158234082X|5.0|I enjoyed this book more than any other I've read in the last year or so. It's a scandalous and scandalizing behind the scenes look at the cooking  game, and it's a joy to read. Bourdain may not be one of the best chefs in  the world, but he has to be the best writer among those who sling hash  (expensive or not) for a living. Part autobiography, part how-to (or  how-not-to) book, part gossipy tell-all, &quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot;  is a book that will amuse, appall, and delight.<br />The story of Bourdain's  path from delinquent to chef is interesting enough. The stories he tells  about his misadventures as a young, arrogant, clueless jerk in his first  kitchens are honestly and hilariously put forth. He doesn't spare himself,  especially in one episode when he tells of working in a hard-core kitchen  and getting burned on a frying pan, and whining to the other cooks that he  needs burn creme. Their scornful and contemptous replies are just the kind  of experience that beats sense into a man, as it did to Bourdain. He  learned to be as rough and rude as those around him, and as he describes  the kitchens he's worked in, that is PLENTY rude.<br />When Bourdain is  describing the restaurant business he's just as funny and interesting.  Whether he's describing why most restaurants fail (look at the owners) or  why bartenders and chefs tend to become close friends (free drinks = free  food) or why you should NEVER eat the seafood frittatas at a Sunday brunch  (read the book to find out) it's always a blast to read. He's not just a  treasure trove of neat stories. He's also an extremely talented writer,  mean, profane, hilarious. <br />Some of the criticism levelled at this book is  that Bourdain is only describing the restaurants he's worked at, not the  industry as a whole. And Bourdain does address this in a chapter of his  book when he describes the kitchen of a three-star chef working at an  exquisite restaurant, which is as different from Bourdain's kitchens as an  all-girl's school is to a maximum-security prison. It still doesn't detract  from the pleasure you get from reading about his experiences.<br />I read and  re-read this book like three times on my honeymoon, which should give you  an idea of how much I liked it (it gave my wife ideas, like how bad a  concussion I'd have if she brained me with it). I have a healthly fear of  flying, but reading this book kept my nice and calm on the flight down. For  that I gratefully thank Mr. Bourdain. His book was entertaining enough to  push the terror from my mind. And from me, that is high praise indeed.
B00003CWNR|4.0|A charming coming of age tale set in WWII Maine at an idyllic orphanage. Good actors, beautiful scenery mix with abortion, incest, addiction and  lust. And leave the viewer with a warm fuzzy feeling. Well done and  enjoyable.
0312853238|5.0|Nowhere will you find a better book (possibly excluding the later books in  the series).  The character development andcomplexity of this novel are a  wonderful change from the normal, run of the mill science-fiction novels.  If you are a sci-fi fan, you will love this!
6300216403|4.0|This excellent little film from director Peter Bogdanovich is very funny, very entertaining and just an all-round feel good movie.  It is very  stylish and has great atmosphere.<br />The story is about a common hustler  (Ryan O'Neal) who, in order to score a few bucks, volunteers to drive a  recently parentless girl (Tatum O'Neal) to her Aunt's house.  The plan is  to make a few bucks through blackmail with her and then send her on a train  to her Aunts but through various events and circumstances they find out  that they are a pretty good pair of hustlers.  They pull various schemes  and make a lot of money along the way to her Aunt's house.<br />The acting is  the film's greatest virtue.  Ryan and Tatum O'Neal both do excellent jobs  with their roles.  They play off of each other perfectly, creating some  very funny scenes purely through looks or a feeling between the two.  Madeline Kahn is hilarious as a prostitute that Ryan picks up along the  way.  She plays the perfect floozy and has a great scene with Tatum on a  hill.<br />The directing is great.  It gives the whole film an old-fashioned  feel through style and the use of black and white.  The film feels like the  1930's and that adds a nice touch.<br />It's no \\"The Last Picture Show\\" but  still defiantly worth a viewing from anybody who likes movies.<br />Thanxs...
0312243022|5.0|&quot;The Hours&quot;  was my first book by Cunningham...whom I fell in  love with! m-m-m, I wonder if he's married. Anyhow, I have added this book  to my &quot;all time favorites&quot; The charactors were superb...I found  it hard to separate the author from Virgina Woolf...What a task!  Brilliant  and Delightful!  I found myself thinking...How are these three women going  to somehow come together?? But they did!  Unpredictable, creative,  fantastic language.  Every sentence is Here and Now....Cunningham didn't  win the Pulizer for nothing!  I want more of him, more of his words, More.  Virginia is applauding from the grave!
B00004Y87O|5.0|Finally this hit hits DVD :-) I hope they include some nice extras e.g. commentary track - we will see. If you saw only Escape From L.A. you miss  the real thing. This film is a STRONG BUY! Rating is for the film only  'cause the DVD is only announced.
B000001DTM|5.0|...for any U2 fan.  Actually, this album should be a requirement for any  music fan.<br />If you are a music fan, get it, listen to it, and realize  these guys are the Real Thing.  They worked their butts off to get where  they are, and performers ranging from Pearl Jam to Bruce Springsteen to Bob  Dylan to Luciano Pavarotti to Frank Sinatra all have been delighted and  proud to work with U2.<br />If you're clueless about music and are just  looking to buy something for someone, odds are they have this disc but what  the heck, it's a great selection anyway.<br />If you're an old fart, go away!   :)
B000000P17|5.0|GUNS N ROSES DID NOT DISSAPPOINT ME AT ALL ON THIS CD. I THOUGHT OH A  COVER CD, THAT CANN'T BE THAT GOOD, BUT I WAS LIKE OH MAN THIS IS GREAT, MY  FAVORITES ARE AIN'T IT FUN AND HAIR OF THE DOG.  FOR GNR'S LAST CD I  THOUGHT IS WAS GOOD, BUT THEY SHOULD HAVE DID AN ORIGINAL AS A FINAL CD.  I  DO RECOMMEND SLASH'S SNAKEPIT &quot;IT'S FIVE O'CLOCK SOMEWHERE&quot;.  BECAUSE IT SOUNDS ALOT LIKE A GNR ALBUM.  BUT IF WANT A GOOD CD BUY  &quot;THE SPAHGETTI INCIDENT?&quot; AXL IS GREAT. SLASH IS THE BEST GUITAR  I'VE EVER HEARD.
0812550706|5.0|This book captures the human race at a very true angle. It shows human  manipulation, and how we love power and superiorority. This book shows a  simple rule of human nature, what we don't know or understand, we are  afraid, and we destroy.
B00003CWN2|5.0|This movie is without a doubt the saddest movie ever made.It'snot exacltly a feelgood date movie.It's possibally the most beautiful love story ever told.The scenes involving Brandon and Lana are genuinly touching.Hillary Swank did such an amazing job as Brandon Teena,a female posing as a male who was brutally raped and murdered because people couldn't accept him.She definately deserved her awards.Chlo Sevigny, was also amazing as brandon's sympathetic love interest Lana.Although the movie changed some key facts that happened in reality,the movie still possesses a horrifying beauty and terror that will genuinly shock you if you have a heart at all.One thing that really caught my attention was the soundtrack.It's amazing.classic Skynyrd sets the perfect mood as does the Cure classic &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot;.But the most heartfelt song is &quot;The Bluest eyes In Texas&quot;It was the PERFECT choice for this movie.I highly recomend this movie.Just make sure you have some tissues handy...it was one of those movies that left me staring at the screen as the credits rolled.THAT'S how good it is.I was always totally openminded about homosexuality but this movie made me stand up for it...Now the whole Matthew Shepard thing just seems even more sickening.This movie just really touched me.I felt angry and sad, both at the same time.Angry at how closeminded the&quot;Land of the free&quot; has become and sad because they were truly two in a million.Maybe boys dont cry...But I know I did.
B000002UAR|5.0|For along time now I've avoided reviewing any of the Beatles work because of the significance and impact it's had on my life, especially the way I  listen to music. The Beatles, quite simply, remain unequaled in popularity,  influence, creativity, social significance and consistent brilliance. No  other band was able to sound completely new on each release, yet still  sound like The Beatles! &quot;Revolver&quot; is my personal favorite  because it caught me completely off guard the first time I heard it 16  years ago, and it still unveils something new everytime I listen to it now.  George Harrison's songwriting skills had advanced so far by 1966, that one  of his compositions (&quot;Taxman&quot;) was selected to open this stunning  song cycle! Featuring Paul on bass and overdubbed lead guitar,  &quot;Taxman&quot; is one of those classic, hard rock, tightly harmonized  Beatles tracks that every other band in existence at the time was trying to  duplicate, but as usual, the Fab Four blew them out of the water! Paul  McCartney's &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; isn't so much a classical number so  much as it is a pop song with strings that literally propel the tune along  a jaunty pace, leaving the listener almost weeping at the sound and images  presented in the greatly detailed lyrics, still breathtaking after 34  years. John Lennon's contributions are some of the most daring and personal  of his career, the churning, spaced out &quot;She Said, She Said&quot;  (about an LSD trip with Peter Fonda), the mournful, acoustic &quot;I'm Only  Sleeping&quot; (simply about staying in bed all day), the funky, shuffling  &quot;Dr. Robert&quot; (about the Beatles 'special pharmacist') and the  best track on the album, &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, (essentially,  the psychedelic experience set to loopy, scary, mind-altering music.  (Special Musical Note: Ringo is the star of this song, his low, repetitive,  thudding drums anchor the piece from start to finish, and he NEVER  falters.) I consider this the group's greatest album because of it's  stunning diversity and effortless eclecticism, nothing here sounds forced  or out of place and they were still a band, a situation that would change  drastically over the next 2 to 3 years. &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot; was more  excessive and artsy, but song for song, &quot;Revolver&quot; is a stronger  effort.  A True Classic!.) I consider this the group's greatest album because of it's  stunning diversity and effortless eclecticism, nothing here sounds forced  or out of place and they were still a band, a situation that would change  drastically over the next 2 to 3 years. &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot; was more  excessive and artsy, but song for song, &quot;Revolver&quot; is a stronger  effort.  A True Classic!
B000002OX5|5.0|TO BE BRIEF, YOU GUYS KEEP SLAGGING THIS MASTERPIECE. IT WAS 1967, HARD  ROCK    WAS BARELY DEVELOPING, AND THE WHO WERE CONCENTRATING ON THE  SILLINESS IF POP RADIO AND GAVE THEIR  VERSION OF WHAT IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN.  FACE IT THERE'S  MORE  TO   MUSIC THAN POWER CHORDS. I AM 28, I NEVER HEARD  THE ORIGINAL LP, IN FACT &quot;I CAN SEE FOR   MILES' WAS THE ONLY TRACK  FROM THE CD REMASTER I WAS REALLY FAMILIAR WITH. WHAT A SURPRISE TO  DISCOVER THIS IGNORED MASTERPIECE. JUST AS GOOD AS  REMASTER OF TOMMY. BOTH  REMASTERS SOUND INCREDIBLY GOOD.
B000001GX5|5.0|Karajan's performance with the Berlin Philharmonic on Respighi is truly  excellent. I claim it as one of the best performers I know since Ormandy's  performance with the Philadelphia Orchestra. Karajan's performance, on one  hand, is really profound and sounds like a true virtuoso orchestra. But  Ormandy's performance, on the other hand, sounds very nice and excellent  too. But I tend to hear Karajan's performance on both Respighian music more  than Ormandy, so this may be my very favorite Respighian CD, then Ormandy's  performance second.<br />   I truly believe that you really should buy this CD  if you like classical music.
B000002J0P|5.0|From the very beginning it was clear that this was to be the first of the  new super-groups, composed of discontented refugees who either quit or were  bounced from monster groups like the Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, and the  Hollies. And when the star-crossed trio finally started harmonizing amid  the crisp clear echoes of their sparkling acoustic guitar work, it was  obvious that the sky was the limit for their wonderful songs and music.  This was the album that introduced them to a waiting world, with the album  becoming an instant success based on the smash hit of \\"Suite Judy Blue  Eyes\\", Stephen Stills' love paean to paramour Judy Collins.<br />The album is  full of innovative pop sounds, from Crosby's evocative \\"Guinevere\\" to  Graham Nash's perky \\"Marrakesh Express\\" to Stills' \\"49 Bye-Byes\\". Of  course, the fact that they were informally introduced to 500,000 potential  fans at Woodstock didn't hurt, nor did the fact that the movie version of  \\"Woodstock\\" prominently featured a number of the songs from this album as  part of its soundtrack. Finally, it was their brilliance in quickly  following the success of this album with \\"D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu\\" that cemented their rise  to the top of the rock world. My favorites here are \\"Wooden Ships\\", \\"You  Don't Have To Cry\\", and of course, \\"Long Time Gone\\", David Crosby's moving  albeit cynical tribute to Robert F. Kennedy. This is a classic album that  every rock fan should have on his or her top shelf, as a part of the  history of rock music. Enjoy!
B00004YA66|5.0|When you first see the preview you think it is kinda of a drama, but it turns into an amazing suspense film. The last 20 minutes are very tense.  The first and middle of the film lets you put the pieces together and moves  very quickly. The film is very well crafted and well worth the money, BUY  IT you won't be disappointed, this is a great movie.
B000002GQL|5.0|This is the final of the seven albums the Moodies released in rapid  succession from the late sixties to early seventies before essentially  disbanding based both on exhaustion and disenchantment with the wages and  consequences of fame. This is the group that had first put the vital and  exciting new sound of synthesized music on the map and integrated it with  such mastery with the wall of dreamy electric sound they became so famous  for. After exhausting the field of concept albums with four or five in a  row, commencing with \\"In Search Of The Lost Chord\\" and ending with  \\"Question Of Balance a few breathless years later, the group finally  retired in the early 1970s to regain their energy and momentum, and  eventually released this final album, which features a wide range of  terrific songs written by each of the band members, but really lacking any  unifying theme other than the terrific styles of each member and a certain  common perspective obvious from the lyrics of each song.<br />There is a lot  of good listening here, and a lot of musical virtuosity, especially with  Mike Pinder in his last appearance on the Moog synthesizer, but also with  great electric guitar and bass work by Justin Hayward and John Lodge,  respectively, and also with terrific work by Graham Edge on drums and Ray  Thomas on a variety of wind instruments. Of course, \\"Isn't Life Strange?\\"  was the smash single driving the album up the charts, and every song from  \\"Lost In A Lost World\\" to the final \\"I'm Just A Singer In A Rock And Roll  Band\\" (which was John Lodge's fervent disclaimer to the distressing popular  clamor regarding the Moodies as musical prophets of a new emerging higher  level of consciousness) are quite good. My own personal favorites are \\"You  And Me\\" and a terrific song that never got any air time at all, \\"Land Of  Make Believe\\" written and sung by Justin Hayward. As far as this album is  concerned, in my humble opinion it is a definite keeper. Enjoy!
6302378648|4.0|I saw this film when it first came out in the movies years ago, and I can honestly say it scared me. I loved the camera angles Martin Scorese used; they were very effective. Robert DeNiro is great as the ex-con hell-bent on revenge against his defense lawyer (Nick Nolte) who deliberately lost the case so his client could pay for his shocking crimes. The ex-con harasses the lawyer and his family continuously until he starts attacking and/or killing people that are close to the family, and then the lawyer is forced into a confrontation with the criminal on a houseboat. Juliette Lewis' performance as the troubled teenage daughter is great too. Gregory Peck and Robert Mitchum, who both played the main characters in the original 1962 film, also appear in this remake. The musical score was the very same as the Bernard Hermann arrangement in the original, and it is chilling...glad that they didn't change a thing with the music. If you like suspense, you will like this. As a previous reviewer said, this movie is not for children. It's very bloody and graphic...so wait until the kids are asleep and pop it in the VCR.
B000003B6J|5.0|If you don't own this album, just go ahead and buy it. If you want to call  yourself a fan of hip-hop.... any kind of hip-hop.... and don't know all of  the words on this disc, you're negligent....<br />You have production by Dr.  Dre and Yella, and rapping by Dre, E, and Ice Cube... all of these guys are  household names... and this disc, recorded when they were all still pretty  young, proves why. They are shouting angry, vaguely women-hating, but  creative and interesting rhymes (all like right in line with a lot of  later... and lesser.... gansta cliches). The production is tight, this disc  is still like the number one disc to bump in your car to. You can still....  like more than ten years after it was made, bump it in parties. It's just a  tight, tight disc....<br />Buy this CD. Just do it....
6300274195|5.0|Walt Disney's fourth animated feature, &quot;Dumbo,&quot; is one of his best movies. It is the shortest Disney film ever. It has some of the best  songs a Disney movie has ever had. One song in particular, &quot;Baby  Mine,&quot; just brings tears to my eyes. Two sequences in this movie stand  out: the pink elephants dancing and the scene where Dumbo goes to visit his  mother in jail at night. My favorite character is Timothy Q. Mouse. He is  the only friend that Dumbo has. This movie is another one of Uncle Walt's  great classics.
0679720200|5.0|Camus in my mind is a phenominal storyteller.  Though most would like to  label him as a philosopher, Camus sparkles as a novelist.  It may be his  tone or apathy, I cannot yet tell, but this work is a guarenteed enjoyment.   A life of apathy is not one to be lived by all, but if you ever had the  urge to sit around doing nothing but couldn't take time out of your busy  day, live vicariously through Mersault, the main caracter in this apathetic  novel.  I don't want to ruin the plot, so I'll just say that it will leave  you thinking.
1573225517|4.0|I have only recently seen the film and read the book. To be honest there is much to praise about it but also there are critisisms. Rob can be  selfish and self pitying, but thankfully he starts to realise that before  the end, and secondly there seems a time when the plot is just grinding  along. That said most men can identify with at least one aspect about Rob I  tend to make lists for one), and it is a timely reminder that the end of  the road to true happiness does not lie in the arms of a sexy woman or in  our favourite songs. Hornby also has a brilliant style of writing, hence  the 4 stars
6303212263|5.0|I was never satisfied with this film. The early scenes where Superman grows up in adolescence are beautifully filmed and very poignant. When the  film shifts focus to the adult Superman it falls into ridiculous slapstick  and destroys what could have been a fine example of classic film Americana.  However, on recent viewing I find Christopher Reeves' performance of honor,  loyalty, integrity and love to be one of the most sincere examples of  histrionics put on film. All lovers of film owe him a great debt of  gratitude for his portrayal of these lost values.
B00004VW0W|3.0|I have been a Cat Stevens worshipper for thirty years,having said that  though it is fair to say that Foreigner is his weakest set.I can still  remember the shock I experienced when this album was first released in  1973. Listening to it some decades later,I appreciate that the album has  it's moments,but this followed three classic albums- Tillerman,Teaser and  Catch Bull-to say that Foreigner is not in the same ballpark is an  understatement;it's not in the parking lot of the same ballpark. The  meandering title track occupies the whole of side one,musically there are  two or three excellent sections,his lyrical acumen seems to have deserted  him however.If his earlier work had the appearence of being crafted and  polished to perfection,this album seems to have been written during a  coffee break.    Side Two isn't much better, the minor hit 'The Hurt' swirls  nicely but is otherwise unremarkable. 'How Many Times' is a pale companion  to earlier piano ballads. 'Later'is a dreadful attempt to sound funky- I  always skip this song when I play the album. The final track '100 I Dream'  has at last some of Cat's lyrical savvy and the melody is worthy-nowhere on  the album though is there a Stevens song of genius,unlike his next record  which at least contained the acoustic jewel,;C79'.    Look elsewhere for his  real gems - ie Tillerman,Teaser and Catch Bull.Get this one if you are a Cat fanatic and a completist.
B00004SCX6|4.0|This album was one that I wasn't sure about buying.  Having heard the last  album and not really rated it,you can forgive me for not immediately  rushing out to buy it.  However having listened to it a few times I can say  it actually isn't all that bad.<br />There is quite a variety here, whether  the upbeat pop of lucky, oops I did it again or what you see is what you  get, tickle you fancy or if you enjoy some powerful songs.  There is quite  a catering for you here.<br />The real problem with this album is that some of  the songs are attrocious!  Dear diary claiming the accolade of worst track  by far!<br />However what the songs do emphasise is the power of her vocals,  songs like where are you now really pick it out.  If you are a fan (and  there's enough of you!) then this is a definite purchase, otherwise you may  wish to be cautious as it isn't really a stand out album.  A worthy listen  but all in all not an album that you should definitely buy.  Decent release  but needed a little more body unfortunately...
0060930349|4.0|I resubmit this review, to link with my current list.<br />To all the tenured radicals libeling America as the enemy of humanity, this book is a decisive  refutation: America _is_ humanity. This book follows the familiar Johnson  formula of telling history: An adverbial phrase summing up a generation's  attitude here, a half-page biographical sketch illustrating a trend there,  and so on, with plenty of astringent value judgements inviting further  investigation.<br />Yes, there is &quot;bias&quot; here, but it is a  corrective one. Of course he goes overboard in spots--one can agree that  Nixon was unfairly smeared by liberals his whole career without excusing  him entirely of wrongdoing, as Johnson does. But it was news to me that  many of the people baying Nixon's heels themselves covered up wrongdoing by  Lyndon Johnson in the '60s. And it's good to have it made plain that there  was indeed a Kennedy conspiracy--to get him into office, not out.<br />Throughout, many of the ills we deplore nowadays are shown to have been  with us since the beginning--the endless Presidential campaign is as old as  the early 1800s, for instance. And Johnson's ventures into  mass-psychologizing are funny. Or unsettling, depending. Particulary novel  in a modern history book is the way that agitators and radicals are nearly  absent here. Instead, pride of place is given to ordinary working people  and the industrialists and inventors who drove the astonishing engine of  progress and innovation that America became after the Civil War. Johnson  well understands that complainers are present in every age, but that such a  sunburst of accomplishment is a rarity. All in all, an informative,  entertaining and inspiring read.
B0000040W2|5.0|This is the best version out there, and I've heard several, including the  OOP Bernstein - you can't get better than this;  not the most generous CD  with 55 minutes and no coupling, but worth every penny.
B000002AGE|5.0|I resubmit this review, to link with my current list. Easily the best jazz album of the '70s. \\"Birdland\\" never stops giving delight. For the  jazzers who are stuck in the purist attitude of \\"If you want melody  you're a fascist\\", this album is proof that serious jazz musicians can  show their audience a good time. Zawinul continued to show that he had  brought much more to Miles Davis than he was given credit for. Pastorius  was at his peak before his long sad descent. In fact, his bass figure right  after Shorter's sax figure in \\"Birdland\\"'s first climax is the  greatest bass riff since the explosion of the Hindenburg.  \\"Teentown\\" is a fun quick number, and \\"The Juggler\\" is  a sweet tone poem. You might want to try to find Jaco's three collaborations with gypsy guitarist Bireli Lagrene for some longer improvisations on \\"Teentown\\" in a trio format.
1573921394|1.0|The book that deepened the Great Depression, impoverished half the world and spawned the Welfare State in America.  It is beyond poorly written, to  the point that certain pages make about as much sense as reading aloud from  a thesaurus.  I studied this trash in college and quickly came to the  conclusion that the collectivist world was just waiting for some moron, any  moron, to put a plausible exposition of their odious ideas into a  semi-respectable format.  To any human with over a decahertz of electrical  activity in his cortex, Keynes fails miserably and spectacularly.  But for  those falling below the electromagnetic Mendoza line (FDR, Louis Brandeis,  Benjamin Cardozo, John Kenneth Galbraith et. al.), this stuff was and is  mother's milk.<br />It still boggles the mind that the greatest treatise of  economics ever penned--Von Mises' Human Action--is not even touched on in  university-level economics courses, yet this oleaginous tip sheet for  Fellow Travelers is bruited about by economics professors as a theoretical  monstrance, holding the dream of Borg-like equality for all.  Keynes is  coming.  You will be assimilated.<br />The fact is that this book is on the  wrong side of logic, history and morality.  If ever there was a compelling  reason  for the privatization of primary and secondary education, and the  retreat of the Federal Government from the halls of higher learning, it is  the disppearance of this book and its foul theoretical externalities from  America's collegiate classrooms.
B00004U8H4|2.0|The movie started out very interestingly and though graphically violent it kept me interested throughout.  Then the ending just ruined the entire  film.... so cliche I wanted to ask for my money back.  What a waste of a  great idea exploring the excess culture of the 80's.  I had not read the  book so possibly it was better handled and explained in it, but if you have  not read the book, the film ending is flat-footed and deeply unsatisfying.
B000006U44|5.0|I could write an extremely long review of this album , but I don't think I  can do justice to this album's heavy influence. It's my favourite Kate Bush  album, and ever since I heard repeated playing's of both of Kate's 1st two  albums (&quot;Lionheart&quot; being the other album) on vinyl in 1978, when  I was merely an innocent and naive toddler, who was literally blown away by  the sounds, harmonies, words and music that I heard from the turntable, I  have always considered them to be classics. Kate's early work has  influenced me for the rest of my life. &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; is  still my favourite song - I cry when I hear it. They aren't tears of  sadness, joy or pain, but tears from a late 1970's past that seems  &quot;fuzzy&quot; and so long ago. I don't know why I cry, but I know that  it's nothing bad, but something special, perhaps even magical. I could  ramble on and on about that one song alone, but ALL of the songs on Kate's  debut album and it's followup, &quot;Lionheart&quot; are overpowering,  haunting and just plain &quot;Good&quot;. They are also (Like Kate herself)  uniquely British - there's a &quot;Lionheart&quot; in all of us and it's  easy to get swept away in the nostalgic vibes of a United Kingdom with  leafy green grass and white and blue mottled sky. Beneath the surface  though, Kate strikes hard at the power of relationships and the male and  female psyche and even taboo subjects (&quot;The Kick Inside&quot; is about  incest, which in 1978 was a bold thing to sing about !). Kate's recordings  continue to influence my ( Leo Boyle ) own lyric writing, vocal style and  personal perception of the hollow world which we now all live in. Kate's  debut may have only sounded like a beautifully faint echo when it was  originally released in America (Unlike the huge success that it was in the  U.K.), but it has steadly risen to become a cult album (Like any of the  other albums so far released by Kate ) and it will remain a key touchstone  tothe music of Kate Bush for old and new fans alike !
B000024D4R|5.0|Animals, a theme album showcasing Roger Waters' bitter criticism of  generally rotten people by negatively classifying them as pigs, dogs or  sheep in the same vein as George Orwell's Animal Farm, presents  blisteringly cruel lyrics set to a musical collage of serene moments used  to build-up into darkly thunderous, grinding upsets. David Gilmour's guitar  work follows behind Water's theatrical singing and condemning lyrics,  displaying that whatever feeling Waters could derive from a listener using  words, Gilmour could using notes, chords and progressions. It slashes threw  a listener's mentality so I recommend being in a particularly sour mood  when listening, but nothing hits the spot so well when I am. Oddly enough  the album is bookeneded by two slow, hurting acoustic love songs revealing  that, despite the album's dark, industrial tone, it was a montage to love  or rather a description of a world without it. Like Orwell, Waters was  brilliant in his underlining
B000006U44|5.0|I could write an extremely long review of this album , but I don't think I  can do justice to this album's heavy influence. It's my favourite Kate Bush  album, and ever since I heard repeated playing's of both of Kate's 1st two  albums (&quot;Lionheart&quot; being the other album) on vinyl in 1978, when  I was merely an innocent and naive toddler, who was literally blown away by  the sounds, harmonies, words and music that I heard from the turntable, I  have always considered them to be classics. Kate's early work has  influenced me for the rest of my life. &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; is  still my favourite song - I cry when I hear it. They aren't tears of  sadness, joy or pain, but tears from a late 1970's past that seems  &quot;fuzzy&quot; and so long ago. I don't know why I cry, but I know that  it's nothing bad, but something special, perhaps even magical. I could  ramble on and on about that one song alone, but ALL of the songs on Kate's  debut album and it's followup, &quot;Lionheart&quot; are overpowering,  haunting and just plain &quot;Good&quot;. They are also (Like Kate herself)  uniquely British - there's a &quot;Lionheart&quot; in all of us and it's  easy to get swept away in the nostalgic vibes of a United Kingdom with  leafy green grass and white and blue mottled sky. Beneath the surface  though, Kate strikes hard at the power of relationships and the male and  female psyche and even taboo subjects (&quot;The Kick Inside&quot; is about  incest, which in 1978 was a bold thing to sing about !). Kate's recordings  continue to influence my ( Leo Boyle ) own lyric writing, vocal style and  personal perception of the hollow world which we now all live in. Kate's  debut may have only sounded like a beautifully faint echo when it was  originally released in America (Unlike the huge success that it was in the  U.K.), but it has steadly risen to become a cult album (Like any of the  other albums so far released by Kate ) and it will remain a key touchstone  tothe music of Kate Bush for old and new fans alike !
B000002UA0|5.0|Pink Floyd's summer of love debut from the swinging London underground is forty-two minutes of basic fluff but a wonderfully displayed, inventive,  melodic, intoxicating, unique and memorizing kind of social conscienceless,  unceremonious fluff which borderlines between weird and irrational to truly  shine in a manner only Syd Barrett knew how to create. Barrett was a true  genius at putting listeners into his mind set of boyish wonderment and  gleeful curiousity at downright weird LSD-inspired mirages. I also agree  with reviewers who pointed out that this album is pure, undulated  psychedelic rock whereas the Doors, the Grateful Dead and even the Beatles  merely dabbled in the genre.
B000002HH9|5.0|I bought this when it first came out and I love it.  True it is not the  best of the cure.  But you can't expect Robert Smith to make everyone  happy. I've been a Cure fan since I was 10 years old and I believe this  album to be a good one.  One of my favorite songs is on this album (Jupitor  Crash) and my cure collection of over 40 Cure CDs would not be complete  with out this wonderful little album.  Everyone is a critic, but don't  knock it until you try it!
0399230033|5.0|I shared this book with my daughter when she was around 2. She loved the page where the animals say goodnight to the wife, pointing to each bubble  and &quot;reading&quot; each good night then would quickly turn the page  and pointing to the eyes,say eyes in a deep 2 year old voice and proceed to  crack up. This was repeated many times. I am now sharing this book with my  son with the same sense of hilarity. If you need a laugh at the end of a  long hard adult day, curl up with your toddler and this book.
0684847248|1.0|Peck conveniently opens his work with the Buddhist notion of suffering and goes on to make such anti-Buddhist claims as: &quot;Only people have  spirits which are capable of growth.&quot;  He misapplies term  &quot;Maya&quot; and fails to recognize this term does not have the same  meaning for all Buddhists and Hindus.    Furthermore, Peck may find it  difficult to find a serious Buddhist practicioner who agrees that sex or  psychoactive drugs can provide us with a glimpse of Nirvana.       If his  misinterpretations weren't enough, Peck concludes his work with a very  narrow, evangelistic, Christian-based vision of spirituality.  In his the  last sections of his book Peck fails to recognize those eastern religions,  which he so swiftly prostituted and used to support his definitions of  &quot;love,&quot; as now being valid means of spirituality.<br />  Peck's  definition of love is both narrow and undeveloped.  His notion of being  &quot;trapped into marriage&quot; leaves one wondering why one should marry  at all.  It is as if Peck self-righteously proclaims that the highest form  of love is to be a psychotherapist, (like this is a profession exempt from  selfish motivation and desires), and guide others along the path of what he  claims is &quot;spiritual.&quot;  <br />   These are just a sampling of the  ridiculous &quot;insights&quot; Peck makes in his work which is neither  groundbreaking or objective.  It is a book full of personal values and  judgemental speculations which Peck tries to pass off as experienced,  clinical advice.  The small amount of truth in this book has been published  in numerous, more objective self-help volumes. It scares me that over 6  million people own this book.
6305807043|5.0|Oh, I loved this movie.  Intensely interesting, mostly quirky, and a great piece of film.  John Malkovich gives a glowing performance, as does John  Cusak.  Cameron Diaz is understated, as per the character, and absolutely  brilliant.  A refreshing look at the psyche.  It is a little strange, but  it is one of those movies that *does* assume that it's viewer is  intellegent enough to figure it out without a great deal of lengthy  explanations that would weigh down the movie.  A fun and fascinating piece.  Highly recommended.
0684847248|1.0|Peck conveniently opens his work with the Buddhist notion of suffering and goes on to make such anti-Buddhist claims as: &quot;Only people have  spirits which are capable of growth.&quot;  He misapplies term  &quot;Maya&quot; and fails to recognize this term does not have the same  meaning for all Buddhists and Hindus.  Furthermore, Peck may find it  difficult to find a serious Buddhist practicioner who agrees that sex or  psychoactive drugs can provide us with a glimpse of Nirvana.  If his  misinterpretations weren't enough, Peck concludes his work with a very  narrow, evangelistic, Christian-based vision of spirituality.  In his the  last sections of his book Peck fails to recognize those eastern religions,  which he so swiftly prostituted and used to support his definitions of  &quot;love,&quot; as now being valid means of spirituality.<br />  Peck's  definition of love is both narrow and undeveloped.  His notion of being  &quot;trapped into marriage&quot; leaves one wondering why one should marry  at all.  It is as if Peck self-righteously proclaims that the highest form  of love is to be a psychotherapist, (like this is a profession exempt from  selfish motivation and desires), and guide others along the path of what he  claims is &quot;spiritual.&quot;<br />  These are just a sampling of the  ridiculous &quot;insights&quot; Peck makes in his work which is neither  groundbreaking or objective.  It is a book full of personal values and  judgemental speculations which Peck tries to pass off as experienced,  clinical advice.  The small amount of truth in this book has been published  in numerous, more objective self-help volumes. It scares me that over 6  million people own this book.
B00003CX95|5.0|I can't give BraveHeart any less than the first place. This is one of the best films I've ever seen.It lifted my spirit after I had watched it for  the first time like no movie before that time.<br />  Mel Gibson outdid  himself in this case: His performance was flawless,absolutely credible and  unforgettable.Thanks for this one,Mel.I admire everything regarding this  creation,everything was done in the finest form - it's a masterpiece,a  superb outcome.<br />  I saw it for the first time five years ago,closely  to my graduation from school.Today I realize how young and  &quot;fresh&quot; I was back than.I've changed a lot ever  since.Nonetheless, seeing the movie nowadays creates very similar impact in  me,like the one that was generated in the past. I guess some things never  change.<br />  I might suspect that it is not suitable to all female ladies  out there.Myself,I know some women who dislike the film,mostly because of  the voilence largely displayed in it.Consider this as a warning(It's  certainly not for children under 14).<br />  So,unless you can't cope  with the violence(that is essential when presenting war and struggle),I  would say - Don't miss it. On DVD this has got to be major league  experience.
0780020693|5.0|Fellini's theme of coming of age memoir works as a beautiful nostalgic piece. The film resonates from an earlier film of his 8 1/2 showing the  director's flashes to his seaside hometown. I've watched this film several  times and on every occassion find something new. Here's a tip to enjoy  watching a foreign film - Do NOT watch the English dubbed version if there  is any - so much is lost in the film. Fellini's films work with subtitles  because they make you forget you're reading them at all and as always,  Fellini pleases both eye and ear and subsequently the heart. The musical  score by Nino Rota is something one looks forward to in every scene. His  music perfectly sets the tempo of each image, and I mean each and every  one. What a duo of artistic genius these two men are! Watching the film on  its excellent Criterion-restored DVD version, one can only wonder what the  cinema world would be without Fellini.
B00000JBCP|5.0|I had never heard any of Mana's music before(I live in WI &amp; there are  no Spanish music stations here; I know, it's a bummer). I bought this CD  after listening to Santana's latest.  My favorite song on that CD is  &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot; w/Fher on vocals. I figured I should expand my  musical collection to include not just salsa, merengue, and hip hop.  I put  it in my car &amp; wanted to take the long way home.  It has been the best  &quot;let's see if this is any good&quot; CD I've ever gotten.  Since then  I've gotten their &quot;Mana Live&quot; &amp; &quot;Donde Jugaran Los  Nios?&quot;  They're all good, but I have to agree that this one is great.   Add this to your collection a.s.a.p..  You don't even need to know  Spanish.  You'll enjoy it no matter what language you speak.
B00001ODHF|4.0|Bruce Campbell plays hero in an atypical time-traveling epic. Whenever he addresses a situation, a quip or pun is not far behind, acting as Kevlar.   I liked this film but thought it could shore-up the ending a little bit.   Fun, laughs, action, terrific special effects.
6305622825|3.0|Connery and Jones make for a terrible match-up. She is unbelievable in her role, but he is perfect in his. Connery never fails to deliver even when  matched with inferior actors/actresses. The plot - needed some work. I  actually fell asleep near the end. I lost interest in the film as it was  coming to those crucial plot ending explanations where the audience is  filled in on the whole shebang. If we must give actors money - at least  make the film believable.
6305627347|5.0|I LAUGHED SO HARD THAT I ALMOST COUGHED UP A LUNG.THEY OFFENDEVERYONE EQUALLY AND THEY ALSO POINT OUT THAT ALOT OF PARENTS ARE BLAMING OTHERS FOR PROBLEMS WITH THIER FAMILIES,THEY ADDRESS SOCIAL ISSUES VERY WELL.AND THE MUSIC IS GREAT....I HAVE SEEN IT 5 TIMES AND LAUGH JUST AS HARD AS WHEN I SAW IT THE FIRST TIME.IT IS A AWESOME MOVIE FOR SURE.
0312954468|4.0|Within weeks of each other, two people who know of my eclectic interests  gave me this book.  Neither of them knew that although Wilbur Smith was  once (20 years ago) my favourite author, I'd long gone off him (too many  dead elephants).  For many years, I've affectionately remembered one of his  early books, &quot;The Sunbird&quot;, as being my favourite of his works.   I'm loathe to re-read it, as his story-telling skills have improved over  the years, something I realised when desperate for something to read, I  grabbed one of the copies from where they sat on my shelves, side by  side.<br />It must be remembered that Wilbur Smith is a writer of adventure  stories.  He is not, and doesn't pretend to be, a historian.  That being  said, he's masterly drawn from history and complemented it with his vivid  imagination in this adventure set in ancient Egypt.<br />The &quot;first  person&quot; in this story is Taita, perhaps one of the most capable and  arrogant central characters ever developed.  Taita was a slave, but that  was really in name only - his talents and abilities allowed him to enjoy a  large degree of freedom.  A stunningly handsome man, among his many skills  Taita was a poet, painter, architect, doctor, politician, Svengali.  However, first and always foremost, Taita was a eunuch.  Taita's incredible  abilities and achievements were tempered by the sad fact he could never  gain the prize he desired most, the reciprocation of his adoration for  Lostris, his mistress.  Ironically, his position was only possible because  because of his lack of manly parts.<br />The opulent life of the ancient  Egyptian nobility and royalty is vividly brought to life - you can almost  smell it on the pages.  Many witers have achieved that.  What sets  &quot;River God&quot; apart, however, is when the story takes a turn with  the Hyksos invasion, where the Egyptians, their military might long  unchallenged, met more than their match.  The Hyksos, with their horses and  chariots, proved to be an opponent the Eqyptians had no idea how to battle  - the Egyptians didn't even have the wheel at that stage. To buy time, they  employed that age-old military strategy - retreat.  And what a  retreat!<br />We all know the Nile is one of the Earth's mightiest rivers, but  most of us have never seen it, and perhaps don't realize the true magnitude  of the incredible path it has cut through Africa on it's never-ending  journey to the Mediterranean.  It's almost impossible to imagine the scale  of the retreat, the thousands upon thousands of soldiers, slaves and common  people who accompanied the court in an effort to find a safe place to use  as a platform for a counter-attack.  The retreating Egyptians had to drag  all their stuff (they were no light packers!) and themselves up the Nile's  many cataracts, where the sheer cliffs and savage terrain denied them  access to the banks.  Fortunately, among his many skills, Taita was also an  engineer, coming up with masterly ways to negotiate the river, even as he  was designing a better chariot.  Horses stolen from the Hyksos were bred  and trained, soldiers learned to ride, drive chariots, and learned a  completely different way to wage war.  Then in the relative safety of the  grasslands of the upper reaches of the Nile, they met new and different  challenges, bitter losses and desperate setbacks.  Thank goodness Taita was  always there to save the day.<br />Other authors have come up with these  larger than life characters, brimming with unbelievable abilities and  incredible talents (Gary Jennings' memorable Thorn, central character in  &quot;Raptor&quot; comes immediately to mind) - sort of historical  super-heroes.  Looking at the evidence that has been left by ancient  civilisations, I reckon they must have had at least some people of  extraordinary talent and abilities, but the magnitude of Taita's skills,  all wrapped up in one man, is pretty hard to accept.  Some people cannot  look past that,and the historical inaccuracies that this type of fiction  engenders.  However, I would urge you to suspend disbelief and enjoy this  for what it was always intended to be - a jolly good, well written,  completely absorbing adventure story, set on a grand scale, when life on  Earth was so different to ours.  <br />When you've finished, run out and get  &quot;The Seventh Scroll&quot; to find out how Taita's efforts protected  his secrets for thousands of years; another adventure of mammoth  proportions.
B000002J1S|5.0|Although undoubtedly a brilliant album (as you can see from all the reviews), the Lamb was a poorly recorded album...rather muddy in  sound.<br />This CD is a digital remastering of the original tapes, and they  have done an unbelievable job.  They have restored the way the album should  have sounded from the beginning.  I have listened to the original recording  for years and years, but this new CD edition has brought out so much more  detail. I have heard and noticed much that I missed with the original  recording.<br />WELL worth the $25!
B00004STPT|5.0|You know a score is great when you're listening to the music and can  picture the movie in your head, the exact part where the piece you're  hearing was featured in the film.  This soundtrack has this quality - it  brings you back inside the story of the film, every time you listen.  Hans  Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard incorporate many different musical influences into  the selections, including classical works, New Age music, Spanish guitar,  and Middle Eastern traditions - this diversity evokes the vastness and  polyglot character of the ancient Roman empire itself.  The best selections  are &quot;The Battle,&quot; &quot;Strength and Honor,&quot; and the last  track &quot;Now We Are Free.&quot;  If you enjoyed the movie, buy the  soundtrack - it'll bring it all back.
6304106017|1.0|Some horror films tray to present a moral message or  political opinion. This film presents a great way to waste your money.  I was looking for the  action sequences claimed to be soo great or anything to justify  entertainment. Well, it was nice to see a few of my favorite actors walk  and talk.<br /> You are tossed into this film and will try to see if the story  is going anywhere. It isn't. It's just suggestive summertime mindless  celluloid fodder. Pass on this one.
B00003CXDU|4.0|I loved this film. It was very funny. A good spoof off sci-fi flicks. If you need to laugh and smile, this is the film for you. Definitely a family  film, but adults will love it more than the kids. Tim Allen delivers.  Sigourney Weaver is surprisingly hilarious. The rest of the cast is on  queue. Worth watching. Will not disappoint. Note: It is far above the  average spoofs. It has a good plot , well developed, and cool special  effects.
6304178352|5.0|Audrey Hepburn did a beautiful job with Rex Harrison in this movie as Eliza Doolittle. This is the movie that made me a fan of hers! Audrey  portays a young woman, Eliza, who wishes she could be more than just a  flower-girl, that she could be a real lady. That's where Professor Henry  Higgins (HARRISON) comes in. He teaches Eliza how to speak like a duchess  as a bet with Colonel Pickering, his good friend. As he teaches her,  though, he grows 'accustomed to her face', and falls head over heals for  her. It just so happens that Higgins is the most selfish person on earth,  and manages to make Eliza raving mad at him. Luckily for him, though, Eliza  falls in love with him. And realizing this, the two make a terrific pair.  For Audrey Hepburn fans out there, this is a must see! Also for those who  like musicals because the songs are terrific!
B0000004V2|5.0|This album is without question one of the best albums of the 80's or 90's.   It offers a more serious, deeper sound than most of the one hit wonder  British Bands from the 80's- and it rang in  the 90's with a sound that is  contemporary even now.  The best measure of an albums worth is how it  stands up over time. I understand why some bands never went further- i.e.  Happy Mondays or Blue Aeroplanes- but of the British Bands from that era-  The Stone Roses deserve better!
B0000035GN|5.0|this is the best album by the greatest band.
6302797535|5.0|The cast list may be enough for 5 stars. But, this film goes over the top with the story. Various top-notch, super fame, genius detectives are  invited to a mansion for the weekend. Somebody dies and everyone in the  elite group is pit against each other as well as a rampant killer and  eclectic host.<br />I saw this film in high school, a private school where I  think the teaching clergy believed this film to be rated G. When you see  the scene where the &quot;butler&quot; is in the kitchen and David Nivens  is investigating, you will understand what a lasting memory it was for me  and my student peers. The nuns couldn't stop the bombastic laughter!
B0000027F8|5.0|&quot;I won't let you down. I will not give you up. Gotta have some faith in the sound. It's the one good thing that I've got...&quot; Georgie really redeems himself with this one. He doesn't even appear in the videos  to promote the album. THIS is what George wanted to do in the first place,  but he had to please record execs with the Wham! stuff and the &quot;I want  your sex.&quot; But this is an essential album for any music lover. George  plays a lot of the instruments. Good bass, especially on Freedom '90  and the upright bass on Cowboys and Angels...and when you listen to  Mother's Pride...keep the tissues nearby. It's a real tear jerker. It's  Class A music. Listen, WITHOUT PREJUDICE!
0812550706|5.0|This book will appeal to everyone. Young readers will enjoy the young  genius Ender and the older readers will also enjoy the young genius as well  as the ethical questions raised. This is the story of Ender a  &quot;third&quot;,who is the earth's last hope to defeat the Buggers. He is  sent battle school where he is quickly made an outcast. Rising above the  traps laid for him,Ender becomes the finest student in the whole school.  When he finally shows the leaders that he is in no danger of crashing,they  graduate him and send him to Command School where he meets up with his  friends. What will happen? Buy the book and find out.
B00004THAY|5.0|There are very few music Cd's that you can actually listen to and  progresively like, as this one, The more you listen to it, and inmerse  yourself in the two great guitar masters, the more you discover the more  you want to listen to it. It is a must Buy.......
0783235666|3.0|In the days of early special effects, drama was long so was the story in this film. Don't get me wrong, I've enjoyed the Birds. But, there are  several areas that should have been stewed down. Maybe it was an effect to  create more tension in the story. I got bored. After first few  bird-strikes, didn't, guess what was coming next?
B00004RFFM|2.0|Quite frankly this movie bored me.  Yes the sharks are incredibly, but the story was thin and the acting was dull.  Yes there were some gory parts,  and yes the sharks were a wonder to behold, but that doesn't make up for  this dull movie.  Scary?  No.  What made JAWS scary is that they didn't  show much of the shark.  It's hard to be afraid of these &quot;smart&quot;  sharks when they throw them in your face every few minutes.
0385484518|2.0|Tries to be an inspiring story (in a self-help sort of way). But the  writing style is so straight-forward an unimaginative that I found it  pretty boring.
B000002KO3|5.0|Containing some of the most infectiously bizarre dance music ever made, \\"Remain in Light\\" defies normal analysis or comparison: a totally  controlled musical nightmare in which a troupe of Afro-Cuban drummers, a  post-punk rock band, a demented preacher, a group of Benedictine monks and  an electronic gizmo freak meet behind the mixing desk of a New York disco  to produce one of the most unusual and innovative records of the last 20  years. <br />Underpinned by insidiously complex, multi-layered arrangements  that combine percussion, instruments, electronic sounds, vocal chants,  weird guitar breaks and \\"off the wall\\" lyrics into the jerky, high-tension  poly-rhythms that underpin all but its depressingly dull final track,  Talking Heads' masterwork will drive you forward into a unique and  unforgettable musical landscape that stills sounds as fresh and different  today as it did in 1980.
6302686466|5.0|Sharon Stone and M. Douglas were terrific is this marvelous murder mystery/ thriller.  Murders are committed by the book of a seductive and  clever author. Strong lang, adult themes and scenes. Terrific movie
0446677450|4.0|Yes, there is an element of \\"the greedy capitalist\\" in this book.  Yes,  there is an element of condescension in the tone of the book.   Yes, there  is an element of \\"education isn't everything\\".  Yes, there is an  over-emphasis on real estate investment and MLM as roads to financial  success.  Yes, there is the not always true distraction of  `be a business  owner, never an employee\\".   And, yes there is repetition of simple  concepts, and a tendency toward the simplistic.<br />There are also very  valuable lessons - lessons taught best through story- and Mr. Kiyosaki's  personal experience.  Valuable themes include:<br />Not everyone learns in the  same way.   Just because you aren't / weren't \\"book smart\\", doesn't mean  you're doomed to mediocrity.  Put your financial house in order instead of  buying into the \\"whomever dies with the most toys, wins\\" mentality.  Your  home shouldn't be your biggest asset. A bigger house every 3 years makes  for higher expenses and a lifetime mortgage. Anyone can gain wealth by  saving and investing - but you must spend less than you earn first.  <br />It  is not the be-all and end-all book to make you rich - but it doesn't  promise that, either. No book is going to be tailor made for your  educational/ financial/ life situation. This book is excellent, though, in  conveying some basic principles of gaining wealth.  Whether you're  chronologically or at all -financially- adolescent, you will gain some  valuable insight from this book.<br />This book will help me teach my kids  some lessons I'd already learned, and reinforced some basic financial  principles for me. A quick read, and worth reading.
B000002H6C|5.0|The album that put Metallica on the map is indeed one of the best albums  ever made by Metallica or by anyone else.  Each song is a true masterpiece  including the epic &quot;One&quot;, which is indeed one of the best written  best performed songs ever.
B000031XCR|5.0|WOW!!  Celine did an excellent job on this one.  It's great to here the  old ones but the new are just as beautiful.  She truly went into  semiretirement in style!  I highly recommend this CD.
B000002J27|5.0|A great album from the Kings of Progressive Rock.  With this record the  remaining members of Genesis were forced go it along without the great  Gabriel, and follow a true classic in the Lamb Lies Down On Broadway.  They  succeeded as no one expected.  This was the first Genesis album I really  latched onto and as I slowly made my way through the rest of the collection  I got more and more excited in the gold mine of great music I had found.  For the newbies out there wanting to experience Genesis at their  progressive best, this or Selling England By The Pound are great places to  start. <br />THE KEY TO REMEMBER WHEN BUYING A GENESIS RECORD:  You can't go  wrong with a record that features Steve Hackett in the lineup ('Nursery  Cryme' through 'Wind &amp; Wuthering'). These are the very best albums  progressive/art rock has to offer.
6305972591|4.0|Children Of The Corn is a classic horror movie that stands out. It is choppy for it's time, but that is normal. I am relieved that this title is  going to hit Dvd soon. Can't wait. The book was different, and it was  different from the movie. The book and the movie are the same thing except  for the movie there is a good ending, and the book has a bad ending. I herd  that children Of  The Corn won't contain too many features. But here is a  few: Widescreen, Theatrical Trailer, commentary with Stephen King, and  more. It is good and the 6th sequel proves to be better.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The Matrix is an action packed sci-fi epic that has all the elements of a graphic comic novel jammed with incredible visual effects and the most  spetacular action scenes to hit the screen since Terminator 2:Judgment  Day.This is one of my all time favorites due to the fact that the film is  packed with a cast that we can cheer for.Keanu Reeves plays the role of Neo  who discovers one day the world he is living in is an illusion controled by  machines that have taken over the world to enslave mankind.Neo meets  Morpheous played by Laurence Fishburne who believes Neo has been chosen to  save humanity from The Matrix.Carrie Ann Moss is Trinity.Hugo Weaving makes  a very impressive villain known as Agent Smith.The Matrix really packs a  mean punch for those who really love kung fu films ranging from Bruce Lee  to Jackie Chan.From Jackie Chan to Jet Li.The film is also my favorite  because I think it pays respect to the John Woo films.What makes the film  work so good is Keanu Reeves.Imagine how The Matrix would have turned out  if Arnold Schwarnegger or Steven Seagal played Neo.Would I still have seen  The Matrix?Yes I would,but Schwarnegger is not right for the role of  Neo.Steven Segal...forget it.Keanu Reeves is one of the most talented  actors around today.The Matrix fits Keanu as tight as an iron glove which  is why I think Keanu Reeves is the perfect choice for this movie.I have  seen this film over 35 times.28 in the movie theaters.The idea for The  Matrix made me wonder how much of an imagination I have in the back of my  head.Believe me,it's alot.The Matrix is truly the kind of film that will  make you explode.Definetly worth seeing.
6305014140|5.0|This movie is problebly the best manga movie after Akira. This movie has an enjoyable story, lots and lots of blood, and the animation is realistic.  the character Jubei is an samuarai who you can hire. By saving a ninja girl  the problems start and he has to face the 7 demons of Kimon with a old  enemy off Jubei as the leader. What can I say more about this movie; it's  as fast as Jubei's sword .
0152023984|5.0|This book I have bought over 10 times.  I have given all of my copies away except the last, because my wife will not let me.  I even gave away my  sister's copy, so now I have to buy her a new copy (I think I will get her  a hardcover this time.)  The book is a blessing to us.  The easily followed  story glides along the imagination while the morals in the book directly  attack your feelings making you love this book.  I would put this book up  with other great works of art &quot;the scream,&quot; &quot;starry  night,&quot; the music of beethoven, and the works of dostoyevsky.  The  book does what Socratese claims ought to be done by all literature; it  takes your feelings and puts them in their right order.  &quot;The Little  Prince&quot; is a novel that encompasses every aspect of life, because it's  aim is about showing us how to live.  I also recommend this books  counterpart &quot;Johnathan Livingston Seagull,&quot;  this is the Eastern  Philosophy's side of the story of life.  Happy Reading!
B00000IMTF|5.0|Unfortunately, this is the type of album that doesn't seem to connect with  or impress many listeners - which is possibly the reason why Richie  Blackmore went to pop in an attempt to appeal to a wider  audience.<br />However, this is one of the most exciting albums of any genre  and it is a shame that it hasn't attracted wider appeal.  I could imagine  that if some of the songs (eg Stargazer) were used in the soundtrack for a  popular film the media and the public would be raving over their potency,  energy and quality.<br />No one can make you like this album - but it is hard  to respect anyone who doesn't.
0140143505|5.0|I must admit I saw the movie first. Very literary unique and bitter-sweet  true story which touch my soul. I found the book and it is even better with  detailed description and sincerity. I particularly enjoyed reading the  letter-format of it. It is so warm hearted and just like reading letters  from friends. In fact I even felt a little guilty as if I am reading other  people's private letters...   This excellent book shines in drawing out the  cultural and social differences between London and New York during the  period of Frank and Helene letters correspondence. 84 Charing Cross Road  changed their lives.They developed special friendship,an unspoken love and  care for each other without even seeing each other.This is truly amazing! I  think &quot;84 Charing Cross Road&quot; is one of the best book I had read.  Easy to read, great story line,literary educational and most importantly  touches my heart and soul.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I like Kid Rock, Eminem, and KoRn a bit better than Limp Bizkit, but this CD is better than all of their CDs. Limp Bizkit has great songs on this  album. Rearranged really isn't that great and neither is Nookie, but listen  to No Sex, Just Like This, N2Gether Now, and the best song on this album-  Break Stuff. If you put this CD in the computer it has a video where you  can speed up the song Nookie. It also features guitarist's Wes Borland's  art work for wall paper and its really good. And please note that Fred  Durst takes up all the spotlight in Bizkit. The best member is Wes Borland.
B00004TWZG|5.0|Forget about the American cut, this is the way Besson intended for this film to be seen. At the heart of it, Leon is a love story between a grown  hitman with the emotions of a child, and a child who's rough life have made  her mature beyond her years. Both of these character traits are shown in  more depth in the international version.
B00004Y9PP|4.0|I saw this movie in the Theaters. The acting was pretty poor but the visual and sound effects more than made up for the lack of believable  characters. Every character had some flaw that was pushed to the max. If  you love your sight and sound, this movie is excellent. 5.1 a must.  Surround sound in a grand scale. You feel like you're surrounded.
0380804557|5.0|Being a Tori Amos fan, I discovered Neil Gaiman, and I decided to read  this book. I stayed up all night reading it one night, I couldn't pull  myself away. It was so lyrical, and imaginative. It had some really clever  plot twists, and always kept me on my toes. And for any other Toriphiles,  he wrote her in the book as a character!
B00000AFFF|5.0|Burt Bacharach has not lost his gift for quirkily beautiful melodies and  arrangements, and Elvis Costello has not lost HIS gift for well-crafted,  emotionally complex lyrics. Together, they reach songwriting heights  achieved in our era only by Stephen Sondheim and perhaps a few others.  Bacharach and Costello, however, are more compulsively listenable than  Sondheim, particularly when Costello himself is singing. To hear &quot;This  House is Empty Now&quot; or &quot;God Give Me Strength&quot; is to be left  in no doubt that you are in the presence of two geniuses of pop music.
0930289234|5.0|This is no comic book, this is simply a highly illustrated novel.  Do not be fooled by the superheros and illustrations!  This is certainly the greatest piece of illustrated fiction written in the 20th century, but it will never get its due because of the stereotype as \\"just a comic book\\".  Regardless of whether or not you read comics, if you give this book a try you will not be dissapointed.<br /><br />The characters are as real as they get, very non-typical for comic book characters.  They grow and change throughout the book and they are not \\"4-color\\".  By that, I mean that very few of them are good or bad morally....  lots of shades of gray.  By this, I don't mean that every character is a punisher ripoff who blurs moral lines, but that the characters have genuine struggles with their own stiff moral codes.  This adds depth to the characters and it is one of the things that sets this apart from your typical comic.  Not only is the art very good, but it achieves lots of foreshadowing and there are things in the art you miss the first time you read but you notice on a reread.  This combination of foreshadowing in the story with foreshadowing through the art is something I have never seen duplicated before or since in comics.  There are whole websites devoted to finding the art foreshadowing, just google for it.  Great characters, character development, and use of this double foreshadowing make for a very emotional story which draws you in.<br /><br />There isn't much I can say about the plot without giving it away, which would do you a disservice.  Buy this book.  The story and characters will make a lasting impression on you.  The art and writing is unparalleled, and this is one of the great tales of the \\"superhero\\" genre (and i'm using that term broadly).
0316286850|5.0|Making Faces is a work of art, the most helpful makeup book I've come upon  yet, and is as well a fun read! I give this book to all my friends for  their birthday and we just can't have too much fun experimenting with his  methods, etc!
B00001U0DP|2.0|Set in the 1930s and '40s, &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; opens by claiming that the story it tells is a fable, and fittingly, the first half of this  film is light and entertaining.  Benigni captures the audience with  optimistic humour, and Chaplinesque physical comedy as he tries to romance  the woman of he has fallen in love with.  As the romance progresses we are  introduced to the theme that will dominate the second portion of the film:  antisemitism.  Benigni's character is Jew, and is sent to a concentration  camp; his wife joins him and their son, rather than let the family be  separated.  The (mis)representation of the concentration camp  (everyone's head was shaved; children were sent straight to the gas  chamber; no one was able to maintain a positive sense of humour [see Primo  Levi's book, &quot;the Drowned and the Saved&quot;]), which is obviously  meant to be Auschwitz, amount to a revision of the Holocaust intended to  make it a palatable and potentially humorous subject for the audience, but  which also effectively denies the horror and pain of that event.  This,  coupled with the film's opening claim that the story it portrays is &quot;a  fable&quot;, provide more ammunition for Holocaust deniers.  &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; is essentially the story of a man who  overcomes great adversity for the sake of his family -- a moralizing story  which is too weak to be told against the background of a fictionalization  of the Holocaust.
B0000203YT|2.0|Shakespeare in Love beat out both Saving Private Ryan, the best and most devastating war film ever made, and Life is Beautiful, a magnificent and  endearing motion picture about love and family, for the Best Picture award  in 1998.  Right now, I'm still wondering exactly what was on the Academy  Voters' minds when they chose this film.  <br />Shakespeare in Love isn't  terrible by any means and there are some amusing moments, but as a romantic  comedy, it's not particularly romantic or funny.  As a matter of fact, Life  is Beautiful (the film that Miramax should have spent their money  campaigning) is much better at both those elements than this film.  When it  comes to acting, Gwyneth Paltrow is okay but certainly not worthy of  winning an award.  What is there to like about the film?  A couple of funny  parts, Joseph Fiennes delivers a good performance, and the musical score  DID deserve that Oscar.<br />Well, time will certainly show that Saving  Private Ryan and Life is Beautiful will be the true classics.
B000002UAX|5.0|I rarely give 5 star reviews because I feel that 5th star needs to be  saved for those special albums, and the White Album more than qualifies for  that extra star. <br />My first listen didn't exactly blow me away though, the  songs seemed fragmented and there was no real flow to the album. But on  repeat listens, as I began to get more familiar with the Beatles' catalogue  and the individual band members' personalities, the magic of the White  Album came alive. The album is not great because of the individual songs as  much as the overall ambience of a group of four guys each writing/working  on songs seperately. The songs are all different and they're seemingly  slapped together, and this (oddly) works. The contrast between each song  actually adds to the flow. And this makes it integral that you listen to  the album as a whole all the way through. Trust me, the fragmentation  actually makes the album cohesive. And the songs are great to boot; Dear  Prudence is magic, and there are at least a dozen other songs here that are  in the classic category (Helter Skelter, Revolution 1, I'm So Tired, Back  In The USSR, While My Guitar Gently Weeps, just to name a few).<br />This is a  must buy. No rock collection is complete without this, really. Although  it's not as important as Revolver or Sgt. Pepper, I enjoy this immensely  more, and so do a lot of people. Don't hesitate getting this.
6304140711|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  I thought it wasn't your basic &quot;teen thriller&quot;, which usually has no plot or storyline.  Fear kept me on  the edge of my seat at all times and I was dying to see what happened next.   Although this movie is not one of the huge, widely-known blockbusters out  there, it's definately worth checking out!  Who knows, you might enjoy it!    This movie ROCKS!
B000002UDB|4.0|As you probably know, the first six tracks are from the Beatle movie and  the latter five are non-album singles from the era. And this makes Magical  Mystery Tour a rather strange listen; the first half (except for the title  track, maybe Fool On The Hill, and obviously I Am The Walrus) is basically  Beatles-by-numbers and feels like somewhat of a waste of time.<br />But the  second half is better than most bands' greatest hits compilations, and this  more than makes up for the (relative) filler on the first half. And this  makes for a very enjoyable listen.<br />Should you get it? Of course. Although  this isn't a proper album, I Am The Walrus, Strawberry Fields Forever, and  Penny Lane are unquestionably some of *the* best songs of all time; and  Hello Goodbye and All You Need Is Love are easily 5-star songs. If you have  the Blue Album though, you can easily skip this and not really miss a step  as 7 of these 11 tracks appear on there.
6304211740|3.0|I rented the movie and watched it many times.  Then, I ended up buying the movie sound-track.  <br />I definitely agree with those reviewers who thought  Franco Zeffirelli had picked badly to cast Wiiliam Hurt as Rochester.  Hurt  did not possess the dynamic charm of Rochester.  He was too excessive in  terms of Rochester's melancholic nature and lack of the explosive desire  that Rochester sometimes exercised in the book. I do not see how Hurt's  Rochester could be madly in love with Jane.  However, for the rest of the  cast, they did an excellent job and the Thornfield Hall situated in the  movie had the atmosphere of the book.<br />My gratitude in this review is  actually addressed to Alessio Vlad &amp; Claudio Capponi, who are the  composers of this movie sound-track.  Their music has given me the spirit  of Jane Eyre.  The composition of this sound-track matches perfectly to the  important plots of the book.  With some imagination and the help of this  beautiful music, I have my own Mr. Rochester and Jane Eyre in my mind for a  moment.  That is enough.
0790735431|4.0|In the half century since the conclusion of World War II, the stresses and mythology have  been lost from our collective memory.  We now know how  truly ineffective 'area bombing'  was in bringing the war to an end.  Hollywood, ignoring statistics, taught us to revere combat  men [sorry  ladies, the real war was fought by males] as superheroes.  The 'John  Waynes' of  this film type set a pattern not yet cast aside.  Memphis Belle  is one attempt to displace the  view of impossible heroics with a more  restrained experience of combat.  It's a low-key  presentation of the  contrasting personalities fitting into the intense roles combat imposes on  them.  Other critics may decry the 'Hollywood clich&eacute;s' inherent in making  any war film, but  the reality is that given a certain level of luck, only  certain combinations of crews made it  through the intensity of aerial  combat.<br />Flying combat is a special circumstance in war.  The combatants  are detached from the  grubby ground conflict until the opposing sides  contact.  The three dimensional arena where  no hiding place can be sought  was well presenting in this film.  A bombing squadron is much  like a  besieged city, open to attack from all sides.  Memphis Belle portrays  pretty well, given  the producers had but three operational aircraft to  present the condition.  It may be, as is  written elsewhere on this page,  that the actual Belle remains in sacrosanct condition.  To  portray a  single, unblemished, aircraft as typical of WWII air combat would be  misleading.  The historical inaccuracy over one aircraft may be overlooked  in presenting a clearer picture  of what the bombers experienced.  If you  need one, another inaccuracy exists: a Bf109 did cut  a B-17 nearly in two.  But that was in Libya, and the bomber survived!<br />Performances in this  film span a wide range.  Modine as the pompous, paternalistic pilot  seems,  in light of his later films, to be less acting and more like playing  himself.  At first he  seems wooden, but given his feeling for perfection:  'Let's make this our best mission yet'  reflects the attitude admirably.  David Strathairn's a sleeper in this one; if they'd made him  the pilot,  the film would really have gone Hollywood!  Of them all, John Lithgow's  support  role stands out as a real individual.  His 'letter reading' scene  with Strathairn points up the  whole purpose of the film.  Memphis Belle is  a good investment in obtaining some small  understanding of the tension of  the B-17 raids.  They were trying to do a job during what we  were all led  to believe was 'a great crusade'.At first he  seems wooden, but given his feeling for perfection:  'Let's make this our best mission yet'  reflects the attitude admirably.   David Strathairn's a sleeper in this one; if they'd made him  the pilot,  the film would really have gone Hollywood!  Of them all, John Lithgow's  support  role stands out as a real individual.  His 'letter reading' scene  with Strathairn points up the  whole purpose of the film.  Memphis Belle is  a good investment in obtaining some small  understanding of the tension of  the B-17 raids.  They were trying to do a job during what we  were all led  to believe was 'a great crusade'.
B000002KH3|5.0|This album is probably one of the greatest testimonies to hard rock ever  documented. If you have never heard this album, I can only apologize and  hope you will get it together soon.<br />The best work this band has done is  documented in a very easy fashion. The best starting at 1978 and a slow  steady fall to 1998. Although the ball really got rolling downhill after  1985.<br />Buy the albums in the order they were released from 1978-1984 and  after that, just stop. you will only dissapoint yourself.
B00000FCBC|4.0|This double CD album is perhaps one of the best albums Metallica has ever put out. Considering that they are re-releases of other rock groups earlier  works.  From the blasting &quot;Whiskey In The Jar&quot; to Metallica's  rockin version of Bob Seger's &quot;Turn The Page&quot; this album really  is worth keeping in your record collection. And for the price of about $25  it's all worth it.
B000002MUQ|1.0|If you like chinese water torture, I suggest you put this album on repeat.  If Ipecac doesnt work for you, I suggest you follow my instructions above.  If you are diabetic, stay away from this album because it has more sugar  than the Kool Aid man has in his belly.<br />I think the cover says it all. I  mean, that cover is deep and meaningful I think. This is probably one of  the most amazing album covers since the Who's Live At Leeds cover which is  a visual masterpiece, or maybe Spinal Taps Smell The Glove album, which has  more depth and meaning to it than this album could even dream to  have.<br />Anyway, buy this album immediately! You wont regret it!
B000003BEM|5.0|I've noticed that there is an unseemly amount of sniping between so-called  &quot;Beatles fans&quot; and so-called &quot;Stones fans,&quot; operating  under the misguided and ignorant assumption that if you like one band you  have to slam the other. Sorry, gang, but that is woefully wrong. In 1968  two fabuolous, legendary albums were released, *The Beatles* (aka &quot;The  White Album&quot;) and *Beggar's Banquet* by the Rolling Stones. Both  albums would represent the best of the late 60s and remain numbered among  the finest albums in rock history. I have both albums, and listen to them  with equal frequency and equal enjoyment. By and large, I regard myself a  Beatles fan, and when push comes to shove, it is the Beatles I choose as  the greatest ever. Even so, the Rolling Stones are definitely in their  league (along with The Who and about maybe a handful of other great bands),  and must be regarded as one rock's seminal bands - with The Beatles, The  Who, Led Zeppelin, and a few others. Listen to *Beggar's* and *White Album*  with an open mind, and enjoy two legendary forces in the formation and  expansion of rock. John Lennon himself said it when he compared the 60s to  a ship, and in the crow's nest,looking out at the horizon, were the Beatles  and their FRIENDS the Rolling Stones. As usual, Lennon sums it up better  than most - TOGETHER The Beatles and The Rolling Stones, helped by James  Brown, Dylan, Joplin and Hendrix, The Who, Cream and Zeppelin, The Doors  and Credence, re-created the whole of popular music, and for the better.  *Beggar's Banquet* is worthy of five stars, as is its contemporary, *The  Beatles*. Buy them both, open your minds and, and learn something about art  and rock-and-roll. Peace and love.
B000002LPD|1.0|Im so sorry you bought this album. If you want, I can come over to your  house and slap you if you want. Just drop me a line.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Yesterday, I saw Savage Garden in concert and all I can say is that they  are amazing!  I mean I loved Savage Garden before but now... All I can say  is I haven't stopped listening to both of their Cd's since I found out I  was going to their concert.  Anyway Affirmation is definately an awesome  Cd.  The title track has taught me more about life than I could ever know  and I think almost everyone can relate to Hold Me.  I Knew I Loved You is  such a passionate song about fate and when they sang it at the concert last  night it brought tears to my eyes.  Crash and Burn is a wonderful song  about being there for someone and even though I've heard it a million times  I still haven't gotten sick of it.  Chained to You is definately one of  their cooler songs and when they sang it at the concert it was so cool.   Darren did this dance with his backup singers and it was really neat.   Definately a highlight of the concert.  The Animal song is one of their  best songs and The Lover After Me took a while to get used to but now it's  all I listen to.  My favorite song on the album though is Two Beds and a  Coffee Machine.  I don't know if it's a true story but the way Darren sings  it is truly amazing.  Anyway if you haven't bought this Cd yet you  definatly should.  Oh and one more thing.  Daniel has the perfect smile and  he should smile more often.  When he smiled at the concert I don't think I  was the only one who swooned. And his smile is one of the best things about  him.
6305971293|3.0|Just so you know the LE will come with the tin case and a booklet, other than that the 2 DVDs are the same thing.  The LE contains the indentical  disc the other version has in it.  I personally ordered the normal version  because they're hard to fit in with the rest of the set.  I just wanted to  let everyone know that they are the same disc so don't be fooled and order  the LE for more money if you don't care about the tin case and booklet.
0312243022|5.0|If I had nearly half the genious of Michael Cunningham, this would be the  book I would choose to leave as my writing legacy.  He nailed it!  And it  blows me away that a male writer could so beautifully and accurately depict  the inner workings of women's hearts and souls.  It is not the plot that  will propel you forward -- in fact, I wouldn't say I was  &quot;propelled&quot;; but rather I was carried along on an undulatingly  beautiful current.  Take your time with it.  It is the writing and the  depth of character that kept me engrossed.  As far as the plot, it was not  predictable to me; and that was something much appreciated!
1860468004|4.0|I read Norwegian Wood years ago when the English language version was  first published in Japan, and even today I can't hear the Beatles song  without drifting back into the nostalgia of this book.  I hear the song and  suddenly I'm on a plane thinking back on college days, and thinking of the  pain and love of the tough relationship between the Toru and Naoko, the  book's two main characters.  I've read other books by Haruki Murakami since  then, which I enjoyed, but none of them gripped me, or stuck with me, like  Norwegian Wood.
B000006E4C|3.0|If I had to cite one piece of music that stood out as monumental landmark  in the music somewhat problematically known as &quot;minimalism&quot;, then  Reich's 'Music for 18 Musicians' would be it.  A beautiful, lush,  shimmering piece which sounds as fresh now as it did when it was written  about 25 years ago.  The experience of listening to this piece never seems  to diminish, even with frequent listenings.  <br />That said, the Nonesuch  recording overall isn't nearly as well-balanced as the original ECM one.   The all-important bass clarinets have been mixed lower.  The Nonesuch  recording also introduces index points for easy access to sections of the  pieces, but the only way to  really experience this piece is from start to  finish, without a break.  <br />In short, I would recommend the ECM recording  over this one for overall sound.  (It also has a beautifully apt cover  design, featuring artwork by Reich's wife, Beryl Korot).
0375707972|2.0|I did not enjoy reading this novel. I would not have even picked up this  book except for the fact that I am involved in a book club and this is what  we were reading that week. Only a couple of us from the book club, enjoyed  The Reader. The rest of us despised the character Hanna and felt that  Michael was a very confused and simplistic character. The novel didn't seem  to have purpose. I will admit though, that I am only a teenager and I think  I will enjoy The Reader much more if I read it again in about fifteen to  twenty years. I didn't enjoy reading this book, but I definitely understood  it a lot better after I had finished reading it and I was looking back on  the novel. If you are reading this book, you should finish it and then  think back on what happened in it and what this novel was truly about. The  Reader is more appealing in the past than in the present.
6305657947|5.0|This movie is fast paced; with alot of camera angles.  Cleaver dialogue between Thomas Crown and Catherine Banning are the hallmark of the picture.   A lot of good action and adventure are in each scene as the romance grows,  a stuggle for truth and study of human nature is the focus of movie's  climax.  Great musical scores accent each scene and adds to the touch and  feel of the movie. You will see it again and again to get a fuller  appreciation on the movie's scenes, music and acting. Bold and very well  done!<br />You cannot loose in buying this movie for your collect especially  if you like Rene and Pierce.
B00000DFRS|4.0|This album is Whitney as Whitney!  She is amazing, her voice is the best,  the songs are great.....  I got this last Christmas and it was a great  album that was totally uplifting.
6303303463|3.0|The concert Queen did at Wembley in 1986 during the &quot;Magic Tour&quot;, just after the release of the album &quot;A Kind Of Magic&quot;  in the same years, marks one of their greatest moments ever.  (Nothing  would top them at the &quot;Live Aid&quot; in 1985 though)<br />It's too bad  that so many great songs like &quot;Tear It Up&quot;,        &quot;  Brighton Rock&quot;, &quot;Now I'm Here&quot; and &quot;Love Of My  Life&quot; were cut out from the video.  It's really worth buying the  double album &quot;Live At Wembley '86&quot; too.  All songs featured in  the concert are on the album.  Frieddie talks much more about the so-called  &quot;Break-Up roomers about the certain band called Queen&quot; on the  album than on the video.<br />It's a great video too.  Brian puts much more  beat into his guitar and it's play faster on &quot;One Vision&quot; than  the studio cut.  &quot;A Kind Of Magic&quot; and &quot;I Want To Break  Free&quot; also has much guitar on it, than only the bass, also like the  studio cuts.<br />If you're a big fan of Queen, get this video NOW!  It's  really a kind of magic!
0425152251|1.0|This is possibly the worst &quot;novel&quot; I have EVER read! It's more  like a textbook about the history of philosophy, but with an increadibly  weak attempt at a plot. The subtitle is very deceiving. As for the  writing--terrible! There were several incomplete sentences. I could  definitely not call this &quot;literature&quot;. When it was not boring,  the whole book was just strange. The odd twist at the end was definitely  not a satisfactory close. Don't waist your money on this piece of junk! If  you want a lesson in philosophy, just buy a textbook-it would probably be  more interesting.
B000006CCG|5.0|This CD must be considered up there with say Kiss Alive in terms of a set  of tunes that captures a spirit or vibe of an era of Shock Rock.In this  case early eighties rebirth of glam/psycho rawk. The second thing you  notice is Blackie's Everly Brothers twin harmonies vocal stylings. Now  don't get me wrong here...we are talking in a strictly Noddie Holder meets  Gene Simmons sense ,but used to very good effect. Where does this set of  tunes sit on a musical landscape.....? Well try  big rousing angry full  chorused party anthem chest beating perversities! There how did I do? From  the opening track &quot;I Wanna Be Somebody&quot; with its time old 'I'll  proove you all wrong just wait and see' attitude we are off to a flying  start. Hot on its heels comes the slower but almost radio friendly (almost)  &quot;L.O.V.E Machine&quot; with really corny lyrics (read fantastic).  Infact disecting every song here on offer is rather pointless cause really  they are all really strong just at varying degrees...together they gell  into a monstrous slab of tongue in cheek outrage! The image was great, the  stage show was great...but most importantly for perhaps the first and last  time in W.A.S.P's lengthy career to come, the songs were all great too!
B000002J0P|5.0|It's been a lot of years from the first time I listened Sweet Judy Blue  Eyes, but I can remember it as it were right now. I was very young and an  old radio was working, suddenly some guitars chords and three voices  singing. It was a first sight love. Right until now and forever.
0875845851|4.0|1.  I enjoyed the book and its premise.  The book's major premise was  shocking in its implications (ie. that it is the companies that are doing  everything &quot;right&quot; and &quot;by the book&quot; that are the  companies most susceptible to destruction from emerging disruptive  technologies).  However,I never did understand Christensen's  &quot;leap&quot; in Chapter 8 when he asserted that &quot;Historically,  when this performance oversupply occurs, it creates an opportunity for a  disruptive technology to emerge and subsequently to invade established  markets from below&quot;.  Try as I might, I was unable to find any  documentation or rational explanation for this blanket assertion of his.   Up to that point in the book, I was hanging on by my fingernails, but this  hypothesis left me questioning its underlying basis.  I'm certain that I  just missed the rationale for this assertion.  However, this brings me to  my second point:<br />2.  Why is it that professors have to write in rambling  compound sentences.  Many was the time that I had to repeatedly re-read  approximately 80% of his book as I struggled with context, syntax and just  plainly poor grammar.  What ever happened to simple sentences?  The  above-quoted sentence (of Christensen)was one of the shortest and clearest  sentences in the book!!  The subject matter in the book was striking in its  implications; it deserved to be more clearly and simply described.<br />3.  If  truth be told, I felt that the 211 page book, as a conveyer of information,  could have been about 150 pages shorter.  As a scholarly work and a  doctoral dissertaion, I can understand the formality involved in the  writing.  However, such writing did not make the book any easier to read  and understand.  It was shear torture....and the charts and graphs--ENOUGH  ALREADY!!!
B000002H33|5.0|This is Metallica's best album. Plain and simple. Everything they learned from a technical standpoint from &quot;Ride The Lightning,&quot; combined  with the raw energy from &quot;Kill 'Em All,&quot; provided the power for  not only the best Metallica album, but from all the metal / thrash discs  released in the 1980s, and argueably, the best metal album ever.<br />That may  seem like a lot of &quot;bests,&quot; but in this case, one cannot use the  word enough. One can only speculate just how much of an influence bassist  Cliff Burton might have had, had he lived. All you have to do is listen to  &quot;Orion&quot; to realize the genius he had, and think how it would  sound with a symphony backing it (something that disappointed me when I  opened the &quot;S&amp;M&quot; album and discovered &quot;Orion&quot; was  not on the album), to say nothing of how things &quot;might have been, had  Cliff not died-&quot; would the Loads have been released? Would Bob Rock  have ever entered the picture?<br />Be that as it may, Metallica's greatest  work is definitely worth listening to, owning, and enjoying.
B000002VTE|3.0|an intriguing affair, one of the best-produced and most emotionally fluent albums of the 1990's. spiritualized emerge as likely the best group of their era, although they would peak later with 'let it come down.' <br />many of the tracks are little gems, including the understated and moving 'broken heart', the delightful doo-wop/gospel amalgam 'cool waves', and the title track, which is based on pachelbel's 'canon'. the rockers are not bad but largely interchangeable; the best thereof is 'come together'.<br />the album drags a bit in its midsection with a suite of underwritten two-chord noise-pop numbers; and its denouement, a wildly indulgent 'free-jazz' tune featuring doctor john (!) is either inspired postmodern songcraft or insultingly overbaked. perhaps both, and that appraisal might be the most appropriate one for this whole album.<br />jason pierce's sense of popcraft is not as developed here as it would eventually become, but the highlights are some of the best studio-crafted material of the last twenty years or so.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Welcome back Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith!<br />While I know Blaze Bayley  (sp?) and Paul Di'Anno have their fans, Iron Maiden just ain't Iron Maiden  without Bruce Dickinson. Plus, with the return of guitarist Adrian Smith,  the lineup is a little crowded (is Janick Gers, though a good guitarist,  really necessary?), but the lineup still makes for a great album with  classic Maiden sound.<br />The title track as well as the first radio release,  &quot;Wicker Man&quot; definitely are reminiscent of a style not heard  since &quot;Powerslave,&quot; but others like &quot;Ghost of the  Navigator&quot; and &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; harken back to some of the  more metaphysical songs of old, such as &quot;Rime of the Ancient  Mariner&quot; and &quot;Heaven Can Wait.&quot;<br />Definitely an album to add  to the metal collection, in an era where true metal is becoming difficult  to find, and rap / metal hybrid (insert four-letter &quot;S&quot; word  synonymous with human excrement here) is all the rage.
B0000027DJ|1.0|Sorry this album has to be one of Alices worst ever... It's far too long  for its content, the ballads are corny, and the rockers are limp....O.k  Wind Up Toy could have been a cooper classick if it had appeared on Welcome  to My Nightmare.But here, at the end of such a dire album, it's a wonder if  anyone listened long enough to hear it.. Alice thinks this albums Classy!!  then and again he thought that of the Poison video and that was tacky too.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I've always loved concert version songs of any artists.  Singers tend to depart from their usual repertoire.  I think Sarah is one of the most  talented artist of this generation simply because of her original lyrics,  which can be very haunting and mesmerizing.  This CD gets better the more I  listen to it.  It is a representation of Sarah at her best.
B000002J09|5.0|Five years ago I was going through my fathers old lps and was intrigued by  the album cover. I put it on my fathers record player and was in utter  disbelief at what I was listening to. This was when i finally discovered  led zeppelin for myself. Now I'm a 22 year old Zeppelin Maniac. All these  songs are classics. From the headpounding Rock and Roll to the killer riff  of When the Levee Breaks. This is the classic of classic albums. If you  love Rock music theres no way you won't love this album. Get it and pound  it out on your stereo system over and over like i know you will.
B000002TQV|5.0|The Bends, Radiohead's second album, is aguably the best. Full of beautiful melodies , melancholic lyrics, and awesome sound this album rocks  (perhaps rocks isn't the best word for music of this genre). After pressure  to record an album to follow Pablo Honey the has come up tops. The entire  album is full of songs of the same calibre as &quot;Creep&quot; from Pablo  Honey.<br />My favourite song on the CD is &quot;fake plastic trees&quot; and  one of my favourite radiohead songs of all time. A simple sounding song  (guitar and vocals) it textures up with keyboard, drums, and a heavy guitar  being added.<br />The thing that is so great about radiohead's music is the  fact that they are willing to (and do) go where other bands before them  haven't. The result is excellent listening that will be remembered for  years to come. BUY BUY BUY!
0767800958|1.0|A really boring film, a rare exemple of presumption. Sally Potter dancing tango reminds of Vanessa Redgrave's Isadora Duncan, all elbows and knees.  If you love tango, you'll avoid it.
B000002UR7|4.0|Radiohead, undoubtedly one of todays most popular bands today, made a huge  impression with their first album. As OK Computer was my first radiohead  album, I found it interesting to see how the bands music has changed over 3  albums and 5 or so years. Best song the album is definitely  &quot;Creep&quot; which seems different qualities not present in the other  songs. The music is quite traditional rock (guitar, bass and drums) with  little mixing but crative guitar playing is present for example the fast  &quot;hits&quot; on the 2nd guitar before the chorus of &quot;Creep&quot;.  Other good songs include &quot;Anyone can play guitar&quot; with its  carefree lyrics and &quot;Thinking about you&quot;.<br />For a first Radiohead  album I wouldn't recommend this album, try The Bends, or OK Computer, but  for a dedicated radiohead fan interested in the roots of this great band  definitely.
6305537798|5.0|Why, oh why does 10 things captivate me so?  The plot's turn-by-turn predictable, appearing in &quot;She's All That&quot; the same year.  The  high school is like no high school I've ever seen, and the plot has holes  you could drive a mac truck through.  So why has it taken up permanent  residence in my DVD player?<br />First, the main players have some sparkle and  bite to them.  Heath Ledger makes a great rebel type, and Julia Stiles  plays a heroine with attitude to spare.  A great deal of actual acting is  required from her, and she rises to the task.<br />Secondly, the adults in the  movie are well cast, for a welcome change.  Larry Miller is hilarious as a  paranoid father, and Allison Janney shines as a dirty-minded guidance  counselor.  Both are as good as Eugene Levy's K.O. as the father in  American Pie.<br />Finally, the script.  The plot's a bore, but the dialog is  sharp and believable.  Julia Stiles' &quot;shrew&quot; gets plenty of  zingers, but there's enough for everyone to have one or two.<br />Forget the  negatives, folks, and surrender to the charisma.  Great actors, excellent  dialog, funny and charming; If the first digit of your age is lower than 3,  you'll love this movie.
6305609691|5.0|Claiming that Francis Ford Coppola's &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is the greatest movie ever would seem to be a bold statement to anyone not  acquanted with the movie. But believe me, once you watch this movie, your  life will never be the same. Sure, a movie probably won't change your life  as much as say, reading &quot;Les Miserables&quot;, or &quot;For Whom the  Bell Tolls&quot;, but it will definitely make an impression on you at the  very least.<br />I would definitely enjoy giving a description of the movie's  plot, and principal protagonist, and antagonist, but that would spoil what  would be a magnificent movie. I think the cast, director, and soundtrack  should indicate &quot;why&quot; this movie is great. The movie stars Martin  Sheen, Laurence Fishburne, Harrison Ford, Dennis Hopper, Robert Duvall and  the legendary Marlon Brando(of course you didn't forget Vito Corleone[AKA  the Godfather], did you?). In addition, it is directed by Francis Ford  Coppola, the director of the Godfather Trilogy, and many other excellent  movies. And the soundtrack is composed by Carmine Coppola, and features Jim  Morrison's &quot;The End&quot;(a rendition of &quot;The End&quot; that will  almost certainly leave a &quot;lasting impression&quot;!). Simultaneously,  the fact that it was nominated for eight Academy Awards, should almost  certainly speak for itself. To conclude, if you only have the opportunity  to purchase one DVD or VHS, I would highly recommend that you purchase  &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot;, it is easily the most remarkable movie that I  have ever seen, and believe me, I have seen an abundance of movies.
B00000K19E|2.0|I went to see this movie with very high expectations, and found it failed to live up to most of the hype.  The fan hysteria over this flick is  completely incomprehensible to me -- I don't understand why this  outperformed the comparable Pitch Black or the superior Dark  City.<br />Although there were some pretty computer effects and some exciting  fight sequences, the movie wore out its welcome quickly.  How many  explosions/actors fighting in flight harnesses/slow-mo gunplay does one  movie need?  <br />The plot and the visuals are recycled from better movies --  Blade Runner, Akira, Alien, even old Star Trek.  This movie doesn't have an  original thought in it -- it's just a blended puree of Anime, Kung Fu  movies, and old sci-fi.  I always giggle when I read about the &quot;deep  allegory&quot; of the film.  It's just a little Christ-figure with a little  Eastern Philosophy, and it serves as no more than window-dressing to an  essentially mindless movie.<br />The weakest link by far is Keanu Reeves in  the lead role.  He has all the charisma and acting talent of a piece of  celery.  He's also got the wrong build for a hero -- when he starts  martial-arts posing he looks like a 98-pound weakling flexing in front of a  mirror.  I found myself laughing through most of his &quot;serious&quot;  scenes.<br />Maybe the rabid fandom for this mediocre movie pushes me from  indifference to dislike, but the more people gush about this flick, the  less I like it.  It plays like some corporation's idea of cool, a  calculated attempt to make teens go &quot;Wow.&quot;  For that reason, it  occupies the same entertainment strata as N'Sync and Britney Spears.
630460291X|4.0|I have always been a fan of the medieval era and also of fighting in the name of honor and virtue.  So, naturally I have always loved this film.  My  rating of 4 however needs a little explanation.  I would give the film  itself a 5!, however the DVD deserves only a 3.  The film could not  possibly be any better, but perhaps becuase it was one of the first few  DVDs encoded - the art was not down to a science yet.  My biggest complaint  is that the DVD has to be flipped over halfway through the 2 hour movie.   However, some of the extra features are nice.  There is some background  information about the places and time of the film and some information  about the legend that it is based on.  But, these added features are just  glimpses into what they could have been had the DVD been released at a  later date when the technology.  Still, these small technical details  should not deter anyone from enjoying this wonderful film.
0446604844|2.0|baldacci is a masterful storyteller; but this, his second book,belies the  fact.overly long,tedious and desultory.heroine escapes death more often  than the cartoon coyote survives  mishaps.skipping over this one to his  subsequent works is highly recommended.
B00003CXCS|5.0|&quot;The Sound of Music&quot; has always been a wonderful movie for children and adults alike.  The re-issue of this classic film on DVD makes  it a masterpiece.  The entire film has been digitally remastered for both  the audio quality and picture quality.  It makes for a beautiful edition  and should become a member of everyone's home library. <br />The first disc  contains the original film in widescreen format to give the perspective of  the 70mm film that the movie was originally shot in - the way it was meant  to be!  The second disc contains LOTS of information about the film,  including audio commentaries and documentaries about the making of the  film.  In addition there are sections that contain a large amount of  background information on Maria and Georg von Trapp - before and after what  is shown in the film.
B000002UAR|5.0|For years, critics have turned to this album's  successor,&quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot;,as the Greatest Album Of Rock And Roll.  But to me, &quot;REVOLVER&quot; IS THE GREATEST ROCK AND ROLL ALBUM.This  album took The Beatles to another level in music.The song  writing,especially George Harrison's,improved.The Beatles started traveling  away from their 'Mop Top' image with songs like &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;,  &quot;She Said,She Said&quot;,and &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; The  album has multiple styles of Rock  and Roll. Funky rock,  a sad and lonely  style,a feel good style, indian oriented style, silly fun, mellow and  groovy, eerie and frightening, and lost and disoriented. There aren't any  weak songs. All this mixed into one plus the great album cover make this  the Greatest Rock Album. A great album from a great band. A perfect record.
0140187537|5.0|The moral decline of the nation is reflected in the inner struggle of Ethan Allen Hawley, resident of New Baytown, a sleepy New England town  about to expand its tourist industry. Ethan, who lives in a house built by  his forefathers, is a clerk in a store once owned by them. He has not lived  up to the family fortune and promise, as a descendant of pilgrims, pirates  and whaling captains. It seems as if he has found a sort of contentment, is  in love with his wife, loving towards his two kids and spouting sermons to  the canned goods in the early morning. &quot;A reflected cathedral light  filled the store, a diffused cathedral light like that of Chartres. Ethan  paused to admire it, the organ pipes of canned tomatoes, the chapels of  mustard and olives, the hundred oval tombs of sardines.&quot; He has the  Place as well, an escape where he can be alone and take stock. And he needs  to take stock, because the pressures of others-- his family, the town  banker who is plotting for the overthrow of the local government, and the  town fortune-teller and promiscuous divorcee, Mrs. Margie Young-Hunt who  has her designs on him as a &quot;back-up plan&quot; of sorts -- they all  want him to desire more for himself. They want him to reclaim his family's  fortunes, to pursue money and rise in position. Marullo, the owner of the  store, tells him how business really works: &quot;'Business is money. Money  is not friendly. Kid, maybe you too friendly--too nice. Money is not nice.  Money got no friends but more money.'&quot; Within the same day, Ethan  resists a bribe by a traveling salesman to switch his meat vendor and take  a kickback, being told that &quot;everyone does it.&quot; Even his friend  Danny Taylor, who is now the town drunk, holds himself in higher regard  than Ethan because of his lowly position as store clerk.<br />Between Good  Friday and Easter Sunday, a plan begins to form in Ethan's mind to change  his situation and the vague outline of it is slowly revealed to the reader.  He wonders if he can have a short moral lapse, set the rules so ingrained  in his being aside for a short time for a large, temporary gain.  Will he  be able to carry out the plan?  Will he be able to live with himself  afterward?<br />Steinbeck's characters are interesting and memorable. Joey  Morphy, aptly known as the Morph, turns into what he needs to be, often  saying things he suspiciously &quot;heard from a friend.&quot; Then there  is Margie Young-Hunt, who is indeed a hunter. She sets a bit of a trap for  Ethan, who never trusted her despite her being close to his wife. He calls  her a witch, and by the end of the book, I did wonder if she had cast a  spell over him. Ethan's grandfather, Cap'n, has long since passed away, but  to him Ethan still loudly recites the rigging of the ships in the harbor.  He is also haunted by Aunt Deborah, whose moral fiber runs deeply ingrained  in her nephew.<br />This is a very different Steinbeck than Of Mice and Men or  Grapes of Wrath.  It is rich in its use of dialogue, with both interior and  exterior conversations.  This book is superbly written, complex yet a  &quot;page-turner&quot; in its suspense. It is clear why it is considered  an American classic.ealed to the reader.  He wonders if he can have a short moral lapse, set the rules so ingrained  in his being aside for a short time for a large, temporary gain.  Will he  be able to carry out the plan?  Will he be able to live with himself  afterward?<br />Steinbeck's characters are interesting and memorable. Joey  Morphy, aptly known as the Morph, turns into what he needs to be, often  saying things he suspiciously &quot;heard from a friend.&quot; Then there  is Margie Young-Hunt, who is indeed a hunter. She sets a bit of a trap for  Ethan, who never trusted her despite her being close to his wife. He calls  her a witch, and by the end of the book, I did wonder if she had cast a  spell over him. Ethan's grandfather, Cap'n, has long since passed away, but  to him Ethan still loudly recites the rigging of the ships in the harbor.  He is also haunted by Aunt Deborah, whose moral fiber runs deeply ingrained  in her nephew.<br />This is a very different Steinbeck than Of Mice and Men or  Grapes of Wrath.  It is rich in its use of dialogue, with both interior and  exterior conversations.  This book is superbly written, complex yet a  &quot;page-turner&quot; in its suspense. It is clear why it is considered  an American classic.
B000002UJQ|5.0|..yeah, dat's right. While OK Computer is a somewhat dark (but never  desolate), oppressive work of music, it's also beautiful, thought-provoking  and epic in scope. From the almost-familiar opening bars of Airbag all the  way to the final ringing bell of The Tourist, Radiohead weave an intensly  real and immersive peice of art, suceeding greatly at creating a concept  album with no plot; a thematic album with virtually no limit to its scope.  People who claim the album is &quot;dark and scary&quot; totally missed the  point. The goal of OK Computer is not to horrify the listener, but to  instill remorse for the decay and dehuminazation of society. Each song  tells a different tale for a different person, slowly weaving together a  sonic tapestry which emulates current society right down to a T. While it  may take a few listens to really appreciate (and it's better when listened  to in one sitting), the payoff is ultimately more rewarding then, say,  their first album Pablo Honey. Both retro and visionary, OK Computer is a  treat for both the ears and the mind. Highlights are the three part epic  Paranoid Android, the sad ballad No Surprises, and the moving Let Down.
B00003CWNR|5.0|I thought this movie was great. The acting was good by everyone, the scenery was beautiful and it had a good story. There were only two parts  that I didn't like:<br />1: &quot;Goodnight, you princes of Maine, you kings  of New England.&quot; That got annoying VERY quickly.<br />2: The title. Why  would someone name a movie after a list of rules nailed to a doorframe in a  cider house?
0152023984|5.0|Ever since this wonderful little fable was first published half a century ago, it has been winning the hearts of its readers. I first had to read The  Little Prince in my high school french class...it was the first real French  text that I had ever read. I fell in love with its poignant messages, the  tender innocence...so many things make this book unbelievably rich. This  book can be read at many levels and will be enjoyed by children as well as  adults. If only we had that speacial secret in our hearts and minds:  &quot;On ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les  yeux.&quot;
B00003CWL6|3.0|This movie is secretly Zen and more profound than most critics ever noticed.  If you can see beyond it's surface to the REAL story underneath,  you will not only be thoroughly entertained, but perhaps even slightly  changed.
6300214435|5.0|This Indiana movie is terriffic, especially for a sequal.  Like the first movie, Indiana is set forth on an adventure to search for lost artifact.   But unlike the 1st movie, this has no connection at all with the Nazis and  takes place in a dark underground world where children are slaves and  humans are sacrificed to a god.  The action scenes are wonderful, my  favorite including the fight between Indiana and the big dude, and the  &quot;roller coaster-like&quot; experience.  The beginning of the movie is  wonderful too in the ObiWan night club with the huge fight scene.   I don't  like this one quite as much as the 1st, but it sure comes very close.
0060194995|5.0|As a present to myself, I reread this book once a year.  It is a timeless  novel, with too much truth to it. <br />It also saddens me to know that there  are still people in this world who hate others simply because their skin is  a different color, or they may have differences in beliefs, atittudes, ad  naseum.  The hate crimes we keep reading about in the papers show we  haven't come a long way.<br />I only lament that I didn't first read this book  until I went to college and started reading it in a speed reading class.   HA!  There is no way you can read this book in a speedy manner.  It needs  to be savored slowly and revisited to fully appreciate the story.<br />I also  gave a speech on Ms. Harper's book in class as part of an assignment to  sell something.  Even students who didn't like reading were willing to take  a chance on it, and thanked me later.<br />I just wish Ms. Harper had written  other novels.  Not sequels, of course.  It would be impossible to write  another book about the Finches, or their world.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is it.  T2 in the way it should only be seen.  The full length, anamorphic transfer and a cracking DTS soundtrack.<br />Having only had my DTS  amp for 3 weeks, this was my first real test of it (the DTS Jaws doesn't  really count, I think).  Ooooh my God!  Every viewer with a decent sound  system raves about the bass when the terminator stomps on the skull on the  opening.  I thought they were exaggerating...until now.  I defy you not to  wince as metal meets bone.  Another friendly robotic chap turns and fires  at the camera, the resulting blasts ripping their way though your rear  speakers.<br />The picture is very good, but it seems a little rough around  the edges.  It is worth noting that these are the same guys that brought  you the dreaded Stargate special edition DVD.  When compared to the  original theatrical version released a few years ago, the new disc runs a  fairly clear-cut second.<br />I've always had my doubts about the  much-heralded 'branching' system for multiple versions of storyline, but T2  proves that is most certainly is absolutely flawless.  Layer-changes seem  clunky and clumsy by comparison.<br />The extras are stunningly presented,  combining into one long film school class.  Why shell out thousands a year  when you can pick this up for a few bucks and have James Cameron as your  tutor?<br />Overall, a total must-have.  Dynamite sound (pick out some choice  gun-shots, play at high volume at night and watch with glee as the long arm  of the law answer reports of gunshots in the area.  On second thoughts,  maybe not), good picture and all wrapped up in a limited metal  slipcase.<br />I'm not complaining about their definition of metal, but let's  just say if the T-1000 had been made of the same stuff, it would have been  a much shorter movie...
B000007ODM|5.0|I first heard this gem of a CD whilst entering the Mercure Hotel in Paris (9eme Arrondissement)in December 1999. I asked the receptionist what it was  and 1 hour later I bought it from FNAC in Paris. It is compulsive  listening and suitable for all ears. My wife likes it my son likes it and  so does my daughter. Many friends have become converts. A friend of mine  was in Paris last week and told me that ERA 2 has now been released. He  managed to obtain a copy  and it is equally good. Unfortunately, it is not  readily available in England or in France and I have therefore resorted  back....
B000002NHN|5.0|I don't have the CD to &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot; but nonetheless,  the tape is awesome!  Personally I love &quot;The Highwayman.&quot;  The  intensity of the music drives my mind to new levels!  The reason I listened  to the tape at first was for &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot;, but when I  heard &quot;The Highwayman&quot; I knew that was my song!  If anybody has  doubts whatsoever about buying this track, take my word on it - this is  undoubtedly the best celtic the world has to offer, and Loreena McKennitt  is the best the world has to offer to sing it!
6305335745|4.0|A young boy's comic contains five E.C. horror-like tales written by Stephen King (who stars in the second story,) and directed by George A.  Romeo (of the LIVING DEAD trilogy.)<br />A man pays a visit to his family on  Father's Day from beyond the grave...<br />A farmer finds a meteorite that,  when broken, spews fourth strange moss that grows on everything, including  his own flesh...<br />A man and his lover seek revenge on her husband AFTER  he's murdered them...<br />A mysterious crate found in a college basement is  labeled, &quot;DANGER: DO NOT OPEN.&quot; You're about to find out  why...<br />A billionare with a horrible fear of germs and insects finds his  penthouse infested with nine hundread QUADRILLION coachroaches!<br />With a  few surreal animated sequences thrown in for good measure, CREEPSHOW is one  horror film you won't soon forget.
B00004Y7GG|5.0|This is the best version ever of Jane Eyre (In my opinion, of course). I have read the book many times, as well as viewed other versions (1944 with  Welles &amp; Fontaine, 1983 with Timothy Dalton, 1996 with William Hurt,  and a BBC version shown on A&amp;E). The acting is wonderful - a must see  for Bronte fans!
B00000JCB2|5.0|When I first purchased Signifignt Other in July 1999.  I was turned off at  first, but once I listened to the whole thing I was hooked.  I still  constantly listen to it (it has the more rotation than any other cd I own)  and it's actually about the only other cd that has been that way since  Nirvana's Nevermind.  Even though other people want to be critical about  how there is too much hip-hop in Limp Bizkit's music.   I just want to  bring across how much it does not matter what genre Limp Bizkit falls  under, they are outstanding artists that put on a killer show even when  it's free.
078062999X|5.0|You may not like all of this film, but it's impossible not to find parts of it brilliant.  Never, in any other stage or film version have I seen the  truth of the ending:  Fortinbras doesn't suddenly arrive because he's  taking a stroll through Denmark, he's there to gobble it up.  He seems  almost disappointed that on his arrival everyone's already dead. I liked,  too, Hamlet's sudden change from inaction to action as he does an Errol  Flynn and swings from the chandelier, thus killing Claudius with dagger,  poison, and lighting fixture.<br />The setting too is brilliant:  the mirrored  labyrinths of the castle reflect a labyrinthine world, while the chessboard  flooring of the throne room reminds us of the endless and ongoing political  game.<br />As for the cast, well, Derek Jacobi steals the show as far as I'm  concerned (Branagh spends just a little too much time out-Oliviering  Olivier and checking his look in the mirrors).  Kate Winslet frightens as  the mad Ophelia.  Julie Christie convinces as the queen (what along way  from *Shampoo* she's come).  Horatio had a depth I've never seen.   And  Jack Lemmon turns in a once-in-a-lifetime performance:  he is so bad, so  truly terrible, so out of tune with the world of Hamlet, so unable to speak  his lines in any kind of convincing way, that he is not to be  missed.<br />This is a great film, well worth owning.  It takes chances and  (except for poor Mr. Lemmon) gets away with them; it is not afraid to be  brilliant.
B000002INR|5.0|Okay people, this isn't poseur metal---this is the real deal.  Sebastian's  voice is in prime form here; especially on &quot;I Remember You&quot;.   It's too bad the next 2 Skid Row CD's weren't as good as this classic.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I love this new Cd. My favorite song, &quot;All around the world&quot; has  the same sound and beat as &quot;Fire&quot; off of the Mother's Milk Cd.  You probably have heard &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;, &quot;Otherside&quot;, and  &quot;Californication&quot;. All are great songs that seem to sound a  little more on the side of rock than their other Cds. Also one of my  favorites, &quot;Get on Top&quot;, is capable of makin you're body move to  the up-tempo beat. I love this Cd. It is great and I assure you that you  will like it whoever you are.
B0000009SE|5.0|A fantastic album with top notch production and perfect performances of a  really original spin of old big band stuff. This is not rock. Some mighty  good horn arrangements and very unique timbres. Enjoy.
0800139151|5.0|Let me make sure I understand...a shoot-out 'tournament' with an old-west setting....why didn't someone think of this before?<br /><br />This is just a great  flick to watch. It's 10% 'camp', and 90% action. Gene Hackman is the only  legitimate highly-skilled actor in the action, but the script is so good it  makes even Sharon Stone and Leonardo deCaprio look good in thier roles.  Gary Sinese and Russell Crowe are great, though Sinese's role is  minor.<br /><br />The zooming cinematography, and the sub-theme of a little girl  traumatized keep the plot on the roll! Killing is done with little or no  thought to the value of human life, so screen the kids. DeCaprio's death  scene will wrench the heart of every teenage girl.<br /><br />The film is strange at  times, and the performances are nearly as methodical as characters from  Batman, but it all works. Good does triumph, and there is enough explosion  at the conclusion to satisfy the hard-core sensation freaks, so the hour  and a half never drags.<br /><br />I liked this film--even if the plot is as  unbelieveable as the fact that Sharon Stone has a great performance!
B0000029LG|4.0|From the first moment you put in the second cd to this great bundled set,  you hear the loud, shock synthesizer beats that start, &quot;Scream&quot; -  you know this is going to be a powerful, almost mean album.  Through peaks  and valleys of emotions, the second cd delivers to the hype that was given  to the album.  &quot;Stranger In Moscow&quot; is a great, horrifying tale  of loneliness; &quot;You Are Not Alone&quot;, an R. Kelly written ballad,  is extremely well done and shows MJ at his best.  Other songs to note:  &quot;They Don't Care About Us&quot;, &quot;Earth Song&quot;,  &quot;Childhood&quot;, &quot;Tabloid Junkie&quot;, &quot;2Bad&quot;, and  &quot;HIStory&quot;.  I was a little disappointed that &quot;Come  Together&quot; was included, simply because most everyone remembers it from  the feature film, &quot;Moonwalker&quot;.  The first cd delivers with great  classics, though some tracks are left off that I thought should be there  (&quot;Human Nature&quot; and &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot;).
B000021Y77|5.0|Great Movie and Great Techno Soundtrack. If you like movies like MATRIX you'll will like this one.
B00004TWZG|5.0|The American release of this film was fantastic, despite the occasional explosions of melodrama perpetrated by the otherwise fantastic Gary Oldman.   I was previously unaware of the existence of the extra footage until  lately.  I own both versions on DVD and can honestly say that the extra 24  minutes missing from the US version, while not necessary to the plot, were  fantastic, and added to the richness of the film.  Overall, I feel that  Leon is much more likable (and capable!) in this version.  If you're trying  to decide which one to get, I believe this one is far superior to the  other.
B000001EL7|5.0|What can you say about the Love Gun CD.  Definitely one of KISS' best  ones. The title song, Love Gun, has such an extreme beat, and the others  are great too.
0449002632|4.0|Don't let the length of this book put you off, it is very well written and  a pleasure to read. Starting with the conquest of Britain by Julius Caesar  to the present (1997), this book will captivate you all along the way. My  only complaint (small at that) is the fact that in the later years (1750  and beyond), the author doesn't spend as much time as in the earlier years  and you don't get the same detail and feel as earlier in the book. It is  hard at times to follow who's who, but the charts in the front of the book  are great aides and despite the fact that chapters often jump hundreds of  years, overall the book flows well. Well worth your time!
B000001EIA|5.0|In 1973, the &quot;critics&quot; blasted KISS. And 27 years later, KISS is  still rocking. KISS has shown that it's the fans that keep us rocking, not  the critics. I never pay much attention to the critics anyways. This CD  brings back great feelings, to see the original members together again,  doing what they have always done. ROCK. I believe that KISS shows how  versatile they can be with all of their (our) music. This is a must have  for any KISS fan!
0345350499|5.0|What Mary Stewart started in me )my fascination with the Arthurian legend)  Marion Zimmer Bradley encouraged to new heights. This book is my favorite  retelling of the legend - MZB writes an involving book. Do yourself a  favor, pick up this book and set aside several evenings to do nothing but  read - you might try to do other things, but you'll be drawn back time and  again.
B00000K19E|5.0|More that just great special effects and a lead actor obviously born for the part this is a very Important film.  Much has been said but think of it  as a satire on the government, the importance of self, and the acceptence  of reality this is a very meaningful film.
0393316041|5.0|Several years back, I was an economics major, sniffing around in math and  physics sections in the library when I had spare time or exams are over.  Then I picked it up (it was blue-covered then). A few hours later, I was at  a college book shop and I bought this book without giving a second thought!  It didn't stop me there. I am a physics major now. <br />I got into college in  1994. That's when Hawking's sensational (though not understandable) Brief  History of Time was sweeping through every intellectual discussion and  everyone had this weird fantasy about physics. But it wasn't persuasive  enough and physics to me was still an esoteric, dry, and boring sort of  field. Feynman showed this is not true. (Now I realize it is indeed dry, if  not esoteric and boring.)<br />Though thoroughly entertaining, this book is  rather weak on the sort of frustrations that all the participating  scientists in the bomb-making project seemed to have undergone. Plus,  contrary to your hope, Feynman was not really a nice man. A good biography  on him is done by a physics historian, Jagdish Mehra. I am compelled to add  that James Gleick's Genius does no more than reproducing stories already  told by Feynman himself right in this book.
B00004U9MS|4.0|I borrowed this from a friend of mine who, until recently, lived in the  UK.  I'm very impressed!  Radiohead comparisons are inevitable, but I don't  mind.  I would say that Coldplay is to Radiohead as the Sundays were to the  Smiths.  A strong correlation exists, but refreshing differences, too. If  retailers could get enough stock of this album, it could actually place on  the US charts as an import.  What a strong message that would be to program  managers at so called &quot;alternative&quot; stations here in the US.   Unfortuately, as of the time I'm writing this review, you just can't buy  &quot;Parachutes&quot; anywhere--including here.
6300215954|4.0|My husband &amp; I have been watching this film together for many years... and enjoying it each time!  As someone who is not usually a big John Wayne  fan, I enjoy seeing him in a role that doesn't stray far from his persona  but gives him a lightness that is seldom seen in his traditional films.   We're still waiting for this to be released on DVD - Henry Mancini's  soundtrack would be wonderful!
B00003CWTI|5.0|I found this movie to be all that a moive should be. It was creative, easy to follow, and got more and more interesting as the movie went on. Both  Boggie Nights and Hard Eight had a special quality to them and that quality  was amplified ten fold in the film. The singing in the middle of the movie  and the surprise at the end are the elements that make this movie stand  stand alone as a mountian of entertainment.<br />My only complaint is that the  first time a watched the movie it was on video tape, a DVD format would  have been prefered.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Unbelievable, this girl is HOT. I predict she will be around for a long  time....... and shes Britsh, makes me proud. Unable to get a publishing  deal in the Uk she had to go to the states and I am glad she did. Easily up  there with Jewel, Fiona Apple and Lucie Silvas this girl can write and sing  and has more talent than a lot of us can even dream about. Outstanding  tracks for me are Thank you, Hunter and Slide. You go girl!!!
0152023984|5.0|It is one of the best books ever writen.  It is Untemporal, since it was writen 50 years ago and is still plenty of validity.  It is not only a  fiction book.  It is a poem, it is a management book, it is a self  improvement book.  If you want to have a really amazing moment in your  life, read this book.  I also can assure you that it will change your life  for the better, without extremes and with simple things.  Simple things are  the best in the life, and this book is simple and magnificent.  Merci  Antoine, good job.
B000000186|5.0|There could be so much to tell about Badfinger's third album. But i will  just tell you, that &quot;Straight Up&quot; is such a beutiful album. It  has so many incredible songs, wether it would be the heart-breaking Pete  Ham's &quot;The Name of the game&quot; Joey molland's &quot;Sweet tuesday  morning&quot;, or the rocy &quot;sometimes&quot; and &quot;suitcase&quot;.    But it's minaly Pete Ham's incredible gift of writing, his way of  combining touchy lyrics with  up tempo music as &quot;Baby Blue&quot;. The  album also includs, their biggest hit &quot;Day after day&quot;, but for me  its the opner &quot;Take it all&quot; that worth the whole thing, When Ham  and Tommy Evans combine their beutiful vocals into one great harmony and  create such an exciting Chorus.<br />They were such a great band, and in this  album you could easily understand why.
0790739356|3.0|In a future society, the military component does not have to recruit; rather, their candidates are chosen at birth, culled from nurseries and  designated to spend their entire lives in the service of the government.    They are given over to the war machine, body and soul, for no reason other  than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity other than a name  and rank, and no autonomy whatsoever.  This is the fate of those whose  destiny is predetermined for them in \\"Soldier,\\" directed by Paul Anderson  and starring Kurt Russell.  The scenario is hard and bleak as the movie  begins by depicting the training of the soldiers during advancing periods  of time, from   preadolescence to adulthood.  Russell is Sergeant Todd, the  best of the best, and we glimpse his career as he discharges his duties in  an exemplary manner in campaign after campaign; he is what he was born to  be, a soldier.  But even the best cannot go on forever, and the day arrives  when Todd and his peers are no longer the elite.  A new generation of  soldiers has been created, products of advanced genetics and technology,  and Todd's generation is suddenly obsolete.  What follows is the story of a  man who must fight for his life, while struggling to discover his own sense  of humanity and individuality, traits new to a soldier who has known only  two things his entire life:  Fear and discipline.  Russell gives a  commanding performance as Todd, the soldier who above all else must obey  orders without question while suppressing all emotion and individual  thoughts.  He has few lines in this movie, but Russell speaks volumes with  his eyes.  This role demonstrates that he is, in fact, one of the  under-appreciated actors of our times; that he can disappear so entirely  into the character of Todd is a credit to his ability, and with this part  he has created someone quite different from any he's done before.  And he's  given Todd a depth and credibility that someone of lesser talent could  easily have rendered as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial  stereotype.  Notable performances are also turned in here by Connie Nielsen  (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum).  Rounding out the supporting  cast are Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation  of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael  Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick).  Anderson has  delivered an action film with a message, a cautionary tale that transcends  the genre of science-fiction.  \\"Soldier\\" reminds us of the importance of  keeping the humanity of our lives intact.  It's an entertaining way of  making us consider the alternatives, like a bleak future and a world in  which good movies just wouldn't make a whole lot of difference.  Much like  \\"1984,\\" and \\"Mad Max,\\" this movie, which is ultimately uplifting, is going  to make you take pause and think about the kind of Universe in which we all  must live together and share.
B000002J1M|4.0|With references from Lewis Carrol, English nursery rhymes and classic  literature, Foxtrot was always going to be chock full of ideas and  invention. Not their masterpiece but along with 'Crime' an indication of  their developing powers. I cannot get the melody from 'Timetable'out of my  head.
0446525537|4.0|After reading The Notebook, I practically ran to the library to put A Walk to Remember on hold. It's a quick read, and maybe won't bring on the same  tears that The Notebook or Message in a Bottle did, but it is good. The  story of Jamie and Landon does seem a little unbelievable at times-  especially his falling completely for Jamie and ditching every semblance of  his former life in only a few short months- but it is romantic and will  keep you cheering for Jamie's life and their love throughout the book.  Worth reading, in my opinion.
0446677450|5.0|In simple words, this book totally changed the way I think about money and  my relationship with the green stuff.  Written so simply, yet powerfully  clear in its intent.  I literally had a career epiphany while reading this  book.  I advise you to purchase this book immediately, I bought copies for  all my friends and family.
B00003CXBK|5.0|When I first went to see this movie I was skeptical, due to the minimal advertising, but my worries were swept away as I was introduced to the most  spectacular japanese animated film I have ever seen. Strong themes of the  struggles between man and nature, and the confused conflicts of man vs man  propel the amazing story in this movie. The animation is superb, the music  intense, and those forest spirit Kodama's are just so cool! <br />The film can  get a tad gory at times, but fear not, there is strong substance to this  film. Rampaging boar gods, and ruthless samauri factions, confronting each  other, to the backdrop of an industrial revolution threatening the  remaining primevil forests of ancient Japan create a powerful formula for  this film. <br />Perhaps the thing that I found most compleling about it, was  the reluctance the story had of identifying the true enemy of the film. You  are not forced to agree with the bad guy vs. good guy scenerio that is so  often forced upon us. You are left to form opinions of your own, and  although you realize it's just a story, it leaves you with thoughts that  can remain relevant so long as there's conflict in this world.<br />I  anxiously count off the days until the DVD release, and you should too! One  of the best animes ever, hands-down. Buy this movie.
B00004T37F|5.0|Being John is, without a doubt, one of the best films ever made. Director Spike Jonze plays with the concepts of twisted relationships and living out  fantasies (and the dangers therein) with remarkable skill. This film  sustains interest from start to finish and contains a myriad of facets for  the viewer to explore, it definitely demands mutliple viewings. The acting  in superb with the entire cast playing their roles to perfection but John  Cusack is particularly brilliant as the puppeteer suffering from chronic  ennui.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|As a die hard fan, it's good to have Bruce and Adrian back. Never  slacking, Steve and the boys press onward in yet more intricate melodies  and guitar  work.I saw them in concert in Portland, Maine earlier this  month supporting the Brave New Tour. They may be a bit older and wiser, but  they still play just as hard. Their show just as good as always. I've  always called Maiden Cerebral Metal; metal for the thinking man due to  mythological and literary based lyrics. I hope they continue to put out  such mature metal....up the irons!!!
B000002U9Y|5.0|This Album is amazing songs like SET THE CONTROLS,REMEBER A DAY,LET THERE  BE MORE LIGHT etc. are the best Pink Floyd songs ever written.The sound of  the Album is really Dark.The TitleTrack is a really strange &amp; weird  Instrumental song but amazing.One Viewer said this is there worst album  dont buy it.He must be crazy.People say DARK SIDE &amp; THE WALL are FLOYDS  Best not even close PIPER AT THE GATES,SAUCER and MEDDLE are PINK FLOYDS  true Classic Albums.I would recommend to any new FLOYD listener these 3  Albums over The WALL &amp; DARK SIDE any day of the Week.
2067002627|4.0|I found this map to be a priceless aid in the study of the invasion when  used in conjuction with books and outlines on the various battles.  The  stories of individual actions found in historic writings come alive when  followed with this map.  It clearly shows dates and locations of advances  of the Allied Forces and shows Normany the way it was in 1944.  We used  this map to plan where we wanted to spend our time in Normandy and the  sights we wanted to see.  But do not use this map as a motor guide as roads  and highways have changed.  In short, a great tool.
0380804557|4.0|This book, much like many others of the same genre, follows a young man on  his (literal) quest for a falling star in a rather misguided attempt to win  the graces of a girl he fancies. The star, in this case, though, is hardly  a hunk of molten rock. Instead, she's a living, breathing, somewhat human  being who has no desire to be dragged into the realm of humans and  presented as a gift. What follows is a fairly interesting, if a tad  predictable tale which involves mysterious people, seven brothers trying to  murder each other over a throne and crown, and other assorted persons and  hijinks without which fantasy would just not be the same. Overall, the book  is engaging enough to keep you amused, and the characters are, for the most  part, realistic and likable, but it doesn't hold a candle to Gaiman's other  work, such as the (in)famous Sandman graphic novel series. I'd give this  book four stars out of five, for a story worth reading, if not brilliant.
B000002UAX|5.0|What can be said that hasn't already been said about this album? IT'S  AWESOME!!!!!
0807014265|4.0|The best statement in this book is &quot;Live as if you were living for  the second time and had acted as wrongly the first time as you are about to  act now&quot;.If I can do this I will have mastered the course. He leads me  up to trying to find my meaning to my life, but lets me go from there.<br />      The next step is mine.
B00003RQNJ|5.0|If I had to choose from my collection of 200+ DVDs, I would have to say that this film is in the top ten!  I really enjoyed this flick.  Paul  Newman and Robert Redford have always complimented each other nicely.  It  is kind of like &quot;The Sting&quot; set in the old west instead of the  &quot;Roaring Twenties&quot;.  <br />Maybe I should say it this way:  even my  wife liked the film!  She usually falls asleep in the middle of the movie.   I don't know if she doesn't get enough sleep, or if I just like corny  movies.  Either way, you can't lose with this DVD!
0517530716|4.0|A highly enjoyable read.  Text plus context.<br />Contains the first edition  version of Shelley's Frankenstein.  Many illustrations, historical notes,  and (for illustration only) Frankenstein film treatments.  By itself, could  adequately substitute any college-level study of the novel.
0345350499|5.0|I have read thousands of books in my life and The Mists has remained my  favorite. No other book has so drawn me into the story and made wish I  could be there. In the six years since I first read Mists I have  recommended it to everyone I know with no complaints. This is the perfect  book for anyone who has a love for history magic or strong female  charectors.
B0000256RB|5.0|Not very often do I run into an album that makes my whole collection look  empty. Deep in melodies and rich in concept this 2CD set will surely please  a vast array of listeners.<br />Drawn by a great story...&quot;Eight human  souls (eight different singers), plucked from their era's of Time, suddenly  find themselves together in a strange dimension. A mysterious voice directs  them trough a maze of trials leading into the Electric Castle. Within the  castle, built from their own dreams and fears, they must find the gate back  to their own centuries. Will they survive?&quot;...You will be taken into  this journey along with the strayed souls.<br />Since I bought it, I keep  playing it over and over again, You will surely do the same. Highly  recommended.
B000002J0B|1.0|This is the weediest pop music I've ever heard. It's pathetic to hear Plant whine &quot;these are the seasons of emotion&quot; . I burst out  laughing when he sang that. The rest is equally bad. Don't buy this, or any  other Led Zep album.
630467578X|3.0|This movie vastly cheered me up when I had the strange combination of utterly futile daytime jobs but an excellent night time job in the Australian Army.    This might not be a terrific movie from several points  of view - the violence is quite graphic and horrid at times, but being a grown up, I didn't get too upset about that.    The main characters are quite funny. The game show host is like a satanic vesion of Hughie Green, Arnold is himself, and the \\"stalkers\\" are so completely crazy you think, my gosh, whatever I'm up to now can't posibly be so bad as this.      I am intrigued by the fact that this movie appears as very much a family and friends production. Almost all of Arnolds friends are present, including the irreplacable Jesse Ventura. All the other big fellas have very strong mid - German accents and chances are they all trained together  a few years ago.    The part that Jesse plays is very funny and quite self  effacing. He allows the game show host to humiliate him on several occasions and the character development for Cap. Freedom as a rather ageing crazy who is seriously beginning to doubt his current worth... this is part of the rather silly aspect of the whole affair. You can't be too upset by  any of it. Ventura has a tremendous capacity for comedy and I'm surprised he hasn't explored this more.    There are many very distinguished members of the cast, such as Mick Fleet (from Fleetwood Mac), and even Dweezil Zappa, son of Frank, who got just one real line out of the whole movie -  but what a line! And I bet his dad was so damn proud, I can just see them both just killing themselves laughing over the whole thing.    But, sadly, it is violent and sometimes quite crude. It has more nastiness than was really necessary, but in those days probably - I'm speculating - probably someone from on high required this.    Since this movie cheered me up, I have a fondness for it that is probably out of proportion to it's real worth.    Characters that could have been developed more - the ridiculously and well acted camp hairdresser that gets in the way of Captain Freedom and almost anyone else - the innocent floorcleaner - Dweezil and Mick, the old lady... several  others too.    As far as I know, this also contains the first \\"I'll be  back\\". So there.    Best Quotes EVER  -     \\"Get him outa here (refering to Ventura as Cap. Freedom).... Whats wrong, steroids make you DEAF? Get him out!\\"    Also    \\"Get me the justice department. Yeah. Entertainments division...\\"    And    \\"It's showtime!\\"    While the movie is violent, the nice thing is that it shows very clearly the difference between courage and cowardice, self sacrifice and sadism by proxy (...?)    In this way it actually a rather good illustration of (somewhat splintered) light in darkness.    [I also  want to say that the existing chat shows in which guests are hurt and humiliated are well onto the way of this. I don't want to see either in real life.]
B000002KBU|5.0|From the first time I heard this album until today, almost thirty years  later, this has remained one of my all time favorite albums.  It hangs  together like one grand and complex piece of music, each song necessary and  participating fully in the whole.  The instrumentation was a great surprise  to me at the time, being unfamiliar with the dulcimer and other folk  instruments, but it suited the music perfectly.   <br />I recently heard Joni  in concert (for the first time) on a sort of torch song blues tour of songs  from an earlier musical period in America, using a full orchestra for  backup.  At the end of the concert she sang some of the songs from her more  well known period, and the song from BLUE brought the audience to their  feet--myself included, although I yearned to hear her with the original  instrumentation, even in the new version.  It gave a subtle glow to the  album that was missing with heavier musical support.  BLUE is without a  doubt Joni's best album, the one I couldn't bear to be without.  Every time  I get a new copy, and play it for a younger friend, unfortunate enough not  to have known Joni's music through a parent or relative, I end up having to  give it away.  <br />I agree with the comment above, this is a CD where the  singer-songwriter role is in perfect harmony with the work.  The songs are  an extension of Joni's heart and her life, and her voice is the perfect  instrument upon which to play them.  The spare and subtle orchestration  allowed her unusual voice to soar and add something timeless to these songs  which grieve, which measure loss, and which reach out to the pain in all of  us bringing some relief, and some release.
6302994063|5.0|Before I saw this, I had my doubts, I mean...a movie about ballroom dancing, how can it be good? Well believe me, this one is awesome! The  soundtrack is super, the quotes (that was unexpected!) are hilarious, and  the black comedy is over-the-top! The movie is like a mix of Pee-wee's Big  Adventure and Ferris Bueller's Day Off! It's almost too perfect! Watch this  now!
B000005ALN|5.0|Forget any prejudices or preconceptions about George Michael, buy this  album and marvel at a wonderful set of beautifully laid back tracks that  combine quite marvellous singing, thought provoking lyrics, superb playing,  tight arrangements, cleverly understated productions and unforgettable  melodies. And... once hooked, as you will be, take time to read the sleeve  notes to understand the depth of talent involved here. Not only are all  songs on the album written, arranged and produced by George Michael but, he  plays all, or virtually all, of the instruments on 9 of its 11  tracks!<br />Few artists can sing with such clarity and beauty, few can write  with such lyrical and melodic depth, few can produce and arrange with such  creative and sensitive care and few dare release a record where they play  all the instruments involved. In twenty years time this will, if plaudits  are laid where they deserve, be recognised as a timeless classic. In the  meantime enjoy this album for what it is... a brilliant example of a superbly  multi-talented artist at the peak of his powers
630245333X|5.0|What an awesome horror flick from the late '80s!  This 1988 remake of the 1956 Blob movie is soooo much better because of the  amazing special  effects that will COMPLETELY gross you out! The characters are believable  and there's little if any cheesy lines through out the whole movie. The  most memerable and truly gut-wrentching scenes is the guy being sucked down  the kitchen sink by the blob, the lady in the phone booth, the kid in the  sewer and a few other sickening parts. Definently one of the most   frightning films I have ever seen. (Along with &quot;The Excorcist&quot;,  &quot;Urban Legend&quot; and the original &quot;Scream&quot;) I highly  recommend &quot;The  Blob&quot; for your horror\sci-fi collection!
0385495315|5.0|Riveting history of code making and breaking. There is enough explanation  of how the processes take place, but not too much. In other words, the  details do not drown the flow of this wondeful work. I have learned a lot  and gained a healthy paranoia regarding the safety of my own privacy. It is  also a wonderful primer to read before delving into Neal Stephenson's  &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot;.
1558808000|5.0|Michael J.Fox stars as Brantley Foster who leaves Kansas and his parents in search of his dream of becoming a CEO of his own company.When he arrives  in NY, he faces a horrible apartment, the desperate search of trying to  find a job, adjusting to life in NY, and pursuing his dream girl.While  working in the mail room and hating it at his distant uncle's company,  Michael pretends to be a corporate executive and succeeds at the job.He  fools everybody at the company, including his dream girl, who falls in love  with him.Unfortunately, his plan is found out at the end of the movie while  he's staying at his uncle's house.However, Michael wins his dream in the  end by becoming a co-head of the company as well as his dream girl. One  other thought,if you buy the CD one of the songs is different from the  movie.The same person is singing it, but there are different lyrics to the  song.Go Figure!
B000003JAY|3.0|This collection represents Billy Idol's greatest songs, but be forwarned that these are *not* the original single version of these hit songs. For  example, the wonderful &quot;White Wedding&quot; was only 4 minutes in the  single version, but included here is the dance version which is 8 minutes.  Ditto with Catch My Fall, Flesh for Fantasy and Catch My Fall. I don't know  about you, but sometimes less is more, especially when the 10 minutes  versions of these songs are utterly inferior to the original and familiar  versions. They drone on and on with idiotic instrumentals which play on  forever.<br />The Idol boxed set is much preferable to this collection, and  contains the songs as they were originally released. Billy Idol is an  under-rated singer and songwriter and the boxed set showcases his talent  much better than this disc.
0064471837|5.0|Sabriel is a beautiful book. Garth Nix is truly a master of writing and this spell-binding fantasy shows off his true talents.  A young girl, named Sabriel, is thrust into the adult role of a necromancer. With hardly any practice but a lot of courage, she sets off to save her father...  Faced with many evils she somehow gets through and picks up  friends along the way. The cat Moggot and the young man Touchstone bring  new light to the novel.  I read this book at least once every three  months, and it was a favorite since my first read. I cannot wait for the  sequel and I am sure other readers feel the same way...
B000000OAA|5.0|Queen's 1974 breakthrough 3rd album entitled SHEER HEART ATTACK is  probably their best album, EVER.  And this isn't even the one that contains  Bohemian Rhapsody or We Will Rock You.  Not only does the album contain  hits such as Now I'm Here and Killer Queen, it also contains songs that  were well-known hard rockers in early Queen concerts-Brighton Rock, Flick  of The Wrist, and Stone Cold Crazy.<br />  For anyone wanting to buy a Queen  album for the first time, this would definitely have to be the best example  (besides Greatest Hits) of their music.  The album starts off with the  guitar-driven &quot;Brighton Rock&quot; that contains a 2 minute+ long  guitar solo showcasing Brian May's definitive guitar playing skills.  This  song's solo was recently polled at #41 in Guitar World's Top 100 Guitar  Solos of All Time as voted by the fans.  The album then dives into  &quot;Killer Queen&quot; which was a different direction for the band early  in their career.  It isn't a hard rocker but contains all the elements that  Queen would later be known for-rich melodies, superb piano playing, a  3-piece overdubbed guitar solo, and sophisticated lyrics.  &quot;Killer  Queen&quot; also proved to be the band's 1st #1 single.<br />  The 3rd track  off the album, &quot;Tenement Funster&quot; features the drummer, Roger  Taylor, on vocals with awesome guitar work by Brian May.  The next song,  &quot;Flick Of The Wrist&quot; is probably the most underrated jewel on the  album-killer piano playing, haunting lyrics and screaming guitars make this  a choice pick.  The fifth song begins as &quot;Flick&quot; ends.   &quot;Lily Of The Valley&quot; is a delicate ballad by the flamboyant  Freddie Mercury.  &quot;Now I'm Here&quot; then enters with its guitar and  vocal echoes.  This song outlasted all and was never dropped from the  setlist at concerts from 1974-1986.  A superb hard rocker with brilliant  chords.  The song is about life on the road while supporting Mott The  Hoople...'down in the city just Hoople and me'!     &quot;In The Lap Of The  Gods&quot; is a quite undescribable number by Mercury with distorted vocals  and brilliant guitar work (again). The 8th song is probably Queen's  heaviest ever, &quot;Stone Cold Crazy&quot;.  Metallica would later cover  this heavy metal song.  The album then changes mood with May's lulaby  &quot;Dear Friends&quot; and further manifests in John Deacon's (the bass  player) &quot;Misfire&quot; with its pseudo-island rhythm.  The next song  is Mercury's &quot;Bring Back That Leroy Brown&quot; which is very  delightful and has a big band feel to it and includes a Brian May ukele  solo.  May's &quot;She Makes Me&quot; follows with the axe-man on lead  vocals.  This is a quieter number that ties up the loose ends before  Mercury's &quot;In The Lap Of The Gods...revisited&quot; closes out the  album with its anthem-like choruses..'wo wo la la la'.  The perfect way to  end this album.<br />  SHEER HEART ATTACK has everything for even the  stingiest music critic.  Check It Out!
B00003W8NM|5.0|When it comes to the combination of the film itself, the transfer, and the extra features (not to mention the packaging), there is no disc that even comes close to Fight Club.  <br />Of course, the most important aspect is the  film, and Fight Club does not disapoint.  When I first heard about this  film, I only heard the name and a description saying it was about a bunch  of people starting an underground fighting club.  At this point I dismissed  it as a stupid film aimed at the wrestling crowd.  Don't make that mistake  too.  When I found out that David Fincher was directing, I changed my  opinion.  I loved Fincher's other three films (as well as his music  videos), and I knew that that he wouldn't make a mindless...film. I went to see it once it came out, and I was blown away.  It was the exact  opposite of what I originally expected.  It had one of the most intelligent  scripts of the year.  This film is not about a fighting club, that is  mearly an element of the storyline.  The themes of this film go much  deeper.  It is a satire about social behavior, consumerism, the masculine  ideal, conformity, and much more.  It's frequently the people that stick  with their preconcieved notions and can't figure out the true meaning of  this film that don't like it.  Many conservatives attack the film's  violence, but in reality there isn't much.  There is only one death and a  few fist fights.  Violence is just an excuse they give because they are  afraid of the ideas presented in this film.  Saving Private Ryan is  undoubtably more violent, but it presents conservative ideas about honor,  duty, patriotism, etc. so it's considered okay.  SPR is very good, but this  film is much more groundbreaking.  It also has David Fincher's brilliant  visual style and an excellent cast headed by three Academy Award nominees  each giving one of the best performances of their careers.  For these  reasons and more I feel that Fight Club is one of the three best films of  1999.<br />Nowif this was a film only disc, it would still be worth buying,  but there is a lot more to this dvd.  I guess I'll start with the  packaging.  There is a slipcase with a tri-fold innercase inside.  In the  first section of the innercase is a 20 page booklet featuring excepts of  crew interviews and reviews (both good and bad).  The booklet, as well as  the innercase, is also covered in artwork, photographs, and quotes from the  film, layed out in a very Fight Club way.  On the other two sections are  the discs, both of which are dual layered.  On the first disc is the film.   It is presented with a beautiful animorphic widescreen picture and an  equaly impressive 5.1 auto track (there are also 2 chanel English and  French audio tracks).  Both the sound and picture rival that of the best  dvd's out there.  This disc includes a brief video and audio set-up guide  to make sure take full advantage of the previously mentioned quality.  This  disc also contains four commentary tracks.  That's about nine hours of  extra features even before we get to disc two.  There is a bit of  repetativeness, but each commentary comes from a diffent aspect of the  filming:  1)dirctor 2)cast 3)writers 4)technical crew.  Then on disc two,  there are so many features that I can't go through them all in detail.  A  quick run through:  a multiangle and multiaudio breakdown of the opening  title sequence, other special effects sequences broken down(frequently with  commentaries), behind the scenes look at location scouting and shooting of  various sequence (frequently with commentaries), a featurette, cast and  crew bios, deleted scenes, storyboards, pre-production paintings, costume  design, producion stills, and marketing (trailers, tv spots, internet  spots, posters/lobby cards, a writen interview with Edward Norton, PSA's, a  really cool press kit, a music video, promotional stills).  It goes without  saying that all of this will keep you busy for quite some time, and if your  a fan of thefilm, you'll love every munite of it.<br />With all this, it's  hard to think of a reason not to get this dvd.  In fact, if I didn't have a  dvd player, I would probably buy one just to get this disc.  At the moment  I own about 140 dvd's and have rented many others, and I have to say that  this is very easily the best one that I have come across.
B00000490M|5.0|This movie improves with age, especially when you watch the teen flicks that are released today.  Ralph Macchio stars as Daniel Larusso, an Italian  California newcomer who has the misfortune to fall foul of the local gang  of bullies who are crack karate students under the tutelage of a sadistic  sensei.  Morita gives an Oscar-worthy performance as apartment building  handyman Mr Miyagi, who becomes Daniel's unlikely mentor after rescuing him  from a savage attack of the Cobra-Kais, providing the genesis for 1 of the  greatest human bonds ever created upon the silver screen.  So much more  than a movie about trying to fit in, so much more than a martial arts  movie, and so much more than a triumph of the underdog movie, this is a  tale about faith, courage, acceptance, and never giving up.
B000002BQK|5.0|Butterfly is Mariah Carey's best album in my opinion. She tells enchanting  stories in songs (Fourth of July, The Roof). She has lived through the  things that are in the songs; letting go (Butterfly); revisiting old  memories (Fourth of July, The Roof); losing someone's love (Breakdown);  reliving childhood fears (Close My Eyes); acceptance (Outside); and  more.<br />Butterfly is a R&amp;B type album that consists mostly of ballads,  but has come great upbeat songs, such as the lead off #1 hit Honey, also  Breakdown (with Bone Thugs N Harmony) and Babydoll. This is not a bad  thing, that it consists mostly of ballads. They are sung from the heart,  and with so much emotion you can hear the pain in her voice. The best song  on the album is the title track, Butterfly. This is probably one of the  best songs she's ever written, and ever recorded. The video is beautiful  too. This whole album is well written, and I think many people could relate  to it. I think everyone should give this album a listen.
B00004Y9PP|4.0|With no more genuinely scary movies produced lately, this movie delivers the fear.  Pitch Black has to be one of the last greatest scary movies in  recent years.  The film keeps you on the edge of your seat at all times and  it delivers the suspense.  Set on a distant planet in the future, this  sci-fi film gives you everything you want in a movie-suspense, action, and  drama.
0805017305|5.0|This well-researched piece is more than just a record of the original  American tragedy.  What Dee Brown has provided here is a carefully written  account of a terribly one-sided clash of cultures - one Stone-age, the  other in the throes of an industrial revolution.  There was never any  question about who would win.  The sad thing is in how the cultural  collision played itself out.  For ultimately a cultural clash is an  amalgamation of individual stories.  In each case, Europeans and Native  Americans alike, for better or worse, played out their conditioning to an  end that was all too tragically clear.<br />The natives died defending their  way of life, victims of superior technology and organization, as well as  dehumanizing propoganda.  They died on the reservations, victims of neglect  and political invisibility.  They died by the thousands, and soon no one  was left to carry the cultural banner forward.<br />In the early 19th century,  the plains and western tribes wandered at will (or some would say, as  needed) over their homeland.  By the early 20th century, native culture was  completely disposessed; it's representative peoples either locked up on  reservations or absorbed completely in &quot;white&quot; culture.  This  book provides an answer as to how this transition occured, as painful as  that answer might be.<br />Dee Brown's technically accurate and artistically  rendered account is emminently readable.  Yet chapter by chapter, the  recurring theme becomes almost morbidly familiar.  One begins to be able to  predict what is ultimately going to happen after a while.<br />Don't be fooled  into thinking that the native culture was any better or worse than that  which displaced it.  The real message is that we can't blame ourselves for  what happened.  We can however, take responsibility for what is happening  now.  See humanity through Brown's eyes, and realize that such things as we  have witnessed here can and do happen over and over again.  The best we can  do is to become aware of this capacity, do our best to overcome it -  generation by generation, and follow a more honorable path.<br />The great  tragedy is that, in the European's single-minded quest for land and  freedom, something precious and irreplacible was lost forever.  Read this  book, and learn something about yourself.  It is the very least you can do.st we can  do is to become aware of this capacity, do our best to overcome it -  generation by generation, and follow a more honorable path.<br />The great  tragedy is that, in the European's single-minded quest for land and  freedom, something precious and irreplacible was lost forever.  Read this  book, and learn something about yourself.  It is the very least you can do.
078062369X|4.0|I didn't really think that Blade was going to be a very good film.  Most superhero movies are fairly stupid but Blade is one of the few  exceptions.<br />What really stands out about Blade are the stylistic action  sequences that are amazing.  Snipes and Dorf are also worth mentioning for  their excellent jobs in their roles.
B000031XCR|3.0|All The Way..A Decade of Song is a 16 song collection with 9 of Celine's  hits, and 7 new ones. This is her 'farewell' to the fans as well as a thank  you. It proves to be a nice collection with hits like The Power Of Love,  Love Can Move Mountains, If You Asked Me To, To Love You More, Because You  Loved Me, the overplayed My Heart Will Go On, and more.<br />The new songs are  pretty good, like the catchy lead single That's The Way, the ballad If  Walls Could Talk, and other good ones include I Want You To Need Me and  Live. However, some of the songs lack a little and leave me to be a little  disapointed.<br />The disapointment in this collection is her hits that are  missing from the collection, such as The Colour Of My Love, Misled, Think  Twice, Falling Into You, All By Myself, Tell Him (with Barbra Streisand)  and many more. What happened? There are so many hits, but so few made the  final cut. Celine should of released a 2 cd set, the 1st cd being her hits,  and the second being her new songs. Hopefully another greatest hits album  will surface sometime, a more complete collection of her hits.
B0000025KI|5.0|The River... what else can be said about this album that hasn't been told  before? This one has it all: pure, joyful rock, dramatic and intense songs,  pain, sorrow and a shocking ending. Along with other works by Bruce, this  is a concept album and it is about coming of age, about facing  responsabilities and having kids, about realizing that there is a limited  time in life to accomplish things. If Born to Run was innocent and perhaps  a little naive, The River is mature. Life can have its disappoitments, life  can start to become a burden, specially when you reach the 30 years of age,  but it can also be sooo damn fun when it is summer, when it is hot and  friends and girlfriend are there.<br />So this album seems to be about all  these things. And that is why it is a double album. The fist record is  fast, strong, joyful, rocker. The second seems to come from another world.  In the beginning, you just cant believe that it is the same record, The  River. It is thoughtful, dramatic, even a little sad. But there is hope.  After reaching &quot;Stolen Car&quot;, the great song that closes Side 3,  hope and faith begin again to fill your heart, and even that there is a  price to pay for growing up, even if many men have fallen away to that  price, in the end you can always realize that there is happiness in life  and in loving the one you're with.<br />If you like good rock and roll, but  also believe in friendship, love, drama and like to have fun... this one is  for you. Bruce ROCKS!!!
B000002UB3|5.0|I know the title may sound cliche and pretentious to some, but it is true  in every sense of the word. I can't add any more praise than what has  already been added to this album. It is a classic and deserves it's place  as an &quot;essential rock recording&quot;. This album simply embodies all  the power and strength of the group we all know as the Beatles.
B000007SPT|4.0|Just as TMC's other two albums, &quot;It'll end..&quot; brings together the talents of 4AD bands with some guest musicians from other  art-pop/goth-rock groups. Unavoidably, the song material is a bit  patchwork, but there are a lot of tracks which have no problem being  incredibly expressive and imaginative. &quot;Kangaroo&quot; is an effective  mix of Gordon Sharp's menacing vocals with strong bass playing, while the  fragile &quot;Song to the siren&quot; with its web-like guitar sound is the  exact counterpart. Despite the heavily rumbling drum machine, &quot;The  last ray&quot; matches its title with various long-stretched guitar  textures and painfully beautiful melodies. The surprisingly bleak, cold  &quot;Wave become wings&quot; features Lisa Gerrard, just as the DCD-like  &quot;Dreams made flesh&quot; and &quot;Barramundi&quot;, the latter one  combining the sounds of ocean waves with looped accordion and subdued  synths/guitars. The slightly discordant rocker &quot;Not me&quot;, a cover  of a Colin Newman song, doesn't vary much from the original version.  &quot;A single wish&quot; finally returns to chamber music with delicate  piano runs and Gordon's voice, this time much calmer. Unfortunately, there  are also some tracks I don't like that much. When Howard Devoto sings about  &quot;Holocaust&quot;, it just lacks credibility and seems pretentious.  Also, &quot;Fond affections&quot; with its hint at S/M sex has little to  offer. The crawling ambient instrumental &quot;Fyt&quot; and the  string-loaden &quot;Another day&quot; are listenable but nothing special.  Anyway, a very strong album with lots of different moods and styles to  discover.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I bought this DVD because, Sex and The City is now my most favorite show. I've only been watching it since the beginning of the third season. So now  I'm caught up with the first season, does anyone know when the second  season's coming out?   Please listen to me people, Buy this DVD... It's  great!
B000002MG1|5.0|Every single song is good to great to excellent on &quot;Automatic for the  People.&quot;  The album resonates with a very dignified sound, even an air  of shrouded mystery.  &quot;Try Not to Breathe, for instance, has an almost  classical backdrop to it that was unique for an early 90's alternative icon  band like R.E.M.  If you haven't heard this album, be prepared for a  somber, serious set of songs.  In fact, only two songs probably qualify as  rousing rockers, the fun &quot;Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite,&quot; and the  frustrated &quot;Ignoreland.&quot;  &quot;Monty Got a Raw Deal&quot; and  &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; also possess a little kick to their sound that  balances the pondering aura.  Otherwise, this music seems written at a time  when R.E.M. were in a melancholy state of mind, plus it has a throwback  sense to it that says when music is good, it can be really, really  good.<br />To emphasize this album's greatness, consider this:  the hit  &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; is one of the weaker songs on the album  altogether, almost pre-packaged and generic sounding compared to the rest  of its surrounding brethren.  I hear more genuine emotion in just the quiet  vibrating synthesizer on &quot;New Orleans Instrumental No. 1,&quot; more  emotion in that than most rock bands can muster on an entire album.  Same  goes for the achingly tender and heavy-hearted &quot;Sweetness  Follows,&quot; a song that's nearly funeral like in its painful  reflectiveness of life and death of those close to you.<br />Despite all this  solemness, &quot;Automatic for the People&quot; does have its cheerful  moments.  There's an irresistable folksy charm to songs like &quot;Monty  Got a Raw Deal&quot; and &quot;Man on the Moon,&quot; each of which go a  long way towards lightening the mood.  Perhaps the album's best song is one  that sticks out like a sore thumb, due to its rebel-like, faster driving  sound.  From what is decipherable in certain bits of the awesome  &quot;Ignoreland,&quot; Michael Stipe takes a harsh jab at inept and inert  politicians of the 70's and 80's, leaving behind important social ills in  the U.S. for their own betterment and selfish reasons.  Though the message  isn't pretty, &quot;Ignoreland&quot; certainly contains an obvious  radio-ready sound.  &quot;Star Me Kitten&quot; is deceptively innocent and  dreamy sounding, yet listen closely for the lyric that replaces  &quot;Star&quot; within the song, as Stipe lazily conveys his personal  thoughts and state of mind at the moment.<br />Almost graciously, R.E.M. end  the album with a beautiful piano-laden song, &quot;Nightswimming,&quot; and  &quot;Find the River,&quot; a hopeful song, despite the lyric &quot;nothing  is going my way.&quot;  Each song perfectly tops off what may be the best  R.E.M. record ever released.  It's simply one of those albums that  supercedes what mere words can describe about it.  It's for the young and  the old, the hip and the outdated (like me), for people with taste and for  people who think Britney Spears is the be-all and end-all of what  constitutes awesome music.  Wow, Britney Spears and R.E.M. mentioned in the  same review.  What on earth have I done??!!  You won't regret the purchase  of this classic.quot; Michael Stipe takes a harsh jab at inept and inert  politicians of the 70's and 80's, leaving behind important social ills in  the U.S. for their own betterment and selfish reasons.  Though the message  isn't pretty, &quot;Ignoreland&quot; certainly contains an obvious  radio-ready sound.  &quot;Star Me Kitten&quot; is deceptively innocent and  dreamy sounding, yet listen closely for the lyric that replaces  &quot;Star&quot; within the song, as Stipe lazily conveys his personal  thoughts and state of mind at the moment.  <br />Almost graciously, R.E.M. end  the album with a beautiful piano-laden song, &quot;Nightswimming,&quot; and  &quot;Find the River,&quot; a hopeful song, despite the lyric &quot;nothing  is going my way.&quot;  Each song perfectly tops off what may be the best  R.E.M. record ever released.  It's simply one of those albums that  supercedes what mere words can describe about it.  It's for the young and  the old, the hip and the outdated (like me), for people with taste and for  people who think Britney Spears is the be-all and end-all of what  constitutes awesome music.  Wow, Britney Spears and R.E.M. mentioned in the  same review.  What on earth have I done??!!  You won't regret the purchase  of this classic.
B00004WGC4|4.0|All 12 episodes of the British comedy series Fawlty Towers! I fell for it'n' bought it, as a huge fan of Monty Python's Flying Circus.<br />But  Fawlty Towers is not the same kind of humour. It is more slapstick  (without BEING slapstick), yet more complex since there's a continuous rise  towards total chaos climax at the end of each episode!<br />This is great!  Great, and great FUN! Do buy the whole set - you will not cheat yourself!
B00004T9UF|3.0|Eminem is back in a big way.  Aside from being big it is also mean and  vulgar.  He goes from just plain ripping (good naturely)on the things he  hates in &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; to a much meaner, darker tone.  But  you have to admit Slim has got skills and i cant wait for his next album.
0451160916|5.0|There is so many good parts in this book, this book is so scary, with all  the things that happened in the hotel, like that moffia, and the mystery of  what is inside room 217.
B000002KP3|5.0|I bought my first T REX album 26 years ago and it is still one of my top  5! Marc Bolan was a man of music before his time. I mean just listen to  Planet Queen. &quot;Planet Queen , Perchance to dream. She used my head  like a revolver.&quot; Where on God's Earth our you going to find those  kind of lyrics? Do yourself a favor and take an hour to hear the most  dynamic duel of vocals and guitar. Step back in time and think it was  today. Peace.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I must say, when I got this album, I had never really listened to Savage  Garden. I had the first CD, but that was the extent. This new album, with  it's soothing notes and Darren's beautiful voice, is a must have to all  Savage Garden fans. Sure, you may think that if you buy the singles, you'll  get the same hit songs for a smaller price, but the entire CD is worth  listening to. The song &quot;Affirmation&quot; will lift your spirits and  repair your wings. &quot;The Lover After Me&quot; and &quot;I Don't Know  You Anymore&quot; extremely sad, yet delightfully exquisite in their own  way. All in all, it truly defines Savage Garden, and hopefully the next  album will be just as good, if not better.
B00000J0O2|5.0|HP includes a free shipping label in the package of each cartridge so that you can easily send the old cartridges back to them (they recycle them).  You can improve the life of the cartidge by taking it out every now and  then and making sure the toner is well-distributed by slowly shaking it.  I  printed 2 boxes (20 reams) with one of these cartridges, set on Light  (which looks fine).  ...
B000001FA4|4.0|Like the (very good) Amazon review says, this album contains some of U2's best work, and some of it's strangest. As a result, it easily qualifies as  U2's most uneven album (beating even Zooropa and Pop). The good here is in  songs such as &quot;Pride&quot; (one of the most overplayed tunes in rock  radio history; notice it did NOT have the subtitle &quot;In the Name of  Love&quot; at first), the title track, and the beautifully shimmering  &quot;A Sort of Homecoming&quot; (how does the Edge get that guitar  sound! ). However, virtually every track is rendered a bit soft, because  almost every song is some kind of 'music in spontaneous motion'. It's no  wonder that only the lyrics to the first song were included; it's probably  the only one to even have any fixed lyrics! As a result, this album often  seems frustrating, and a lot of the tracks come across as filler  (especially &quot;4th of July&quot;, which has some neat ambience that  would MAYBE qualify for a hidden track). However, the songs simply drip  pure emotion. Even if Bono doesn't really know even what he's singing about  (which seems to be the case on &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;Promenade&quot;, and  &quot;Elvis Presley and America&quot;), he sure believes it. The hard  driving stadium punch of &quot;Pride&quot;, &quot;Wire&quot; and  &quot;Indian Summer Sky&quot; would be a precursor to some of the  incredible Joshua Tree album, one of the greatest performances in modern  music. So while it's diffuse and cluttered for sure, listening to The  Unforgettable Fire is like walking into your own room after you haven't  cleaned the floor for a year; it's messy, but something simply feels right  about it.
0060273224|5.0|With the majority of young adult fantasy books these days including bland characters, unremarkable settings, and suspiciously similar and predictable  plots, it is a truly refreshing experience to read a book as un-cliched and  original as Garth Nix's Sabriel. The excellent imagination of his writing  is revealed at the very beginning of the book, as you are thrown into a  strange and intriguing world with words and rituals that cannot be  understood until revealed later in the book. The true eloquence of his  writing comes forth as you discover this new world and all of its meanings  along with Sabriel when she travels North to find her father. This book has  all the marks of a true masterpiece. The main character, Sabriel, is  incredibly human and age appropriate, her thoughts and feelings ringing  true through the subtle writing throughout the book. I am most impressed,  however, by the character Mogget, a most intriguing and innovative  character, with a past impossible to guess. The book is filled with  exciting and refreshingly new ideas, while the plot holds up all the way  through and leaves you wanting more. Yes, the only thing that this book is  lacking is a sequel, which I am still not so patiently awaiting.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon is by far the best Arthurian novel I have read.  It  presents a unique view of the story from the various points of view from  the women involved in this epic.  I have read the book several times and it  captivates me every time I pick it up. If you have any interest in the  tales of King Arthur then this book is a MUST READ!
B00004SVID|5.0|When I first glanced at the new releases in my local music shop, I had a  disturbing thought that this might be Gilmour's reply to Waters' live  concert in Berlin.  Tsk...tsk...  Can't we just let the past lie?   After I realized what I had, I thanked the Floydian Gods and took my  purchase home.  The last twenty years disappeared over the next few hours.   Absolutely phenominal...
B000002MY3|3.0|This album surprised me in many ways. I am not a big fan of angsty women  screaming about men and how bastardly they can be - there are enough women  doing that outside of music and I think that someone like Fiona Apple  actually does it better. However, this album is an eclectic mix of really  nice melodies with actually inspiring vocals - she doesn't have a  particularly good voice but they are sung with such style, it doesn't  matter. I think the best, most poetic tracks are the sleeper tracks that  noone really hears unless they listen to this album. &quot;Forgiven&quot;  is a brilliant track with a great chorus and scarily true to life lyrics.  &quot;Mary Jane&quot; has a gorgeous musical background with a really sad  ambience to it - Alanis really shines on this track. And finally,  &quot;Perfect&quot; which is so true for so many people, its sad to think  about. Disappointments on the album are the overplayed &quot;You oughta  know&quot;, &quot;Hand in my pocket&quot; which just gets bloody annoying.  And of course, the biggest laugh of them all, Ironic which demonstrates  that the only ironic thing about the song is the title (she gives  absolutely NO examples of irony in the song whatsoever) *Maybe someone  should give her a dictionary and she could rewrite the song. Other than  those particular songs, all the rest have merit in one way or another.
B000002C1V|5.0|Okay..I'll admit it.  I'm guilty of not giving this album a chance to burn  into my mind as I should have.  I listened to it way back in '83 (while  &quot;The Wall&quot; was still echoing in my head) and wrote off Pink Floyd  as a group.  My mistake.  17 years later, I now realize what Waters was  saying.  I heard the pain in his voice as he told me how close we were to  that final goodbye.  Hearing the screams of children as the second sun  seared them brought a tear to my eye.  Putting all of the people of power  into a home and keeping them away from the &quot;button&quot; caused a  little chuckle to escape me.  This is an album that must be understood to  be appreciated.  In '83 I didn't understand what I was hearing.  I wanted  &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; and &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;.  I wasn't ready  for Poetry To Think By.  I hope that Gilmour will agree with me that,  looking back, letting Waters take center-stage for his last go with the  band, and getting these things off his chest, was ultimately good.
6305892806|1.0|I was very eager to watch this movie, being a Jane Austen fan.  I read the book, and loved it!   So, after watching this movie, I was extremely  disappointed.  Not only does it change the events of the story, but it  makes up scenes as well.  Also, there is no development of the characters.   You never feel as if you really get to know and understand them.<br />I don't  see why with having only two hours to present this marvelous story that the  movie producers and screenplay writers feel that they have to make up their  own half of the story.  It was genious as Jane Austen wrote it!   Read the  book!
B00003XB8K|2.0|What a disappointment.  To begin with, the first track takes way too long  to get off the ground, and the talking accompanying this track is very  annyoing.  I think Enigma is trying to be too enigmatic.  Most of the rest  of the c.d. was rather unappealing.  There are a couple of okay tunes, but  nothing special.
0060235152|5.0|My daughter has loved this book since she got it at 7 months old.  She's now 2 and still loves it.  The &quot;animal&quot; motions quickly became a  sign language for each animal, enabling her to name animals much sooner  than spoken language allowed.  On zoo trips, she'd tell me what each animal  was, using the motion desribed in the book: at the giraffes, she'd bend her  neck enthusiastically, at the elephants, she'd stomp her foot, etc... She  learned one motion at a time, starting with the seal, and it's been great  fun for all of us to watch.  Especially the shoulder-shrugging buffalo.   It's inspired us to invent other animal motions, and there's just no  stopping us now.  I get this book now for any friend with a 7-18 month old,  and it still promises years of fun.  It also helped her learn body parts,  even less basic ones like neck and shoulders.  Get this book and then have  fun expanding on the theme!
B000003S28|2.0|I have heard of Brian Eno for years, but never bought any of his music.   And I think I'm glad I never have.  His music sounds contrived and  strained.  It didn't sound relaxing.  There are other artists whose ambient  music is superior.
B00004TJTS|5.0|No eye-popping digital effects, no needless violence, no dirty language or sex- just a wonderful movie about love and loyalty between a boy and his  dog. &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; isn't some cutesy kid's flick, all  sugar-coated and such. This film has guts, and is quite powerful. Harry  Conick Jr's narration in the film is superb and will bring you to tears  itself. If you've seen the movies &quot;A Christmas Story&quot; or  &quot;Angels in the Outfield&quot; and enjoyed them, then you will love  &quot;My Dog Skip&quot;. Highly recommended.
B0000020T3|5.0|Ah, the exquisite agony of unrequited love!<br />Does such a thing exist  anymore?  If we were to believe nearly everything that comes out of  Hollywood, the answer would be &quot;no.&quot;  It seems that everyone gets  who they want in the end, from the starriest-eyed First Love to the most  jaded veteran trapped in a marriage of convenience.<br />So the emotions  expressed in this recording may be beyond the experience of most people.   But others will find the rich, vintage British Invasion guitar work and  layered vocals like so much chocolate sauce and whipped cream rubbed into a  raw wound.<br />It is to them that I say: you will find this pain delightful.
6305810109|5.0|After his skewering of American suburbia in 1986's &quot;Blue Velvet,&quot; you'd hardly expect a love letter to Americana from bizarro  director David Lynch. But that's just what we got in 1999: a G-rated  slice-of-life telling the true story of Alvin Straight, an elderly man who  traveled from Iowa to Wisconsin to visit his estranged, ailing brother--via  riding lawn mower. As Alvin, veteran character actor Richard Farnsworth  etches a fascinating portrait of a man in the twilight of life with the  resolve of a pit bull. He also has one monologue about World War II that is  more powerful than anything in &quot;Saving Private Ryan.&quot; Couple that  with fine support from Sissy Spacek as Straight's daughter, and director  Lynch has made a quiet triumph.
031286504X|5.0|Remember when you were a child and a girl or a boy said, &quot;I wouldn't  kiss you if you were the last person on earth.&quot;  How would you feel if  you were the last perosn on Earth?  Meet Robert Neville, for he could  awswer that question...for he is that last man on Earth.  What happened to  make him the last man on earth? Simple, we're all Vampires.  Neville has to  try to survive as the last man on Earth.  He alone must stand aganist the  vampires....  I really liked the char of Neville.  I found it  interesting that he would go through the vampire myth on what is the best  defense aganist them. One by one, he sees which is the fact and what is the  fiction.  It was also intereseting how he wanted to know &quot;how&quot;  the vampires were created, and what makes them a vampire.  I found the dog  a powerful char. It's hard to explain why I say that, because I don't want  to give anything away.  This was a very good novel and one of the most  interesting vampires books that I've read.  If you get his book, you won't  be sorry.  Just so you know, I am Legend is a short story of 170  pages.
B000021Y77|5.0|The most frenetic and energized movie since &quot;Pulp Fiction.&quot; Tom Tykwer's German import features a potent Franka Potente as Lola, a young  woman with 20 minutes to come up with big money to save her boyfriend's  life. The film, a technical marvel, spins this tale in real-time three  times over, with slight plot alterations resulting in drastically different  conclusions each time. &quot;Run Lola Run&quot; may signal the future of  renegade action cinema, as shocking and unmissable as Lola's fire-red hair.
B00003CWTH|5.0|i loved this movie, i mean really loved it. i lived in the san fernando vally two years ago and anderson gets the place right, he gets the people  right, he gets everytihng right. this is just about the best picture i have  ever seen. the actors are super, the emotions they portray so insightful  and so insidious you can almost feel you are in the room with them, the  pharmacy with Jullianne Moore, the bedroom with tom cruze and jason  robards, etc. love, hate, rage, the pain of the past, the horror of abusive  parents, it's all here. i also recommend boggie nights, another very true  to life picture of how people actually live their lives, without the sugar  coating most movies and tv shows bring. Magnolia is magnificant.
B00003CWL5|5.0|The best film of 1999 was the decade's last great entry in the genre it will become known for: the black comedy. Deserving of its place alongside  &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; and &quot;Fargo,&quot; Sam Mendes' transcendent  &quot;American Beauty&quot; chronicles the Burnhams, a suburban American  family drowning in their own polished miseries. Kevin Spacey, Annette  Bening, Wes Bentley and Thora Birch all shine in this astute, clever, and  ultimately moving tale of the dangers of trading our loves for our lusts  and forsaking that which is truly important. &quot;American Beauty&quot;  finished out a renegade decade for world cinema in high style.
6305014140|5.0|Ardent anime buffs of magniloquent action, killer-designs &amp; some of the best animation outside &quot;Otomo's&quot; cyberpunk classic  &quot;Akira&quot; are in store for a real treat. It's &quot;Kurosawa&quot;  meets &quot;Kawajiri&quot;, in his own stylistic film version of a lone  wolf's encounter with some of the most diabolical demons this side of the  anime realm. Jubei Kibagami is a vagabond samurai were you'd least expect  it coming out of a film drenched in a quality so stylishly outlandish.  However, this description hardly does justice to a surprisingly engaging  film full of action, intrigue &amp; unexpected kinky romance done to the  extent of excellence; as could only exist in animation film  making.<br />Whether you're just starting or continually developing an anime  collection of your own, &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; is a definitive choice for  DVD. One that appeals to the most fervent ninja/action fan, as well as  those ready for it's heavy-handed nature. Like it or hate it, but  nonetheless be amazed at this film's often faultless style; which is  non-stop excitement from beginning to end.
B00003CWN3|5.0|The debut film from Kimberly Peirce is an American tragedy almost too devastating to witness, though impossible to look away from. Hilary Swank  delivers one of the year's best performances as Teena Brandon, a woman  living life as a boy named Brandon Teena, in backwater early-'90s Nebraska.  Teena falls for the naive Lana (Chloe Sevigny), another young woman whose  dreamy spell is on a crash course with harsh reality. Director Peirce and  co-screenwriter Andy Bienen have fashioned an unforgettable film.
B000000OQF|5.0|Amazingly, this is one album, and one band, that still harvests high praise and vicious attack from all over.  Once 'Appetite' appeared on the  scene in late '87 the music scene changed for the better.  Remember the  80's music before Guns?  Over produced pop and dance rock flooded the radio  and TV with meaningless lyrics and vapid sappy cartoon personalities with  nothing between their ears except sex and money.  Through honest expression  and brilliant musicianship the wild 5 of Gn'R single handedly washed away  all the MOR heavy metal hair band garbage and broke punk into the  mainstream.  Every song is a classic. Period.  You will find that people  who slag Gn'R are either failed musicians from the 80's or desperate 70's  rockers who want rock to return to ridiculous costumes and goofy posing on  stage with an audience of lighters held aloft in cliche honor of tired old  music.  Fuh....here is the best rock ever was.  Oh, how I envy the kids who  rediscover this album and hear it for their first time...they will feel as  inspired as the rest of us were.
B000035Z3K|5.0|... This DVD is second to none with its added extras and bonusmaterials. ... I thought the picture quality was remastered unbeleivably well. It did not show its age I didnt think and the added spanish version is a real treat. A must for all classic horror picture fans. ...
B00003CX6P|1.0|1999 was a great year for films.  Masterpieces such as American Beauty and Fight Club took audiences' breaths away and other fine films like The Green  Mile, The Sixth Sense, The Insider, etc. delivered fine storytelling.  But  there are also the films that were well received by critics but are  extremely overrated.  There's Being John Malkovich-a film which is more  creepy than funny-and then there's The Talented Mr. Ripley-a film that's  more funny than creepy, although I was told it wasn't a comedy.<br />The  Talented Mr. Ripley initially began with promise.  But after a decent half  hour it goes very downhill from there.  There's so many problems with the  film I wondered why the director never bothered to improve on them.  For  one, with a film this slow paced you have to wonder why it's labeled a  suspense/thriller.  It takes over an hour for anything to really  happen.<br />Perhaps what I disliked most was the lack of likeable characters.   Jude Law's spoiled rich boy is too bratty and arrogant, Gwyneth Paltrow as  his girlfriend is too whiny and dumb, Cate Blanchett's in the film for  about 15 minutes, and Matt Damon is too odd and murderous.  Speaking of all  these actors, most of them aren't fit for the role with the exception of  Law.  Damon does his best but he's incredibly miscast as Ripley.  I never  get the feeling he could be a murderer.<br />The title refers to Ripley as  being talented, but as a reviewer states below, where's the talent?  He  claims to be able to mimic people but when he pretends to be Law's father  it wasn't until Law acted with surprise that I realized it was an imitation  (in other words, he's not very good at disguise or mimic as everybody in  the film thinks he is).  Okay, he does take over a man's life and nobody  notices, but virtually the whole reason for that is because nobody seems to  have the intelligence of a gnat to figure that out.  <br />At 2.5 hours,  Ripley goes on far too long.  Just when you think it might end,it doesn't.   Just when you think it might get better, it doesn't.  As for the  conclusion, I sure as heck hope nobody plans to make a franchise out of  this.
0393317552|3.0|Having read the book and approximately 100 of the reviews, I have decided  to give this book 3 stars. That conclusion is based on the fact that much  of material is either new to me or is something that I had never sat down  and thought about. I found the book interesting, provocative, and,  ultimately, unsatisfying.<br />In covering thousands of years of history over  many continents, Diamond, by necessity, deals in sweeping statements and  (over) generalizations. Because specific statement and arguments are not  referenced (there is only a section on &quot;Further Readings&quot; in the  back of the book), the reader not intimately familiar with the book's  wide-ranging material must rely on Diamond's abilities to analyze and  reason in a unbiased manner.<br />It is immediately apparent on picking up the  book that Diamond's reason for writing it is to refute any notions that  Western civilization is superior because of the people involved. Instead,  he argues that Western civilization is a fluke of nature, and that it is  only luck that prevented Europe from being colonized by Third World  peoples. I have no problem with Politically Correct thinking as long as it  is factually correct. However, Diamond, very early in this book, gave me  reason to doubt his abilities to analyze and reason carefully.<br />The best  example of the above is his discussion (on page 20 and 21) as to why he  thinks that native New Guineans are more intelligent than Europeans. He  offers no evidence except the observation that New Guineans have an obvious  advantage over him when he is trying to find his way in the jungles. This  is really not so surprising: one would expect people who have lived in an  environment all of their lives to have mastered it. A truer test of  intelligence would be how quickly someone can master a new environment. His  argument is really no different than saying that Bostonians are more  intelligent than Midwesterners because the Midwesterner finds the streetlayout of Boston to be confusing and ends up getting lost (an experience I  recently had).<br />The arguments proposed by Diamond as to why New Guineans  are more intelligent than Europeans are even weaker. One argument is that  constant tribal warfare selects more intelligent people. A moment's thought  raises major questions about that line of reasoning: Why does warfare with  primitive weapons select for intelligence instead of for size, brute  strength, aggressiveness, or quickness? If there were constant innovation  in weapons and fighting tactics, that would be a method by which  intelligence would be selected by constant warfare by giving a survival  advantage to intelligent warriors, but no evidence was presented to support  that notion.<br />The second reason is even weaker: New Guineans are more  intelligent because they don't watch TV! The research on childhood  intellectual development and TV viewing that I have seen is inconclusive,  and Diamond does not quote any research to support his claim. Perhaps his  claim is true, but, if so, it clearly leads to a conclusion that Diamond  does not anticipate and that he would clearly object to. If TV watching  leads to lower intelligence and functions as do most environment factors,  then more TV watching would lead to lower intelligence than would low or  medium TV watching. In other words, it would not be an all-or-none  phenomenon. However, Diamond does not address the fact that, in several  surveys, African-Americans have been found to watch considerably more TV  per day than do other ethnic groups. By Diamond's reasoning,  African-Americans are therefore less intelligent than are members of other  ethnic groups, including New Guineans. He would be clearly appalled by this  conclusion, yet it follows naturally from his previously stated line of  reasoning. <br />My question then is whether the reader can trust Diamond to  analyze and reason carefully and take his line of inquiry wherever it  leads, however unpopular and politically incorrect that may be. Based on  the above example, I think the answer is no, that he will not venture into  areas and explore other than a strictly environmentally deterministic  approach. That is why I find this book interesting, but incomplete and,  ultimately, unsatisfying. He simply leaves too many questions  unaddressed.<br />Many general reviewers are greatly enamored with this book,  but I would have liked to have read more reviews by professional  historians, cultural anthropologists, and archaeologists.
B000002KOG|4.0|After a few years of coming and going with Buffalo Springfield, the &quot;first American supergroup,&quot; Neil Young parted ways for good in  1967 with his band. In 1968, with Crazy Horse pianist Jack Nietsche  arrangement, Young's self-titled debut was unleashed. Out of all his  following albums, &quot;Neil Young&quot; is the most cohesive, mainly  because Nietsche helped keep the budding artist on track. It probably has  more overdubs than anything that Young did with the Springfield, and  certainly everything since Granpa Crispy struck out on his own. The album  starts off, ironically, with one of Nietsche's own compositions, &quot;The  Emperor of Wyoming,&quot; a nice, pleasant country instrumental. &quot;The  Loner&quot; follows, and now we are clearly in Neil's world of angst and  paranoia. &quot;The Old Laughing Lady&quot; is a great track, with female  background vocals reminiscent of anything done for Motown, despite the fact  the song is clearly not a Motown product. Besides the aforementioned,  Neil's other songs of longing, like &quot;If I Could Have Her Tonight&quot;  and &quot;What Did You Do to My Life,&quot; make this a thrilling ride. The  final track, &quot;The Last Trip to Tulsa,&quot; is Young accompanied only  by his acoustic guitar. The track is about nine minutes long, with the most  arcane, non-sensical lyrics I have ever heard. The crazier the song become  lyrically, the harder Young strums his guitar, until you think the strings  will crack under the strain. With Nietsche's brilliant arranging,  &quot;Neil Young&quot; is a fine start to a long, storied career.
B000002I2G|3.0|This is my least-favorite doors album, has some good songs but overall is  rather boring. I especially don't like &quot;Runnin' Blue&quot;,  &quot;Wishful Sinful&quot; and &quot;Do it&quot;.They just don't grip me.  Instead I like all their previous albums, and I think every band has at  least one weak moment in their career, even the doors, and overall it's  still o.k., even for a &quot;weak&quot; effort. &quot;Tell all the  People&quot;, &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; and &quot;Touch me&quot; would go  on my personal &quot;Best-Of&quot;, the rest would stay off. I think this  album showed that the doors were kinda fed up with their previous style and  wanted to try something new. Give it a fair chance but buy all the rest  before.
B00004TWZG|5.0|yes the &quot;extra&quot; footage goes a long way in rounding out this picture. THE PROFESSIONAL is a great picture in its american format, and it  is awesome in the international cut. why are we americans so uptight? why  won't &quot;they&quot; let us see the stuff that europeans get to see? are  we that far behind intellectually? are we that dim? i don't know. yes, the  stuff they cut seems &quot;racy&quot; &amp; &quot;inflammatory&quot;. but  we're adults. we know what's what. nathalie portman drinking champagne  &amp; flirting? relax, already! the &quot;missing&quot; scenes from this  movie are some of the most enjoyable and powerful in the whole pic. see the  roulette scene. portman's portrayal amazes me. a thought-- first there was  &quot;nikita&quot;. then came &quot;lon&quot;. will luc besson complete  his &quot;cleaner&quot; trilogy and make... &quot;mathilda&quot;?
B00004U8PA|5.0|Those who have seen thise movie will either have there mouth drop or laugh hystericely, or both. the fact of Tim Curry in drag might shock some  people, but I can say this movie is one of the best I've seen in a long  time. Hearing Susan Sorandon singing &quot;Toucha Toucha Touch Me&quot;,  and Tim Curry sing &quot;Sweet Tranvestite&quot; was some of the funniest  parts of the movie. If you havent seen this movie you should.
0140186409|5.0|After all these years and many readings, this is still one of the most  astounding and humanistic books in existence.  Steinbeck's mastery lives  on.
B00004THAY|5.0|Excellent CD.  I got a lump in my throat listening to this in my car for  the first time.  If B.B. dominates this album its because he's the best.  BTW, I can't think of anyone I'd rather see him team up with than E.C.  This CD is a must have for any true music lover.
0792101448|5.0|Previous reviewers of this film all seem to belong to a younger generation.  For some of us the  impact of dear old, sometimes soppy, Henry  Fonda as a cold hearted killer was a shock we  may never overcome.  He  proved beyond all doubt in this film that he was an actor of depth  and  flexibility.  Having struggled to get through ON GOLDEN POND, this film  reawakened  the admiration felt for Fonda over many years.  How could we  come to hate so much the man  we'd all loved so strongly?<br />Leone's films  all made an effort to portray the frontier as it was truly.  Hardly  pleasant, rarely  the scene of direct conflict with Native Americans [who  avoided the whites when possible],  but the arena of conflicting white  interests.  The railroad was the paramount influence on  how the frontier  was addressed.  Mining and trapping meant nothing without the railroad to  bring supplies and remove products, whether hides, ore or crops.  The  railroaders were an  unscrupulous lot [you paid four times for the laying  of track], the only ones with money to  hire gunslingers on a regular  basis.<br />The roles of Fonda, Robards and Bronson show how vague the  definition of evil can be.  Robards is never disappointing, and his role  here more developed than most.  The choice of  Cardinale is clearly the  type of glamorous element Leone favoured and it's not worth  complaining  over.  Her role is but a sideline to the conflicts among the men.<br />This  film is a superb choice to add to any collection.  It's a 'see often' type  of film, given the  nuances that inevitably escape detection in a single  viewing.  Add it to your collection, it will  be valuable for years to  come.  You older folks will have to explain to your children about  Fonda,  but without his other films for comparison, words will not likely suffice.
B00004THAY|5.0|Excellent CD.  I got a lump in my throat listening to this in my car for  the first time.  If B.B. dominates this album its because he's the best.   BTW, I can't think of anyone I'd rather see him team up with than E.C.   This CD is a must have for any true music lover.
0684800713|5.0|and that, I think, might explain the polarized reactions people often have  to Hemingway in general, and this book in particular.      This book, I  think, is difficult to appreciate after all that has happened since 1926.   The persistent complaints about the (perceived) lack of plot and the odd  dialog will almost certainly never end, and are probably not wholly without  merit.  But a point needs to be made; The Sun Also Rises is not the sort of  book you take with you on vacation to Myrtle Beach.  It is dark,  depressing, and not at all &quot;enjoyable&quot;.  Yes, the characters are  crummy people, they are bigoted, their activities are repetitive and  pointless, and you don't exactly find yourself gripped with anticipation to  see who Brett will do next.  But that is the whole point.  The interesting  thing about the characters is not what they do, but how they came to be the  way the are.  As for the dialog, I'll be damned if people don't really talk  the way Hemingway suggests.  If it seems weird, it is perhaps because the  author isn't walking you through it.  The thing is, everyone is post-modern  now.  But Hemingway was playing that game long before the English majors of  the world had a word to identify the style.      If you are being forced to  read this book for a class, I guess I can sympathize.  But just because you  don't like it, doesn't mean it isn't worth your time.  Even Hemingway's  detractors (and there are a lot of them) will acknowledge his role as a  literary groundbreaker.  After three-quarters of a century of non-stop  imitation (both conscious and otherwise) it is hard to appreciate the  impact that this book had on the literary world.  On the other hand, if you  only want to read books that you find enjoyable, suspenseful, or inspiring  (and nothing wrong with that), I would suggest that you look elsewhere.   Those of you who already know what Hemingway was about, don't like the idea  but order this book anyway...  I cannot imagine whatyou are thinking.
0312243022|5.0|Having never read Mrs. Dalloway, I was concerned that The Hours would be  difficult.  But it isn't difficult at all.  In fact, I had to slow myself  down to savor the richness of the language.  This isn't a plot-laden book;   it's just a beautifully written, stream-of-consciousness view into the  thoughts and hopes and dreams of  three women:  Virginia Woolf;  a  mid-twentieth Century California housewife who's reading -- and living --  Mrs. Dalloway;  and a contemporary New Yorker named Clarissa who is  throwing a party for a friend whose pet name for her is &quot;Mrs.  Dalloway.&quot;
1577311523|5.0|It is my sincere opinion that this is the greatest book ever. Just after a  few pages I knew what I was reading was the truth that I've been searching  all my life. And it was always inside me... I have never felt so peaceful;  it is as if I came home for the very first time. As I am reading this book  I feel like I am reading my own &quot;words&quot; (words that were locked  in a chest for a long time, until Eckhart Tolle gave me the key).  Thanks  Eckhart.
B000001FRY|4.0|The boys in U2 were still in their teens when they wrote and recorded Boy,  but it is a very accomplished record.  The songs primarily deal with the  growing pains of impending adulthood.  U2 harnessed the energy of punk, but  substituted the negativity of their predecessors with hope, joy, enthusiasm  and the wide eyed innocence of a child.  Pounding, pulsing tunes are  littered throughout as the rhythm section delivers one of their finest  performances.  There's not a bad cut on here and the standouts include  early live staples such as &quot;I Will Follow&quot;, &quot;Stories for  Boys&quot; and &quot;Electric Co.&quot;  This is the sound U2 invented and  hints at what was to come.
0671042858|5.0|Ok, first of all, all you people out there cutting up on this novel have  to stop comparing it to previous King works.  OBVIOUSLY, King was not  trying to write a &quot;Christine-It-Gerald's Game-Salem's  Lot-Carrie&quot;, so why make pros and cons based on nothing but the fact  that King has been branded as a &quot;horror writer&quot; and therefore can  produce nothing outside THAT genre.  Though the tale isn't exactly a horror  novel, it has a cleverly wound plot that keeps the reader interested and is  incredibly well written under the circumstances given.  King took a rather  bland topic (I know ~I~ couldn't talk about a little girl being lost in the  forest for 200+ pages without losing the reader's interest) and produced a  great, intriguing story.<br />The story is about a 9-year-old(?) girl named  Tricia McFarland who becomes lost in the woods for days on end.  Her only  window to the outside world is her Walkman (she listens to the baseball  games of her hero, Tom Gordon, hence the title of the novel).  A bit slow  at first, but becomes more interesting as it moves on.  I would recommend  this book to anyone.
B00004TWZG|5.0|Okay, I have seen both versions of this film, and let me say that the extra 26 minutes adds a lot to the movie. Both versions are spectacular but  one scene in peticular (where Mathilda threatens to kill herself in a game  of Russian Roulette) adds a whole dimension of emotion this this movie. If  you have the original, don't worry about missing a lot, but if you haven't  seen this movie already get this version.
B00000J7J4|5.0|To me, whose first purchased album was &quot;Abraxis,&quot; one of the greatest pleasures of this album is how neatly Santana's trademark guitar  grandstanding fits into all this hip and ironic new music.  The master and  his disciples fit together seamlessly.  Some tracks are, of course, better  than others.  Wycleff Jean is totally the emperor's new clothes, and Dave  Matthews does his usual lazy turn on a repetitive classical music  rip-off(sounding like Perry Como here), but that's probably OK --someone is  going to like these yawnsome performers.  At least all the Latin funk is  just as it should be, and Rob Thomas et. al. do there stuff with Carlos  like they've been doing it forever.  Who is Cee-Lo?  He does a VERY stylish  hommage a Al Green here which is better than all right, it's fabulous!    And if your heart isn't pounding like a jackhammer after Carlos rips into  his metal guitar break during Everlast's nice, nasty &quot;Turn Your Lights  On,&quot; you haven't GOT a heartbeat.  Buy this album:  it blends the best  of the old with (some) of the best new music around.
0316777722|4.0|After finishing David Sedaris' latest, I found myself missing him in the same way tend to miss Holden Caufield. A true and funny friend gone away.  Like most most gay guys I find Sedaris endlessly endearing while endless  annoying.  I wish he would write a novel but he's probably too lazy.  A  wonderful read.
B00004Y9PP|5.0|This a sci-fi movie that actually thrills the viewer from opening scene to the credit roll.<br />During a journey, a ship carrying many paasengers is  caught in a metor shower and the pilot must make an emergency landing on a  seeming deserted island.  During the crash, many of the passengers die but  a hand full survives.  Among them are a convicted killer, the cop that  arrested him, and a monk.<br />The survivors soon learn that the planet is far  from deserted.  Beings that live in the dark tunnels and underpassages  inhabit the planet.  Fortunately these creatures can only live in darkness  and the planet is surrounded by three suns.  Unfortunately, an eclipse that  occurs once every 22 years is about to happen.<br />This is one of the best  alien sci-fi films I've seen since the orginal Alien.
B00000258J|5.0|My Dad picked this record up for me when I 10 and 'I saw the light.' As a  little kid, I'd liked my Dad's rock-n-roll albums and Hard Again showed me  why (the best rock shows it's blues roots). This is a tight album with  great production and a great backing group. Pine Top Perkin's honky tonk  piano is too much and Johnny Winter's guitar work sizzles! I've gone through one album, two cassete tape versions  and two cd's of this album (keep handing them out to people who don't know  much about the blues). I'm getting the Hard Again box set this time.
0316777722|5.0|&quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; was my first introduction to the warped  mind of David Sedaris. I don't intend for this to be my last introduction.  I laughed out loud at some of the hilarious tales Sedaris tells, which  sometimes are so outlandish, they can only be true. (Hording spoiled fruit?  A brother who talks to his dad like he would his bar buddy? Performance art  with sock puppets? No one can make up this stuff!) His essays on the more  mundane, like the challenge of New York Times crossword puzzles and the  idiosyncracies of Americans in Paris, are also funny. It might take a  certain sense of humor to get some of this, though. I read a few stories  out loud to my husband, and he didn't laugh at all of them. Must have  something to do with my husband's IQ... (But that is another Sedaris  story!)
B00003CWTH|5.0|This movie provides heaps of existential ideas that will be talked about for a long time.  And that's good! The performances were all great.  William H. Macy was excellent!  He had the best line in the movie,  &quot;I've got some much love to give.  I just don't know where to put  it.&quot;  Movies like this and Happiness and Kids and Crumb are so  misunderstood because they have no connection to standard movies.  At least  these movies make you think.  Are subects like relationships, death, fear,  shame etc interesting to anyone?  Or would you rather have...chats  about the show &quot;Survivor,&quot;  Monica Lewinsky or Elian Gonzalez.
6304297912|4.0|Trainspotting was the best film of 1996 in Great Britain and it continues to generate emotional polar opposite reactions today.  The film neither  glorifies drugs nor drug addicts but does illustrate in a graphic manner  the allure of drugs in today's society.  Four working class guys with  average educations, middle class backgrounds, and futures that don't seem  to hold much promise are drawn to the heroin-chic society of 80s Scotland.   The four, Renton, Sickboy, Spud, and Tommy become victims as the failure of  parents, social service agencies, the medical profession, and law  enforcement to intervene has little effect and success.  That the story is  set in Great Britain is irrelevant because the story is an American one as  well, and the problem defies national boundaries.  What is unique is the  humor and irrevent cheek of the four boys whose lives descend rapidly while  their habits become deadly.<br />Some video versions of the film have minor  variations but predominantly differ in the scenes of  sex between Renton  and Diane with fleeting glimpses of ecstacy rather than full frontal nudity  cut from the American theatrical release.  In addition,  the dubbing of  Ewan McGregor's opening monologue tones down his thick brogue for sensitive  American ears that fail to understand the Queen's English.  VCR or DVD  editions also feature interviews with the team of Boyle and MacDonald and  scenes deleted from the final cut, but whichever edition you have, its the  same story with only miniscule changes.  The soundtrack is a marvelous  compilation of music to shoot up by various artists and now is heard on  main stream television spots for automobiles in the US.  Brilliant  character acting by Robert Carlyle as Begbie and McGregor as Renton  introduced them to mainstream American audiences.  The film is rated R  however no one dies from guns or violence inflicted by others.  The  clinical scenes of addicts shooting junk into their veins disgust and  disturb for good reason.  It should.
078322608X|5.0|<BR><BR>What you do you when you dont like the usual slasher movies, romantic comedies, hired killer (replacement or not), and other nonsense...   You sort of like science fiction movies but really need a sense of  humor?<BR><BR> The answer is a bad bruce willis movie. You get some  preliminary sci-fi stuff, then get to the funny stuff.  Bruce is both a  stand-up and slapstick comedian.  12 Monkeys is a must-have.  It is  priceless.  After this, Armageddon and The Fifth Element.  Dont be fooled  into buying more recent and reportedly good bruce willis movies.
1558908846|5.0|There are very few films that everyone in my family can enjoy, and a film that my father isn't complaining at the end of is one of the rarest things  I can think of.  Judge Dredd was one of the very VERY few films my father  not only isn't complaining about, but actually praises and will watch again  and again and recommend it to other people.  Even I loved it, and I am  beginning to get tired of most of these monotonous effects-driven sci fi  movies.  Judge Dredd was anything but monotonous and effects-driven, having  an original plot and a look unique to it's own self.  I could actually  point this movie out in a crowd, which is more than I can say about many  other sci fi movies these days.  The special effects were not the only  decent things in this film, and even with the INCREDIBLY HIGH EXPECTATIONS  everyone in our family has, every single one of us loved it.  One of the  most remarkable effects in my opinion was the large robot that the villain  controlled.  It was absolutely frightening.  Sylvester Stallone may not be  the handsomest guy, but he's a good actor, I think, in this film.  My  father especially loves that \\"I knew you'd say that\\" line that  Judge Dredd keeps letting out with-and it is, in fact, one of our little  family sayings.  I would recommend anyone to watch this, if they craved a  visually stupendous, action-packed film with an smart and original  storyline-and had the intelligence to appreciate it.<br /><br />Edit:  This is an old review, and I am much older and wiser now.  And at this point, I realize that this movie is right-wing authoritarian propaganda, and was totally unfaithful to the creators' vision.  The original was supposed to be a lampoon of authoritarianism and totalitarianism, and this movie unfortunately left that out and instead celebrated the evils that the creators were speaking against.  I was younger then, and under the unfortunate opinion that a \\"good\\" movie was exciting and had lots of special effects, and I wasn't so much aware of the devastating effect that authoritarianism has had and has now on cultures and on society so I didn't much notice or care.  I suppose if you are RWA just looking for a Mary Sue wish-fulfillment fantasy where you get to kill people you don't like with impunity and think it would be so much better to live in a totalitarian right-wing society where all those \\"uppity\\" minorities can be \\"dealt with properly\\", you will love this movie, but if you're a little smarter and less RWA--and/or aware of the original vision of the creators--you will hate it.
6305428352|5.0|I love this movie.  I really do.  On January 19, 1996 it opened in theaters across the country and people gave it a standing ovation at the theater where I saw it.  This movie set a precedent for me -- I saw it 5  times in the theater, something I have never done before.  I REALLY LOVE  IT.<br />The movie starts out in the 1964-1965 school year.  Mr. Glen Holland  (Richard Dreyfus) plays a musician forced to table his musical career for  economic reasons.  His wife is pregnant and he has to find stable work.  An  opening for a music teacher at the former Grant High School (now Kennedy)  in Oregon has become available.  Mr. Holland applies for and gets the  job.<br />Reluctant to put his dream on the back burner, Mr. Holland enters  the classroom.  He is confronted with an array of students ranging from  naturally talented to tone deaf.  After initially getting nowhere with his  pupils, Mr. Holland tries a new approach.  He encourages them to talk about  the music they like and uses this as a way of establishing an interest in  music.  One young clarinetist catches his attention and he works 1x1 with  the girl, extracting hard work and talent for her.  He helps her find her  voice. He tells her that he can &quot;teach her music and notes on the  page,&quot; but as for &quot;all that other stuff,&quot; he cannot teach.  It has to be felt.  ....<br />The movie does an excellent  and convincing job of covering a three-decade time span.  One of my  favorite scenes was when Mr. Holland borrowed the Driver's Ed class' 1965  Dodge Coronet (an especially cool car) and drove it like the proverbial bat  ...<br />The movie is really about love.  Love for music, love for  people and love for the best people have to offer.  The high school coach  who befriends Mr. Holland early in his teaching career helps him work with  his pupils in marching band drills.  The coach also helps the  administration continue their tradition of hosting school shows....<br />I really love this movie.  I  even bought the tape.  It is a loving work of genuine art.ovie.  I  even bought the tape.  It is a loving work of genuine art.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I just have to say this is some of the best work i have herd in a while.  It sholdn't matter if it's about christianity or heaven or anything like  that. What matters is the music. If you like it and gets to you than thats  all there is to it. They persent music in a way unique to them.I say creed  has once again brought great music to us. With open arms, Higher,and Whatif  are big on the charts. With open arms has had a big affect on me. And  Higher has really taken me to a higher spirtual place. The song What If  also help me keep my feet on the ground. For me Creed has helped me in all  my life. So all i can say is i hope Creed continues to put out such good  work.
B00004YA66|5.0|I will start this by putting my name first to the list of &quot;Frequency&quot; lovers. Saw it this past weekend and I was blown  away!  Although it drags some toward the beginning, when it gets going, IT  GETS GOING!  This rates as not only my favorite of the year but one of my  all time favorites. Get it, Get it, Get it !
B00000DCHI|4.0|The only problem I have with Billy Joel's &quot;Greatest Hits Vol.  1-2&quot; is that there are two notable hits left out- &quot;All For  Leyna&quot; and &quot;An Innocent Man&quot;. These were two important hits  on Joel's career that should have been included. Otherwise, this is a great  collection of hits from Billy Joel throughout his whole career. Highlights  include &quot;Piano Man&quot;, &quot;Scenes From An Italian  Restaurant&quot;, &quot;She's Always A Woman&quot; (one of his best), and  &quot;Goodnight Saigon&quot;. The whole CD is really a good document of  Joel's career and is a good buy.
078062369X|4.0|The other reviews for this movie make me feel bad I don't have a DVD player.  But in other words, this was a good movie with great fight scenes  and killer intensity.  The sword fight at the end is the best, with the  sparks flying and the muscles on snipes are about to explode.  That would  have been disgusting.  The beginning was a little boring until the fight  scene with all the vampires, and never got boring again.  Good film.
0441172717|5.0|I'm trying to read what is said to be the best novels in all genres of  fiction.  This was one of my ventures into the &quot;best of science  fiction novels&quot;.  This truely lives up to its billing because of its  muti layered story line and complex character development.  I was very  impressed by the novels layout.  Its easy to see that a lot of planning  went in to writting this book.  To be honest i was much more impressed with  the style of the writting and the thought that went into every aspect of  the way the story unfolded than the actual story itself.  Don't get me  wrong the story was fanatsic, but done by a man with lesser talent and  imagery and one might say it comes off a bit.....dare i say.....cliche? I'm  talking about the main storyline here when i say cliche, its the  surrounding elements and subplots combined with Herbert's genius that  separates this novel from all others. Anyway if you enjoy a great adventure  with extreme detail to both atmosphere (and that's no outerspace pun) and  character, this should be your next read.  Forget whether you enjoy science  fiction or not, this is a classic that everyone can enjoy.  Next up.... the  movie! By the way if you look closely and use your imagination you can pick  up alot of similarities to Star Wars. However i will not mention any so as  to not ruin anything for anyone.
B00003CXFU|4.0|&quot;Erin Brockovich&quot; is a satisfying, uplifting movie that could have come off preachy or maudlin if the director hadn't made the  personality of Erin and her interactions with coworkers and clients the  focus of the piece. This is Julia Roberts at her best -- and I'm far from a  JR fan. In fact her performance is worth an oscar. I hope she has an  opportunity to play more brassy broads with character, instead of the  sensitive vulnerable roles she usually gets. All the characters are  well-cast.<br />The movie invites/demands comparison to &quot;Silkwood&quot;  and &quot;A Civil Action&quot; and it comes off looking better than both.  &quot;Silkwood&quot; was preachy and self-righteous. While  &quot;Action&quot; was one of the best nonfiction books I've ever read, it  was too complex for a good movie. &quot;Erin&quot; corrects the  shortcomings of both.<br />Well worth the time it takes to watch it.
B00003CXDG|5.0|As I saw this movie in the cinema I was very surprised. When i saw Mission Impossible 1 some years ago I found it a middle-rate movie like many other  action movies. But this second part is so full of suspense and dramatic...  it's a a feast for your eyes! Tom Cruise shows his best sides and Thandie  Newton as his partner is a lovely sight! *g* Buy this DVD and enjoy the  game! You won't be disappointed!
0446677450|5.0|I had worked as a software engineer for a long time, and honestly I really  wanted to be a rich person but I didn't know what and how I shoud do.  Actually, this book is telling you about very basic things about what we  think of money, and also the author tries to tell you how you should change  your thought about money and your life. After reading this book, I started  studying BS, PL, and Cashflow to improve my economic life. This book is not  that difficult even to an engineer like me, and it will be a great guide  leading you to get economic freedom in your life.
0767903854|5.0|This book is unbelievable, considering it was written by an American/Brit.  He observes Australia with the dry wit that could only really be written by  a longtime Australian. Australians think they are the only ones who can  appreciate this stuff, and he's beaten us at our own game.<br />It's a  magnificent book, and anyone who has any interest at all in Australia,  including every single Australian, should read it immediately.<br />I rather  suspect that there are a lot of Australians, myself included, who feel  slightly peeved that this book was not written by one of us. And that's all  I want to say.<br />Thanks, Bill
B00003CXFV|5.0|This is a great movie-- in a nutshell.  it explores the life of a young single woman burdened by three little kids, and this transformation thing  that she undergoes while helping others.  Anyone who says this story, this  movie is not personal doesn't have the slightest idea what  &quot;personal&quot; is.  though the language is a bit (ok, *very*) crude,  it is down-to-earth, something which i find refreshing.  It's also funny.   <br />Just... buy this movie, okay?  It's kicky, fresh, down- to- earth, and  moving.  What could be bettter?
6305949638|5.0|This film is so good because it is so matter-of-fact yet still so sweet.  This film is about living life and learning lessons, and it has a sense of  closure so you do not feel like you missed something after watching it.  It  has a sense of old-time character mixed with sincerity, belonging, passion,  love and self-discovery.<br />The acting is superb and maintains a quality  lacking in so many modern films.  If you are looking for a good film to  watch, I recommend this.  I would call it the perfect movie.
8186336141|5.0|A book to read and re-read for many, many years... an amazingly concise  and complete resourse for the yoga practitioner - this is an excellent  textbook featuring over 400 practices.<br />The description of each practice  are presented in a methodical and specific manner - each technique comes  with set-by-step directions on the practice; breathing awareness during the  practice; benefits; contra-indications; variations and so on.<br />The  illustrations are line drawn rather than photographs: This is an advantage,  as it stops the reader from over-identifying with the photo; &amp; becoming  too dispirited by comparisons to glossy photos.<br />If there is a drawback to  the book, it's that it can be a little overwhelming - there's a lot of  information here! Fortunately it's well ordered, and well  presented.<br />Another point is that it doesn't try to replace role of a  competent teacher : it's a textbook of practices rather than a specific  course of instruction.<br />But this doesn't detract from the book at all -  merely indicates the level that the book is aimed at.<br />If you're looking  for a distillation of authentic yoga knowledge, this really is a book to  have by your side.
6304240554|4.0|Dawn of the Dead is simply a good zombie film.  The suspense is not extreme, but it is present.  You do want to keep watching to see how  everything will turn out.  <br />The setting is a neat idea and the characters  show what can happen when everyone does not work together as part of a team  in the zombie-fighting realm.<br />If you like zombie flicks, this is a  classic!
B000003S5H|4.0|This CD is like listening to elevator music that you like!  I only gave it  four stars because the first few times listening I only liked &quot;Kelly  Watch the Stars&quot;.  However, after being entranced by that song for  hours, decided to give the whole thing another go.<br />The result is, this  album is awesome over all, once you can get its mood.  This is truly an  artistic CD, that you are sure to enjoy, don't regret a missed opportunity  and pass it by.
B00003CWL6|4.0|Brilliantly black like a wave of eclectic sorrow, frustration and low life. Spacey is spaced. Benning is lovely in her illusory adventures into  the morbid extremes. Must see for all who know what a film is.
B000000H5K|5.0|Wow..there is three kinds of Sep. Benathe the Remains, slayer type,  Against with Derrick Green, and there is ROOTS. Take your pick from those  three, I'd go with Roots. Roots hits you hard just the get-go. My two  favorite tracks on this CD are..&quot;Roots, Bloody Roots&quot; and  &quot;Spit&quot;. Ross Robinson can chalk up another great CD to his  collection. It's a kinda sad that Max left Sepultura if you haven't check  out his new band yet *Soulfly* Do so..I like em' more then Sepultura WITH  Max. Trust me, worth the look. :-)
B00000INEX|2.0|Our one year old has loved Baby Mozart since she was 6 months old.  I bought Baby Bach for variety - what a mistake!  The toys don't move enough,  the clips of the director's children are lame, and the music isn't nearly  as catchy.  This was horribly thrown together.  If you want variety try  something else.  (Though we've also tried Baby Genius and others but  nothing seems to hold our daughter's attention like Baby Mozart.)  Good  luck hunting, but please don't waste your money on this one.
B000000H4V|4.0|This is the so called &quot;Sold out&quot; Album by Sep. Now..I was never  really into there thrash anyways, if I want it, I'll turn to slayer. Chaos  A.D was a start of good things with Sepultura. Look what they did with  roots! But they then made a horrible mistake by letting Max go. Chaos has  some great songs..and some boring one's. It's good, if your a big fan or a  die hard fan of Sepultura. If your wondering if you should get it and you  never got a Sepultura CD before, get some of their older stuff, then  Roots..then decided if you want it. Thanks for reading! :-)
0792153189|2.0|The premise is great: a disaster flick centering around the human response to impending annihilation.<br />Too bad it was so darned uninteresting.<br />The  movie never really found its focus. There were glimpses of the national  reaction, mainly viewed through the plans of the U.S. government (once  again, the United States are the saviors of the planet! Does this seem a  little egocentric?) The fact that this preparation took a backseat in the  film was a real mistake. For me, the most compelling notion in the movie  was how do we choose who survives? Here, survivors were selected from a  random pool of anyone under age 50.<br />I just couldn't forgive the  inaccuracy of this lottery. Think of all the factors that would be  introduced in trying to procure a sample of people who would be best for  survival. First of all, what about genetic makeup? Wouldn't people be  screened for predisposition to disease, mental health problems, or more  importantly, sterility? Barren men and women would be out, they would be  unable to build the population base back up. Furthermore, there is no way  our country has evolved to the point were race and socioeconomic stature  would not figure into this selection. Think of the frightening  &quot;genetic cleansing&quot; that could occur if some facist were in  charge of this task. Eek!<br />I understand that this was not the point of the  movie...but why not? Instead we follow the astronauts in space, which  followed a typical &quot;wisdom and experience takes the young by the  hand&quot; moralistic clause, and the lives of a few families back on  earth. Way too much of the wooden Tea Leoni was the end result. The  representation of the avearge American once again focused on white, middle  class families. Furthermore, the final solution of as long you're okay with  your family, whether you live or die is irrelevant is a rather shallow  theme.<br />The ending provided some interesting thought which of course was  underscored; since theComet hit the Atlantic, only the East Coast and  Europe were affected. Essentially, Japan and East Asia were unharmed. While  the U.S. rebuilds its capitol, perhaps it will no longer enjoy the status  of world leader? Ah well, perhaps a topic for the sequel.
B000000OU6|4.0|Personally, I think Slash is the greatest soloist ever. This album is not  a Great album. It is good, and worth the money to me. Before I bought it, I  read all these reviews saying how bad the vocalist was. That actually kept  me from buying it for a long time. I was pleasantly surprised when I  finally heard it. He basically sounds like a cross between Izzy and the guy  from AC/DC but not as good as either. His voice doesn't bother me, though.  Slash's playing is awesome as usual. It really sounds like an excellent jam  session. Hope this helps y'all decide.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|I loved this movie, it should be the next classic. It stars cute 14 yr old Frankie Muniz of the popular fox tv show Malcom In The Middle. He plays a 9 yr old birthday boy in the movie. Its a good movie full of plenty of tears and happiness, based on a true story.
0385484518|4.0|I thought this book had a great story.  The way it was put together kept  you reading no matter how tired you were.  You had to keep reading to see  what happened next in the short time that Morrie had left.  At the end it  moved you to tears, not only because you knew the end was coming for  Morrie, but because of the struggles he went through with his illness and  the love he had for everyone and not just his family, but for all man kind!
6305897786|4.0|After reading very mixed reviews on this film I had to see what Roman had done to El Club Dumas.  Having read the book some time ago, I didn't really  see how it could be adapted into a film.  But much like James Elloy's LA  CONFIDENTIAL, it was adapted by stripping out all but one of the many  subplots and basing the whole film on it.  I loved this film and can't  praise it enough, and reading the book is not necessary to understanding  it.  Johnny Depp plays Corso, an amoral rare book dealer who is slowly  seduced by the left hand path.  You don't like him at the beginning of the  film, he is not a nice guy, but by the end, when you at least empathize  with him, he is far worse than you could have imagined.  It is a slowly  paced seductive piece of work that has to be re-screened to be appreciated.   Americans like obvious entertainment, they generally don't want to have to  work at a puzzle or an art form to get at it's meaning.  It's a shame,  because this one has a lot to offer.  If you think the plot is silly, it's  not for you.  It's done in a very European style and may be an acquired  taste.  I won't say that those who dislike it are stupid, but I have  learned over time not to rashly criticize things I simply don't fully  understand.  I've looked at unliked books and movies years later and  wondered &quot;what was I thinking?&quot;.
B00003CWTH|1.0|Good question.  I haven't the foggiest idea.  Either this movie was made to impress critics and film students who are attempting to figure out its  deeper meaning, or it's just a really rotten movie.  In my opinion, it was  truly a waste of time.  My husband and I have rented many movies over the  years, and I can count on one hand the ones that I would rate as bad as  this one.  When I rent a movie, it's because I want a little entertainment.   I'm not willing to rack my brain that hard trying to figure out such a  mess of a movie.  <br />The week after we watched Magnolia, I mentioned it to  several friends and co-workers.  Their reactions were all similar, such as  &quot;I wish I had known before you rented it, I would have told you to  save your money&quot;, or &quot;That was a terrible movie.  How did you sit  through the whole thing?&quot;  Then we'll have a few laughs about the lack  of plot, overacting, and pitiful lack of sense the movie made.<br />I'm not a  movie critic, or a student of &quot;art&quot; films, or maybe I'm just not  deep enough to get it.  I'm just a regular person who enjoys watching  movies.  This one stunk.
B00003CX95|5.0|As a film, this is truly an awe-inspiring masterpiece that joins the ranks of great classics like &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot;. Paramount did an  excellent job in bringing this movie to DVD. The picture is clear and  pristine due to the anamorphic enhancement &amp; widescreen formatting  which is required to convey the beauty of the film's various expansive wide  landscape shots of the Scottish valleys. Audio soundtrack is richly  detailed and expansive in its use of surround effects which adds the effect  of &quot;being there&quot; especially during the brutal battle scenes.  James Horner's music score comes through just beautifully. One aspect of  this dvd I really enjoyed is the audio commentary track by the director  himself Mel Gibson. He was very cordial, humorous, and at times very  informative about the whole affair of making this movie. Just listening to  Mel Gibson talk while viewing this movie made it feel as if you were  watching it with a down-to-earth friend. You'll get a kick out of it. Trust  me! There is one thing though: I just wish Paramount had included the TV  clips from the Academy Awards show of Mel Gibson receiving the Oscars and  his acceptance speech. The entire crew &amp; Mel Gibson himself so richly  deserved the Oscars the film won and including those Oscar clips in this  DVD's supplements would have been icing on the cake. This DVD is a  no-brainer, you can't get any better than this.
1573221562|4.0|Waters successfully brings the Victorian era to life in this story of an emotionally vulnerable &quot;spinster&quot;,Margaret Prior, who attempts to  overcome the losses of loved ones by taking up charitable social work with  the women of Millbank prison in London.  Her relationship with Selina  Dawes, a spiritualist imprisoned for fraud and assault, progresses from  mere fascination to blind passion, and the reader is pulled along with her  in her quest for love and purpose in a world which has deprived her of the  opportunity to achieve either.  The cold, damp and dreary setting of London  and Millbank Prison is a fitting backdrop to this story of Margaret, who  much like the women to whom she ministers, is herself imprisoned and nearly  destroyed by the repressive social structures of her day.  The book is  written mostly as excerpts from Margaret's diary.  Interspersed among these  are brief excerpts from the diary of Selina Dawes, the spiritualist.  This  technique works brilliantly, because it creates more of a challenge for the  reader to distinguish between the inner reality of the characters and the  objective reality of the story.  It also makes the ending much more  dramatic.  Read it, by all means.  It's a bit of a slow go at first, but  the build up is necessary to the progression of the story.
0790731509|5.0|This is one of the great, old films from the sixties.  A visual and emotional masterpiece that managed to capture both critical and commercial  success, proving its appeal to a wide range of audiences.  This is an old  Hollywood movie but with some new Hollywood themes and ideas.<br />Stuart  Rosenberg's 1967 film \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" is a story about a loner who after  cutting some heads off of parking meters is sent to prison and forced to  work on a chain gang.  This is the basic story but the film itself is more  about a man who is destined always to be a loner.  He is similar to Ethan  Edwards in \\"The Searchers\\" or Travis Bickle in \\"Taxi Driver\\" in a way that  all three of these characters are complete and utter loners.  They never  really fit in, at least not for long, but are always very interesting.<br />At the beginning of the movie Luke is alone, drunk and in an act of  rebellion against the government starts vandalizing property.  We never  find out what drove him to this but we know it was \\"rules and regulations\\".  We know he was a war hero so perhaps he couldn't adjust to regular life  when he got home, who knows, the point is that he is a loner.  He is sent  to prison and at the beginning of his sentence he is still a loner.  He  isn't a regular prisoner yet but is still quite different from the other  new guys.  He has a certain air of intelligence around him and a little  cockiness too.  He eventually gains the prisoner's respect and eventually  becomes a sort of God in their eyes through stuff he does (including a  savvy poker move and one crazy egg-eating contest).  Through all of this  though, he is still not really one of them.  He is however one of them in  one scene of the movie: the one where the prisoners are shoveling tarmac  onto a road and Luke manages to ruffle up their spirits and the men finish  the job in a very short time.  In this scene all of the men come together  in a kind of mis-guided rebellion against the guards.  Luke is equal to  them at this point but doom is on the horizon and as the viewer you sense  this.  The death of Luke's mother changes everything and he gets \\"rabbit in  his blood\\" and proceeds to try to escape.  He is a loner again at this  point.<br />The film goes on until the final stand off with the prison guards.  What happens is inevitable.  I'm not going to say what it is but it will  seem necessary to prove a point.<br />Acting wise this is Paul Newman's best  work to date.  He is one of my personal favourites and had delivered  outstanding roles in \\"The Hustler\\", \\"Hud\\" and \\"Nobody's Fool\\" but this tops  them all.  His finest moment in the film comes when he sings for his dead  mother.  The look in his eyes says it all and you can't help but feel his  pain.  The rest of the cast is great with George Kennedy in an Oscar  winning role as a prisoner and Strother Martin as the prison warden (\\"What  we've got here is a failure to communicate\\").<br />This is a very underrated  film that deserves a look from anybody who loves movies.<br />Thanxs...to  them at this point but doom is on the horizon and as the viewer you sense  this.  The death of Luke's mother changes everything and he gets \\"rabbit in  his blood\\" and proceeds to try to escape.  He is a loner again at this  point.<br />The film goes on until the final stand off with the prison guards.   What happens is inevitable.  I'm not going to say what it is but it will  seem necessary to prove a point. <br />Acting wise this is Paul Newman's best  work to date.  He is one of my personal favourites and had delivered  outstanding roles in \\"The Hustler\\", \\"Hud\\" and \\"Nobody's Fool\\" but this tops  them all.  His finest moment in the film comes when he sings for his dead  mother.  The look in his eyes says it all and you can't help but feel his  pain.  The rest of the cast is great with George Kennedy in an Oscar  winning role as a prisoner and Strother Martin as the prison warden (\\"What  we've got here is a failure to communicate\\").<br />This is a very underrated  film that deserves a look from anybody who loves movies.<br />Thanxs...
0064400018|5.0|This book gives off such a warm cozy feeling.  Garth Williams did an excellent job with his drawings!  He makes the characters so real.  Mrs.  Wilder was an excellent story teller.  I'm so glad she saw the value to her  Fathers stories to pass on to us.  You can feel the love the family has for  each other.  Ma liked all her things to be pretty, her daughters well  mannered and taught them how to cook, sew and play.  Pa passed on to them  his art of storytelling and his love for nature.  Both parents taught them  hard work.  I felt sorry for Laura when she was overlooked in town by the  storekeeper who complimented Mary and ignored her.  What happy times it was  for them.  The sugaring off dance, the Christmas with the cousins and the  wild creatures that lived amongst them.  A must read for people of all  ages!
B000002J09|5.0|This is the definitive Zeppelin album.  It brings out the absolute best in  a band that saves the best for the end.  It truly is a joy to listen to  this album.  Not only does this album have the hard core electric guitar of  a true rock group, but also exhibits a softer folk sound with an acouistic  feel; proving that this is a remarkably versatile group.
B0000028P8|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS MARIAH CAREY LIVE IN CONCERT.THIS IS REALLY GOOD.I LIKE  &quot;EMOTIONS&quot;,&quot;MAKE IT HAPPEN&quot;,AND &quot;VISON OF  LOVE&quot;.THIS SHOWS HOW SHE CAN SING LIVE AND YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS.
0316920045|5.0|I was living in a small, small town in the 'burbs of Osaka, Japan and ther  local library had ONE English book. I loved it and Infinafe Jest stoped me  from going crazy in a world where I knew no one and couldn't really speak  Japanese at all. Just ordered a copy for my best friend and for myself!  PLEASE READ THIS BOOK! It's wonderful and full of all sorts of insites...
6303394000|3.0|Spell binding.  The story and the music and the dancing and the acting.  Bob Fosse was a master with no equal.<br />Absolutely a great movie.
B00003CWTI|5.0|&quot;Magnolia&quot; is the movie that I thought really showed Paul Thomas Anderson's genius.  It's pretentious, it's long, and it's excellent.   Trying to write a synopsis of the plot is impossible, tho, so I won't  bother, except to say that it's about a bunch of people in LA County.  The  rest is far too complex for a short review, and besides, you probably read  it above.  I'll just point out that all of the performances are amazing,  which isn't terribly surprising, it being a PT Anderson film.  Also, I  think it's worth noting that &quot;Magnolia&quot; isn't for everyone.  If  you don't like downbeat films, you're probably not gonna like this one.   Same goes for those who don't like strange plot elements.  If you don't  mind either of those, give it a shot.  Concerning the ending (I won't give  it away, but if you plan on seeing it, you might not want to read this  anyway): a lot of people seem confused about it, understandably.  I should  point out that what happens at the climax really does happen in real life.   It's uncommon, but it's not made up for the movie.  Go look it up.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you havent seen it...See it! If you HAVE...See it again! Either the critics just plain DIDNT GET IT...Or shrewdly pretended not to!  Considering Fight Clubs tauntingly in-your-face Political INcorrectness,  its easy to see why most critics opted to play it safe!<br />Here is a film  that almost cries out, &quot;HATE ME! DESPISE ME!&quot; An occasional film  gingerly will step on the toes of audience sensibilities. Fight Club drop  kicks them! Yet, it is so unrelentlessly and quirkily original, so  pathologically tantilizing..you will LOVE it...and then HATE yourself for  it! (If youre skeptical, just look at that slick DVD packaging!)<br />Make no  mistake, however, Fight Club always shows its audience ample respect. It  never pontificates nor proselytizes, as would your typical formulaic  Hollywood film. <br />The term &quot;Ride&quot; is employed so freely to  movies today, that it has become rather meaningless. Fight Club re-invents  the word! Literally, from the DNA Rollercoaster opening Credits  (Accompanied by the DUST BROTHERS musical eqivalent of a sustained  amyl-nitrate rush!), to the metaphoric wailings(&quot;Were still  men!&quot;) of castrated testicular cancer victims, to the mesmerizing and  deftly parlayed 3-way screen chemistry of Norton- Bonham Carter-Pitt, to  the sharply focused pointlessness of our cruise-control,  hyper-consumeristic lifestyles...Fight Club synthesizes both our pent-up  frustration and our self-induced reluctance to communicate it, in RULE  #1...&quot;You DO NOT talk about Fight Club!&quot;<br />This, Ladies &amp;  Gentlemen, is one &quot;RIDE&quot; you DO NOT want to miss!
0060987464|5.0|This is the best book ive ever read
1561004847|4.0|I will not criticize Jane Austen's work and anything that makes her more  accessible in the pure (unabridged) form is to be praised.  BUT, please be  informed that this edition requires the tapes to be listened to on a player  with speaker balance controls!  If your player does not have this capacity,  or if the speaker in question cannot be turned off completely, this set is  useless.  Of my two cars, two portable players, and home stereo, only two  of them can play this edition.  So, this means that I drive that car even  more than I used to, and fold laundry more, whilst listening to this.
B00003W8NM|4.0|In the tradition of &quot;Physcho&quot;, &quot;Magic&quot; and other nut films, this one ranks right up there with the best of them.  Then end was a  total suprise.  Pitt out does himself in the one.
B000003S1A|5.0|Adrian Belew's voice takes some getting used to, simply because its TIMBRE is unlike anyone else's; it may sound like David Byrne only superficially  but after a few listens you realize that unlike Byrne, this guy can REALLY  SING, and his EERIE voice becomes PURE SMACK, completely addictive. As for  the guy's guitar playing, what an incredible array of sounds and how  perfect for King Crimson.<br />Bruford puts in one of his most awesome  displays on 'Indiscipline.' 'Sheltering Sky' is Fripp's quintessential  tune--hypnotically soothing, especially when you're driving through a dark  'Starless and Bible Black' night. 'Matte Kudasai' is one of the most  romantic rock tunes ever recorded, just beautiful.<br />Tony Levin became a  legend of bass guitar in the '80s after this album and Peter Gabriel's  'Security.'<br />Above all, the PRODUCTION on this album is SUPERB. This is  the first time Crimson made truly great use of the studio soundwise. There  are all kinds of LAYERED SYNCOPATED SOUND TEXTURES without sacrificing A  SINGULARLY FEROCIOUS BITE AND BOUNCE that blows most heavy metal and punk  out of the water. Rhett Davis is a genius producer.
B00003CX95|5.0|What an amazing movie!  First of all, Mel Gibson shows (once again) why he is one of the best actors ever to grace the big screen.  Even though his  Scottish accent was a little thick, I think he pulled off the role of  William Wallace to perfection.  But what really makes this such a great  movie is it's contrasting scenes.  There are very few movies where you can  go from a gruesome battle scene one minute to a romantic love scene the  next.  Two thumbs up for this one!
6303212263|5.0|Anyone who can remember when this movie first came out, watching in theatres, knew they were seeing something special.  This was the biggest  epic to come out since Gone With the Wind! And it definitely lived up to  it's billing.  Despite the fact that the special effects are outdated, it's  still great fun to watch.  Anyone who read Superman comic books growing up  will love this film.  One of the best of all times, and definitely the best  super-hero movie ever.  And why not?  It stars the biggest super-hero ever!
B00003CX5A|4.0|First of all, let me just say that just because I gave this movie four stars, doesn't mean it isn't a five star movie.  Johnny Depp and Christina  Ricci compliment each other beautifully on the screen, and I think that Tim  Burton does a brilliant portrayal of the headless horseman and Ichabod  Crane.  But I was really hoping for more of Christopher Walken in this  movie as he is one of my favorite actors.  But other than that I think that  this was a great movie and unlike a lot of horror movies this is one that  you can watch again and again.
B0000009RX|5.0|When I first heard this album as a teenager in 1979. I was blown away that  an album could be pessimistic &amp; sacastic of society and also be  inspiring &amp; fun at the same time. This album is really a montage of  little tuneful pop &quot;ditties&quot; with some experiemental sound  samples. One just needs to hear nasal retentive calliope music to be  hooked. This song contains everything from eric clapton proclaiming he sees  &quot;god&quot; to a wonderful surf drum beat (with cool waves in the  background). Another great song is MOM &amp; DAD which tells the story of  how parents lost in surburbia culture &amp; values. <br />This album still  sounds great today. Pick this up along with FREAK OUT &amp; ABSOLUTELY FREE  and you will have a perfect document of life in surburbia in the  60's......Yes you too can become a Mother People!!!
B000002GJH|5.0|Everyone else got it about right on their reviews. Chris' vocals have  never been better and the guitarist's pumped out (arguably) their best  work. But, hardly anyone, (if anyon) mentioned Matt Cameron's drum work.  Absolutely phenomenal as it always was. My personal favorite drummer.
B000002KYB|5.0|I was lucky enough to be living in England just outside London in a little  town called West Ruislip just down the cobbled streets from the \\"T\\" station  near the famous \\"Orchards\\" pub when this album was released in 1982, and  the young English couple living in the flat upstairs played this over and  over, introducing me both to their good taste in music and the terrific  group called \\"Dire Straits\\" in the process. Of course, as I think back upon  it, I was familiar with their hit \\"Sultans Of Swing\\", but never really paid  much attention until hearing this terrific album and Mark Knopfler's  unbelievably stirring, crisp and innovative guitar solos. Here they  introduce both their unique and unforgettable sound and also their very  introspective lyrics. Both \\"Telegraph Road\\" and \\"Industrial Disease\\"  provide running commentaries both on the contemporary employment problems  in Britain of the early eighties, and a number of more personal matters as  well.<br />In the short two years I lived in Britain, Knopfler became a kind  of institutionalized artistic force everywhere one looked, writing  soundtrack music for (among other films) \\"Local Hero\\" and \\"Cal\\", performing  both alone and with Dire Straits, and collaborating with other artists, as  well. The music here is very and innovative progressive rock, and the  electric guitar work literally sings by itself.  When I listen to the album  now, it is a source of continuing amazement to me that Knopfler could make  the sounds that emanated out of that instrument so uniquely animated as it  is. The whole band is terrific, and it is sad that they made so few albums  before internal frictions broke them apart. Enjoy this and their other  wonderful albums. Here in \\"Love Over Gold\\" they make an indelible stamp on  modern rock that I am sure you will find entertaining and entrancing.  Enjoy!
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie is spellbinding!  Mel Gibson really did a fantastic job with this movie.  I've seen it a number of times and each time it just gives you  chills. The acting is fantastic and all the shots of the Scottish  countryside are breathtaking!  Enjoy, enjoy. You won't be disappointed!
B000000W6X|4.0|Well, Protection has its hits and misses. I think the female vocals and  lyrics are more impressive than the male vocals (except for Horace Andy,  he's always good) in this one. Tracey Thorn shines in  &quot;protection&quot; (bold lyrics) and &quot;better things&quot; and  Nicolette, sounding like a modern day Billie Holiday, twinkles in  &quot;three&quot; and &quot;sly&quot;.  Craig Armstrong's piano over the  rubbery, slip and drag instrumental in &quot;weather storm&quot; is  awesome. Tricky and 3D in &quot;karmacoma&quot; and &quot;eurochild&quot;  are ok but lacks something that I just can't put my finger on. Martina  sings a better version of &quot;karmacoma&quot; on Tricky's first awesome  album, Maxinquaye, but under the title of &quot;overcome&quot;. <br />I think  more could have been done with &quot;light my fire (live)&quot; or it  should have been left out completely. It just sounds like a space filler.  Still, this CD should not be over looked by any trip hop enthusiast. Check  out Massive Attack: Blue Lines and Mezzanine, Portishead: Dummy and Tricky:  Maxinquaye for a better time.
B000002BHE|5.0|I have been a huge fan of Celine's since 1994 and have many of her English  CDs, as well as a few French CDs and overall I would say &quot;Falling Into  You&quot; is the best. She would probably not think so, for I have heard  her say in interviews that her best work is &quot;Let's Talk About  Love&quot;...also a great album, but I have friends who are not as big of  fans as I and they still love the &quot;Falling Into You&quot; CD. IT'S THE  BEST:-)
B000000WHX|5.0|I bought &quot;Blue Line&quot; album after listening to Massive's 1998  release &quot;Mezzanine&quot; and was not impressed at first. I read that  it was an essential album that influenced to whole trip hop genre (though  critics and trip hoppers also site Smith &amp; Mighty as the first) and  that it was a classic. The two albums are quite far apart in style and  tone. Mezzanine being, dark, edgy and heavy, Blue Lines more easy, neutral  and urban. <br />Now that I've had Blue Lines for a while and have all three  Massive releases to compare it to, I see it for what it is worth. It sound  more urban than their other two albums with soul, rap, reggae and R&amp;B  influences. I think the male vocals in Blue Lines are more impressive than  the male vocals on Protection.   Tracks like &quot;blue lines&quot;,   &quot;five man army&quot; and &quot;daydreaming&quot;  are great.  &quot;Safe from Harm&quot; is a decent opener with Sara  Nelson's soulful  voice over a smooth bass guitar.  It's not edgy and dramatic like Mezzanine  or trys to be slick like Protection but it is an essentially, cool   recording. So pick it up and hear how they sounded in the early day of trip  hop.
1577311523|5.0|to read how to BE who you are....NOW in the moment.  This book literally  changed my life!  The interactive moments really made me see just how much  I let my mind wander in the course of just a few minutes.<br />If you want to  become more aware, have more energy &amp; FEEL who you really are....read  this book!
0385493800|5.0|The Testament is a wonderful story told by a master storyteller. One of Grisham's most redeeming stories about human nature, The Testament brings  to light the sliding scale of the &quot;lesser of two (or more)  evils&quot;. From the very beginning, there are no bones made about how  terrible the entire Phelan family is, from sire to ex-wives, to children,  and all the way through to grandchildren.<br />Troy Phelan is an aging tycoon,  in a great deal of pain during his last days on earth. His ex-wives, his  children, and his grandchildren all await his death, to inherit a piece of  his $11 billion empire. Knowing that they have squandered the gifts he has  bestowed upon them, and knowing that none of them have proven to be of much  worth professionally (or privately), he jerks the rug out from under them  by writing and revoking, and writing and revoking, will after will.  Finally, he calls them all together to witness what they think will be the  final will and testament...but Troy, being the sharp-minded sneaky  businessman that has amassed this great wealth - pulls another fast one on  them, presenting a holographic will that proves to be his ultimate will and  testament, as he commits suicide shortly after signing it.<br />Josh Stafford,  Phelan's trusted attorney and closest business advisor, now must find the  heretofore unknown heiress that Phelan has given the bulk of his estate to,  with nothing but a name and a general idea of who she works for, and where  she might be. Josh selects Nate O'Riley to go find Rachel Lane in the  Pantanal region of Brazil; Nate just happens to be recovering in a private  rehab clinic, and is due to be released soon. In choosing Nate, Josh points  Nate towards his destiny, a journey through which Nate will never be the  same again - a journey in which he finds redemption for his past.<br />The  Testament is one of Grisham's few novels that have positive meaning that  one can take away and apply to one's own life. If an addictand alcoholic  like Nate can safely traverse the shaky terrain towards sobriety and  abstinence, without having to &quot;work the program&quot;, then so can we  all. Granted, it would be ludicrous to suggest we all go to some jungle  region and contract dengue fever or malaria, but there is something there  in such a journey - literal or figurative - that will take us to the other  side of life that is healthy and whole.<br />Kudos to Grisham for a  &quot;happy ending&quot; for the characters in The Testament who strove to  improve themselves.<br />Peace Out.
B000000WA4|1.0|&quot;Mellon Collie&quot;?  Oh, I get it.  Cute.  Well, thefirst clue that this is a dud is that most decent double albums sell at more than this one, which reflects its relative worth. <br />There is really nothing  here, as the so-called &quot;hits&quot; are poor and the filler is  exceptionally poor.  I guess every band deserves to put out a mediocre,  self-indulgent and erratic album at least once in their career.  The  Beatles did it with the While Album, Pink Floyd did it with the Wall, and  now we have the Reeking Pumpkins offering with Mellon Collie.  So bad it's  not funny.  1-star.
6305750750|4.0|Well, what can be said about this movie that hasn't alreadybeen said? I really like the packaging for this widescreen edition. The box is nice, the film cel is a cool added touch and the Art of Phantom Menace preview book makes buying this package well worth the price. Very good marketing strategy, Lucasfilm!<br />About the film itself, George Lucas definitely seems to be putting kids first in the Star Wars series, and it all started with Return of the Jedi (which is still better than Phantom Menace). He went from the darkest, most intense film, The Empire Strikes Back, to the most corny (belching, Tarzan yells, etc...), uninspired film of the original series, R.O.T.J. The trend continues in The Phantom Menace.<br />People are very mixed over Jar Jar binks. Some hate him... and some will defend him until they're blue in the face.  ...I thought Chewie doing the Tarzan yell in Jedi was bad enough, but this is even worse!<br />Alright, enough about Jar Jar. The special effects, of course, are amazing. In fact, the pod-racing scenes are reason enough to buy this movie. Simply jaw-dropping! The space battles are great as usual and the backdrops of Naboo are absolutely beautiful! They also did a very nice job with the skeletal C3-PO.<br />As for the acting, it is well done. Everyone does an admirable job, including Ian McDiarmid as Palpatine and Darth Sidious and young Jake Lloyd as Anakin Skywalker. Plus, the intriguing Darth Maul had one of the best entrances I've ever seen! ...Awesome! The only thing that mars the performances is that the dialog is pretty dry, but I'm sure the next film will expand on what was said in this one. I also hope that, like Empire, the second film of this series will be much darker.<br />All in all, this is a very enjoyable film. ...With a cool package of goodies and at this price, how can you afford not to buy this movie?  END
630587493X|5.0|I cannot explain what this movie has done for me. It is not just an excellent plot, but an excellent cast of actors as well. I believed the  first 40 minutes were a tad drawn out, but once the story picked up, and  the film traced the Martin family, it turned into one of the most beautiful  movies I have ever seen. It truly makes you think about your own  appreciation of life, your own capacity to love, and your own mortality.  This film makes you remember that very often, the least tangible things in  life are what make life sweetest...freedom, love and joy. I recommend this  to all who are in search of renewing their own life with happiness and awe.  You must search for these themes...but they are there. I feel deeply sorry  for the people who are obviously fearful of exploring themselves and hope  that one day they love the life they were given as much as Andrew loved  his...
0385484518|5.0|I could not put Tuesdays With Morrie down!!!  I usually have a hard time  reading, seeing as I was blind and crossed when I was younger, but this was  the first book I have sat and read almost in one sitting!  It was amazing.   It gave me something to look forward to in my own life.  I jotted down many  notes and quotes as I read and look back, they fill me with compassion and  understanding of life~ at least a little more than what I had.  This book  made me laugh at many parts and made me shed tears of sadness at others.   Tonight I went out to a park with one of my friends.  I did not really  notice all of the things I was missing out on:  the little daisies, the  baby ducklings, rolling down a grassy knoll.  It made me free like I was  breathing life again.  WOW!  What a great time.  Tuesdays with Morrie is a  REAL book.  It is not really a fiction that you can never quite relate too,  but almost an autobiography about one man who helped a student learn all he  could about himself and life.  I have always had a passion for literature~  it carries me away, but this book was life.  I could feel the pain and love  and hardships the two main characters where faces with.  It was real.  The  issues that were discussed, where issues that everyone has to deal with at  one point of another in their life.  The advice, truth and wisdom shared  reminds me of a grandfather or mother telling their legacy.  Since I picked  up this book, I have not been able to get it off my mind.  I was working  today &lt;I work at a day camp with children&gt; and quotes from the book  kept popping in my head.  On the way to work this morning, I was frustrated  because I had to turn around take the long way to work because of road  construction.  I was then reminded of the traffic bubble man and the  &quot;don't sweat the small stuff&quot; thing.  After that thought, I felt  better and entered work happy and more refreshed.  I have NEVER had a book  make such an impact on my life.  I think Itis also the timing.  I am  moving into the next stage of my life &lt;college&gt; and ready to face  &quot;grown-up&quot; issues and responsibilities.  Again, I cannot thank  you enough for recommending this novel to me!!  Hopefully, my low  self-esteem will raise and once again I can throw myself into the world at  full force!!
B00004TWZG|5.0|This is an amazingly good film , because the tention is being built up so fantasticly...and the relationship he gets with the girl is almost to cry  for.<br />My english is not so good...<br />But this you will all  understand....<br />THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE.
0671646788|5.0|hai <br /> Always inspiring and +ve. read it before going to sleep every day  and put in to action what you read.That makes an important and POSITIVE  change in your life.<br />all the best.
B00000294R|5.0|Well, there's too much to say about this album, but I'll try to keep it  within a thousand words. L was, and still is, simply the best. He proves it  with crazy metaphors like &quot;when it comes to gettin' nookie, I'm not a  rookie, I got girls that make that chick Toni Braxton look like  Whoopi,&quot; and &quot;I told him give up the dough before you get  smoked... 'Oh, you broke?' (gunshots)... now you dead broke!&quot;  Definitely the most clever MC there ever was, regardless of whether he  achieved gold or platinum status. This album in particular is special  because of the stellar production from Showbiz, Buckwild, and Lord  Finesse(D.I.T.C.- the best crew in hip-hop for those that didn't know) and  dope guest spots from Herb McGruff, and the rest of his crew in Harlem.  People are just catching on to L's greatness even though this joint came  out in '95. It's a shame that L didn't live to see the success of his new  joint, but buy this joint and his legacy will live on.... R.I.P Big L  1974-1999.
B00000I7GH|5.0|De la Gran cantidad de discos sicodlicos aparecidos entre mediados y  fines de los sesenta, muy pocos han logrado expresar  en forma tan clara un  estilo musical como lo consigui el debut de Amon Duul II, aparecido en  1969 .Aunque con algunas influencias de Pink Floyd y los grupos de San  Francisco de aquella poca, Phallus Dei suena muy distinto al resto de sus  contemporneos, situndose a medio camino entre las ltimas manifestaciones  sicodlicas de la decada y los inicios del rock progresivo. Con textos en  alemn, un sonido atmosfrico y una bsqueda musical alejada de modas y  esquemas establecidos, este lbum es uno de los ejemplos mas notables de  aquella poca de experimentacin, un verdadero viaje a los sentidos que  cualquier seguidor de esta msica debera conocer
B000002OZY|5.0|The Who were struggling to make it as a group until this record was  released.  Plans for Tommy existed were and announced long before the  release.  Pete Townshend had written rock operas up to 7 or 8 minutes long  (&quot;A Quick One&quot; and &quot;Rael&quot;- the latter has a jam session  very simmilar to &quot;Sparks&quot; and &quot;Underture&quot;).  This was  Pete's 1st rock opera to take up 2 records.<br />When it was released,  &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot;, &quot;I'm Free&quot;, and &quot;See Me Feel  Me&quot; (from &quot;We're Not Gonna Take It&quot; were big hits.  John  Entwistle contributed 2 songs about the characters in this masterpiece  &quot;Fiddle About&quot; (Uncle Ernie's ode to the bedtime dance) and  &quot;Cousin Kevin&quot; (&quot;the schoolbully, the classroom  cheat&quot;).  Keith Moon was accredited to &quot;Tommy's Holiday  Camp&quot;.<br />If you're not familiar with the story, here's a synopsis.   Tommy Walker is born while his father is away at war (believed to be dead).   But Captain Walker is alive and well and returns while his wife is having  an affair (&quot;You Didn't Hear It&quot;).  Devastated, little Tommy  becomes deaf, dumb, and blind (&quot;Amazing Journey&quot;).  Tommy's  parents look for a cure but the &quot;Acid Queen&quot; and a doctor are of  no avail (&quot;Go to the Mirror&quot;).  Tommy's cure is discovered  through a pinball machine (&quot;Pinball Wizard&quot;).  The success of  Tommy led to performances at Woodstock and the Isle of Wright Festival and  eventually a movie and finally a Broadway production (with George Martin  doing orchestration).  <br />This is a great album and I recommend it over the  forgettable movie soundtrack with everyone from Elton John, Eric Clapton,  and Tina Turner (the more listenable moments) to Ann Margaret and Jack  Nicholson (no, Ann Margaret doesn't smash a guitar in the movie but she  does get to smash a televison which squirts out beans, chocolate, and  soap!).
B000005Z0E|1.0|He gain fame by his actin, but his debut was weak and it was not good at all. You don't want to purchase a CD that you'll never list to it again. I  hope other rapper learn from this album on how not to make a weak debut  like this cause it was real bad and the songs were just to slow and not  interesting especially from him
B00003CXDG|5.0|Despite mixed reviews and mediocre story line, John Woo's M:I-2 is quite possibly the best action movie I've ever seen.<br />Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt, an agent of the IMF, a CIA agency. He must stop a madman from  letting a deadly virus break loose in the world.<br />For those of you who  haven't seen it, I recommend it! Especially the high octane action scenes  .... Although quite different than the first  M:I (partly because of Woo's direction), this film (which should be  fantastic on DVD!) belongs right next to the first on a collector's shelf!  It certainly is going on mine!
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets rips especially Damage Inc. The first three are awesome  and so is Disposable Heroes.<br />Battery-absolute power, intro takes awhile  to kick in. Master of Puppets-All fast beat except for the middle of the  song where it slows down, I fastforward it. The Thing that Should not  Be-little slower but good to say the lyrics to. Welcome  Home(Sanitarium)-not too bad but I like the ending. Disposable  Heroes-awesome song of course. Leper Messiah-ok but other songs are better.  Orion-instrumental, okay. Damage Inc.-best song on the CD!
B00000099Y|5.0|Mostly what Tool does in their songs is no big surprise.  All they do is build to an emotional peak.  But it's that peak that captures you and makes  you listen to this album over and over again.  When I first bought this  album it was for the song &quot;Stinkfist&quot; but was dissappointed when  I only found 4 or 5 other songs decent.  It took me awile to be able to  appreciate this album.  Now everytime I listen to this album I like it even  better than the last time.  The key factor to being a Tool fan is patience.   Everybody wants to hear a nice song right away or the chorus and you need  to let this album grow on you.  Some songs wait a minute or two before the  actual song kicks in.  Now you could fast forward till Maynard starts  singing but it takes away a great deal from the song.  While the band is  decent musically Maynard is just God when it comes to singing.  The  dynamics in his voice totally change the mood in a song.  The best songs on  this cd are Stinkfist(of course), H, Useful Idiot, 46 &amp; 2m, and Aenima.   Enjoy this album.  Also check out Maynard's other band A Perfect Circle.
B00003CX59|2.0|Sigh ... this film was a disappointment. Tim Burton is one of the few big name directors who can be counted on to deliver movies rife with black  humour, offbeat perspectives, and dark atmosphere. Unfortunately,  &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is a flop -- the victim of Burton's unfocused  vision. He seems to have been indecisive about the kind of movie he wanted  to make. This is not a comedy -- there are only a few gentle laughs to be  found here, unless you find it hilarious to witness a foppish Johnny Depp  recoil from cadavers in disgust. It is not a drama -- even the main  characters are left under-developed, and their scenes are so bereft of  passion and legitimate emotion that I was unable to muster up the energy to  care about their dilemmas. Finally, it is NOT a horror movie. There are  teenage pranks involving jack'o'lanterns (ooh!), but NO frightening  moments.<br />The movie is poorly paced ... it plods along until the end, when  all questions which have been posed about the Headless Horseman are  speedily given pat answers. All loose ends are tied up so quickly -- and so  unconvincingly -- that I was left feeling cheated. I can only imagine one  LAMER ending -- and that would have involved the phrase &quot;Thank God it  was all a dream!&quot;<br />&quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot;'s virtues -- heavily  atmospheric, Gothic settings and gorgeous, lush cinematography -- were  over-shadowed by its flaws. Virtually all of the minor characters engaged  in MUCH scenery-chewing, while female lead Christina Ricci was reduced to a  role as &quot;the sweet blonde.&quot; A paper-white Johnny Depp looked  pretty in a succession of severe black waistcoats, but his performance as  Ichabod Crane was shallow and uninspired. The same statement could be said  about both Depp's perfomance AND &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; -- &quot;It  LOOKS good, but that's about it.&quot;
185984054X|1.0|This absurd attack on Mother Teresa rests on obvious McCarthyite tactics:   Mother Teresa has contacts with criminals (Keating) and right-wing  dictators (Marcos), so she must be a bit of a criminal and a dictator too.   One could just as easily argue that Mother Teresa has contacts with  pro-abortion politicians (Clinton) and Communist dictators (Castro)---all  of which is true--and, so, she must be a pro-abortion Communist.   Ludicrous, of course, but in the anti-Catholic atmosphere of the Left, such  hate is pure gold.
B00004LN16|3.0|This band is getting old and so is their music. Many people have said this is their best album since Back In Black and that might very well be true,  but it still isn't that great. A lot of their songs are just starting to  sound like a lot of their other songs. For instance, &quot;Stiff Upper  Lip&quot; one of the better tracks off this album sounds a lot like  &quot;Hells Bells&quot; while another decent track &quot;I Feel Safe In New  York City&quot; sounds a lot like &quot;Rock And Roll Ain't Noise  Pollution&quot; both tracks from Back In Black.<br />That being said, if I had  never heard there previous work, I would have though this was a pretty good  album. It's hard-rocking from the beginning and never really lets up,  though there are four tracks that are a little slower than the rest. There  is a lot of variation on the album itself with only a couple of the tracks  having really similar sounds. There are three really good tracks on here  which is my usual criteria for buying any CD and the rest are okay with  none that I skip on a consistent basis.<br />The best tracks are of course the  title track that I mentioned above. &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; is a great  fast sound, with a lot of pep to it. And the great thing about this song is  that if anything it seems to get faster as it goes along.<br />&quot;I Feel  Safe in New York City&quot; is probably my favorite track off this disc. It  has the cool syncopated feel to it with the beats just hitting you one  right after the other. It also has some good lyrics and a nice all around  sound.<br />The final really good track is &quot;House of Blues&quot; is more  of a groove tune and slows down somewhat from the other tracks above, but  it's a great tune, with some of the most bluesy sounding AC/DC I've ever  heard.<br />Anyway, if you're an AC/DC fan this is definitely an album you  want. If you're not and you want a better introduction to AC/DC I recommend  Back in Black and after that get Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap both are truly  great albums. Nonetheless, full of power, this album is definitely the cure  for the wimpy rock blues.Dirt Cheap both are truly  great albums. Nonetheless, full of power, this album is definitely the cure  for the wimpy rock blues.
B00004Y9PP|5.0|The critics that trashed this movie are truly ignorant!The storyline is deep and the special effects are awesome.There are underlining storylines active for each character.Everyone in the show has some sort of secret.This  movie goes into the true human psyche unlike most that claim to.Its also  nice to root for the quote&quot;Bad guy&quot;, who in actuallity is the  only one person who knows whats really going on.The feel and the  cinematography are incredible.I personally find this to be one of the best  new Sci-Fi fliks created.Some people just can't deal with true human nature  and for that reason, you may not like this movie.Pitch Black is AWESOME!
B000002UJQ|5.0|There's not much one can say about OK Computer -- especially now, 3 years  after its release -- that hasn't been said before ad nauseam (the previous  statement included), so I won't say much other than these few proceeding  lines.  This album ranks as one of the greatest of all time (clearly their  best effort so far), but its real value is in X.  X is all the emotions we  all feel everyday, the feelings of having no control, of loss, of  disappointment and hurt, and no other collection of songs portrays this  collage of contradictory impulses like OK Computer.  Many people I know say  Radiohead are &quot;depressing,&quot; but I think such a description puts  them in a box that's too small for them.  Any box would be too small, and  that's sort of the point.  There's a line in &quot;No Surpries&quot; that  says &quot;This is my final fit/my final bellyache,&quot; and yet the song  continues and the album continues.  The paradox that one can't truly fit  the whole of human experience in realtity into a song, or a catch-phrase,  or a work of art permeates the album -- here we are making music, writing  books, making films, painting self-portraits and nothing changes.  To sum  up, Radiohead are &quot;disappointed people clinging onto bottles.&quot;
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Brave New World is beyond incredible.Its the perfect time for us to up the  Irons and revelutionize the music industry again.Not only has the new  millenium produced an instant classic like Brave New World.All our old  school metal bands have released awesome new material.Venom,Alice  Cooper,King Diamond,Type O Negative,Halford,Crimson  Glory,SATANICBLACK,Cradle of Filth,W.A.S.P.And the list goes on.But Iron  Maiden is the band with the ultimate following.In 1982 Piece Of Mind Turned  me into a full fledge Metal head.Now in the year 2000,Brave new World has  me thrilled more than ever.Heavy Metal is not just the best music, its also  a way of life.IRON MAIDEN AND METAL FOREVER!
6300214753|5.0|I loved this movie! It is my all time favorite! If you love comedies, you will LOVE this movie! I couldn't stop laughing! So get away from your  computer and watch it already!
0345347951|5.0|This would probably be my pick for the #1 Sci-Fi novel. It would certainly  be in my top 10 list, which would include books like Dune, Starship  Troopers, The Forever War, Stranger in a Strange Land, The Uplift War, and  so on.<br />In this captivating and poignant book, the human race comes to a  bittersweet ending by evolving into a strange, communal intelligence,  thereby leaving the limitations of isolated corporeal minds behind. The  Overlords, who have reached the pinnacle of &quot;individual&quot;  evolution, and whose minds are perhaps a hundred times more powerful than a  human's, are memorable characters. If you only read one Sci-Fi book, this  should be it.
0671042858|5.0|i am into really scary books and alot of them try to be gross and use that to make up for  their lack of real writing well and interesting plot line  but this is a very well writen book and i am very impressed with it but if  you are looking for a real scary keep you up all night nightmare book this  is not it but if you want to kept up all night cause you can not put it  down beacause of it is very interesting and well written then i will  recomend this book for you. and please consider my advice i am 14 years old  but i do know a good book and this is it.
6302293553|5.0|As is my household in which quotes (or quotes slightly altered) from this movie are a part of everyday life including  &quot;Help,Help! I'm being  repressed.&quot;  &quot;Stop grovelling, oh I do hate it when you  grovel&quot;  &quot;I fart in your general direction&quot;  &quot; No, it's  too perilous&quot;  &quot;One day son this will all be yours&quot; (What  the curtains?)  &quot;You know much that is hidden, oh Mum (?)&quot; So I  recommend you buy this film. It might become a way of life.
0140177396|1.0|This Book tells a story about two friends who are looking for a new job near the Salinas River in California. Lenny, who is mentally retarded, and  George, the smart one. They had to escape from their last job because Lenny  got in trouble. In the new job the story will be repeated, but this time  for the last time. The only reason I gave this book a star is because is  has a good plot, and because this is happening in the world right now, it  is a reality. The main factor that called my attention was the vocabulary  and quotations of the characters. This is why I give one star to the book.
6301404440|5.0|Wow I can't say enough good things about this movie. I remember being amazed at age 14 when I first saw it. It is great fun trying to spot all  the different characters. Absolutly entertaining I can't watch it enough.
0380796090|3.0|I have to admit to being somewhat dissapointed with this novel. While I  thought Claire's family was fun, and Keye's language and turns of phrase  are good, certain characters, and the plot itself was fairly predictable. A  central flaw of the novel is that  Claire's marriage is only viewed in  hindsight, through Claire's first person viewpoint. I don't think Keyes  does an adequate job of painting a  picture of that marriage--as a result,  I was confused by Claire and James' (her husband) interactions after he  comes back in contact with her.I think its safe to assume that husbands  don't just walk away the day their wife's give birth on a regular basis,  and I thought it was strange that Claire had no inkling of problems in the  marriage, or with James before this point. Perhaps I would have prefered it  if she had actually come to see that there really were problems she had  been blind to. But that doesn't happen--Claire just sees this bizzare Dr  Jekyll and Mr Hyde-side of her husband that she's never witnessed before.  Her husband may be a bizarre character, but Adam seems if anything too  saintly!   In spite of its predicatibility, I would have rated WATERMELON  higher if the 1st person narrative hadn't shown the main character to be so  dense, and if it hadn't taken so LONG to come to the obvious conclusion.  Nonetheless, I will look forward to reading Keyes other novels, and  hopefully, rate them higher!
B00000IL29|5.0|This is probably the best album  Hancock  released during his years with  Blue Note Records. Hancock had been playing with  Miles Davis' Group at the  time and the influence  comes through on this album with Hancock being more  experimental than  before.   While this did not contain any hit tracks such  as &quot;Cantaloupe Island&quot; or &quot;Watermelon Man&quot; it is a  classic album  that captures Hancock at his finest as a leader, soloist and  composer.  One of Hancock's finest  recordings.  rated 5 stars by the All  music guide to jazz.  also awarded the symbol of merit by the Penguin Guide  to jazz.  This is essential in every jazz collection, inventive and  challenging enough for  the long time jazz collector but light and  enjoyable for a new fan.
0394721780|4.0|Is this a true version of the original 1960s version of this book? I have  that  and wish to acquire another  copy for my son. I don't want a  modernized version. In the older Volume I, turn to almost any page(s) and  if you follow the instructions you'll discover recreational-eating heaven (  as opposed to nutritional-eating heaven). However be warned this is not for   anyone who is in a hurry; the preparations are exacting and sometimes  laborious. But the results are wonderful.  The only exceptions are  (IMHO)the cake/frosting recipes. Ack.
B000002UZ6|5.0|This is the ultimate album for your collection.  It is certainly one of my  favorites!
0441172717|1.0|I must admit I heard a lot about the book prior to reading it: 1. One of  the top ten 2. Question antisemitism 3. A little boring at times.   Honestly, I can only agree to 1 and 3.  I don't think it is in the class of  the Lord of the Rings, but it is certainly noteworthy science fiction if  you can slog through some of the more longwinded passages.  Herbert's  GRAMMAR skills are in question at certain points.           Finally, except  for it's small cult fan base, no one talks about this book....at all.  No  one buys Dune calendars, plays Dune games, etc.  Thus, the emotional bond  that Tolkien established in the Lord of the Rings is obviously absent here.   Tolkien influenced generations with his story, and clearly Herbert has  not.
B000002J09|3.0|Black Dog is the best song on this album,  it has awesome guitar riffs all  the way through!  Stairway to Heaven maybe be a hit, but I dont like the  slow songs on this album.  You cant resist tapping your foot, and bobbing  your head to Black Dog!  It makes you groove!  I'm a real big fan of 70's  rockers, and these guys are good.  This is my first Led album.  However, If  you are buying a Led Zeppelin CD for the first time,  make sure you know if  you like the songs!  I was a little dissapointed with the rest of the  cd(besides Black Dog), but it still rocks!  I give this baby a 3!
0060171936|1.0|It is unfortunate that people still wish to listen to a white American  woman rather than the Aboriginal people she claims to celebrate. The  Aboriginal people of the area she supposedly writes of have shown that not  only was her book a fiction but a ludicrous and expoitative one. It is time  that the western world stopped this endless drive to use indigenous people  as a resource and respect them for who they really are.
0792844602|3.0|This movie couldn't have come at a better time to instill the heroic virtues into a generation of young Englishmen. Made in 1939, this  Technicolor extravaganza probably hit the cinemas shortly before the  panzers hit Poland. Initially the tale of a sensible young man, Harry  Faversham, who turns his back on his family's militaristic past, it soon  deteriorates into a pointless exercise in exotic bravado, as the slighted  young man sets off to the Sudan to make three colleagues from his  ex-regiment take back their white feathers, saving the fourth for his  fiancee.<br />Disbelief was suspended from a much higher ceiling in those  days as the lily-skinned young Englishman manages to disguise himself as a  desert nomad and infiltrate the Kahlifa's army. In the end the fuzzy  wuzzies get gunned down, feats of heroism are performed, and the four  feathers return to their original owners. Of course, the Sudanese campaign  of 1898 was a picnic compared to World War II, a war which required grim  determination and endurance much more than reckless acts of bravery.<br />John Clements is suitably bland in the lead role, with the acting  plaudits going to Ralph Richardson as the unfortunate Captain Durrance who  loses his topee and goes blind from heatstroke. His stoical attempts to  pretend that he can still see are filled with Shakespearean pathos. C.  Aubrey Smith is memorable as General Burroughs, an old Colonel Blimp  character who takes every chance to relive the Crimean War using parts of  the dinner service. Also worth watching out for is John Laurie, more famed  as Private Fraser in Dad's Army. Here he puts that dour Calvinist visage to  good use as the grim-faced Khalifa. Enjoyable hokum.
6305657939|4.0|The Thomas Crown Affair really kept me guessing throughout the entire film.  It is loaded with plot twists that make for one entertaining  film.<br />The acting is superb in this movie.  Pierce Brosnan plays a  wonderful thief who steals items for the mere fun of it.  He does a great  job of selling his character, and I truly appreciated the acting during the  actual robbery scenes.  He proved his acting ability in these scenes, which  is highly unusual, considering that most scenes like this are merely action  shots and quick camera angles.<br />Rene Russo was the perfect accessory  actress to Brosnan, as she was definately in a role that is not typically  suited for her.  Nonetheless, she did a remarkable job.  Faye Dunnaway was  a sensational addition to the film as well.  Her character and, more  importantly, her good acting, helped give the film an overall cohesive  storyline.<br />The film had a really nice plot that had enough twists and  turns to keep you interested.  The flow was good, and the film was quite  entertaining.  Overall, it was a real enjoyable film.
B000002C2E|3.0|I found &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot;, after listening to it a few times  through, rather disapointing.  People have compared it to &quot;Blood on  the Tracks&quot;, and while I can see similarities, this album somehow has  a different sound, a sound that just doesn't stand out to me as better than  &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;.  By no means am I saying that it is a  lousy album; I think it is actually quite good compared to some of the  other music that has been released recently.  I would say that about any  Bob Dylan album; it is better than the norm.  But comparing this to some of  his earlier stuff, it just doesn't stand out.  For the exception of a few  songs (&quot;Million Miles&quot;, and after a few times, &quot;Love  Sick&quot; grew on me) none of the other tracks are really that catchy;  they are not  songs that you would want to play over again.  I would  recommend buying this if you are into the dark, death-and-unfriendly sort  of Dylan.  For those who are the more casual Dylan-fan, or are just getting  into his music, buy &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; or &quot;Bringing it  All Back Home&quot;.
B00004TBWR|5.0|It's about time this classic album got its due! The previous version  released by Fantasy (and remastered by George Horn) sounded pretty  pittiful. The poor quality Fantasy CDs were finally revealed as the shoddy  mess they were when the gold editions were released by DCC. I paid the  price for the import of this classic album. The sound is cleaner, criper  and the definition superior to all previous versions (the DCC version  excepted).<br />This is CCR (and Fogerty's) most complete, consistent album  the band made. Cosmo's Factory is a close second although a bit less  consistent than this classic. Pendulum marked the decline of the band in  the quality of the songwriting (Mardi Gras is possibly one of the worst  albums by a major rock band--equal to the Stones Emotional Rescue in its  lack of creativity and depth). Clearly it was time for Fogerty to take  flight and start his solo career (the John Fogerty album is a marked  improvement over this and most of Pendulum. At least it sounds like he's  having fun).<br />The addition of the liner notes puts the album and the  band's early reputation into perspective. Although it may seem obvious now,  when CCR were at the peak of their powers most music critics dismissed the  band as a top 40 sell out. Ironic, then, that they are finally recognized  as the premiere US rock band of the 60's.<br />Complaints, well I have a few.  For the additional money (the mastering was already done by the Japanese  for their reissue series last year) Fantasy could have added some outtakes  or alternate versions of the songs included here. Hell, they could have  added live tracks that haven't appeared on vinyl or CD. While the packaging  is an improvement on the previous skimpy version, this classic warrents the  deluxe treatment given to Marshall Crenshaw's debut by Rhino.
B000002I2I|5.0|The Doors deliver a diverse selection of songs on this, their fifth album, \\"Morrison Hotel / Hard Rock Cafe,\\" with eleven cuts that range from the  lyrical \\"Indian Summer,\\" to the gritty \\"Maggie M'Gill,\\" to the  pull-out-all-the-stops blues of \\"Roadhouse Blues,\\" one you're not going to  be able (or want) to shake loose once it gets under your skin.  As usual,  Morrison takes you on a ride from one end of the emotional scale to the  other, with penetrating music and lyrics the likes of which you'll not find  anywhere else in rock music.  Included on this album is one of their most  well known offerings, \\"Waiting For The Sun,\\" as well as \\"You Make Me Real,\\"  and one that evokes a childhood memory of Morrison's:  \\"Peace Frog\\"  (\\"Indians scattered on dawn's highway bleeding / Ghosts crowd the young  child's fragile egg-shell mind\\").  There's the serene musings of \\"Blue  Sunday,\\" and two that give some insight into Morrison's never-ending  searching and seeking for that elusive something that seems to be waiting  somewhere just around the corner, \\"Ship Of Fools,\\" and \\"Land Ho!\\"  Rounding  out the album is the somewhat mystical \\"The Spy,\\" and the ethereal stains  of \\"Queen Of The Highway.\\"  By now The Doors had nailed down their  definitive sound, but \\"Morrison Hotel / Hard Rock Cafe\\" demonstrates that  they were still evolving, still exploring new themes and uncharted waters.   Ultimately, their territory exceeded all boundaries; as evidenced in this  mesmerizing collection of songs, there's never been anything before or  since like The Doors.
6305922756|5.0|Buy this documentary style movie because you'll watch it over and over! It pokes fun at 80's rock bands, the musician's lifestyle, etc. I've watched  this movie so many times yet with each viewing I find some new little  comedic thing that I missed. Spinal Tap has become such a cult classic that  people are always reciting lines from the movie ...and there are so many.  How many flicks can you say THAT about!  Watch this movie or your  funny-bone will be in danger of being crushed by a miniature Stone Henge  monument.
B00004TWZG|5.0|Yahoo!  At last i have found the real movie of the Professional (uncut version)which is to be remain to be seen when the movies really getting  hotter as Leon killed the drugs syndicate.
B000002AD0|3.0|This is a perfect example of early Santana. His guitar playing is in the  infant stage on this release. Carlos is a much better player now, but for  early work this is pretty good. The most soulful track is, As the Years go  Passing By. The tone on his guitar is masterful. Persuasion is given the  royal treatment and also Treat is tight and full of energy. The only real  bummer here is the extremely monotnous Freeway. The simple bass and drum  line just go on and on and on.  Complete overkill of undynamic playing at  best.  Even though Santana's playing is in the infant stage( I will say he  turned out to be the BEST guitar player in Rock, better than  Hendrix,Clapton,or Garcia) the CD is enjoyable considering it's time and  place in History. Just compare his playing with the Live in South America  CD, pretty much night and day. While listening to Bill Graham's  introduction and the music itself, one gets the feeling of how special the  music and venue were at the time, that is worth the price by itself.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage's latest album &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is definately  their best album to date.  As always, they claim that all sounds on the CD  are made by guitar, bass, drums and vocals.  Very hard to believe, but also  very true.  Tom Morello gives the best perfomance ever on a record on this  one.  He's got an amazing solo on almost every song on the album, the most  notable being the ones being on &quot;Testify&quot;, &quot;Sleep Now In the  Fire&quot;, and &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;.  Using lots of gadgets like  foot pedals and Whammy Bars, Morello makes sounds with a guitar that were  never thought possible.  Zack De La Rocha also puts out lots of emotion on  this disk too.  As in past song's like &quot;Bulls On Parade&quot;, he uses  lots of energy to get the point of his lyrics across.  Nonetheless, this  album is a definate pickup for all rock fans.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|This is a project that had everything going for it:  A terrific cast, a director with a proven track record, great special effects, a huge budget  and the promise of being the heir apparent of a successful television  series.  So what went wrong?  Because \\"Wild Wild West,\\" directed by Barry  Sonnenfeld, is...well, just not very good.  It's a case, apparently, of  everything being poised for greatness until it all went south.  And that's  pretty much the bottom line here; nothing about this film works.  Nothing.   Not that everyone didn't try hard, because it's obvious that they did,  right down to the last man and the last lame joke.  It reminds me of a line  from \\"Mystery Men\\":  Someone refers to another as being \\"mysterious;\\"  someone else says, \\"That's it?  He's mysterious?\\"  \\"Well,\\" is the reply,  \\"He's VERY mysterious.\\"  Did they try hard in this one?  They tried VERY  hard.  But, very simply, nothing worked.  The usually charismatic Will  Smith (James West) didn't even have that working for him here; Kevin Kline  (Artemus) didn't fare any better, and Kenneth Branagh (Dr. Loveless) proved  to be one of the most forgettable villains in the history of the cinema.   His over-the-top performance could do nothing to salvage a character that  was anemic and uninteresting to begin with.  As for Salma Hayek, it's  nothing more than a case of a beautiful, talented actress being used as  window dressing; and here it's like putting curtains on the windows of the  Titanic even as it's sinking.    Sonnenfeld will have to accept his  share of the blame, since the director, above and beyond everyone else,  should have seen what was happening as filming progressed (or in this case,  regressed).  It's hard to figure how the man who gave us \\"Men In Black\\" and  \\"Get Shorty\\" (among others) could have let this one slip so badly.  It's  downright confusing as to how such enormously talented people could come  together and go so awry in their endeavors.  The principles here all haveproven themselves elsewhere as masters of impeccable timing, whether it be  in comedy, drama or action features, yet even that falls flat here.  It's  as if this project had a \\"Jonah\\" on it from the beginning.  As far as the  plot is concerned, I will not divulge any salient points; unfortunately,  there is nothing significant enough to divulge.  There are a number of  jokes scattered throughout the movie that are not only bad, but seem as if  they were an afterthought, possibly added to a scene only when repairs  could not be effected in the editing room.  If you have not yet seen  this movie, and if you are a fan of Will Smith, Kevin Kline, Kenneth  Branagh or Salma Hayek, or if you have fond memories of the T.V. series  that spawned this film, do yourself a favor:  Rent or buy \\"Enemy of the  State,\\" \\"A Fish Called Wanda,\\" \\"Much Ado About Nothing,\\" or \\"Fools Rush  In,\\" and let this one go.  Protect those fond memories.  If you absolutely  must have a taste of this, try to catch the music video with Smith doing  the title song.  That video is the best thing about this whole project, and  Hayek has a much more significant part in it than she does in the movie.   Twenty years or so from now, someone will ask Smith what went wrong with  \\"Wild Wild West;\\" and he'll probably reply, \\"Who knows?  It just didn't  work.\\"  As for now, all anyone can say is, \\"Who Knows?  It just didn't  work.\\"  And that about sums it up.
6301066642|3.0|There's No Business Like Show Business is not up there with the ranks of Singin' in the Rain, An American in Paris, or My Fair Lady.  Although the  songs are excellent Irving Berlin songs, it seems obvious that the story  was built around the songs and not the other way around (This worked for  Singin' in the Rain but did not for There's No Business Like Show  Business.)  Despite a story that is only mildly interesting, there are  several reasons to watch this movie.<br />First, more interesting than the  movie itself is what went on behind the scenes of the filming of the movie.   The relationships between the actors and actresses were strained and that  comes through in the movie.  At the time of filming, Dan Dailey was dating  Donald O'Connor's wife, whom he was separated from at the time.  Marilyn  Monroe was difficult for all the cast to work with because she required her  own costumer and choreographer and was always late.  She thought Donald  O'Connor looked too young to play her love interest despite the fact that  Mr. O'Connor was nine months older than Ms. Monroe (Watch their kiss in the  movie, and see if you pick up on a lack of chemistry.).  At the time of  filming, Ms. Monroe thought that her then husband, Joe Dimaggio, was having  her followed. <br />Second, watch There's No Business Like Show Business for  the wonderful musical numbers performed by Donald O'Connor and Mitzi  Gaynor.  The best number from the entire musical is Donald O'Connor's  &quot;A Man Chases a Girl.&quot;  The number shows off Mr. O'Connor's  singing ability as well as his incredible dancing ability.  I could not  help but be reminded of the &quot;Moses&quot; number from Singin' in the  Rain (in my opinion, the best tap dance number ever).  Mitzi Gaynor, one of  the most underrated dancers of the musical era, is exceptional when she  performs with Mr. O'Connor, singing &quot;Alabam,&quot; (Her Ethel Merman  impersonation is right on.) and &quot;Lazy,&quot; and later with Ms.  Merman, singing &quot;Tatooed.&quot;  It is Mr. O'Connor's and Ms. Gaynor's  numbers that really make the musical worth watching.<br />Finally, watch the  movie for Ms. Monroe's sultry &quot;After You Get What You Want&quot; and  &quot;Heat Wave&quot; numbers.  I am not a Marilyn fan, but I can  understand why so many people were then and why so many people are today as  well.  She definitely knew how to sell a song as well as herself.
0064471047|5.0|Great book with a science fantasy look that makes your spinetingle when you read it, and don't know what's going to happen next. I love the Land of Narnia because it is like a wonderland where animals can talk and trees are alive....  I don't want to spoil your reading, so I'll stop here. ENJOY READING IT!  END
B000002KBU|4.0|If you're like most anti-Joni's--a category I generally fall into--all you've heard is probably &quot;Big Yellow Taxi&quot; and her idiotic  whining at the Isle of Mann festival in 1968 (or was it the Isle Of  Wight?)(the Isle of Long?)...anyway, you've bought into the image of Joni  Mitchell as an over-rated egotist, who bought a folk guitar, had a few  minor hit singles, and dubbed herself the new Coltrane.<br />Well, most of  that is true.  Mitchell has always been her biggest fan, considering even  her most inane ramblings some kind of holy experience.<br />BUT, if you can  set aside the personality and the ego, there are some true classics in her  set.  BLUE is one of them.<br />Mitchell has spent the last twenty years  trying to prove she's tough as nails, trying to take credit for everyone  from Tom Waits to Jewel to even Dylan, so I imagine she'd hate to hear  this...but her finest moments have always been when she lets down the butch  facade and sings tender, almost girlish lyric--&quot;A Case Of You&quot; is  heaven.  BLUE is a near-perfect album.<br />And, for those of you who still  think Mitchell is only for women and wimps--why do you think Robert Plant  wrote &quot;Going To California?&quot;  The &quot;girl out there with love  in her eyes and flowers in her hair&quot; was Joni Mitchell!
B000002H33|5.0|It's often difficult to isolate Metallica's best work to date, mainly  because everything that these phenominal metal artists produce is nothing  short of awesome.  Let me begin though, by saying that this particular  album in my opinion, showcases Metallica at the height of their musical  careers.  The lyrics on this album are very intelligent, considering that  James Hetfield couldn't have been more than 20(of course I could be  wrong)when this was recorded.  Also the  complexity of the instrumentation  on this album clearly shows that Metallica was eons ahead of their time.   The proof of this lies in the fact that this album revolutionized the metal  scene as we know it today.  Anyway I could ramble on all day about the fine  point geniuses of this album, but the simple fact remains that anyone out  there(and I'm sure there are many)who claims to be a Metallica fan or any  metal fan for that matter should not be without this album. A must buy!!
0446525537|4.0|I am by no means a &quot;romantic&quot; type, nor do I read romance-style books, but this book captivated me.  After reading The Notebook I just had  to read A Walk to Remember.  I was not at all disappointed.  I could  recommend this book to anyone - no matter what style book you prefer - this  book is well worth reading.
B00000DLUO|5.0|I was never able to enjoy Jazz, I was very closed minded with music styles  and I was not willing to change.  Nearly a year ago I overheard someone  playing &quot;From Left to Right&quot; and the song &quot;Children at  Play&quot; at my work place.  My eyes popped wide open and I asked the  individual, &quot;Who is this, and can I buy it!?&quot;   That is the type  of impact that this album can have, even for those who never thought they  could enjoy Jazz.  Bill Evans opened up doors for my musical libary and my  musical mind.
B00004TWZF|5.0|This is one of the most seductively beautiful movies of all time. I kept smiling throughout this very long director's cut and I observed that others  too get captivated and just keep smiling all the time. It's a very European  work but also easy to watch and not boring at all. It also funny and  tragic, and the music really weaves through it and adds depth to the visual  experience. There are a lot of breathtaking scenes, but two are truly  memorable: one is a scene of the hero awakening in the morning and seeing  the ceiling of his room change into sea waves that ultimately engulf him;  the other is the very last few seconds of the film, done with such mastery  that it seems magical.<br />There is probably not much sense in trying to  find a deeper meaning in such a beautiful film, but I can't help it: I  think the story is about our struggle between the real world filled with  light, reason, friends, competition, wives and children - and the other  unreal and irrational world of pure emotion, which is dark and cold and  dangerous, where you are alone, but also the only place where you can see  mermaids. Nietzsche wrote about the Apollonian (rational) and Dionysian  (emotional) aspects of tragedy, and I think this movie is an interpretation  of the same idea.
B000007R1M|5.0|*GREET.INGS* All of KRAFTWERK's tunes are brilliant, but, Die  MENSCH.MASCHINE is THE album that best &quot;defines&quot; or  &quot;explains&quot; what KRAFTWERK is all about: &quot;Ve arr ze  ROBOTS&quot;. Words cannot describe the pure Auditory *ECSTACY* of  KRAFTWERK's MusiK, and the effeKt it has on one's autonomic nervous  system.*OH.MY.GOD*. What more can I say?
B00000IFP6|5.0|Aunque en realidad Beethoven no fue un compositor tan prolfico de  sinfonas (solo compuso 9 completas, en comparacin a las ms de 40 de  Mozart o las ms de 100 de Haydn), la popularidad de estas obras es tanta  que para el pblico en general, cuando le preguntan respecto a alguna  sinfona que conozca y aprecie casi de inmediato menciona ya sea la 5a o la  9a de Beethoven; por ello no es de extraar que existan una gran cantidad  de grabaciones excelentes de estas obras, en manos de reconocidos  directores y afamadas orquestas. La versin de las 9 sinfonas completas en  manos de David Zinman resulta extraordinariamente buena, considerando el  bajo precio que Ud. paga por estos 5 discos; esta versin est basada en  nuevos descubrimientos que han permitido modificar ligeramente la partitura  tradicional, tomando en cuenta algunos apuntes originales de Beethoven o  algunas partituras previas a las que finalmente salieron publicadas; sin  embargo, las modificaciones resultan casi imperceptibles (aunque en el  folleto marca perfectamente los puntos donde son ms apreciables, hay que  conocer la partitura original para localizarlos, ya que a \\"puro odo\\" no se  nota ninguna diferencia, o al menos yo no la he notado). Los tempos son un  poco rpidos para mi gusto, ya que en lo personal prefiero las versiones  algo ms lentas de Bohm, pero su interpretacin es impecable. Esta es una  compra segura para quien desee adquirir su primera versin de las 9  sinfonas, y resulta una referencia casi obligada para quien ya tenga una  versin previa.
0446677450|5.0|This book has opened my eyes to financial intelligence.  I have always  known that working for a corporation until I was 65 years old so that I  could retire was not the right track but I like many others had the go to  school get good grades and work hard doctrine drummed into my brain.  I am  now 38 years old, a Poor Dad and deeply entrenched in the rat race with  debt up the ying yang.  This book has pointed out in a clear and precise  manner what I did wrong and what I need to do right (the simple diagrams  are priceless).  The $10 spent on this book is nothing because the  information is worth so much more.  I hope to instill the Rich Dad concepts  in my children so that they don't have to live in the Rat Race.  Thank God  it's never to late to change and improve.  As was pointed out in the book  the Kentucky Fried Chicken guy amassed his fortune at 65.  Once you read  the book it is very important that you be honest with yourself and then  take action.  Believe me it was tough and painful reading this book and  realizing that I followed the Poor Dad philosophy my entire life.  If I can  help it, my children won't.  I would highly recommend this book to you,  your children and those that you love.
0375501851|4.0|This is a superb first novel by Ms. Smith, although it is slightly  disappointing.  The story, characterization, and dialogue are outstanding,  however, I believe that in her attempt to cover such a long span of time,  and so many characters, Ms. Smith forgot to include more detail. The  characters are introduced, and then glossed over and nearly forgotten, this  is its only flaw, which would normally be a very dangerous one.  However,  since Ms. Smith writes with so much more skill than myself, it does not  inflict a mortal wound.    This novel focuses mainly on the lives of the  Iqbal clan, most especially Samad and his sons.  I wanted to read more  about Clara, Archie and Irie, and less about the Chaflen's.       Without a  doubt, this is an outstanding first try and it has earned a spot on my  crowded bookshelves, I highly recommend this novel.
B00003CX95|5.0|i goto the movies all the time,i love movies you might say its a passion of mine.out of all the movies i've seen braveheart is by far the best  one,second to none.this movie has everthing and i stongly recommend  it.thank you mel gibson!
0790749815|5.0|As a fanatical Hitchcock fan, I loved North by Northwest. I have seen it more than 10 times. There is always something you see that you didn't the  time before. Hitchcock's style of moviemaking just doesn't happen anymore.  The viewer is lead through this movie with action, suspense and intrique,  not sex, drugs and murder. You have to make this movie part of your  collection if you are a diehard fan of Hitchcock.
B00000JCOV|5.0|these guys are awesome! i saw them at ozzfest '99(before their album was  released)and i knew they would make it big fast. their music  gets anyone  pumped up and they put on an excellent show. i saw them again in october  '99 when they toured with dope, amen, and coal chamber... and once again  they were awesome. i have two versions of their s/t album- the 1st version  has 2 tracks that had to be removed due to legal stuff i think(the 2 tracks  are called frail limb nusery and purity). the 2nd version has a song in  place of purity called me inside. i like purity better, but whatever  version of their album you can attain is good because their music rocks.
B000021Y77|5.0|From all the other reviews, you'll see this is an exiting slice of Euro Cinema.  It's clever, funny and moving, and it's use of photographs to show  the future of various minor characters is like nothing I've seen  before.<br />What I would recommend though is you watch it with the subtitles  activated rather than listen to the terrible english dubbing.  The voice  actors are particularly wooden and you lose something of the characters'  appeal in listening to them.  I know subtitles can be a pain but it's worth  the effort to hear Lola's real voice, when she isn't running that is!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido has a combination of sensual and romantic songs on this album.  She's  absolutely amazing.
B00003CXDG|3.0|...this comes from having very different director's styles.<br />John Woo with his all-action blow them up, shoot 'em up scenes verses the first MI  movie which was very much like the TV series. If you want to see some  spectacular, mind-boggling stunts then this is the movie for you. I was  also curious to see how this film showcased Sydney - the city where I live.  In fact a lot of the movie was filmed around the building where I work.  Weird seeing such familiar surroundings in a blockbuster movie.<br />This is  one to see first on the big screen and then one to relive over and over on  the small one....
B000021Y74|5.0|This IS your bag:<BR> If you like action, fun, stunts, thrill<BR> If you want to see something completely unique<BR> If you are not afraid of  timeblends<BR> If you like fabulous music from some of the hippest german  people (that make look the far too streamlined usual scores look veeeery  old)<BR> If you like cartoons<BR> If you like to rather sit and hold than  to stop the vcr and go to toilet<BR> If you like to experience sheer  SPEED<BR> So, what are you waiting for? Run to get it!<BR><BR> One funny  sidenote: The movie's rating was for 12 years in germany. Americans are  really funny with their prudery. It seems that the americans are as afraid  of sex as the germans are of violence.
0451452739|5.0|This is the bible of sci-fi. Almost like a holy book for every sci-fi fan.  And everyone should read this. This is a masterpiece...<br />Let me get  started. I'm little over 14 now, and I readed this book two years ago and  still I haven't forgotten it. It isn't long; well, it is a first part of a  trilogy; but it'll enlarge your mind. This is a thinking man's book.<br />I  can't quite compare the movie to this; they're both good in their own ways  ( I found the movie still a bit boring compared to the book ), but this  wonderfully creates images to your mind. This could be real; in the near  future. And questions like What is life? Why do we want to explore outer  space? How can life last and why has it always been? awakes. I readed this  book in two days; and I readed it again the very instance; second time  trying to understand certain parts of the book. But still they remain  mystery and so they should. Buy this book, or loan it from the library;  either way read this at least twice. Only one read isn't fair to this  story. It is the odysseus of the 21th century.<br />eye of life opens. And  first sight it sees is a mystery. What's the monolith. Still, after  thousands of generations and technology we'll never know.<br />Well, maybe I  should read this again. And so I will.
6305907439|5.0|Any one who is a Deep Purple fan,loves their rock composed with more then just Crash,Bang,Waco.  I never cared for the &quot;Concerto for group and Orchestra&quot; Lp that came out in 1970.  Production quality or maybe I  was to young then.  As this Concert starts. First you will notice how well  the recording was recorded. The sound is perfect. And the filming is  superb.  If you hate Rock &amp; Roll? And only listen to The Classics. You  will love this video. Do yourself a favor and get it. 2 hours of the best  music I ever heard. I believe I'll get my Mom and Sister a copy. And I will  be watching this at least one time per month.  Thanks }:-) JaminJim!
0780624890|5.0|I don't always believe movies honor the characters upon which they are based upon. However, in Blade the director and writer did an exceptional  job. Wesley Snipes was the perfect legendary half-vampire, half-human,  Blade. The special effects were very well done as well as the quality of  acting in the film. While I like the vampire as the narrator or star, this  movie was a terrific blend. It showed the human and vampire perspective on  things instead of one way or the other. The ending was a marvelous opening  for the upcoming sequel.
6305627347|5.0|South Park is my favorite show. I think that people who just think that South Park is all bad cuz of the themes just wont like this movie cuz it is South Park. It was not a bad movie at all. It was a great movie that had an  excellent plot with excellent comedy in it. If it didn't have any swearing  or bad themes in it, it'd be rated PG.
B000002GYI|4.0|Every time I hear Computer World I can't decide whether to laugh or to bow down in reverence at it's electronic genius.  Maybe a little of both.  What  makes this album so amusing, especially to British and American audiences  is that it's so stereotypically GERMAN!  Precise, simple, arrogant, and  technical.  The lyrics are little more than numerals or strange  declarations: &quot;I'm the operator of my pocket calculator.&quot;   However, to dismiss Kraftwerk as kitsch is to miss a lot of the innovations  that they pioneered.  The percolating arpeggios on Computer World and the  tight, crisp drums on Pocket Calculator are virtual building blocks for the  dance and electronic music to come.  For anyone intersted in the history of  electronic music, or who wants to just have a good time in a weird kind of  way, Computer World is where to start.
6302969352|5.0|I saw this movie at a old downtown Manhattan movie house when I was 11. I am 24 now and this is, in my huble opinon one of the finest movies ever  made. It was a favorite of my fathers as well as mine some 13 years later.  Toshiro Mifune gives a stunning portrayl of the samurai way of life.
B000002MFN|5.0|My CD player is probably so tired of playing this CD.  It is just one  of those CD's that you can throw in and listen/sing/dance to it from beginning to end.  I originally bought this for Deeper & Deeper, Erotica, Fever, Rain, and Bye Bye Baby, which are some of my favorite Madonna songs.  But I have some new favorites now as well.  For example,  Words has turned into a completely surprisingly wonderful song with it's  almost indian/asian feel and strong lyrics.   If you like Bedtime Stories and Ray Of Light, you will love Erotica.  And the best thing about Madonna is that she is constantly reinventing herself and her sound.  So when you listen to her albumns it is like you are listening to a specific chapter in her life.  The songs are never stale and her voice and words are always strong and beautiful.  Even if you are not a big Madonna fan, you can't help but love her music.
B00003CXGG|4.0|Great movie. However some of the kung fu scenes was just hoaky. I mean - in the air doing a 360 taking everybody out. If they were not trying to  copy the Matrix - it would be a five star. But despite that - cool action  scenes and Jet Li is just great!
B00004TJTQ|3.0|This picture was good, and I liked most of it, but there were some quirks with the picture. For instance:<br />    - You wouldn't want to recommend this to children under 7, because when these boys take Willy to that cemetery  and told him about the myth of the old witch who was buried there, and the  illegal boozers hiding illegal alcohol inside an empty tomb. That just  wasn't needed. I was rather displeased.  The last few minutes were pretty touching. I  almost cried! I never expected this movie to be what I thought it was going  to be.
B00003CWNR|5.0|Many people seem to think that Hollywood's productions are not always as enjoyable as they used to be, and when they are, the most appreciated  directors are/were: L. Besson and J.J. Annaud  (French), R. Polanski (US  but was forced to go abroad), A. Hitchcock (English), or Lasse Hallstrm  (Swedish), the list could be very long, and although John Irving is a very  fine writer (as well as maybe one of the last true humanists) America is so  plagued with &quot;Politikally Korekt&quot; that it is almost impossible to  express anything which doesn't comply with. The adaptation from the book is  perfect (since it was done by J. I. himself, could not be otherwise),  Michael Caine should have got better than &quot;Best supporting&quot; since  his part is the core of the story, but the performance of L. H. as director  is outstanding; it is (for now) the only movie I saw by him, but I think he  is of the same stuff as Stanley Kubrick: telling a fine story, while  getting the best of every performer (they all deserved some award, but  especially the orphanage's kids), with a good musical score and shots  (camera work is perfect). And, just a short message for Jeff Shannon: I  don't think ther was so much vagueness about the issues, but it is just the  right level, so to not antagonize the P.K., and to help people understand  that the real 'human rights' lie with the 'real' human needs and not with  the 'Rules' they would like to impose upon the victims of events they were  unable to control. I think I remember Irving put an excerpt from E. Bronte  at the begining of his book: &quot;Convention is not morality, religion is  not faith&quot;.
B00004UFYU|5.0|It is my first contact with Eric Levi music and I find it very spiritual,  very inspiring just the right music to be an afternoon with and do a  concentring work. I recommend it to anyone who like to hear music with  feelings.<br />I shall certainly order the first Era I have not heard yet.
B000002KP3|5.0|I bought my first T REX album 26 years ago and it is still one of my top  5! Marc Bolan was a man of music before his time. I mean just listen to  Planet Queen. &quot;Planet Queen , Perchance to dream. She used my head  like a revolver.&quot; Where on God's Earth our you going to find those  kind of lyrics? Do yourself a favor and take an hour to hear the most  dynamic duel of vocals and guitar. Step back in time and think it was  today. Peace.
B000002G87|5.0|Although I prefer Clapton's earlier guitar driven works like  &quot;Stepping Out&quot;, &quot;Hideaway&quot;, &quot;Have You Heard&quot;  from the legendary &quot;Beano&quot; album and &quot;Crossroads&quot; from  Cream, this album was what would become a stepping stone to his more  laid-back experimental works like the classic &quot;Slowhand&quot; album.   My favourite tracks included Big Bill Bronzy's &quot;Key to th  Highway&quot; and Jimmie Cox's &quot;Nobody Knows You When You're Down And  Out&quot;.  A supreme transformation, true to Clapton's innovative  improvisation.  I was a bit dissapointed that &quot;Blues Power&quot; was  not in the album but it won't do justice to the album if it did since this  is a love album.  This is an album for circa 70s Clapton's fan.  An  ultra-supreme album, well-deserved to be a classic of its genre and era.
B000002KP3|5.0|I bought my first T REX album 26 years ago and it is still one of my top  5! Marc Bolan was a man of music before his time. I mean just listen to  Planet Queen. &quot;Planet Queen , Perchance to dream. She used my head  like a revolver.&quot; Where on God's Earth our you going to find those  kind of lyrics? Do yourself a favor and take an hour to hear the most  dynamic duel of vocals and guitar. Step back in time and think it was  today. Peace.
B00003CXFG|3.0|Pitch Black really didn't do that much for me. It had a neat idea and some neat effects, but I never really compelled me. Sometimes I get caught up in  the little details. How do these creatures survive if it never gets dark?  What do they eat when no one crashes on the planet? If they're cannibals,  wouldn't they have killed themselves? etc. etc.<br />There were no real  surprises to keep the viewer interested. I pretty much knew what was going  to happen before it did. Gee, the bad guy got loose, never saw that comin'.  Oh, boy! I think this guys gonna get eaten. Told Ya.<br />It was a docile  version of Aliens where you got the feeling that it wouldn't end as well,  or be nearly as interesting. Save Pitch Black for the cable movie channels  or the rental rack. If you want to buy a good alien movie, get the  Director's Cut of Aliens.
B00003CXFV|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie.  I think it's the first time I've ever heard Julia Roberts swear like a truck driver!  A nice fresh break from her  goody-goody image.  Erin Brokavich...a divorced mother of three, badly in  need of a job - gets slammed into by a doctor while driving her crappy car.   She gets a lawyer - gos to court &amp; loses (due to her attitude &amp;  language on the stand).  So she eventually gets a job at her lawyers law  firm as a secretary or something.  Ends up finding something odd in one of  the files &amp; gets permission to check it out.  <br />Then this movie  embroils upon a legal action against PG&amp;E - for making a whole town  sick.  It also a wonderful movie showing the lenghts a mother will go to  for her children.  <br />Very enjoyable movie based on a true story.  DVD is  loaded with deleted scenes and other stuff.<br />Definately one to add to your  collection.
6305908648|5.0|This DVD, filmed in September 1999, is an excellent buy for all Deep Purple fans.  While not every single song they did at the shows is  contained here (the CD has several extra tracks), it does contain the three  most important: Movements I, II, and III of the classic Concerto for Group  and Orchestra, first performed thirty years ago when Ritchie Blackmore was  in the band.  Here, Steve Morse does a wonderful job of replacing  Blackmore, adding his own more modern style to the proceedings.  Everyone  plays quite well, and it's fun to see Ronnie James Dio and the other two  guys from the Steve Morse band join in.  <br />It must be said, watching it  makes me feel like I'm watching PBS, what with the orchestra and all.  But  even the most heavy of hard rock fans will realize that it is Deep Purple's  night to shine.
B00003W8NM|5.0|And no it's not because of the brutal fight scenes. Many critics have panned this film and called it an insult to all Generation X-Men. The only  thing about this it that none of these reviewers were Generation X-Men.  This film is visually superb, well acted, and hillarious. It also makes  quite a few points. Despite the fact that the actual fight club was insane,  deep down most 25 year old guys don't really want to go sit at a desk for 8  hours a day and come home to an apartment as small as a motel room, only to  think about what they could buy to make their life better. Day after day of  this kind of life is the kind of thing that drives people crazy, and after  a while you do just want to hit something. This movie hints at why a lot of  men are like this.<br />Overall this is a great DVD. It is technically  excellent, and having a second disk full of extras doesn't hurt. If you've  seen this movie and liked it, you might as well buy it.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Labyrinth is an excellent fantasy film that gives you a warm feeling inside. This DVD video also includes an excellent documentary with some  great &quot;behind the scenes&quot; footage and an insight into how the  magic is created. Bowie's perfomance as the Goblin King is incredible and  Henson's directing skills are on top form. If you haven't seen this  movie... WHY NOT?
6303314015|5.0|In the world of the animal Kingdom the loins have always rulled. And this story is about the best one of them all. WHen Simba is born he know's he's  desined to be a great leader, and he just can't wait. But when tragedy  strikes the Pride Lands, Scar accuses it to be poor Simba's fault. SO he  runs far away, but he can never escape his past. In my opinion this is one  of the greatest animated movies that Disney has ever put out. The actign is  great, the animation is great, and the plot will draw in everyone!If you  like to watch movies you'll fall in love for this movie.
0440234743|3.0|Dear John, I know it was not intentional on your part, but I seem to be  missing the ending of this book.  I have gone to three bookstores to verify  if it is only my edition that is missing the final  pages, but to no avail.  I refuse to believe that I have read the ending of this book. If so, then  you have GOT TO BE CRAZY!!  Coming to the end of the book you padded it so  much that I could only assume a grand conclusion was coming. Where is it?  You had me hooked and craving more and more and then.....nothing.<br />My  only advise to you is that if you can't find an ending to a story then  don't publish it. I am sure your children can survive on the residuals from  your other books and I am sure you didn't need that extra house or yacht.  You really disappointed me with this book.<br />I normally reserve story  padding to people like Tom clancy who just seems to ramble on and on and  thenget back to the story 100 pages later. Don't tell me that you are  developing thi swriting style.  If so, then change publishers or something.  Don't fall into this trap.<br />Regards Disappointed
0553213105|5.0|This timeless classic's appeal remains undiminished through the ages.  Drawing on the universal topic of love and marraige, Jane Austen's most \\"sparkling\\" work addresses the role in society of women, social/class differences, and well...pride and prejudice...with scintillating wit.  Producing two of literature's most loved protagonists, the witty Elizabeth Bennet and haughty Mr. Darcy, Pride and Prejudice remains a joy to read.  Having inspired books and movies such as Bridget Jones' Diary, P&P is one of the must-reads of English literature!
B00004TH83|5.0|First things first. I buy tons and tons of CD's every year, and I can  honestly say that Lara Fabian's English debut CD, was the best purchase  I've made to date this year. Sony should be commended on not only signing  this amazing talent, but also hooking her up with top producers and  songwriters. It should be noted, that Lara writes a great deal of her music  too. <br /> I Will Love Again was a great leadoff single, but also a bit  misleading to your everyday listener. There are no other  &quot;club-ready&quot; dance songs on this disc. However, there are a  couple of uptempo songs that pick up the pace of the CD between ballads. It  should also be assumed that Sony will remix every single from this CD, to  certainly satisfy the dance music lovers who fell in love with Lara through  the dance genre. <br /> Lara sings her heart out, and as a listener, I found  it very hard not to become completely swept away by her vocal emoting.  &quot;Adagio&quot;, &quot;You Are My Heart,&quot; &quot;Love By  Grace,&quot; and &quot;Broken Vow&quot; are among the best ballads you will  hear in pop music...ever! I'm especially fond of &quot;You're Not From  Here,&quot; a song that's a hybrid of Marc Anthony's &quot;My Baby  You,&quot; Mariah Carey's &quot;My All,&quot; and &quot;No One Knows Who I  Am&quot; from Jekyll 'n Hyde. (the first two songs along with &quot;You're  Not...&quot; were co-written by Walter Afanasieff). Buy this CD. You won't  regret the purchase and it will take you to a better place in your life!  Lara, thank you for sharing your music with the USA.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is my FAVORITE CD! Every song Blink 182 makes is mad good. Buy this  CD, you will not be disapointed, blink rulez. Also check out Dude Ranch!
B00000JCOV|3.0|this is an ok cd, but there are better cd's out in this world. the best  thing going for this band is the way they look in there jumpsuits and thier  masks
1567184855|5.0|This is the one book that will make you wonder even more who you really  are, why you are here and where you really came from. The spiritual  insights provided here if truly incorporated and reflected upon, I  personally believe, could open doors to the real self that is always at  home. The truth in this book if fully embraced could end all wars and most  importantly put an end to all the religious intolerance that has plagued  humanity for thousands of years. If nothing - after reading this book, you  have a sense of who you really are, WHY YOU ARE HERE and where you came  from - could change your life. I recommend this book to every single person  I know, whether I think they wonder about it or not.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Pearl Jam has released yet another great album! Songs like &quot;Light  Years&quot;, &quot;Thin Air&quot;, &quot;Nothing as it seems&quot; and  &quot;Insignificance&quot; show that this band still is able both to rock  your ears out, and to make intense and beautiful songs.<br />I attended the  very tragic concert at the Roskilde festival in Denmark and since that,  Pearl Jam has become quite a special and personal thing in my mind...<br />On  the import version of &quot;Binaural&quot;, you get the two live tracks  &quot;Footsteps&quot; and &quot;Better Man&quot; extra. These tracks are  also on the &quot;Nothing as it seems&quot; single...at least on the UK  release of the single. So, if you have already bought the original  &quot;Binaural&quot;, just buy the single to get the 2 extra tracks.<br />get  yourself a copy of this album!
6305949638|2.0|...Irving must have been in dire straits to accept payment for this adaptation .... cramming over 40-years into a couple of hours can't be easy  , BUT completely obliterating two of the most relevant and interesting  characters in the novel ( Angel &amp; Melanie .... WHO ?  you ask ,if you  haven't read it) pretty much makes it a big waste of time &amp; Caine's  talent.... I was quite sad after viewing the film, my anticipation of  seeing the roles played out as written in the novel &amp; expecting the  characters to age &amp; develop as read over years of growth left me  feeling totally cheated.    IF YOU'VE READ THE NOVEL , DON'T BUY, RENT OR  EVEN PEEK=IN ON THIS MOVIE... it will break your heart to witness the  butchery ....
B000009QPK|5.0|One of the best REAL live performances to be ever captured on tape.   Anyone who cannot recognize the talent has no ear whatsoever.  Brilliant  live band.
B00004TH83|5.0|When I first heard &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; on a local radio station,  they played the slow version (not on the CD) and I was really astonished at  the voice.  After buying the CD, I couldn't stop listening.  The voice is a  cross between Barbra Streisand &amp; Celine Dion.  The fact that Ms. Fabian  also writes or co-writes most of her songs is an added plus.  She does have  a distinctive husky sound to her voice which distinquishes it from the  menioned comparisons and allows for further variation on future vocalizing.   The ballads on the CD are mesmerizing.  I can't wait to see &amp; hear  Lara &quot;in concert&quot; which, in my mind, will be the final test.
B00003OSSM|2.0|LIKE...AND I'M A FAN OF HIS.  The premise was interesting and had potential...two strangers are thrown together after their cheating spouses  are killed in a plane crash. But  it never went anywhere.  Harrison Ford  plays a police officer and there is a sub-plot that adds not a thing to the  movie.  Kristin Scott Thomas is good in her role...much better than  Harrison Ford who basicly plays a nudge.  Thomas just wants to be left  alone...Ford just wants...well...something...closure I suppose.  Although  why he chooses to look for it in Ms Thomas' Levi's is beyond me.  I like  both of these actors  just look for them in other moveies.  This one was a  dud.
0451160916|5.0|This one is from the days when King was still king. Without needless  romanticism and foreplay, the story takes a rollercoasting pace that can  only infrequently be found in isolated scenarios like this. The child's  character is nicely detailed, but not overdone; and though the concept of  psychic children is too clich, his talents stay nicely in the background,  becoming not the end itself but a means to an end.  This one, according to  my point of view, is among the &quot;golden three&quot; of king, which are:  &quot;Pet Sematary&quot;, &quot;It&quot; and this. If you look for a  starter, then you should definetely start from this one, move on to  &quot;Sematary&quot; then proceed to it, which requires a lot more  concentration.  Still, more observant readers will find a lot of (perhaps  too much) inspiration from Jackson's &quot;Haunting of the Hill House&quot;
0679746048|5.0|I think this book is a must have for any female with borderline  persoanlity disoder. i think it is well written in the comical and  heartbreaking sence that all women have felt somewhat like this before, and  if you have the disorder you know that pain is only gonna get better if  possible in your case. I loved this tale of Suasana Kaysen, a young woman  who tries to OD on Asprin and ends up losing two years of her life in a  mental hospital. i loved it's true to life heartbreaking madness unleashed  into words of healing and lament all at the same time.
B0000027RL|5.0|Pearl Jams first album is definetly their best.  Songs like Alive, Jeremy,  Even Flow, and Black make this a must have!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|A-ha's new album &quot;Minor Earth, Major Sky&quot; is filled with 13  affluent gems neatly and carefully compiled, unveiling a new dimension in  today's music. Right from the top with the title track, the album reveals  the hard work and man-hours that the band etc. put in. With most of the  songs sounding radio-friendly, there's not a doubt that they are potential  hits. However, their music has changed dramatically and doesn't sound too  much like the A-ha of old, I think they've improved and been able to catch  on with the now quite tactfully. Ever since they debuted with &quot;Take on  me&quot; nearly 14 years ago, they've made a mark on the pop scene but were  somewhat under-rated. This album once again underlines their status as one  of the most talented bands around today. Go Ahead !!! You won't be  disappointed with this marvel !
B0000019PA|5.0|A Group with a new and different sound, Neutral Milk Hotel is little  known, but a great group. In The Aeroplane Over The Sea is a concept album.  I have no idea what it is about, but it sounds like a concept album. The  songs all blend together as one of the most interesting albums I've eve  listened to. This album is not for everyone, but it is deffinately worth a  try.
B000002OG5|5.0|As I recently sat at a hotel bar called Niles on 31st St. &amp; 7th Ave in  midtown Manhatten, it was 3 am, the lights were out and I was accompanied  by 2 friends and a bartender as it was closing. They look through the CD's  and he tells the bartender to put in this CD. He wouldn't tell me what it  was. As the music begins to play, I got shivers down my spine, and almost  began to shiver. It was a hell of a moment. This is arguably the best movie  ever. My parents have the Vinyl origional score, and I can't remember  hearing it once. This is in amaizing piece of music. You can picture the  scenes as you are listening. You hear Sonny being ambushed, Connie getting  married, the horse head, and Luca Brasi swimming with the fishes. So all in  all, buy this CD
B000002LR3|5.0|When I started listening to this album, I heard the song Movin' On Up. I  thought it was a great song. However, the rest of the album is very  different than this song. It is better. Higher Than The Sun, Loaded and  Damaged are my personal favorites, but all the songs are great. Primal  Scream is a group with a great sound. It is basically dance music, but  musch more complex. It is a truly great album.
B0000000LI|5.0|Can words describe it??? I've seen the concert while channel surfing and  found myself totally mesmerized by Yanni's music. I sat frozen at my seat  watching this tremendous artist as he performed his lofty masterpieces. And  when the concert finished, I was at the verge of tears as I saw the love he  has been hailed with and how people seemed to embrace him tenderly in their  eyes.  Sometimes after that I rushed to buy this CD. Only to discover how  limitless is the magic of music and how musicians can be true magicians.  The incredible thing about Yanni's music is its immense variety. How it can  echo our sadness, our delight, our rapture, our passions and even our  fears. Sometimes you can almost trace a whole story between the folds of  his music. You will surely find yourself captured between soft whispers and  high-pitched notes. And between this and that, you will have no choice but  to take your hat off for this wonderful artist and love him for the music  he gives.
6305897786|1.0|This movie was straight up terrible. I literally felt dumber after watching it. Save your money. There are completely unnecesary scenes  throughout the movie, effects that are cheesy as hell, and quite possibly  the worst &quot;love&quot; scene i've EVER seen in my entire life. No joke.  This movie is horrible. Don't waste your time on it.
B000021Y74|1.0|It made me dizzy, I fell asleep
B000000W5B|1.0|The Rolling Stones are one of the five greatest bands in rock history  (along with the Beatles, the Who, Led Zeppelin, and R.E.M.). Unfortunately,  this album is dismal, their biggest mistake since the misbegoten  &quot;Satanic Majesties Request.&quot; There is one, (and only one) great  song on this album, &quot;Angie,&quot; the rest is worse than  filler.<br />Don't bother putting your money on this one, go out and by  &quot;Exile&quot; or &quot;Bleed&quot; or &quot;Beggars&quot; or  &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; or &quot;Aftermath&quot; or &quot;Some  Girls&quot; - heck, just about any other album by the Stones but this one.
0440234743|5.0|I have read every book that John Grisham has written thus far.  I loved  The Testament... I am a Christian and admire and respect John Grisham for  broaching the subject of God, Christ, and religion, while writing a great  novel which also enlightens us laymen to the greed and (hilarity) of the  legal profession.<br />The plot, characters, and story in general kept me  turning the pages and staying up late nights to finish... I could not put  it down.<br />The only disappointment is that I was hoping for a more happier  ending, which I cannot divulge or it would ruin the story for those who  have not read it... I was hoping, however, that Nate and Rachel could have  shared a future together in the Pantanal.<br />John Grisham does not  disappoint.... no matter how many novels he manages to &quot;pump&quot;  out, which surprises me in a very positive way.  The Testament is  proof-positive of his integrity and soul.
B000000W6R|5.0|If you want a classic Pumpkins Album then get this! In my Opinion, it even  tops Siamese Dream. Like every Pumpkins Record, this one has a very special  feeling to all the songs, even if they are B-Sides and have nothing to do  with one another. &quot;Soothe&quot; is one of my favorite Pumpkins Songs  ever, it's so simple and perfect at once. Most songs on the Album are  extremely mellow, like &quot;Whir&quot;, &quot;Obscured&quot; or &quot;La  Dolly Vita&quot;. You also hear James Iha singing on &quot;Blew Away&quot;.  It's really hard to name the highlights of this album because every song is  an enormous highlight for itself. Not one weak point in 14 songs, most  other bands can only dream of this. You won't realize that this is a  B-Sides sampler! It would be silly to compare the Pumpkins Albums, but I  like this one better than Siamese Dream and Gish. It isn't as monumental as  &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; and not as special as &quot;Adore&quot; or as big  as  &quot;Machina&quot;, but I think it's the heart of the band's career.  It is an essential piece of any nineties-Rock Collection.
B00004THDI|5.0|this cd does NOT play on regular players.
6302968119|4.0|This is one of my all time favorites; Christian Slater is awesome as the Elvis worshiping Clarence, Patricia Arquette is sexy and cool as Alabama,  Gary Oldman does a wicked dope dealer, Dennis Hopper is well, Dennis  Hopper, Christopher Walken is here, the guy from The Sopranos as a tough  guy- what else, oh yeah, Brad Pitt as the Honey Bear bong smokin' hippie as  Soundgarden blasts in the background, Val Kilmer is the ghost of Elvis,  Saul Rubinek oozes with Hollywood powermonging brilliance, Rappaport(Dick  Ritchie), Pinchot, and many more make cameos.<br />Tarantino wrote it,  Tony  Scott directed it (and borrowed the ending again in Enemy of the State).   It's got it all; love, sex, drugs, rock n roll, revenge, and plenty of  violence with the mother of all endings.  This movie is funny as hell too.   The Director's Cut is the only way to go with this one to note. Nothing  dramatic, just high voltage entertainment!
B000003S0D|5.0|It never ceases to amaze how much this album is overlooked; as far as I'm  concerned it's much better than it's overrated predecessor &quot;In The  Wake Of Poseidon&quot; (which is too close to the first for comfort, to  paraphrase the english music critic) and the album that followed, the  love-or-loathe &quot;Islands&quot;.<br />Now, I'm a big Crimhead; I like every  line-up and love the workings of Mr. Fripp's head, and with that in mind, I  must say that I find &quot;Lizard&quot; to be one of the most insightful  views into the genius of Fripp and his esoteric prog-rock.<br />Musically, it  is beautiful; McCullough's crisp drumming is reminiscent of Mike Giles but  much jazzier and far more competent; Mel Collins's talented sax playing  weaves in and out of Keith Tippet's sophisticated piano improvs whilst all  this is bound quite nicely by Haskell's bass, a stark contrast to the other  pre-Wetton line-ups, where the bass seems to be playing around rather than  with the compositions. The polish is the intricate and lilting acoustic  guitar playing, often adorned with elegant touches of distorted  madness.<br />It also has it's flaws: some of Sinfield's lyrics seem weak,  Haskell's voice is somewhat tame (worse than Lake, better than Burrell) and  the validity of it's concept is sometimes questionable. But considering it  is the first album where Robert took complete creative control of the band  as far as music goes, I find it nothing short of stunning.<br />In short,  &quot;Lizard&quot; is not a good introductory album; that burden must be  shouldered by &quot;In The Court&quot;, &quot;Discipline&quot; or  &quot;Larks'&quot;, all beign albums that are more solid and accessible. It  is however, a great album to buy AFTER you have acquired a taste for  Crimson's beautiful madness, and definite proof that regardless of who  surrounds him, Fripp can summon King Crimson at will.<br />P.S: Both the  quality of the remaster and the mini-gatefold make this one a greatvalue!  ;)
B00004Y9PP|5.0|This movie is impossible to explain!It is nothing short of a 5 star movie. This is one of my favorite movies i own on DVD! Ive taken my liking of this  movie so far that Ive even given out two copies for birthday presents. Well  i'ts a movie in between action, thriller, horror, sci-fi, and Oscar  material. The main character is a person who had an eye operation which  allows him to see in the dark. He seems to be part animal and has  superhuman strength. A group of people become stranded on deadly ground,  and him, the bad guy, must try to save as many of them as he can before the  dark-dwelling creatures catch them. I strongly reccomend this movie to  people who are just starting their DVD collections and want good movies as  well as for people with large DVD collections.
B00000163G|1.0|The title alone reflect's what type of artist he was..media hungry..The album didn't have nothing new to offer rap just pure hypoctitism like the  artist himself. I thought the album was gonna be good but it's was not that  good and I got tired of listening to it like more of his recordings. I  can't beleive he he disrespect producer Dr.Dre a few moth's later. Dre was  a better rapper than he was as well as producer and this album was not  good.
0679777547|4.0|The Club Dumas is a novel filled with great ideas, subplots, and literary  intersections. However, the book really lacks direction. It does not seem  to know whether it is a novel dealing with theology, the nature of  literature, or some combination of both. The main character, Lucas Corso,  is very interesting indeed. And although some of his actions appear morally  reprehensible, the author manages to make him likeable. I did care about  Corso, but I could not help but feel let down by an ending that leaves too  many loose ends, unanswered questions, and a somewhat vague conclusion.
0812580346|4.0|This book has the elements that attract me most to science  fiction---interesting speculations about future technology, and a careful  examination of the consequences of that technology.  The characters are  interesting, and their personalities are in line with the way many  scientists truly are.  Theo's pursuit of Michiko in the end was a little  puzzling (if she blamed Lloyd, why not him too?), but this is the only  complaint that I had.
B000002I2I|4.0|This album, being the first after the woefully underacheiving (but not entirely bad)soft parade, showed the Doors at the rockingest:Roadhouse  Blues is one of their greatest, you make me real is allright, peace frog is  magnificent,ship of fools is good, Land ho is a classic, maggie mcgill is  good as well. waiting for the sun is a more experimental doors song, blue  sunday and the spy and indian summer are all nice ballads (the spy the  best)queen of the highway has a great jazzy tune to it(the demo is the best  version from the box set)-all in all, this album ranks up with the spuerb  Doors, LA Woman and Strange Days as 4 of the best albums ever-not that  waiting for the sun and soft parade are bad-they have good moments of them  too, they r just not as well developed and created like theyr first 2 and  last 2. get it -u will be happy.
0393307050|5.0|Having returned to Master and Commander for a third or fourth read, I am  still amazed and grateful for Patrick O'Brian's skill.  This novel is the  opening chapter in the greatest naval story of all time.  Once you have  completed the third or fourth book, it really sinks in and you are  hooked.<br />Master and Commander one of the better Aubrey/Maturin novels,  which is saying a great deal.  Patrick O'Brian makes good use of a  distinctive writing style and deft humor to breath life into his principle  characters, Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin.  When I initially started  these books in early high school I read them for the gunsmoke of battle and  the incredible acounts of seaborne action; however, now it is the  characters and their relationships that bring me back.  There are no boring  personalities in this book.  No dialogue that is mechanical.  It all  sparkles with life not to be found in the average bestseller, and the story  itself speaks of more than a mere naval adventure.<br />When read as an  individual book, Master and Commander is the best action-drama there is,  whether on the ocean or off.  It brings the Napoleonic Wars to a stature  well deserved.  O'Brian is a master at throwing all that existence has to  offer at his characters, good and bad, then seeing what happens in the  aftermath.  You will never read anything like it.  When read as a series,  the Aubrey-Maturin novels become a grand epic that reflects on the nature  of human life: the adventure, passion and heartbreak that we all are a part  of.<br />A classic for all time.
B00000ILDF|5.0|After seeing Alien Resurrection I decided that this was my favorite of the series.  While the first in the series used silence and darkness and a lack  of action for the first hour or so to create tension strong enough to make  your blood boil, the second used intense action and an overwhelming turn of  odds and confidence for the characters to entertain, and when the third  came out, I'm glad it was something new.  <br />No guns, one alien, a  clautrophobic setting with a distrubingly warm tone to it, and a perfect  setup for the fourth...Ripley falling, clutching the chest burster,  suddenly waking up in the beginning of the fourth movie to realize A3 was  just a dream...too bad the fourth went with cloning.
076790382X|3.0|This book is a collection of newspaper articles that author Bill Bryson  wrote for a British newspaper concerning his thoughts upon returning to  America after 20 years of living in Britain.  As such, the quality of the  book varies greatly with the quality of the articles.  The best usually are  the intenionally humorous pieces about topics as varied the death of  drive-in movie theaters and the joys of American junk food.  The worst  articles come mostly when Bryson takes to his soap box and goes on one of  his left wing tangents.  The political ideas he exposes are those of a  standard liberal bleeding heart and are not at all original.  And for him  to put Kennedy on his list of our greatest Presidents and leave out Truman  is laughable.  Overall, there is some good Bryson material here, but the  whole is inconsistent.
B000009HF2|5.0|This truely was one of the best albums of the 1970's.  Peter Frampton's  live album was immensely popular when it was released and its not hard to  see why.  It is still awesome to listen to 20 plus years after it was  released, and the remastered version brings out the sound of Frampton even  better.  From &quot;Show me the way&quot;, to &quot;Shine On&quot; and his  immortal classic &quot;Do You Feel Like We Do&quot; each and every song  showcases Frampton's great guitar playing and wonderful voice.  You can  tell Peter Frampton was having a great time at this concert and his guitar  playing was never better.<br />This is a great CD that has finally been  remastered and it will delight all Frampton's fans and any fan of good Rock  and Roll.  Highly Recommended!!
B000007T2Z|5.0|I bought this album after I bought the &quot;Slow Riot for New Zero  Kanada&quot; ep, and though it may not be quite as intense it is still very  good. This album has possibly the three most haunting tracks of all time on  it. I always seem to jump every time I here the low voice on the first  track. I think I would recommend getting this album before you get  &quot;Slow Riot for New Zero Kanada&quot;, because if you like this one,  you will love that one. I am not sure how hard either of these album are to  find outside Canada, but I think that everyone who is open to new music  should pick them up.<br />The best way to listen to this album is definitely  in the dark with headphone in, and for at least the first time, you should  be doing nothing other than listening. If you don't happen to enjoy it the  first time give it a few more listens because you always pick up more and  more of it everytime you listen to it.<br />This is definitely not background  music, and it may take time to enjoy it is one of the most intense listens  you will ever hear. It is one of those albums where you can sit back and  listen, and all of these pictures pop up into your head. <br />This is by far  better music than anything played on any rock radio stations or mtv,  muchmusic etc.
0140177396|4.0|Of mice and men it's about two friends who work in a ranch in Salinas  Valley. George and his simple-minded friend Lennie share a dream. It's to  have a place where they can have animals like, rabits. In the ranch they  pass through some problems. Lennie, the simple-minded, break the hand of  the boss's son, Curley. It's a very discripted book, this make it boring  some times. But it have a lot of action, there are fights, murders, etc.  It's an intresting thriller book. You won't set down untill it's finished.
B00000I8NC|5.0|If you are into ground breaking music don't even bother to read this  review. Go and buy it now.<br />The first time I listened to this album I did  not know what to expect. I bought the album without hearing a single note  from the band, but I heard they were very good so I decided to go for it. I  was NOT dissapointed. This album is amazing. Both of the songs build and  build and build and they reach these amazing climaxes, and then you are let  down with a drop.<br />This is one of those album were the music is so good,  it is almost like you had written it yourself.
0140177396|4.0|Of mice and men it's about two friends who work in a ranch in Salinas  Valley. George and his simple-minded friend Lennie share a dream. It's to  have a place where they can have animals like, rabits. In the ranch they  pass through some problems. Lennie, the simple-minded, break the hand of  the boss's son, Curley. It's a very discripted book, this make it boring  some times. But it have a lot of action, there are fights, murders, etc.  It's an intresting thriller book. You won't set down untill it's finished.
0441172717|1.0|Hype aside, it's a good, albeit not spectacular story.  I was actually a  little put off by the grammar and boring parts.  I did have to force myself  to accept &quot;spice&quot; et al.  Is it anti-semitic? It could be  interpreted as such, but I'm not sure.  It's worth a look, but don't buy  into the hype.      And I hope the don't make another movie.  Uhhh...
B000005IU2|5.0|This is probably the greatest rock'n'roll record ever ! The strongest, the  hardest, the most groovy, THE ULTIMATE ! Buy it ! Listen to it ! Love it !  You'll never find anything stronger, except maybe John Coltrane. No comment  !
0440224764|4.0|I am a huge Grisham fan.  I liked the story of this book but hated hated  hated the end.  It wasn't as good as The Pelican Brief, but better than The  Testament and The Chamber.
B00000IN5G|5.0|This is the perfect cd for anyone who likes hearing the sounds of melodic speed/death/thrash metal with almost a power metal edge to it. This cd will  shock you and you are going to go insane becase you will not be able to  believe how good this cd sounds. The vocals are death metal and then you  have the guitar which in this cd is the sounds of classical music being  played on guitar (melodic metal)this band main influence is bach but on  crack. Then there is the keyboard which adds so uch into this band and drum  beats and the double bass drum that will shock you.
0440234743|4.0|I really liked this Grisham even though it was not as suspenseful as some  of the others(Pelican Brief is my fav).  I liked the characters and hated  some of them.  I thought the story was interesting and real.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|Aside from the blatant (even worse than Braveheart, which is saying something) historical inaccuracies, this movie has other problems.  How  exactly did a single German destroyer manage to materialize in the middle  of the Atlantic ocean?  Apart from the massive difficulties involved in  getting past the Royal Navy, that type of ship would be cutting it very  close to have enough fuel for the round-trip plus sub hunting.  And German  losses in destroyers were so heavy in 1940 that they needed every last one  they had for duties closer to home.  Having the &quot;milch cow&quot;  u-boat arrive to pick up the crew was not an unreasonable idea, but  everything after that is just silly.  WW2 submarine captains only wished  enemy destroyers disintegrated like that after a single torpedo hit.  Don't  waste your time with this pulp fiction, go check out Das Boot or Run  Silent, Run Deep instead.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I considered bying this album a few days ago, and I saw quite a few bad reviews, so I thought twice. But then I noticed none of them have actually  listened to the album, just sad people with too much time on thier hands.  Listen, if Brintey is making millions of dollars, inspiring millions of  people around the world, getting nominated for award after award, and  bringing joy to peoples lives, can she really be that bad?  Anyone who  wants to buy this album should not take any of the bad reviews seriously,  because I have yet to see one that is.
B000002J1S|5.0|To many people, THE LAMB LIES DOWN ON BROADWAY represents the pinnacle of  the Peter Gabriel-era Genesis (although SELLING ENGLAND BY THE POUND is  also in the running).  Like all great music, this album is many things to  many people:  It is a &quot;rock opera&quot;, though it's also a collection  of great songs that span several musical genres.  It's immediately  accessible and instantly enjoyable, yet it is complex and infinitely  &quot;deep&quot; on many layers (I've been listening to it for almost  twenty years now, and I can honestly say that I still find something new  evey time I hear it).  It's rock and roll, with leitmotivs that would make  Wagner proud (though it sounds nothing like Wagner).  It's  &quot;progressive rock&quot; in the best sense of the term, although it  contains a theatricality that makes it utterly unique...no other music  before or since sounds like it.  In short, it is an incredible piece of  music, and deserves to be appreciated as such.<br />Today, this album is far  more obscure than it deserves to be...it is every bit as important as other  seminal recordings of the era.  Give it a listen...you'll be hooked for  life!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney sure got some good writers and producers for this CD. The album is mostly fast paced songs, and the slow songs are very good. Where are You  Now showcases how Britney can sing amazingly when she isn't doing lots of  dance moves. And the faced pace songs are what Britney is all about:  catchy, dancable, and awesome. Britney put a lot of work into this, and it  shows. I'm a huge Britney fan, and all my friends are. If you like rap and  hip-hop... you won't care for this, but what would you be doing here in the  first place? If you like pop music, this will never leave your CD player.  And that's all I have to say about that!
B00004TH83|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;I Will Love Again&quot; on the radio, I  thought the voice was that of Celine Dion.  Then, a few months later, I saw  a singer named Lara Fabian belting out that song, along with  &quot;Adagio&quot; on The Donny and Marie Show. The strength of her fiery  live performance made me realize that I had to purchase her CD and give the  album a listen.  To be completly objective, the songs on the album are  somewhat mediocre, lyrically and also in terms of production, which leans  too closely to Celine-esque power pop.  The album is dominated by ballads  that showcase the power of Fabian's voice (which almost always is pushed to  it's fullest emotive capabilities), but the dance songs, if refreshing,  don't seem quite as convincing.  Simply put, if these songs were performed  by a lesser singer, they'd be bland. But Fabian is no lesser singer, and it  is in fact her ablitiy to transcend the material and provide emotional  nuances that saves the songs.  Her gritty interpretation of &quot;To Love  Again&quot; is a highlight, as is her tender rendring of &quot;Broken  Vow&quot; and &quot;Love By Grace.&quot;  Fabian provides maximum emotional  drama on both the English and Italian versions of &quot;Adagio,&quot; and  the 2nd track, &quot;Part of Me&quot; is delivered nicely, featuring a  memorable piano and saxaphone musical background that allow Fabian's voice  to provide the necessary power to move the song forward.   All in all, this  is a good English-language debut by a singer who deserves to be listened to  on her own terms.  Here's hoping the future will bring some more exciting  musical risks on her part, but for now, Fabian's self-titled disc is a  good, solid introduction to a powerful vocalist.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Rarely does a film take the viewer on an emotional rollercoaster as incredibly stunning as this.  This film is three hours of stupendous,  top-of-the-line acting from the greatest ensemble of actors in a long long  time.  P.t. Anderson has put together a mind-blowing journey through a day  of the lives of nine people.  It exposes everything behind the faces in the  media and in the world.  It shows dreams and fears of all of us.  The  beginnings, the ends, the incredible love we posess for each other.  No  other film in recent history has given such immense care to the explanation  of humanity.  The DVD edition of this movie takes it another step by  including a second disc of all the great extras.  This movie is incredible.   Period.
0804106304|5.0|I decided to read this book after I saw part of the movie. For me, the  book was easier to follow. This is probably the best book I have ever read.
0782008372|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time, but I guess most of us like it so I won't write a &quot;real&quot; review.  I did want to comment on the sound and picture quality.  Maybe it's because I have a TV that's not that great in the first place, but I don't really see any major video or audio problems with this DVD.  I guess if you have a home theater system the low quality is obvious, but if you just have a &quot;regular&quot; TV with the DVD player plugged right into it, I doubt you will notice any problems.  This one plays better than some other DVDs I have, like THEY LIVE, and the director's commentary is fun to listen to and informative.  Hopefully they'll release an improved version in the future for the true videophiles.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This DVD is very cool.  It comes with a sleek metal case and an info booklet.  The menu navigation is full of cool Terminator animations.  The second disc has lots of documentaries.  It also includes deleted scenes, the script, story board, casting, audio commentary, and more.  One of the best movies presented wonderfully on this DVD.
6304813759|5.0|In my opinion, 'The Full Monty' should have won 1997's Oscar for Best Picture. However, given that it was up against 'Titanic', you'll know how  unrealistic that hope was. 'The Full Monty' is billed as a comedy, but it  has a lot more to offer. The characterizations are particularly strong, and  the story that is told is actually pretty complex. It offers comments on  the collapse of old industries, and the quiet desperation of the workers  that are left behind. People living in America's rust belt or Canada's  Maritimes should be able to sympathize very strongly with these poor men  from northern England, struggling just to make a living.<br />This is a story  about humiliation, and more than just the humiliation of taking off one's  clothes in public. Every character goes through a more personal humiliation  through this story, and actually emerges stronger as a result. That's what  makes this tale so uplifting. You care for these characters as real people.  And in the end, they've extracted one small victory for themselves -- and  for us.
B00000J2KX|5.0|Many reviewers of this fabulous movie, who read the book first, throw around the adjectives &quot;Atrocious&quot;, and &quot;Disappointing&quot;, without even realizing that this is perhaps the scariest and most  terrifying movie that has ever been produced. I've read only one of Stephen  King's books(Skelaton Crew, a collection of short stories), and it was  certainly very creepy, but I don't think any film maker, could convey the  sort of terror that King's books produce. But Stanley Kubrick did perhaps  the best job that could concievably have been done.<br />Contrary to what  others have said, I don't think Jack Nicholson's character looked psycho in  the beggining at all(Jack just looks that way naturally, just watch Batman,  One Flew over the Cuckoos Nest, or even Reds), I could see a degeneration  in his personality as the movie progressed(don't ask me how other people  didn't, it's an enigma!). Also, I found Shelley Duvall's character to be  comforting, as opposed to annoying, she just seemed like a normal person in  an abnormal world. If people found her annoying because she always  screamed, then they're boring and insipid hypocrites(when the Man or Woman  you marry, is about to hack you into pieces with an axe, I don't think you  would laugh or try to act likable!). The only problem with the movie, in my  opinion, is a scene with a bear suit, and a butler(I hate people that ruin  movies, so I won't go into specifics!). This is just a horribly terrifying  movie, with superb acting, an incredible location, and was directed by the  most prolific director to ever exist, Stanley Kubrick. You are depriving  yourself of potentially years of trauma, and nightmares by not watching  this movie(I would likely be a different person now if I didn't watch this  movie when I was very very young[I think I was six or seven!]), and if you  have watched this movie, then you almost certainly know what I'm talking  about!...
B00000IRED|5.0|Four out of the five movies nominated for the Best Picture Oscar of 1998 deserved to be there, in my opinion. Take out 'The Thin Red Line' and add  in 'The Truman Show', and the Academy would have actually gotten the top  lineup right.<br />'The Truman Show' is an exceptional movie, partly because  it could have gone so wrong. The premise could easily come across as some  episode off of &quot;The Twilight Zone&quot;, and &quot;everybody&quot;  knows that Jim Carrey in the lead role makes this a comedy. Well, it didn't  turn out that way.<br />Jim Carrey, in this movie, shows (once again) that he  can do some excellent dramatic acting. His character has traces of Jim's  wacko roles from the earlier movies that so many viewers define him by, but  this works. Truman Burbank has been raised in a totally unnatural  environment, and Jim Carrey shows the damage that this has caused in the  character. He is like a bomb which can go off at any second, and which does  go off during the course of the movie.<br />Similarly, the rest of the movie  succeeds by walking just at the edge of ludicrousness. The very careful  handling of the story by director Peter Weir, and the restrained  performance of Ed Harris and the rest of the cast keeps us at the very edge  of our suspension of disbelief. The story is bizarre, but just within the  realm of possibility for your mind to accept. The result is like an episode  of &quot;The Prisoner&quot;, directed by Frank Kapra.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Obviously one of the best, if not the best (who could, or would ever want to, make this type of distinction or claim anyhow?),album from the Chili  Peppers. It has all of it. It has fast. It has slow. It has the scream, the  funk, the junk. It is the stuff that makes the Chili Peppers all that and  more. It is why we listen to them. Don't they make you want to get up and  jam, and just rip something apart? They are all amazing musicians.  Anthony's voice is one of the best around. We try, some of us succeed, but  in the end, we step back and let them do it because they do it so well.  This is why we can listen and enjoy, all in the same right, &quot;Under The  Bridge&quot;, &quot;Porcelain&quot;, &quot;Parallel Universe&quot;,  &quot;Get On Top&quot;, and &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magik&quot;. We  understand talent. This band has aged extremely well. This album rocks.
0140277447|2.0|I think the best thing this book has done is at least get people to think about what transpired when the Japanese invaded Nanking. However, from a historical perspective this book is badly researched and written. [...]
B00004RHZU|2.0|Afterhearing There you Go and Most Girls, I had high hopes for this album  but in many ways was disappointed. Split Personality ends before it really  ever gets going, Hell Wit Ya is pretty boring and i usually skip past it,  As i said Most Girls and There You Go are great songs, she obviously  chooses the right song to release as a single. Private Show is personally  my favourite song, but with other songs such as Love is such a crazy thing  and Hiccup, it makes me wonder why i bought this album...
6305903182|5.0|Not always, actually.  In many cases the &quot;final&quot;episode of horror series is the worst (but is there such a thing as a &quot;final&quot; episode in the horror genre ! )  I'm happy to say that this is NOT true for the Scream francise.  Scream 3 is not the best (or scariest) of the series, but heck, compared to a lot of other horror flicks nowadays, its pretty... good!  I will admit that I jumped, bit my nails, and (only once) I actually screamed during this film.  It is fairly scary (although the whole idea and characters of &quot;Scream&quot; are starting to get old).  I found that the gore was not too heavy, but the suspense is...  I, personally, had NO IDEA who the killer was until he/she/them was revealed at the end.  And you gotta admit, they are good at keeping you guessing the killer's identity until it is revealed...But anyway, this movie is a suitable conclusion to a really great trilogy and if you enjoyed the first two films; you'll love number three!  (In a related note: the DVD is full of great goodies for fans of the series [Creed music video, bloopers and behind the scenes for all three scream movies, movie trailers, a bunch of short commercials, and lots more stuff!)  END
B00004W50T|5.0|It's great to see such a terrific album finally get the treatment it  deserves-remastered sound quality, an expanded CD booklet, and the real  &quot;gravy&quot;-all the bonus tracks! This is the album that created a  musical revolution in 1968 (no small feat for the 60's!) Influencing  everybody from the Beatles to Eric Clapton (whom even went so far as to  make a pilgrimage to Big Pink to hang out and jam!) This was honest,  well-written (by Robbie Robertson, Bob Dylan , Richard Manuel, Rick Danko)  well-played (three superb singers), just plain great music! The classics  are here &quot;The Weight&quot;, &quot;I Shall Be Released&quot;,  &quot;This Wheel's On Fire&quot;-but others in the original line-up are  just as good: &quot;We Can Talk&quot;, &quot;Long Black Veil&quot;, and  &quot; Tears of Rage&quot; also standout. The bonus tracks are reason to  buy this CD alone!-These are rare songs that only collectors have been able  to hear: &quot;Ferdinand The Imposter&quot;, &quot;If I Lose&quot; and  &quot;Orange Juice Blues&quot; are finally available in pristine CD  quality! Can we give this album 6 stars?!!
B000000I02|4.0|Hatfield and the North was a progressive, quasi-supergroup.  The members  previously played with Caravan, Matching Mole, Soft Machine, Gong and Egg.   I used to consider them a mature version of Caravan.  The music is a nice  mixture of all the styles of the parent bands.  It is progressive, without  being too pretentious or bombastic, and jazzy, without being discordant  like some of Soft Machine or Matching Mole.  This album also features the  &quot;Northettes&quot;, a trio of female vocalists.  They add a nice,  unique touch.  Some of the songs are reminiscent of Chick Corea's early  Return to Forever.  Other songs are more energetic progressive  tunes.<br />Hatfield and the North recorded a second album (Rotter's Club)  which wasn't quite as good.  They had a reunion tour in 1990 and released a  very good live CD, that is even better than this album.  Near the end of  the seventies, they evolved into National Health.  Alot of the National  Health material sounds alot like the music here.  Other National Health  material is less successful, being tedious structured jazz pieces.   <br />Note:  Phil Miller never played with Caravan.  The Miller on Waterloo  Lily was keypboard player Steve Miller.
B0000028M7|5.0|The Seattle &quot;grunge&quot; movement was more or less a bunch of  talented hard rock bands taking Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath riffs to  Olympian heights (though there were certainly other influences admixtured  as well).  Perhaps no other band of the era was able to capture the monster  guitar riff as efficiently and powerfully as Alice in Chains.  Indeed Jerry  Cantrell contributed some of the decade's best riffs.  Coupled with an  equally talented rhythm section and the nightmarish howls of Layne Staley  and you have the formula for great hard rock.<br />Nowhere in their repletoir  is this more apparent than on &quot;Dirt.&quot;  From the bone crunching  riff of &quot;Them Bones&quot; which opens the album, it is a non-stop  thrill ride.  Complete with some of the heaviest songs the  &quot;grunge&quot; era produced, as well as some of the best slow songs of  the decade ie. Down in a Hole, Rooster, every song on this album is killer,  as the band was able to couple some of the most disturbing, depressed  lyrics ever written with some of the catchiest choruses ever  composed.<br />There are numerous standout tracks: Them Bones, Dam That River,  Down in a Hole, Rooster, Hate to Feel, Angry Chair, and of course Would?.   The band Godsmack got their name from a song on this album.  If you like  hard rock, you'll like this though it probably takes a few listens to get  used to because it is so different than most other bands, but once you get  used to it, you'll love it
B000007U4U|4.0|Hatfield and the North was a progressive, quasi-supergroup.  The members  previously played with Caravan, Matching Mole, Soft Machine, Gong and Egg.   I used to consider them a mature version of Caravan.  The music is a nice  mixture of all the styles of the parent bands.  It is progressive, without  being too pretentious or bombastic, and jazzy, without being discordant  like some of Soft Machine or Matching Mole.  This album also features the  &quot;Northettes&quot;, a trio of female vocalists.  They add a nice,  unique touch.  Some of the songs are reminiscent of Chick Corea's early  Return to Forever.  Other songs are more energetic progressive  tunes.<br />Hatfield and the North recorded a second album (Rotter's Club)  which wasn't quite as good.  They had a reunion tour in 1990 and released a  very good live CD, that is even better than this album.  Near the end of  the seventies, they evolved into National Health.  Alot of the National  Health material sounds alot like the music here.  Other National Health  material is less successful, being tedious structured jazz pieces.
6305750750|3.0|The debate rages on -- the movie was awful, the movie was great, it was better than Jedi, it was worse than Jedi, it's too childish, it's too  commercial -- whatever.  Personally, I believe the first trilogy were  children's movies as well, but that fact was disguised by the absence of  children as characters and revealed with young Anakin.  Complaining that  this incarnation lacks the depth of the originals is like complaining that  the Power Rangers aren't as deep as the Ninja Turtles were.  These movies  are eye-candy and escape, and Episode I doesn't disappoint in either  category.<br />The reason for the three stars is Lucas' mercenary  merchandising.  Thirty dollars is too much to pay for a VHS tape, even if  it has a little booklet with it.  C'mon Lucas, give the people what they  want: A two-disc DVD with deleted scenes, director's commentary, and an  option to digitally remove Jar-Jar.
B000003NA4|5.0|AWESOME should not be said for anything that happens to be above average.   AWESOME should be reserved for such spectular happenings as the eruption of  Mount Saint Helens,  Steve Yeager breaking the sound barrier, Roger  Bannister breaking the four minute mile, and Diana Krall rewriting the jazz  scene.  After listening to this and three other of her CD's, I purchased  tickets to see her, with Tony Bennett, in concert.  That concert should  have been recorded.  I would be the first in line to purchase that CD.   Being a musician myself, I can appreciate the style of her phrasing.  Diana  Krall is the best thing to hit the jazz scene since Ella.  Diana Krall can  be described in two words;  simply AWESOME.
B00003CXDU|4.0|An alien race of brightly colored octopi build a utopian society based on the ideals of Galaxy Quest, a Star-Trekish television show which they  believe is a documentary.  When their society is threatened by a large,  slimy warlord, they call upon the fictional captain and his crew to save  them, beaming up the bickering has-beens who played on the show.  Can these  egocentric actors find the inner strength to beat the bad guy?<br />I'm sure  you know the answer, but don't let that stop you.  Galaxy Quest is  hyper-fun, especially for Star Trek fans but fine for noninitiates as well.   The script pokes fun at ST conventions, Shatnerian egos, and poor  production values, but doesn't betray an inherent love for all of those  things as well.  The teasing is laser-precise, but light-hearted.<br />Don't  miss Tim Allen riffing on his macho persona, Sigourney Weaver as a blonde  (!) who plays second fiddle to her bosom, and the alien race of Thermians,  who are convincingly awkward in their human disguises.  Also note the  incredible creature design, from bad guy Serris to a bunch of pint-sized  miners to the psychedelic Thermians.<br />I can't imagine anyone taking the  plot seriously.  We don't believe for a second that Allen and crew are  going to fail in their mission.  But that doesn't stop the laugh-laden  script from careening amiably to its predictable end.  <br />Guaranteed for  plenty of laughs and even more smiles, Galaxy Quest may be a lightweight,  but is certainly the best of that class.
B00002MZ2C|2.0|Rage sorta has a beastie boys sound to em, loud and trashy, and I only got  this cd for the song &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot; which is da bomb! I didn't  really think too much about the rest though.
B00004T37H|5.0|A lot of Japanese animation is baffling to the casual American browser.  It's good eye candy, but never makes much sense, zipping through futuristic  scenes and strange fantasies with nary a pause for breath.  Among these  hyper-caffeinated tales of robots and nubile women, Mononoke sticks out  like a chicken at a penguin convention.<br />Think &quot;Dances With  Wolves,&quot; only more epic in scope and universal in theme.  Beautifully  drawn and animated, Princess Mononoke explores the giant forests of feudal  Japan and the effect of civilization on old gods.  For 133 jaw-dropping  minutes, Hiyao Miyazaki draws you into a complex tale that eschews the easy  answers and obvious heroes and villains that Americans expect from  animation.<br />If you can't get your head around the idea that this is a  serious cartoon, think of it as an Oscar-caliber live-action script, forced  into animation because the special effects budget would have been too high.   That should get you past continental prejudices enough to lose yourself in  the beauty and power of Miyazaki's imagery.<br />Bring your attention span and  your brain, and don't miss this movie. You'll kick yourself for missing it  in its limited theatrical release.
B000002JBG|5.0|Get hyped up with this soundtrack from the 1996 partly animated movie  Space Jam. This cd features such arists as Jay Z, Monica, All-4-One, Method  Man, R Kelly, Coolio, Seal, The one and only Bugs Bunny, plus MANY more rap  and R&amp;B artists! A lot of these songs are &quot;Pump It Up&quot; songs,  Ide say a little over half are. It's great!
B00004YA66|4.0|Freqency.  2 words for you out there.  Very Unexpecting.  Ever imagine of communicating into the future when you were a kid?  If yes, go back into  those dreams wiith this movie.  Grab our wife or kids, and sit down to  enjoy this thriller.  It will amaze and entertain you. So many people will  promise you.
B000002VMD|5.0|I think Whitney Houston totaly deserve to have 5 stars with The Bodyguard  album, because just by listening to this incredible voice and brilliant  songs and the way she uses her voise with such a good technic and power  it's very obvious that this album contains top music!!!
6302638771|5.0|This is simply one of the most important films to come out of Hollywood. I recently watched this again, after a few years time, and I completely enthralled by it. The depths our government went to lie to us is at the same time shocking and horrifying. The acting is first rate and the story is so powerful that it will leave a lasting impression in you long after you've first seen it. This is epic filmmaking.
0688170528|3.0|Jodi Picoult's &quot;The Pact&quot; is reminiscent of Rosellen Brown's  novel &quot;Before and After&quot;.  In both books, the authors portray  happy families before and after tragedy strikes.  In &quot;The Pact,&quot;  Chris and Emily are two teenagers who have been best friends for many years  and they are inseparable.  When tragedy strikes, the lives of Chris and  Emily, as well as those of their families, are irrevocably changed.  Picoult starts the book well.  We get a sense of how the two families (the  Golds and the Hartes) interact, and we see in flashback how Chris and Emily  grew up together.  However, the book falters when Picoult discusses the  tragedy that is the centerpiece of the book.  Without being too specific  (for the sake of not giving away any secrets), there are some important  plot points converning Chris's behavior that weaken the book's  believability.  Chris and Emily's characters should have been developed  with more care.  In addition, the book has too many melodramatic touches.  &quot;The Pact&quot; lacked dramatic resonance for me, and I found it too  contrived to be truly involving.
014028009X|5.0|I loved this book!  It was funny, insightful and, unfortunately for me,  very reminiscent of my years as a &quot;singleton&quot;.  Could not put it  down and can't wait to start the sequel.
630575067X|3.0|While the original Star Wars series wasn't a revelation in story-telling (It was a little too soap opera-ey), it had many things that people  identified with.  They liked the &quot;scruffy&quot; rogue, the country boy  who does good, the elegant and feisty princess and the comic relief.   <br />Lucas takes parts of his first trilogy and stuffs it to make the Phantom  Menace.  The space battle is a pale comparison to the &quot;star war&quot;  in ROTJ, the pod race seems just like the forest chases in ROTJ, the  dirtiness and the hopelessness of Tatooine takes place again like it did  first Star Wars: A New Hope. <br />Having robbed his first trilogy for ideas,  he creates bland characters.  Other than Qui-Gon Jinn and Princess Amidala,  the others feel awkward in their roles.  The worst of course is Jar-Jar who  only purpose is to do cute things (such as bump into things, get in trouble  and do cutsy spirals before jumping into water).  The unfortunate thing is  that Jar-Jar will return in the next movie (Lucas, try listening to your  fans instead of your marketing group).  <br />The story revolves around the  Trade Federation, an organization that has political aspirations.  It has  created a blockade around the small planet of Naboo and the Supreme  Chancellor has sent two Jedi Knights to take care of the situation.  Lord  Sidious, who is sick and tired of waiting around tells his underlings to  begin the invasion of Naboo (for what purpose, I don't know).  So faster  than the Iraqis left Kuwait, Naboo is taken over and occupied by Federation  Idiot Droids that seem to say &quot;Roger Roger&quot; over and over  again.<br />The princess, the jedi and silly Binks escape to warn the Republic  senate but lose their Hyperdrive and land in Naboo for repairs.  There they  meet Anakin and his mother.  While it is his mother's destiny to be a slave  forever (?), Anakin's is to be a jedi knight, because of the kaka that Jedi  Jinn has made up (sorry...Lucas took a fatal stepwith this mitichlorian  mumbo jumbo) and the fact that Shmi won't admit to who the father is. Lord  Sidious sends the devil himself, but Satan (called Darth Maul here) has  forgotton to wear his sandals and the good guys get away. <br />So after being  sidetracked with an irrelevant pod-race, the mission continues and they  reach the magnificent planet of Coruscant to persuade the Senators that the  Trade Federation are actually bad people.  After Chancellor Vellorum proves  that he should have acted like Wilson from &quot;the Limey&quot;, not  Pricilla Queen of the Desert, he is ousted and Princess Amidala pushes  Senator Palpatine (in a big conflict of interest) as the new Supreme  Chalupa...sorry Chancellor.  So with the politicking all done, the  &quot;rebels&quot; go back to Naboo to turn some droids into end tables.   Problem is, they have no army.  Enter the Gungans, who are basically like a  third cousin from the backwoods of Arkansas.  Their king (who looks like a  refugee from Mardi Gras) gets fooled into helping the people that like to  look down on them, so the war begins and Gungans are the front line.  Of  course, don't expect the Naboo (whose planet is named after them) to do  anything but supervise.  <br />I won't give away the ending but I'm sure that  anyone reading this already knows what is going to happen.  So why am I  giving this 3 stars instead of the 1 it deserves?  Because Lucas is a  marketing genius and has turned by mind into goo.  He already has me trying  to pre-order tickets for the next Star Wars coming out with a wave of his  hand.  I am and will always be a Star Wars slave....I just wish George  Lucas would make the pain of seeing Jar Jar Binks a little more  bearable....Rating: C+
0316921173|1.0|Attention college students: Just because it's long, doesn't mean it's  Joycean.<br />In reading these reviews, I notice that people who made it  through this monstrosity tend to give it five-star treatment. For their  troubles, are they rewarding themselves by way of praising the book?<br />I  got midway through. I think this book owes no small debt to the word  processor. The author had a built-in Thesaurus, and he used it to the hilt.  And the word processor came in very handy for entering and formatting all  those footnotes!<br />Far from being Joycean, this book represents to me the  tyranny of the English Department. I'm glad I'm not in school anymore and  could abandon it without risking an F.
B00004WG28|3.0|People have told me that nothing happens in the first 3/4 of Anna and the King.  However, they are missing the point.  A whole lot happens, however,  it is not about guns, wars or sex.  What happens is that you are whisked  away into another world, another era and you are given an opportunity to  see the Regal Siam before it became Seedy Thailand.  <br />The point of view  of this movie is taken from the main female lead, Anna Leonowens, whose  novel the movie is based upon.  She is a typically portrayed Englishwoman  in the 1800's (read: repressed, stiff upper lipped etc) who has left India  with her son, Louis and her two Indian servants.  She accepts a job offer  from the King of Siam to teach his future heir the ways of the western  world, as well as his 57 other children and a few of his wives and  concubines as well.  Along the way, not only does she teach the children,  but also teaches the king about civilized life (which does not include 26  wives or slavery).  This conflict leads to the start of a underlying  romance.<br />That is one of the two main plots.  The other main plot revolves  around skirmishes between Siam and mysterious Burmese forces who are backed  by the British.  The kingdom is in potential peril and things start getting  more intense as the movie draws to it's conclusion.<br />There is also a  subplot.  Tuptin, the Kings newest concubine (he has like 58 of them), has  been purchased from her father, who is a Tea Merchant.  However, Tuptin has  already been in love with another man who is her soulmate.  She is torn  between service to her King and being with the man whom she really cares  for.<br />The first major plotline works well.  While teaching the children,  we see through Anna's eye's the majesty and tranquility of the Siamese  landscape and their rich customs.  I was intrigued and felt like I was  whisked away to another place and time.  <br />The Subplot also works very  well in its tragedy.  We begin feeling for the hopelessnessthat Tuptin  (played beautifully by Bai Ling of Wild Wild West fame) feels when she  realizes that the king will never let her go and the desperate move she  makes to resolve her inner turmoil.<br />The war plot does not work well.  The  outcome of the nature of the conflict is disappointing to say the least and  becomes burdonsome to the plot of the movie.  Andy Tennant, who is a  Romantic Director at heart (his other 2 movies Ever After and Fools Rush In  are wildly romantic GenX affairs) is poor at handling complex war  plotlines.<br />Jodie Foster does a good job (she is a completely reliable  actress) as the repressed teacher and she has this underlying sexual  tension (never realized) with the King who, under his maschoistic society  culturalism, secretly admires Anna.  And it is Chow-Yun Fat who steals the  show (with Bai Ling).  He is so very regal and I wouldn't be suprised if he  ever becomes King of a small South Asian Monarchy.  He has that much  charisma.  <br />So, I recommend renting Anna and the King before you purchase  it.  You will like the first 3/4 (where nothing supposidly happens), but  will probably be disappointing at the end, when this war thing is thrown  into the plot to liven things up....Rating: B-
6303477259|5.0|I have worn out my VHS copy of this concert.The special effects are terrific, and the audio can only be better on DVD.Pink Floyd fans need to  voice a plea to put this fantastic live concert on DVD.
0525457585|5.0|It's different from other books! The chapters are from A-Z!   You've seen  the movie, right? If you have, it's like that, but with much more! And  better! For those who haven't, it's about a boy who stole a book from a  store, ran to the school attic, and locked himself in. Then started to  read. The Story in the story we're reading, is about the mission Atreyu  must take- to find an earthling child, to give the empress a new name,  because the nothing is taking over Fantastica! Pretty complicated, huh?   Well, The boy (Bastian Balthazar Bux) gives her a name (not telling!). He  gets a grain of sand and endless wishes! (here's something I don't know if  I should tell...) The problem is, Bastian has to wish to 'regain'  Fantastica, but with each wish, he loses a memory, and he needs a memory to  get back home! Oh the horror of it all!!!  I read this at camp, I took it  everywhere, I couldn't stop reading, I really wanted to know what happened!  You will too ;oP
B00000J7JO|1.0|I remeber liking this when I bought it, somehow....<BR><BR>Nowadays I find it to be irritating CD which for some odd reason everybody likes, I think that came about when I started listening to CD's and records because they had something to give me, the Peppers don't.<BR><BR>Nothing on this album has anything that I can relate to, and in fact most of the album is extremley irritating to me.  So I can't say stay away allthough I can say I don't like it.
B0000041Q3|5.0|Among the countless Turandots on the store shelves these days, this is the  one that stands out. I can't yet say it's the best, because I haven't heard  them all. But, by far of all the ones I have heard, this one is the best.  The singing is beyond critism. And the sound quality is excellent.
6300268470|5.0|This is one of the 5 best westerns ever made. John Wayne is solid as a rock, Dino gives a fine performance as the reformed drunk, Walter Brennan  is hilarious and Angie as lovely as ever. Even pop-singer Ricky Nelson  works fine here. Young people seem to find it a little on the slow side -  so, maybe you have to be somewhat mature to fully appreciate it. Hawks  tried to improve it with the making of &quot;El Dorado&quot; - but this one  is better!Highly recommended!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This film was created for me to love. It's a combination of science-fiction and martial-arts, the two most important things I do in my  life.<br />Looking at the film science-fictionaly I have to say the script  must have been written with outmost care and heavy thought, and by someone  who has read good hard sci-fi before. There are no holes in the theory  presented, and that takes thought. Often, when I see a sci-fi film, I find  it's flaws in a sec, like the immposiblity of the time-loop in &quot;12  monkies&quot; or even &quot;Back to the future&quot; (Yeah, yeah, I don't  take it seriously too). Any way, the sci-fi level of &quot;The Matrix&quot;  is very high, and it's nice to watch a film you can feel was made to meet  the highest standarts. <br />On the martial-arts side, what can you say? They  brought YUEN WOO PING to train the whole cast for 6 months AND do the  choreography. Yuen, if you don't know, is one of Hong-Kong's leading  directors and choreographers. He is the one that made Jackie Chan a star  (in his film &quot;Snake in the eagle's shadow&quot; and later in  &quot;Drunken Master&quot;), besides, it's about time that Holywood notice  the Hong-Kong action\Martial-arts cinema, and this film is a beautyfull  token of aprreciation.<br />Another point to raise is the philosophic one. The  questions posed in the film, concerning the nature of reality and how much  of what we believe to be reality is objectively real, wo'nt be new to a  veteran sci-fi reader (more so if he likes Philip K.Dick), but they are  posed very gently and elegantly and they keep attacking the viewer  throughout the film, a thing that will make a viewer that is dealing with  those questions for the first time to be amazed at this new avenue of  thought revealed to him.<br />The acting is excellent, the special effects are  amazing, the pace is fast, the overall experience is MINDBLOWING.<br />See  this film.
B000002KL3|5.0|There's a feature that I strongly appreciate of a music album that only a few do: that ALL the selections are good, that all share the same high  quality, and that all could be capable of being released as  singles.<br />According to my taste, &quot;Women and Children First&quot;  falls in this category, and because of that it deserves to be labeled as  one of the best Van Halen albums.<br />All the songs, from &quot;And the  Cradle Will Rock&quot; to &quot;In a Simple Rhyme&quot; are brilliant. They  show rhythm, energy, they're fun, they're 100% rock n' roll.
B00003CWNR|5.0|This film with a brilliant multi-layered script like a modern day East Of Eden has everything Natural Beauty( female beauty Charlize Theron in a  natural environment) Wonder, pathos, the importance of honesty and how one  affects others, dreams,unpredictability, it is truly a classic.Michael  Caine was just wonderful..I've never seen him give a finer performance. So  many  films even if they are done well...you just don't really care about  the characters...and here you care about all of them.
B00004U9MS|2.0|A good album and a deserved mercury nominee, not as outlandish as  radiohead or bubbly as travis but quite good nevertheless.  whatever about  &quot;Yellow&quot;, &quot;trouble&quot; for me is the standout track.
B000002NIW|2.0|I'm going to make this short!! I bought this album because of &quot;Be  Quiet And Drive&quot;. When I heard this album the other songs didn't quite  cut it, THIS song was very well musically composed; It has a whimisically  sensual sound that enbarks the odd promiscuous mystery of how music can be  organic. I believe a classical orchestra inspiration would've really gave  the band more staying power. this is where this band stands in my top 5.  <br />#5 Goo Goo Dolls (Only One) #4 Stone Temple Pilots (Plush) #3 DEFTONES  (BE QUIET AND DRIVE) #2 Sianspheric (Nothing Stands) #1 Blur (Battle)
0140185232|5.0|A wonderful depiction of a group of young people trying to find their way  in life that almost anyone will be able to relate to. The author inserts  himself as narrator and provides character sketches that are beautifully  constructed and often poetic. I loved this book and am delighted to have  found Maugham through this book. I will be reading him regularly from now  on.
B000031WI8|5.0|This is a fabulous collection of Wham!, and just shows us that George  Michael was best as a star with Andrew Ridgley.  The three best songs on  the album are &quot;Club Tropicana&quot;, &quot;Careless Whisper&quot;, and  &quot;Wham Rap&quot;.  Interestingly enough, all these three songs were  written by Andrew Ridgley and George Michael.  When someone asks me do you  like George Michael's music, I say &quot;no&quot;.  I like Wham!'s music.  This was the best duo in the 1980's.  As Culture Club is the number 1  group, they were number 2.  Even though some hits are missing like &quot;If  You Were There&quot;, this is still a good compilation.  It has three great  songs, the best three I all ready mentioned.  But it even holds some of the  other classics.  It has &quot;Last Christmas&quot; which is great.  Even  though &quot;Last Christmas is credited to being a pudding mix, the song is  very similair to the album it came from.  &quot;Everything She Wants&quot;  is credited to being a remix, and it is, but the song is still good.  What  is slightly different from the original album version, even though it does  not say it on this album is &quot;Freedom&quot;, but it still holds a  punch.  The smooth song &quot;Where Did Your Heart Go&quot; is also  included on this CD.  Great music, from a great duo.
6305046832|5.0|This film could stand as proof that style and imagination are more important than money and special effects.  Though made on a shoestring  budget, this is one of the most eerie and haunting films I've ever come  across, the kind of horror movie which really does leave a lasting  impression.<br />Out of three women involved in a car accident, only one  survives.  After managing to recover and start a new life in the city, the  survivor begins to find herself 'cut off' from the world, sometimes finds  nobody can see or hear her.  These are scenes anybody who has ever felt  alienated from society or lost in the world can easily identify with.  The  film is a wealth of unnerving images, such as the abandoned amusements park  and dance hall.<br />Another memorable aspect of the film is the dark-suited,  deathly-faced phantom who seems to lurk in every shadow.  Somehow I found  him a far more sinister and unnerving presence than Freddy or Jason.  It  must be the power of the imagination - the psychological threat of danger,  what might happen, is far more terrifying than simple acts of blood-letting  or violence.<br />All in all, this film is everything a horror film should be  - filled with haunting images, a sympathetic central character and a  clever, thought-provoking storyline.
B00000HZTB|4.0|I always loved the instumentation / playing on the vinyl version of the Blue Mask. It redeemed the sometimes cloying sentimentality in the lyrics and vocals mentioned by other reviewers. Yet recently I purchased a CD copy, to recapture the pristine sound disappearing from the aging vinyl. Strangely, Lou's vocals actually sound more robust, less edgy while the lovely guitar sounds don't have their glistening seductiveness anymore. Guess I'll still be listening to the vinyl for a while.<BR>.....Well some way down the track I have bought a new CD player, upgraded my old NAD to a new 541 and wow! what a revelation. Stuff here I could not even hear before. I was so misguided as to having thought there was not much difference between digital sources. I'll be more careful in future!
B00000IQBM|5.0|A tense thriller based on one of Stephen King's horror masterpieces, this is an 'isolation' story, in that it shows a handful of characters cut off  from the outside world.  The mansion is wonderfully eerie, especially the  scenes involving the big, empty intimidating house from the point of view  of a child.  There are some haunting images involving undead characters and  a butler who is more than he seems, but what really makes the film  unmissable is Jack Nicholson's overwhelming performance as a family man who  slowly becomes more irritable and unstable, ultimately resulting in an  edge-of-seat finale.
B000002UAI|5.0|Maybe I'm biased, but I've listened to this album over and over for many  years, and I just don't hear the so called 'weak spots' that so many  critics have spoken of.  What's so wrong with cover songs? Given their  sterling touch, they rank among the group's finest original compositions.  How about taking a look at the leap forward they took on &quot;Beatles For  Sale&quot;? Ringo's use of tympani on &quot;Every Little Thing&quot; (my  favorite track), the innovative 'fade-in' on &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot;,  George Harrison's country-flavored guitar work on &quot;Baby's In  Black&quot; (great harmonies too!), the confessional tone of John's lyrics  on &quot;I'm A Loser&quot; and &quot;No Reply&quot;(another personal fave)  and the album cover itself (at a time when they were being sold to the  public as happy-go-lucky, lovable mop-tops, the photo of them not smiling  and looking very deadbeat was a bold move). Point blank, if you're a true  Beatles fan, a casual listener, or looking for a place to start your  Beatles collection, &quot;...For Sale&quot; is an essential item. 36 years  after it's release, this relaxing, transitional effort is still a pleasure  to hear and reminds us of how big an impact these four young lads had on  music and pop culture.  A Classic.
B000000OQY|5.0|OK, so it's only a 34 minute cd, it only has 8 songs, only one single was  released, and only one video from it, the first 4 songs were released on a  previous EP, 1 of the songs isn't even their's, it's a Aerosmith song, and  1 of the songs is a redone version of the orignal!  That dosn't mean  anything though, because this is just a great cd.  It opens up with the 4  songs from Live Like A Suicide, and continues on with 4 accoustic songs.   Mama kin done orignaly by Aerosmith, is a amazing cover, one of Gn'R's best  if not their best.  Pateince is the best song on the cd, it's so sweet, and  even though it's a accustic song, you'll feel like it belongs on Appetite.   One in a Million and Used to Love Her might not have the greatest lyrics,  meaning they can easily be offensive, are 2 great songs, no doubt about it,  with the lyrics or without.  The 2 songs just have everything right in  them, great music, great vocals, their just great.  And the re-release of  Your Crazy isn't nearly as fast as the orignal on Appetite but personaly I  think it's a better version, and most people will agree with me.  What can  I say, it's not the longest, and it's not the most orignal, but hey, it's  just a great cd.  ~Ronnie
B00000J6AG|5.0|And in the top ten of the 1990s.  What's truly brilliant about this album  is that it crosses so many genres and yet is a coherent whole.  I've found  that this album still feels new after numerous listenings.  My personal  favourite track is Everloving, followed by Porcelain and Machete.  I prefer  the ambient tracks to the more aggressive-sounding songs, but every track  shows Moby's great love of music and the genius he devotes to it as a  result.This CD is a very welcome addition to my collection, and will be to  yours as well.
B000002ITW|5.0|From the very beginning of their fateful collaboration, it was clear that this was to be the first of the new super-groups, composed of discontented  refugees who either quit or were bounced from monster groups like the  Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, and the Hollies. And after an initial success  with a first album the group added Still's former partner in crime from the  Buffalo Springfield group Neil young to the line-up, the strange witches  brew of creative energy and talent that resulted exploded onto the  contemporary rock scene at Woodstock to an amazed audience with such power  and originality. Of course, this number one album was the result of their  original collaboration, and it shot to the top of the charts, where it  remained for years!<br />This live album is full of smash hits and  breath-taking sounds, from the opening truncated version of \\"Suite Judy  Blue Eyes\\" to the elegiac \\"Teach Your Children\\" to the provocative notion  of multiple lover relationships in David Crosby's \\"Triad'. They are really  live here, as you can tell by the occasional faux-pas or corny references,  and the album is an honest snapshot of CSN&amp; Y live, as they were for  those of us old enough and lucky enough to have seen them before they  started playing exclusively in ball parks and arenas. What the listener  also gets here is an intriguing look at each of the members of the band as  a solo artist, and I was glad to see that in the CD version they added a  nice Graham Nash song or two, since he is often the least covered of the  four superstars comprising the group.  Of course, the real reason to buy  this long, long CD is the electric jamming between Stills and Young on a  number of later songs, like \\"Southern Man\\", \\"Ohio\\", and \\"Carry On\\". There  are some extended riffs and exchanges between the two that really showcase  their mutual magic as well as the brilliance of the band at its best  moments. This is a terrific albeit mixed bag of an album,  and one everyone  who calls himself (or herself) a rock fan should have it on his or her  shelf. Enjoy!lls himself (or herself) a rock fan should have it on his or her  shelf. Enjoy!
B000001Y79|5.0|I bought this CD last year, after hearing &quot;Just A Girl&quot; on the  radio. It is one of the few CDs I own that I love every single song on. It  has such a variety of styles- ska, punk, rock, and pop all make  appearances. If you have heard &quot;Spiderwebs&quot; and &quot;Just A  Girl&quot; and like both of them, then by all means get this CD!!! You'll  love it!!
B000002KD9|5.0|This was the album the prolific Neil Young released right after his first  flirtation with CSN&amp;Y, and once again he shows just how wide and deep  his musical talents are. All we aging sixties kids all have a copy of both  this album and his \\"Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere\\" album; it is standard  issue for older babyboomers.  Indeed, out of the welter of so many artists  with so much in the way of incredible and unforgettable music, Neil Young  stands alone as a sixties icon, someone who has consistently done the music  his way, and with great sincerity, consistent authenticity, and a singular  verve. No one has produced the range and quantity of memorable songs and  melodies, as has Mr. Young, who has always produced what he wanted on his  terms, and has never sold out to commercialism or tried to appeal to the  mainstream audience. <br />Here we have so many terrific songs like \\"Tell Me  Why\\",  \\"After The Goldrush\\", and his smash hit, \\"Southern Man\\", that it is  hard to remember that this is just one of several such albums he released  in short order over a three or four year period. IN a number of other  songs, such as \\"Only Love Can Break Your Heart\\", which Linda Ronstadt later  did a great cover of, Neil's genius and guitar virtuosity shines, as it  does in songs like \\"Don't Let It Bring You Down\\", \\"Birds\\", \\"I Believe In  You\\", and a personal favorite of mine, \\"When You Dance\\". Young may well be  an iconoclast, someone who is unpredictable, unreliable from a business  sense, and something of a prima donna, but he always plays straight from  the heart (and groin), and one knows that the guy playing that axe so  masterfully is absolutely in control of the incredible sounds emanating  from it. Wow! Put this baby in the CD player and listen as the CD  illustrates why Neil Young will never die! Long may his chrome heart shine!
0060976624|5.0|This has to be the most intelligent, interesting, funny, and best written  fiction I've read. You just can't put it down! It makes you think twice  about what you do to &quot;pay the mortgage.&quot; Also an insightful look  into the business of lobbying. Can't think of anyone who wouldn't enjoy  this book.
B000002H97|5.0|This is the album that blew the doors wide open for Metallica.  Before  their self-titled album, which eventually became known as the Black Album,  the 'Tallica boys changed their approach to music.  Their previous albums  were constructed of heavy and grunge metal.  The Black album brought a  mixture of what Metallica is really capable of.  The album is mixed with  both heavy and loud titles, such as Enter Sandman and Wherever I may Roam,  to ballads such as Nothing Else Matters.<br />If you wish to introduce someone  to Metallica, this album is the right choice as someone's first album.   They'll get a taste of both extremes.
0451191153|5.0|This book is overlong, filled with ponderous prose, and many banal  trivialities.  It could have benefitted from a decent editor.  It is  nevertheless a greatly inspiring book.  While the characters are generally  drawn in black and white, at least &quot;white&quot; is well-defined in a  creative way, and in many respects gives the readers some true perspective  which in fact may be applied to their lives.  On my wall at work, I have  written:  &quot;What would Howard Roarke do?&quot; and while I can't say  that this has greatly influenced all of my major (or even minor) life  decisions, I value the availability of this benchmark personality, no  matter how perfect (and hence unrealistic).  It is very easy to be cynical  about Ayn Rand and I have enjoyed that pastime myself.  However, her work  survives due to the truly insights it provides.  I recommend The  Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged for both good stories and potentially  life-changing ideas.
0380789019|5.0|This book, in my opinion, is one of the best books I have read that has  ever come close to sounding as if it were actually based on a real person's  experience.  I thought that this book was written very well, and I  especially liked the parts that told of the main character's experiences  underground.  Ever since I finished reading this book, I began to wonder  if, somewhere, maybe an underground world truly does exist. :)
0783235380|5.0|I just saw this movie on TV and I came straight here to tell everyone to at least rent it and try it - then come to amazon .com to buy it.<br />It was  a really well made flick.  It was funny and a little sad and just  wonderful.  Ben Affleck is trying to get to his wedding and everything but  the kitchen sink is being thrown in his way - including Sandra Bullock.   Doubting himself and his upcomming wedding, Ben struggles to get to  Savannah through plane crashes, fires, and hurricanes.  If you liked  &quot;Planes, Trains, and Automobiles&quot;, then you'll like this  story.<br />They really stuck with the title through out the movie -  &quot;Forces of Nature&quot;.  When you watch it the second time look for  these forces and note the wonderful camera angles and cinematography during  the weather scenes.  Also note that weather is not the only force out  there.  The scenes weren't dark it was a filter.  The director wanted you  to see it through this sorta blue filter and I don't think it would have  worked as well without it.<br />Just buy it, ok?  It's so wonderful and  uplifting and... you have to watch all of it!
B000001FMX|1.0|This is a great album.  I enjoy it a lot.  Punk owes these guys.  Even  Johnny Lydon acknowledged that when he blew a kiss to New York on his  landmark album.  The songs are punchy and reckless.  I get the impression  that it is all going to fall apart before the cd is finished. Todd Rundgren  produces.  Why only 1 Star?  I don't think the Dolls would want even one  star from me.  ;-)  If you are interested in the nascent punk rock scene of  New York of the early seventies, or if you enjoy adventure and risk in your  rock 'n roll, this cd will be interesting to you.
B00004THAY|5.0|I love to listen to blues, performed by the masters of this art such as  Muddy Waters, BB King, and Eric Clapton; I must say this is one of the  finest albums I have ever purchased.  When I heard the first few licks of  the first track, I knew it was going to be great.  Two of the greatest  blues masters of all time combine to produce a world class album.  The  artists do not clash at all, but weave each other's strengths into a  fantastic album.  This CD is a definite must have.
B000002KHH|4.0|This CD kicks you know what!!! If you love metal, real metal, the way it  is meant to be played, YOU WANT THIS CD... Now !!! Just check out these  Metal Classics: War Pigs- Metal Metal Metal . Listen to OZZY rap out his  words while Tony Iommi makes his guitar sing.  Paranoid- Head Banging  Rock-N-Roll! No crying eyes here, just solid Rock-N-Roll. And to think that  this song was originally just meant to be  filler to complete the album,  now it's a classic.  Planet Caravan- Head music. Slow ,soothing, marvelous.            Iron Man- A heavy metal work of art ! Probably one of the  greatest  metal songs ever written.  Electric Funeral- Wild Exotic Metal.  Rat Salad- A cool song with a superb solo by Bill Ward. I own a copy of  this music and recommend it to anyone who loves OZZY or who really gets  into Metal.
6305075352|4.0|I was only 16 when I saw this movie as part of a history class.  We were studying the Civil Rights movement.  To have such a moving, powerful drama  to depict what times were like was very helpfull.  Sure, Parker never made  the movie to be a documentary and it isn't.  It gives an idea of the  feeling around Mississippi and is worth the watch.
B000000W5B|5.0|It's not a well known album, and I gather that some don't think it lives  up to the Stones, but personally, it's one of my favorites.  &quot;Can You  Hear the Music&quot; is one of the greatest on the albums, start to finish.   All the songs are a little off the beaten track, and I find myself playing  it all the time, when I don't feel like listening to what you'd hear if you  turned on any given classic rock station.  It's one of the few albums I  have where I really love every single song.  Highly recommended
B00004THAY|3.0|I fully understand that record companies exist to sell records and that  artists have the need to perform, but these type of albums that have  recently proliferated always dissapoint in my view. Even while selling  well, they inevitably do not represent good work by either artist. These  albums are always missing that &quot;something&quot; that makes that artist  unique and special--musicality, soul, connection with the listener.  <br />Further,if there are any kings on board the vehicle appearing on the  cover of the recording--then he is certainly driving. While a fan of both  men--to compare BBKing to Eric Clapton in any musical way is a total  absurdity. Save your money for the &quot;real&quot; stuff which each of  these giants routinely deliver.
076783819X|4.0|This is one chilling movie. It begins with the opening sequence, when we see a little boy dazed in the street, his hand bloody, and Prof. Michael  Farraday (Jeff Bridges) comes to his aid. The boy is the son of Oliver and  Cheryl Lang (Tim Robbins and Joan Cusack), a nice, suburban couple. But  things start to change. Behind the faade of suburbia, Farraday, already  paranoid as a terrorism expert and as the widower of an FBI agent murdered  in a Waco-style raid, starts to suspect that the Langs are quite different  that he expected. From there, the story twists and turns towards one  disturbing conclusion.<br />Arlington Road not only has a bizarre and twisting  story, but has a unique visual look as well, thanks to director Mark  Pellington. In fact, the film at times looks similar the the music video  for Pearl Jam's song `Jeremy', which Pellington also directed. Bridges,  perhaps the most underrated actor there is, is terrific and has a similar  role in many ways to 1994's Blown Away. Robbins is an actor who is so  versatile, that he can play both the innocent simpleton (The Hudsucker  Proxy) or a conniving senatorial candidate (Bob Roberts), here displays a  few new sides to his personality. Joan Cusack is also excellent in perhaps  what is even a creepier role. This one will stay with you after the lights  come up.
B00004TL21|3.0|I bought this cd without knowing the band, simply by hearing 'change' so I  didn't really know what kind of band they were. I'm addicted to Digital  Bath, Teenager, Knife Party, and Change. I have yet to listen to the rest  of the album properly, some of the rap type songs put me off at first  because I'm a rock/alternative type who's not into heavy rock-rap.  Overall  this is a good cd.
6304698682|4.0|Pale Rider may not be follow the most original storyline in history, but it makes for a darn good story anyway, and is one of my favorite westerns.<br />Clint plays a the answer to a young girls prayers, a character only known as &quot;Preacher&quot; who mysteriously comes to town to help out a group of miners. These miners are being harassed by the local &quot;rich guy&quot; who wants to mine their land. Seems like most westerns seem to have that one &quot;rich guy&quot; who owns almost everything in the town. He can't own everything of course, or the good guys wouldn't be able to get supplies. <br />The performances are good, and Clint certainly knows how to direct a movie. My only complaint was with how dark the movie was. It seems that it was done on purpose to create a certain sense of ambiance. I just found it annoying, and any movie that causes me to adjust my TV's settings is gonna lose a star. Otherwise as a big Clint fan this one would have gotten 5 stars. - John
B0000029DD|5.0|I'm lost for words because this cd is so good. I can't really describe  what it's like for me listening to it, it just reels you in and holds onto  you. Jeff has a simple incredible voice and is musically incredibly  talented. I highly highly highly recommend this cd, it's heavily played in  my house.
0780020685|5.0|I became curious about this movie after reading the credits to the Magnificent Seven and seeing it was used as the basis for that movie.<br />I  watched the movie and before I knew it, it was over.  There are few movies  over two hours that move with the pacing and excitement of this one.   Typically, if a movie is over two hours I will not view it again. The Seven  Samurai is an exception to that &quot;rule.&quot;<br />I consider this movie  to &quot;have it all.&quot;  Action, Drama, Human interest, and an amazing  cast.  Watch this movie, you will love it.
0451169514|5.0|This story simply grabs you and refuses to let go.  You laugh, cry, rejoice, and mourn.  You will not want to finish it.  I didn't!  <br />What  makes this book a true masterpiece is King's characterization.  These  characters are more real, honest, and genuine then any other character I  have read.  When you meet Bill, Ben, Beverly, Richie, Mike, Eddie, and  Stan, you cannot help but feel like they are old friends and you are  spending time with them after a long absence.  Even the bad guys are  genuine.  You cannot help but feel like your running from Henry Bowers and  his gang, just like the Loser's Club.  <br />The character make this novel  truly interesting and enjoyable.  King has always had a gift for writing  believable character; he is at the top of his form with &quot;It&quot;.
B00000I8UJ|5.0|During the first half of the the sixties, Dexter Gordon cut half-a-dozen  classic LP's for Blue Note, of which Go! is probably the most essential and  also happened to be Gordon's personal favorite (the man had taste).  Having  the superb pianist Sonny Clark and equally adept drummer Billy Higgins  aboard certainly helped; along with bassist Butch Warren, this quartet  clicked in a major way.  Every note has that feeling of ineffable  rightness; Gordon's unmistakeable foghorn tone never sounded so majestic  and swinging.  Gordon's tenor could take a fast tune and tease it, prod it,  tug at it, and finally twirl it in the air like a baton; or it could  insinuate itself into a ballad with a caress like velvet-covered steel.   The musical quotes that punctuate his solos (such as a bit of &quot;Take me  Out To the Ballgame&quot; in the last track) manage to sound funny and  apposite and musically inevitable.  Don't ask me how he does it.  All of  the albums that Gordon recorded for Blue Note are well worth your time and  money, but if you get only one, get this.  The RVG remaster makes it sound  better than ever, too.
B00000HZTB|5.0|&quot;The Blue Mask&quot; is often hailed by critics and fans alike as one  of Lou Reed's greatest achievements, and it is deserving of the  considerable praise. The disc contains some of Reed's most brutally honest  writing in a concise set of songs exploring all aspects of human frailty -  good, bad and ugly.<br />&quot;My House&quot;, &quot;Women&quot; and  &quot;Heavenly Arms&quot; are inspiring  tributes: the former to Reed's  mentor Delmore Schwartz; the latter to Reed's then-wife, Sylvia Morales.  &quot;Underneath the Bottle&quot; details the struggles of addiction.  &quot;The Gun&quot;, &quot;Waves of Fear&quot; and the title cut are easily  three of the most harrowing, unforgiving songs Reed has ever penned.<br />The  real bounty, however, has to be the sheer beauty of the musicianship. Reed  is once again playing guitar, having been inspired and goaded by ex-Voidoid  Robert Quine, whose work here is among the best of his influential career.  Quine's guitar - at turns shimmering, droning and apocalyptic - creates  sublime moods and textural frameworks that serve the songs perfectly; Reed  has not been fortunate to work with such a sympathetic musician  since.<br />The quartet of musicians (filled out by Fernando Saunders on bass  and drummer Doane Perry) respond to each other with the intimacy of a  seasoned jazz combo. This is a real musician's album: dynamics are  carefully observed, the space between the notes is respected, and all  elements coalesce into a perfect whole.
6305090564|4.0|HIIYAA! This movie is made for us who like non-stop action. Thers a simple but smart storyline and great visual and sound effects. Not recommended to  people who cant stand blood and gore. It is not a horror movie but theres  alot of bodyshots and other gory scenes.  In other words - Full speed  ahead...  Replay value:  High
B000000T01|5.0|This is one of the best documentaries of rock and roll- ever!  I enjoyed the interviews (John claims now he's got money and too old to enjoy it;  Pete warns people not to come to close to him while performing or he'll  &quot;probably kill you&quot;, and Keith chats with Ringo Starr).  I  enjoyed the videos (Happy Jack and the obscure Cobwebs and Strange- the  latter featuring a killer drum solo by Moon the Loon, of course).  I agree  I was disturbed by them only including part of &quot;A Quick One&quot;  (they also cut out an eyepatched Keith Richards' introduction).  Then of  course, the highlight is the performances- &quot;My Generation&quot;,  &quot;See Me Feel Me&quot; (Woodstock), &quot;Anyway, Anyhow,  Anywhere&quot;, working in the studio on &quot;Who Are You&quot;, and  Keith's final performance with the Who ever- &quot;Won't Get Fooled  Again&quot; closes the show.  So long, Keith, we miss you.
B00004TH83|5.0|I have been following Lara Fabian's songs since I discovered her in her  album &quot;Pure&quot;.  She truly has a voice and a style of her own  although people have compared her to the excellent singer, Celine Dion.  Lara is definitely a winner! Her album Live has an excellent choice of  songs and I don't think anyone could sing &quot;Malade&quot; the way she  does. Her performance in &quot;Malade&quot; and &quot;Perder l'amore&quot;  are superb. I read in a French magazine that she will alternate albums  every year, one in English, one in French.  Unfortunately I missed her  concert at the Arena in Geneva on August 5, 2000.  Is it possible to get  this CD for me?
B000009CEM|5.0|are you fed up with alternaivetive? fear factory cranks up its guitar and  bass and drums and renders it obsolete. METAL RULES!!!!!!alternaivetive  should just go away. it's like kurt  cobain of nirvana: dead and buried.  actually it should be!!!!
B00003XACV|5.0|This CD, although short, is a real keeper.  When you first put it on, it  will recall all the wonderful parts of its namesake movie, but upon further  listenings, the layers fall away and the true beauty of the music takes on  its own life.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I listen to this every day.  Her songs are have a great beat and she has a  gorgeous voice.  When listening to this i find myself in a completly  relaxed mode because her music is so beautiful and soothing.
B00003W8NM|5.0|In a way, \\"Fight Club\\" is the rough, often brutal, and intensely masculine counter part to \\"American Beauty\\".  Both films examine contemporary, American, middle class society and both argue that its raison d'tre is  predicated on a false set of values. In \\"American Beauty\\" many of the  characters mire themselves in worthless distractions and intense denial in  order to achieve happiness within the limitations of middle class society.  \\"Fight Club\\" asks why we should work at jobs we hate to buy stuff that we  don't need and then offers a defiant answer. We shouldn't. Instead, we  should define our self-interest in terms of our collective primal  requirements.<br />For men, this boils down to violence, competition, and  proving themselves physically. The violence, however repugnant it may seem,  takes place in an intensely ritualized format that offers something to all  of its participants. Anyone who thinks that this is hokey and unrealistic  should go to a boxing gym or martial arts training hall. Most of the  participants in such places are not psychotic Neanderthals, but sensitive,  well-behaved yuppies of both genders. Many of the fight scenes in \\"Fight  Club\\" reminded me of these places not because of the violence but because  of the competition and camaraderie one finds there.<br />\\"Fight Club\\" argues that people have reached  the apogee of this trade off-that they have given up too much freedom to  obtain a diluted and highly regulated form of happiness. The logical  conclusion of  \\"Fight Club\\" is that people will only be able to lead an  honest and fulfilling life when the instruments of late mature capitalism  are destroyed. Thus the film ends with the bloodied, wounded protagonist  and his girl friend watching the destruction of leading banks and credit  card companies and the dawn of a new era.<br />Understandably, some people  object to the overly masculine nature of the film and its apparent  exclusion of women. My own understanding is that the film focuses on men's  response to contemporary society but is not meant to deny the role of women  in any fashion. It has received accolades from a leading feminist, Susan  Faludi (author of \\"Back Lash\\") which hopefully confirms this point. If  violence bothers you then definitely do not watch this film. But violence  aside, it is a film of ideas that addresses what society offers us today  and how we can respond to it.focuses on men's  response to contemporary society but is not meant to deny the role of women  in any fashion. It has received accolades from a leading feminist, Susan  Faludi (author of \\"Back Lash\\") which hopefully confirms this point. If  violence bothers you then definitely do not watch this film. But violence  aside, it is a film of ideas that addresses what society offers us today  and how we can respond to it.
0671042858|4.0|I agree with some of the earlier comments that the plot is simple &amp;  the entire phenomena can just be attributable to a kid's creative  imagination combined with the pressure of being alone &amp; lost in the  woods.  Afterall, who would not be driven insane if you're starved, scared,  alone in a god-forseaken place.  But you have to hand it to SK who was able  to twirl the story &amp; took the readers along for a walk into the  woods...seeing what Trisha was seeing, hearing what she's hearing, feeling  what she's feeling. Also, I noticed that despite the usual SK trademark of  supernaturals (ghosts, apparitions, etc.), he seemed to point out that  there is only one True God --- whether it be in the woods or not, late  innings or not, baseball fan or no baseball fan --- if you truly believe  &amp; pray in Him, YOU'LL BE SAVED!
0446310786|5.0|Not to like this book.  Harper Lee's semi autobiographical Pulitzer Prize winner is a superb account of bigotry and injustice set in 1930's Alabama  as viewed through the eyes of children.<br />The hero of this moral fable is  lawyer Atticus Finch, who sets the small town of Maycomb ablaze with  controversy when he agrees to defend Tom Robinson, a crippled Negro who is  accused of raping a white woman.<br />But this isn't just a story about Tom  Robinson.  It's also a coming of age story, a story which blatantly  illustrates the fact that we learn something new every day, and that we  must never judge situations or people by appearances.  Tom Robinson, a  simple, hardworking Negro, is judged by the colour of his skin, and by the  oft held assumption that ALL Negroes lie, that ALL Negroes are evil and  dangerous, that no white woman is safe around a Negro male.  And Boo  Radley, the subject of decades long gossip and innuendo, is judged by the  children - Jem and Scout Finch and Dill Harris - as being a bogeyman, a  malevolent being who has dedicated his life to the pursuit of evil.  Yet,  unbeknown to them, he is their secret benefactor, and someday he shall  literally save their lives.<br />Disappointingly, this is Harper Lee's only  novel.  But then, any follow up to this superlative effort would surely  have been inferior.  It's hard to believe that Lee was an adult when she  wrote this - her ability to describe the world and its idiosyncracies as  seen through the unjaded, uncynical perspective of a child is one of the  most memorable and enduring pieces of literature ever penned, provoking  thoughts in the reader like &quot;What is truth?&quot; and &quot;What is  just and right?&quot;
0671034065|4.0|The only reason I haven't given &quot;Mr. Perfect&quot; five stars is because I felt something lacking in the character development.  Not only  was the lacking apparent to me between the two main characters, but the  secondary characters didn't seem to be as fleshed out as they could have  been.  Also, it was really hard for me to believe that right after Sam and  Jaine hop into bed, Sam asks her to marry him.  The sexual tension between  them was great at the beginning, but this particular angle kind of threw in  a wet towel for me tension-wise.  I found it too hard to believe.  Even  Jaine comments that she can't believe things are moving so fast.   <br />However, the humor in the story had me giggling out loud on several  occasions.  Jaine has a sharp tongue and a quick wit and she says what she  thinks.  She is a strong heroine, and it shows.  I like the heroines to be  strong women, not some meak little weakling cowering in the corner.  Her  sharp tongue does fit nicely with Sam and some of their exchanges are  pretty dang funny.  This seems to be something new for Linda Howard, as I  don't remember her other contemporary suspense novels being as humorous as  this one.  I like the humor - I think it works.  And, Jaine likes big, red  trucks.  When she mentioned the truck thing, I couldn't help grinning from  ear to ear, me being a Chevy truck drivin' kind of girl.<br />The suspense was  great and this was a great page-turner.  I liked the premise of the story  and found the characters for the most part to be believable.  I truly did  enjoy this novel.  I just wanted Sam and Jaine's relationship to be worked  out a bit more - it just wasn't believable to me.  I liked where Linda  Howard was going with her characters, I just feel she could have spent a  little bit more time working out their relationships.
0783241542|4.0|This movie is funny as hell. Dont miss this hilarious laugh riot.
B00004U9MS|5.0|Okay, I've read these previous reviews and I still do not know why  Coldplay seems to be getting somewhat blasted for being compared to other  great bands (Radiohead, Travis etc). Yes, if you listen to this album you  do hear slight similarities in style and musical arrangement but this  doesn't take away from their own credibility or the overall enjoyment of  this CD.  Infact, I would consider it to be that much more of a reason to  check them out...that's how I did. I mean after all, 99% of bands that are  deemed as &quot;originators&quot; get THEIR influence from the Beatles  and/or Bob Dylan...So let's give 'em a rest. It's a great CD and if they  came out with another album, I'll be sure to pick it up.
0790735431|5.0|Memphis Belle is a good, entertaining film.  Perfect for a rainy Saturday afternoon, or just about any ol' time.  Phooey on those who pick it apart for factual inaccuracies !  ... . It's just a movie - enjoy  it!  If you want real life - take flying lessons and fly your own  missions.<br />So get yer popcorn and soda and settle in for a nice ride.
0425170349|4.0|As mentioned by others, this book does not have the most original of  plots.  In fact, I would submit that this is the least original of all of  Clancy's work thus far.  The Rainbow troopers are reminiscent of those in  Clear and Present Danger, and the Ebola epidemic was in the last  book!<br />But it doesn't matter.  This is a highly entertaining book, and  it's easy to cheer for the good guys and boo the bad guys.  The action is  well written, and the pace continues through the whole book.  We have nifty  gizmos, a good body count, and all those other thing we've come to expect  from Tom Clancy.<br />As a scientist, there were a few minor points to which I  took exception in his scientific explanations, but then the military is  Clancy's strong point, so I don't hold these minor quibbles against him.   So, I heartily recommend it.
0425170349|5.0|Clancy brings us to the edge of our seats again. With this thrilling novel  he shows us our worst fears and our best line of defense to combat those  fears. Another great one from one of the best all time authors.
0783241542|4.0|This movie is funny as hell. Dont miss this hilarious laugh riot.
B0000020C4|5.0|There is no other way to describe this recording!   I loved it!  It did however, leave a couple things to be desired. One was Lea Salong.  Yes, she  does have a beautiful voice, but it seemed a bit out of place.  Nearly  everyone else had at least a tinge of British in their voice.  Then comes  along Lea, with her ultra american voice.  She does have an excelent voice,  but it seems better fitted for Fantine, or Cosette.  She could also do a  good Eponine, just not in the &quot;Dream Cast&quot;.  I believe  Frances  Ruffelle could have done a better job.  Judy Kuhn was perfect,(as always)  for Cosette! Ruthie Henshall was a great Fantine.  As for Colm Wilkinson he  might as well just change his name to Jean Valjen, being that he was born  for the part.  Phillip Quast was a convinceing Javert, although there have  been better (Stephan Bishop).  Michael Ball is a wonderfull Marius, same  for Michael Maguire as Enjolras.  Alun Armstrong was not the best  Thenardier by a long shot. Try  Leo Burmester he has a gruffer voice, which  I believe is a good quality as Thenardier.  Jenny Galloway was hillarious  as Madame Thenardier. I didn't like Adam Searles as Gavroche he sounded a  bit to old to play the part.  One Day More! gave me goose bumps!   All in  all this is the best recording I've heard yet.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I haven't seen &quot;The Ultimate DVD Edition&quot; yet, but when it's a movie like &quot;Terminator 2&quot;, who needs to see it to know just how  unbelievable excellent it's going to be? I'll be buying it tomorrow without  even thinking two ways about it. I bought the &quot;Special Edition&quot;  on VHS almost three years ago, and the original DVD version almost two  years ago. Finally, two and two have been put together. Ever since I saw  both, I knew I wanted more; I wanted the &quot;Special Edition&quot; on  DVD, and with a name like &quot;The Ultimate DVD Edition&quot;, I know it's  going to be exactly (if not more than) what I want.
B00001NFCY|5.0|When I first listened to(and loved)Creed, I had no idea that they also  professed a really positive and uplifting message!! Music I love and a  message I am never embarassed to have others overhear!! &quot;Human  Clay&quot; may bring you to tears.  Let it take you &quot;Higher&quot;.
0671045857|5.0|With over 500 reviews already, is there anything left to say?  You bet!  This is not just an outstanding novel of suspense (what did you expect from  King?), but an outstanding contribution to the sizeable body of baseball  fiction.<br />Tom Gordon was the Red Sox closer.  The closer is the man who  comes on with the game on the line.  The game is a metaphor for life,  right?  Two outs, bottom of the ninth, down two, two runners on . . do the  Sox live or die today?  Does little Trisha? It's up to Tom Gordon.<br />In  the hands of a lesser writer, this equation might have been obvious and  labored.  King's solution to the equation is unexpected and dramatic, even  magical.<br />When the ball went through Buckner's legs, I ran from my  parents' den, went down the hall, and literally collapsed on the living  room  floor.  And when my favorite player Trot Nixon recently beat Roger  Clemens with a dramatic home run, I screamed and jumped up and down for ten  or fifteen seconds.  After reading THE GIRL WHO LOVED TOM GORDON, I  understand better why we baseball fans care so much.  And in the climax of  this novel, those intense feelings are perfectly intermingled with our  fondness for its young protagonist.  Very powerful and very moving.
B00003CXDF|4.0|I liked this film for what it was - an action flick, a fairly good action flick. Think Face/Off meets James Bond meets Kung fu, which reduces  originality. Still, I liked the film. It had the two things which make for  a good action movie - a great hero, and an awesome villian. What more can  you want? Cruise's fast attraction for Newton is a bit unbelievable but we  will forgive that. Cruise reminds me of Jan Michael Vincent in his Airwolf  series. Scott as the villian was excellent. There were wonderful action  scenes including the motorcyle chase which was a refreshing departure from  the usual car/boat/plane chases. Any movie fan would be glad that Woo has  shown The West what can be done with a motorcycle in the hands of  professionals. There were some obvious overdone scenes and the sound track  was also a bit heavy on the theatrical side. Otherwise, happy are we who  love good action. As for Ving Rhames' character, when will hollywood stop  protraying african americans as people who are most concerned about how  good they look, and who spend alot of time bragging about Versace.? Watch  the film, it is exciting.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I, like many, discovered Sarah through Phantom.  After she left the show,  I followed her solo efforts.  From &quot;Dive&quot; on, she has made some  very interesting choices during her solo career.  Every one knows of her  breakthrough smash, &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot; with Andrea Bocelli.   The album with the same name was also very special for Sarah fans.  We  finally heard her go back to the heights of her voice that so wooed us in  Phantom.  As good as &quot;Time&quot; is however, &quot;Eden&quot; is  better.  If you are looking for an album that truly showcases Sarah and her  magnificant instrument, that clear soprano, buy  &quot;Eden&quot;.<br />&quot;Eden&quot; is a journey into a wonderous world of  beautiful music.  Frank Patterson, her producer, understand how to blend  Sarah unique styles into a collage of beauty.  From the very beginning of  the cd, Sarah begins to draw you into her world.  Her &quot;Eden&quot;.  From the covers of some popular artist, Hooverphonic and Kansas, to the use  of opera in Puccini, Sarah shows you why she is one of the finest sopranos  in music today.  My personal favorites on the cd are &quot;Lascia Ch'lo  Pianga&quot; and &quot;Deliver Me.&quot;  Also, she gives great &quot;girl  power&quot; to &quot;Nessun Dorma&quot; a song made for tenors. The only  curious selection on the cd is her rendition of &quot;My Heart Will Go  On&quot; in italian.  However, that is the only weak point on the entire  album.  The duet with Richard Marx is another very fine high point, added  only to the US version of the cd.<br />If you are just starting out with  Brightman, buy this cd first.  It is a better feel of her.  She shows you  more of her &quot;pop&quot; side, but that side of her in no way takes away  from her operatic appeal.  &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot; should be  included in your purchase of Sarah, but if you are going one at a time, get  this one first.
B000006CCG|4.0|The first WASP album and, in my books, the only really good one. Blackie's  songwriting abilities aren't that great, many WASP-songs sound like each  other, but this first album is full of classic hard rock blasts. Mr.Lawless  has one of the most distinctive voices in music and it suits WASP's music  perfectly. My personal favourites are &quot;Tormentor&quot; and &quot;The  torture never stops&quot;. Believe me, the songs are even better than their  titles! &quot;B.A.D.&quot; is another classic, a memorable sing-along  anthem. &quot;Hellion&quot; rocks as well. Highly, strongly, satanically  recommended!!!!
B000002NJS|5.0|Ray Of Light is by far Madonna's most personal album both lyrically and vocally. Madonna continues to reinvent herself, and continues to make great  music. This album is her best by far. Thank you Madonna from diverging our  attention from the boybands and wanna be teen divas and focusing our  attention on your Ray Of Light. Many of these songs reflect how much  Madonna has changed throughout the past few years. She truly shows how much  she loves Motherhood, Spirituality, and finding oneself. Madonna shows us  that she has matured and continues to make great music. This proves that  Madonna's Music will continus to affect generations to come. Some of my  personal favorites include: Ray of Light (the ultimate dance song), Nothing  Really Matters (the japanese-geisha influenced dance track), Skin (the  amazing beats), Candy Perfume Girl (the ultimate feel good pop song ),  Frozen (The amazing song which encompases Madonna's raw talent), Power of  Goodbye (the sweeping ballad) and a personal favorite To Have and Not to  Hold (The ultimate sad Love Song on the entire album.)Madonna paves the way  for many new artists to combine different sounds and beautiful lyrics to  create an amazing album. You Go Girl!
0446677450|5.0|WHILE WATCHING OPRAH ONE DAY I SAW ROBERT KIYOSAKI PROMOTING HIS BOOK (LIKE THE BOOK NEEDED ANY MORE PRESS) AND IMMEDIATELY I DECIDED TO ORDER IT  FROM AMAZON. I FINISHED THE BOOK IN VIRTUALLY NO TIME AT ALL AND FELT I  ALREADY HAD A BETTER GRASP ON THE MONETARY FUTURE OF MY LIFE. AS I READ  THIS BOOK I BEGAN TO BETTER UNDERSTAND WHAT MR. KIYOSAKI MEANT BY WHAT AN  ASSET WAS AND WHAT A LIABILITY IS. ALTHOUGH I DON'T HAVE THE MONETARIAL  FOUNDATION OR THE EDUCATION AS OF YET I DO NOW UNDERSTAND WHAT THE RAT RACE  IS AND HOW TO STAY OUT OF IT.
6300183971|1.0|Dune, people said, was unfilmable.  Alexandro Jodorowsky (El Topo, the Holy Mountain) and Ridley Scott (Alien, Blade Runner) both tried, but  failed, to make the movie, unable to raise the massive budgets needed.   David Lynch succeeded.  Unfortunately.<br />Lynch's Dune is bedecked with  problems.  It becomes overwhelmed by the sheer volume of information and  the size of the narrative, and Lynch's attempts to overcome these obstacles  are disastrous.  He chooses to do FAR too much exposition and character  thought &quot;out loud,&quot; and the movie feels like a checklist of  important plot events from the novel.  Lynch fails to characterize anyone  but Paul, mistakes Paul for a great hero (instead of a great leader), and  apparently kills all the sandworms.  (Water, especially in the massive  rainfall at the ending, would do that.)  The love story with Chani and  Paul, for instance, is botched into a typical Hollywood auto-love, and  characters like Duncan Idaho and Liet Kynes are introduced, seemingly, just  to put in an appearance.  Paul, and only Paul, is a fairly well-rounded  character here.<br />Read the book.  This movie's not worth your time.
6304366078|5.0|The action is terrific. A must buy for all racing aficianados.  Some may feel that the plot is rather thin, but I feel that it depicts life  off-track as it really is----just as hum-drum as the rest of ours. That  adds a nice balance to the craziness on the racing circuits.  The racing  machines themselves are a work of art, unique and with a character all  their own.  I feel that the world of Formula 1 racing had it's Golden Age  in the 1960's, and has gone downhill since then. The drivers were very  distinguishable from one another, sportsmen and gentlemen in the true  sense.  This film captures all of the flavor of that bygone era.
0618084746|4.0|One would expect a woman of 23 years not to have had enough experience to  already know the pains and joys of life so well.  Carson Mccullers allows  you to feel her characters joy, bordem, anger and sorrow so deeply, that  you almost forget they are not real people.  The meat of this story is not  the plot, but the storm of human emotions pouring out of her characters.   We as readers identify with the knowledge that life is hard, and hope and  laughter are what help us to continue living.
B000020617|5.0|This is a great album for you if you liked the foo fighters old stuff,  though none of the songs are quite like &quot;Big Me&quot;, or  &quot;Monkeywrench&quot; this is still a great effort,  &quot;Breakout&quot;, &quot;Learn to Fly&quot;, &quot;Generator&quot;,  &quot;Live In Skin&quot; and their new single &quot;Next Year&quot; are the  best songs on the album and i think Dave Grohl has a great voice so i would  recommend this album to every1 i know..........
B0000019PA|5.0|I read all 106 reviews AFTER I bought the album. i might be obsessed. But  I don't think that i'm the only one.
B00000253N|5.0|This is a work of art of inexplicable power and beauty.  To compare it to  other rock albums is absurd.  I've read masterpieces by Dostoevsky and  Shakespeare, stared at paintings by Monet and Van Gogh, but no other work  of art has ever touched me so deeply and so consistently as Blood on the  Tracks.  Words are not sufficient to describe the impact of this album.   Just try this:  on a quiet, rainy night turn the lights down low, pour  yourself a good cabernet, and put Blood on the Tracks on the stereo.  You  will never be the same again.
0618084746|4.0|One would expect a woman of 23 years not to have had enough experience to  already know the pains and joys of life so well.  Carson Mccullers allows  you to feel her characters joy, bordem, anger and sorrow so deeply, that  you almost forget they are not real people.  The meat of this story is not  the plot, but the storm of human emotions pouring out of her characters.   We as readers identify with the knowledge that life is hard, and hope and  laughter are what help us to continue living.
B00000JZC4|5.0|&quot;hey man, nice shot&quot; was ok but this is the true side of Filter, i luv all of their music, and &quot;Enter the Fold&quot; is a great song,  but my favorite songs are &quot;Take a Picture&quot; a great ballad,  &quot;the best things&quot; also on the crow salvation, and &quot;I will  lead you.&quot; i luved this album for many reasons, Richard Patrick's  voice, the riffs, beats, and feel of the music as it runs from one ear to  another, i can listen to this album over and over, sure it only has 11  songs but almost every song is longer then 5 minutes!  thats alot of  material!
0783221487|4.0|The first time I saw this movie I was moderately impressed; but there was something underneath that moved me to watch it a second time.  It was only  then that it began to make sense.  So I read the book, and watched the  movie a third time and realized that the movie is something like an outline  of the book.<br />So in that context this movie provides those who are  devouted fans of the DUNE universe with an incredible mental picture.<br />SO  if you are unwilling to read the greatest literary achievment of this  century, this movie will be forever confounding.  But to those like me who  went through the DUNE series (all 6)like a freight train, then the most  disapointing thing in this movie is that they never finished the rest of  the series.<br />So if you don't like to read never watch this movie because  you will be scared for life.  Don't get me wrong this movie is excellent  for DUNE fanatics... ... but only a Gom Jabbar for the  uniniated! <br />p.s.- what on earth was that deal with the 'voice'; voice  is supposed to be sudtle not sound like you have a tennis ball stuck in  your throat.
B00004THAY|2.0|camp. This CD is like a bloated corporate blues primer for AOLers. Weak,  weak and weak. An embarrassment to both legendary blues stars.<br />I sold it  within one listen!
B00001NFCY|4.0|this is a great fallback from My Own Prison by Creed, though  &quot;Higher&quot; is getting a little annoying on the local radio stations  it still a great song, along with &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;,  &quot;Wrong Way&quot;, &quot;What If&quot;, &quot;Beautiful&quot;,  &quot;Say I&quot;, and &quot;Inside Us All&quot; also on this album....  Mark Tremonti is one of if not the best Guitarist in rock today, so that is  one of the reasons i like this album so much.... i cant wait for their  forthcoming album that has previously recorded unreleased tracks aboard....
630528069X|5.0|This film is the perfect action film. It combines pure action and plot to make it great. Bruce Willis is perfect for the part of John McClaine. He  takes us on an action filled ride that we will never forget. So are you  read to take this ride? If so buy DIE HARD for the excellent plot,cast, and  the best action around!
B00000J7S8|5.0|I could start a dissitation on the merits of the performance each song,  the undoubted and remarkable skill of Ms Krall and the other musicians on  this CD . . .<br />But I wont . . .<br />I don't need to . . .<br />Simply . . .  enjoy
B00001NFCY|5.0|I bought this CD in May because of the song Higher. When I started  listening to other songs I found the whole CD was awesome. This CD alone  has four songs on the radio- Are You Ready?, What If?, With Arms Wide Open,  and Higher. Even my Mom likes this CD. If you don't already have it, go get  it!
B000002ADT|5.0|This was a favourite of mine back in the '60s - you know - when vinyl was  king, but with the loss of my record collection for that period I thought I  would never hear this again... and the remastering, far from getting in the  way of the original, enhances it, enriches it, Wonderful.<br />All I can say  is, buy it, get it, play it, again and again . . . etc (Got the  message?)<br />You are in for a REAL treat!
0684843749|4.0|When I first got this book (shortly after it was published) I was a bit skeptical because it seemed to go against a lot of what I had been reading.   Now that I've had it for a while I really believe it is a fantastic  reference guide and one of the most complete bodybuilding books around.  It  covers virtually every exercise you can think of in great detail -- how to  perform the exercise, which part of the muscle is used, etc.  Beyond this  it contains a wealth of information about designing training programs for  different body types and skill levels and how to prepare to be a  competitive bodybuilder.<br />I still question some of the training schedules  (lifting 6 days per week really seems like a lot to me), but it is worth  the money just as an exercise reference -- even if you aren't interesting  in competitive bodybuilding.  Whenever I am changing my training program or  looking to verify my form I consult this book.
B00003CX95|5.0|If you are the type who enjoys historical movies, great acting, (and you like to cry), then this is the movie for you. When the movie released in  the theatre, I wasn't exactly sure what the movie was about. 1/2 hour after  the credits had rolled, I was still crying - in the theatre - in the dark.  I am anxiously awaiting delivery of the DVD as the 2 copies that I have on  tape are just about worn out. Yes, there are some historical innaccuracies,  but what few there are aren't worth getting hung up about. The general  history remains in tact. I have a collection of over 500 movies on tape and  DVD. This movie, by far, is the best of my collection!
0486274268|5.0|Excellent guide for sketching animals....great attention to the ever  popular art subject...the horse. PLUS!....some outstanding techniques for  the big cats !
006097625X|5.0|...that we all know: comics are for geeks, nerds and spazzes; for eighth-grade boys until they're elevated to high school, at which point comics aren't \\"cool\\" anymore; for freaks with power fantasies and pathetic realities. And no wonder -- many of the comics us Americans have been exposed to are brightly colored travesties. For that, you can thank DC and Marvel, Archie and Disney, and your Sunday newspaper.<br />In \\"Understanding Comics,\\" Scott McCloud shows that people with an adverse reaction to comics (\\"Eew! Comics! Creepy!\\") are often \\"shooting the messenger for the message.\\" That is, they're instantly dismissing comics without actually seeing what a comic can DO. Just as there are those memorable moments and beautiful scenes that only a painting, movie or poem can pull off in a way unique to their mediums, so too with comics.<br />Nearly every medium of artistic expression -- literature, fine art, television and film, dance and more -- has academics and critics to laud, deplore, and explore the deeper meanings of their content. Except comics. <br />Until now. This book is a start, and is your primer. Get it.
B000006OBQ|4.0|Having owned the original pressing of this Landmark collaboration, I can  only marvel at the improvement of this newly re-mastered CD. It's quite  apparent that Sinatra wasn't in the best voice during this performance. In  fact I remember a DownBeat review at the time of it's original release  which stated that &quot;Frank didn't possess the vocal equipment he once  had.&quot; However He and Basie still swing superbly. In fact I believe  that the recording of &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot;, is the best  he ever made. If you never saw him live, this gives you a taste of what it  was like! Don't miss this one!
B000002JS0|5.0|Yeah, yeah, yeah... Back in Black is supposed to be AC/DC's best album,  and it is... their best SELLING album. High Voltage catches the raw energy  and agression of a hungry group of rowdy kids chomping at the bit of  superstardom. While Back in Black is a definitive hard rock album, High  Voltage is better in terms of it's uniqueness, blues-influence, and  straight-ahead rock and roll sound. The sound of this album is utterly  one-of-a-kind... it effectively identifies the direction in which AC/DC  would be heading in years to come.   The real issue as to the significance  of High Voltage vs. Back in Black is Brian Johnson vs. Bon Scott... while  Brian is more fit for highly produced and well-written material, Bon Scott  is more fit for raw, trashy rock and roll that is simple as can be.<br />You  decide, but to say that Back in Black is better than High Voltage is to say  that AC/DC now is better than AC/DC then.
B00000J7JO|5.0|this cd is awesome every song sounds cool and has a good rythm especially  parallel universe which is one of the best on the cd. this is great all  around
0451191153|5.0|Firstly, it is not weakness to feel emotion; Roark is a passionate person.   His perfection, as the ideal man, comes not from his suppression of  emotion (he never suppresses an emotion), but from his lack of negative  emotion.<br />He feels no jealousy when Keating brags to him of his success.   He feels no disappointment when the architecture community mocks his  efforts.  It's best summed up as Roark stated to Toohey, when Toohey asks  what Roark thinks of him: &quot;I don't think of you&quot;.   Roark doesn't  need any outside confimation of his success, because he has not let anyone  else define his terms. The point of the whole book is that it is glorious  to be a passionate person, to live up to your potential.  This is possible.   But don't create your success on other's terms.  Don't define yourself by  other's standards.  Don't lift yourself up through other's failures.  Be  who you are, not what everyone expects you to be, and you have nothing to  fear. <br />I especially enjoyed the number of people who wrote how this book  inspired them in their youth, but as they grew older, they realized its  shortcomings.  <br />I agree, it is much easier to realize the book's  shortcomings as opposed to your own.
0962477060|5.0|I only regret I didn't run across this book a decade or two ago.<br />I  bought multiple scale books and they all boil down to the usual  &quot;dots-on-the-fretboard&quot; kind of thing, with the more adventurous  throwing in some greek names for erudition.<br />None ever said why or how  they fit together!!!<br />Finally Bill Edwards unlocked the mistery with his  books. I have only read Volume I so far, but I know I will re-read both  volumes over and over.<br />I can finally traverse the whole fingerboard  without going out of scale, which is what I wanted to do all along and  nobody could tell me. With Edwards' method I can visualize and understand  what I am doing, and project where I want to go.<br />Nobody ever did that for  me. Long live Bill Ewards!
B0000039PW|5.0|When Biggie was murdered in March 1997 we lost the greatest rapper of all  time. This album is by far the best CD I own, I havent stopped listening to  it since I bought it. It is the only CD I have or have listened to that I  like every single track of. It is too hard to name particular tracks to  recommend, but my favourite is 'Warning'.  Before I bought the CD I was  worried that 'Puffy' might leave too much a mark on it, but really he  doesnt. He never raps (Thank god), and is only featured in a couple of  tracks where he talks in the background.  If you are any sort of a Biggie  fan, you need to buy this CD, you havent heard the true extent of his  skills and lyrical genius until you have heard this. BUY IT NOW!
B00004TLMC|4.0|Eyes Wide Shut...  it's a conversation piece, i'll give it that, but most of the reviews i've read about it all have truth behind them.  it is  haunting.  it is daring.  it asks the dark questions we all face alone at  one point in our lives.  however, many people misunderstand what exactly  kubrick is trying to say about life in general.  <br />tom cruise plays  jealousy flawlessly.  nicole kidman plays the sex kitten nearly as flawless  as cruise's character.  but the true genious behind the film is the one we  didn't see.  no not kubrick, but ourselves.<br />all the misunderstandings  about this film, whether to say it's &quot;just another sex-plotation  film&quot; or a work of genious, is to say something of the truth about it.   the film is everything that everyone says about it.  and i feel that  misunderstanding &quot;Eyes&quot; is really understanding what kubrick was  trying to say about society.  the message is thought.  all kubrick wanted  those who saw this movie (or any of his movies) was to think about them and  how they relate to the individual and society as well.  bravo stanley,  you've done it again.
B000002O51|5.0|Nobody understands my obsession, but this is one amazing album. Just  listen to &quot;Cantcha Say&quot; and prepare to be moved. Layers of guitar  harmonies just take you to a new level. Forget about My Bloody Valentine,  forget Pet Sounds, and forget anything else you've ever heard before. This  album just can't be topped.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|i don't really care about her music it cool but jennifer lopez is real  fine if your jennifer lopez email me and2999@aol.com if your not jennifer  lopez then don't bother but if you are jennifer lopez email me please
0316743003|5.0|After hearing and reading about this book so much, I had to check it out  in person.<br />Ben Rich was the head of Lockheed's Skunk Works for over 15  years in the 70's and 80's. This is the story of the work he has done there  on some of the most advanced, original and... cool flying (and sometimes  floating) machines ever.<br />&quot;Skunk Works&quot; is a great book for  anyone interested in the Aerospace industry or in methods of management.  While exposing the cold war's best kept secrets, Rich outlines his  philosophy of managing people and projects, and problem solving.<br />The  stories of the birth of the U-2 F-117a, the SR-71 and the Stealth boat are  told alongside the development of the &quot;Skunk Works&quot; - all are a  work of art.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I love this album.  But don't get me wrong, I'm not one of those Britney-fans that hang posters of her up in my room and worship them.   Actually, I don't really like Britney Spears that much.  But I heard the  full-length songs on the internet, and I discovered that I actually liked  it a lot.  Here are my ratings:<br />1.Oops I Did It Again-10/10.  Great beat,  it's a really awesome song.  Although the chorus sounds like &quot;Woman In  Love&quot; a lot, it's a really cool song. 2.Stronger-10/10.  Amazing song.   It should be a single!  The song gives a really great message. 3.Don't Go  Knocking On My Door-9/10.  The beginning of it sounds really annoying, but  the rest of the song makes up for it.  It has a really great R&amp;B vibe  to it. 4.Satisfaction-10/10.  The first time I heard it, I was like,  &quot;Why is THIS song on the album?&quot;  But after a few spins, I  thought the EXACT opposite way.  It turned out to be a great song!  I love  the guitar intro. 5.Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know-8/10.  The beginning's  really bad, but it has a really nice chorus that brings out Britney's voice  nicely. 6.What U See Is What U Get-10/10.  Wow, this song is a really great  dance song.  It should definetly be a single after &quot;Stronger&quot;!  7.Lucky-7/10.  I don't know why so many people like this song so much.  And  I've heard some of my friends say (after hearing this song), &quot;Wow,  Britney really has it hard!&quot;  (Excuse me, but are we supposed to feel  SORRY for her! )  Yeah, right.  But I like the part where the song slows  down after 2 minutes.  :) 8.One Kiss From You-10/10.  This song has a  wonderful chorus, it's really cool. 9.Where Are You Now-9/10.  I LUV slow  songs, but this song is WAY too slow.  But overall, it's pretty sweet.  But  what's up with all that &quot;It's up there with the ranks of Mariah  Carey&quot;!  10.Can't Make You Love Me-10/10.  What is up with the  dissing with this song?  It's one of the best on the album!  I love the  dancing beat, and her voice sounds great when it slows down about 2:20 into  the song. 11.When Your Eyes Say It-10/10.  It would easily be the best the  song on the album, if she didn't talk so much in the song.  But otherwise,  it's WONDERFUL!   I absolutely love the strings in it! 12.Dear Diary-5/10.   Sorry for the harsh rating, but this song wasn't very original.  Britney,  try a little harder next time when writing.  The song is kinda cute,  though. 13.Girl In The Mirror-10/10.  I don't know why this wasn't on the  original album in the first place.  It's a sweet slow song!<br />I hope this  review was helpful for you!  Thanks for reading this!
B000002UB6|3.0|All in all Let It Be makes for a good album, so it gets 3 stars. Anyone  that would give this a 5 star rating is doing so unfairly simply because  it's by the Beatles. Although an album that has Two Of Us, Across The  Universe, Let It Be, The Long And Winding Road, and Get Back on it is  definitely in the running for a 4 (or even 5) star rating, the rest of the  album is filled with a lot of mediocre (or even poor) songs. And it really  is a messy final product that they patched together.<br />It would be nice if  this was an excellent or classic record, it would certainly look better for  this band's canon, but it just isn't. There's no real rhyme or reason to  the track order, and there are moments when you just have to wonder what  these guys were thinking. The songs just don't mesh at all and there's  almost zero flow from song to song.<br />Yes, there is a certain &quot;Get  Back&quot; feel to it: the band is playing around doing some good  old-fashioned song writing. So for Beatles fans it's a good purchase, it  gives some insight into some of the quirks of these guys. But for those  that just want the best of what the Beatles have to offer, the only real  catch for not getting this is you can't get Two Of Us anywhere else.  Otherwise pick up the Red and Blue Albums and get the Beatle classics.
B00003CWNR|4.0|Good acting by almost the entire cast. I wondered why Tobey Maguire did not get an Oscar nomination for his role. The only incredible part is allowing a kid to perform medicine, regardless whether the setting was pre-war or today. Anyway, that's what made the story entertaining and unique, right?
B000002UB3|5.0|What makes Abbey Road such a great album, besides the wealth of great  songs (and they *are* great, including Come Together, Something, I Want  You, Here Comes The Sun, Because, and the two song suites to end the  album), is the immaculate construction. <br />Imagine hearing the album as if  it were being played live to you in its entirity. The album starts off with  six big, very distinct songs that each take a few minutes to unwind and  establish a unique personality of their own. Once the band has jumpstarted  their performance with these six numbers, they begin to get into a real  groove and the songs start to flow into one another. By the end of the show  the songs have no start or end and the band is on a roll just sweeping from  song to song. <br />The songs are great, the album flows very well, and it is  exceptionally produced. It is a historically significant swan song to  probably the greatest band of all time. There is absolutely no reason not  to have this in your collection, and it is one of the four Beatle albums  (along with Revolver, Sgt. Pepper, and The White Album) that are real must  haves for any collection.
B00004RFFM|4.0|&quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; often gets criticism it doesn't deserve.  I see it as an action-packed thriller that moves along quickly.  Sure, some of  the moments and situations are corny and stupid.  But I think the film is  saved in many areas by the comedy and surprises.  That is why I give this  four stars.  This movie is definitely better than most of the other  &quot;eat 'em up&quot; movies.  Sure, it's no &quot;Jaws&quot;, but what  is?
6303022901|4.0|This movie certainly made me appreciate all Mothers and their sacrifices...the book is a must read if you haven't already and the  &quot;Kitchen Gods wife&quot; by the same author also....
B000002KH3|5.0|It's a hot summer night late in the 70's.  You're cruising the mall  parking lot in a Firebird full of your buddies looking for that &quot;dream  girl&quot;.  You're gonna be a senior next year and anything in the world  seems possible!<br />That's the world of Van Halen I.
0312954468|5.0|This is ubdoubdtely the greatest story on the ancient egypt. For the  readers who found taita the narrator too pompous, it can only be said  taita's nobility nobility, self-abnegation and sacrifice far too surpass  his occassional venture into self-praise. If the scrolls are true, then  taita's role in bringing the glory back to a vanquished egypt is the most  significant - and he continues to serve three generations of the ancient  egypt as a slave.<br />I have read most of wilbur smith's book. He is simply  an authority on africa. This book has raised my opinion of wilbur smith if  that were possible. <br />One suggestion: after u finish reading the book.  please do read the Author's Note on pages 661-662.
0876855575|5.0|Long time Bukowski fans cringe at the site of so many posers jumping on his bandwagon.  These bohemian wanna-be's who see themselves as rebels yet  are usually simply `alternatively conforming' think Buk is `their man'  because he is often `vulgar' and `partied.'  This is a typically idiotic  interpretation of Buk.  The truth is Buk would detest these posers just as  he despised the posing conformist rebellion of the beats.  It is true that  Buk was sometimes uselessly vulgar, yet often his vulgar scenes were meant  to shock the reader into acceptance of a greater point or were symbolic of  something else.  Notice in Ham on Rye the scene where the `slow' student  masturbates while the English teacher lectures on the creation of a new  American style of writing.  Obviously this is symbolic of Buk himself, who  was making the point that the new American style of writing would not come  from the beautiful faces and flowery language of schoolmarms but from the  defeated, the crippled, the misfits of society.  The `slow' child is Buk  and all misfits, who creates the new language (notice it makes a lot of  noise just as these new writers did).  As to partying, while it is true  that Buk loved alcohol like no other writer, Buk preferred to drink alone,  to escape existence which he saw as obscene and absurd.  A close reading of  his work showed how much he hated parties, going to them simply for the  access to liquor they provided.  And Buk was also a hard worker who  struggled with poems for weeks and read virtually all the classics.  He was  no lightweight, so lightweights, stop claiming him!<br />Ham on Rye is the  place to start for any Buk fan.  He is at his best here, showing why he  chose to `drop out' of the rat race altogether.  There are many beautifully  written scenes of great tragedy, humor, and drama as well as well thought  out symbolism (I love the scene where a college English teacher tries to  seduce Chinaski saying he can have whatever he wants if he will stay in  school: the teacher represents modern fiction of the time, superficially  pretty but demanding a falsity that Buk can't accept, he turns her down to  forge his own artistic tradition).  The next logical choice if you like  this book is Buk's Post Office or some of John Fante's work (especially Ask  the Dust or Dreams from Bunker Hill).  Buy this book, you will learn  something.
0060933259|1.0|I am returning the HarperCollins Large Print edition of Pride and  Prejudice because the PRINT IS TOO SMALL for a Large Print book.  I am  distressed that it bears the NAVH (National Association of the Visually  Handicapped) mark -- the font is clearly smaller than other, commercially  produced, large print books.<br />Obviously, this review does not address the  content of Austen's work -- I'm objecting only to the presentation by this  publisher.
B000002WPI|5.0|In 1993, Hip Hop took a turn for the better with the release of Enter the  36 Chambers. This album is a definite classic and ranks alongside other Hip  Hop classics such as All Eyez On Me, Doggystyle, The Chronic, and Ready to  Die. The RZA is a musical mastermind, which is best displayed through his  production on this album. The lyrics on this disc are completely addictive.  After listening you'l remember lines like &quot;crazy flambouyant for the  rap enjoyment, my clan increase like black unemployment.......&quot; and  &quot;a man with the plan with dreams to make cream which failed, I went to  jail at the age of 15.....&quot;. C.R.E.A.M. is the signature song on this  disc. If at any time you're able to feel these nine men's struggle, it's  definitely while listening to that track. Song after song, line after line,  Enter the 36 Chambers does for the Hip Hop fan what warm milk does for a  hungry infant. Your gritty, underground Hip Hop needs will be quenched by  this disc. Enter the 36 Chambers has been out for seven years now, and I  still listen to it regularly today. I can't wait for the Clan to release  their third offering. It promises to be just as gritty as this one, and if  so, will be another instant classic for Wu Tang. All Hip Hop fans should  have this.
B000002MIY|5.0|This is a really good album. It's not as good as The Nightfly, but then  again, it's very hard to find an album that even comes CLOSE to The  Nightfly in terms of everything. One of the best CDs out there and a great  investment.
B000003AEB|5.0|This is a timeless classic, and it ranks along with my other personal Hip  Hop classics The Chronic, All Eyez On Me, Enter the 36 Chambers, and Ready  To Die. Snoop Dogg came out the yard with a loud bark on Deep Cover,  definitely represented on The Chronic, and came into his own on Doggystyle.  His laid back g-funk style and lyrics offered the hungry Hip Hop fan a new  taste.Since Doggystyle, Snoop hasn't been able to find that magical formula  that only he and Dre could produce. If you don't have Doggystyle, you're  collection is lacking one of the best CDs ever. Go get it!!!!!!
B00004T37H|5.0|I first heard about this movie on TV, on this program about this art film festival all about Japanese movies, here in Holland (where I live). I got  interested in it then when I saw the few shots that they showed. So when I  found out that they where showing it at the Lowlands festival (witch is  obviously more than a music fest.) I went and see it, and I loved it. I  liked it so much that I went and seen it both the two times that they  showed it (it was a 3 day fest so it did not take up all my time). It was  by far the best anime and probably the best animated movie movie I've ever  seen. The only problem is that it is considered to be more of an artmovie  than a very popular animated movie (like Disney) over here, so I think it  wont be on video here, but we can still hope. Anyway, I loved it and it  gets 5 thumbs up, eh... stars.
B00000163G|5.0|This was it!  2Pac's greatest CD ever was definitely All Eyez On Me!  The only other Pac album that comes close is Makaveli. Right off the bat,  Pac hits you with Ambitionz Az A Ridah, a song you will definitely rewind  again and again! Once you get past that, it's a simply superb ride! No one  can deny the power and emotion Pac brings on No More Pain. With Devante  from Jodeci producing, this track is mind blowing. The hard bass will pound  through any system, and the listener will definitely be put in a trance.  One of the hidden jewels on this CD is Tradin' War Stories, which features  one of the West Coast's most slept on rappers, C-BO. He and a few other  guest artists help Pac nail this one down. This is definitely a CD to have.  All true Pac fans know that this is his best work. I recommend this to  everyone. This definitely deserves five stars.
1573225517|2.0|I loved the film High Fidelity starring John Cusack. It was witty, funny,  enjoyable and engrossing. So I bought the book thinking that a book is also  better than the movie, especially when the book came first. At first it was  enjoyable, very similar to the movie, but the I came upon many scenes that  had been left out of the movie, and for good reason. By the time I had  gotten two thirds of the way through I had gotten so sick and tired of it  that I had to put it down. In the movie you liked and hated Robert, but in  the novel you just hate him. I could barely relate to his bleal outlook on  everything, and many of the &quot;humorous&quot; lines which appeared in  the movie and the novel didn't have the same feeling in the novel, the came  off as sad sayings of sad people, not as abnormal sayings from abnormal  people, which in essence is better than the former. It was in whole a  dissappointment.
B000003AEB|5.0|This is a timeless classic, and it ranks along with my other personal Hip  Hop classics The Chronic, All Eyez On Me, Enter the 36 Chambers, and Ready  To Die. Snoop Dogg came out the yard with a loud bark on Deep Cover,  definitely represented on The Chronic, and came into his own on Doggystyle.  His laid back g-funk style and lyrics offered the hungry Hip Hop fan a new  taste.Since Doggystyle, Snoop hasn't been able to find that magical formula  that only he and Dre could produce. If you don't have Doggystyle, you're  collection is lacking one of the best CDs ever. Go get it!!!!!!
B0000021RB|5.0|this is an amazing  and diverse debut album , with jazz, hard rock,  psychedelia, blues, etc and fine production and decent songwriting.. the  only thing i would complain about is 'free form guitar'. everything else  works on the album, even though some of the tracks have been played to  death since. i agree with the reviewer who said the best stuff is the stuff  not played on the radio. for me, chicago really  went downhill after the  3rd album , ( which was a pretty shaky affair anyway- including some of  their greatest and some of their most bombastic work.),perhaps recording 3  double albums and then a monstrous 4 lp live set depleted their creativity  too much, the 5th album is only so -so. by about 1975 they really had   absolutely nothing left to offer but saccharine mush. sometimes i wonder  why, because these guys were all fine musicians and all 3 vocalists were  certainly talented.then again,it often seems that just about every rock  group had something good  or redeeming about it in the late 60s early 70s  except for maybe the bangor flying circus ...  people who are more familiar  with the likes of hard habit to break will be shocked by the awesome  instrumentation of, in paticular, terry kath, danny seraphine and, yes,  peter cetera . also interesting and rather shocking is that in these early  years the band were very politically to the left. in these years no one was  making fun of chicago, the band earned plaudits from the likes of jimi  hendrix and family's roger chapman. this 1st album is easily their finest  work, and definitely the one to get if you only want one, and that would  include any best of recording out there. i would say that one of the 100  best albums ive ever heard..
B0000039PW|5.0|Ready To Die is one of the best Hip Hop albums ever!! From start to  finish, there are no disappointing tracks on this disc. I can't even say I  have a favorite song on this disc because I love them all!! B.I.G. was one  of the best when it came to creating a story with his lyrics. I have to put  Ready To Die with the Hip Hop classics All Eyez On Me, The Chronic,  Doggystyle, and Enter the 36 Chambers. Those five CDs will never be  touched, and I don't think it's possible to say that any of the five is  better than the rest, at least not from an unbiased point of view. Some of  the best tracks in Hip Hop history lie within this CD. Big Poppa tore the  clubs up, while Juicy and Everyday Struggle personified the hit and miss  lifestyle of the streets. The Notorious B.I.G. presented his best work on  Ready To Die, and it was a tragic blow to the ripeness of Hip Hop for him  to be gunned down like a wild beast. Hip Hop fans definitely lost one of  the best of all time!! Ready To Die is worth buying twice.
B00004YA66|4.0|I had the opportunity to see this movie during its theatrical run this spring.  I work for a movie theatre and to be honest, if I saw this trailer one more time, I was gonna barf.  But, undaunted, I watched the movie anyway.  It was really quite good.  The story was fresh &amp; original.  Granted, it was a little far-fetched, but it was an intriguing drama.  Dennis Quaid is a firefighter in the 60's with a wife &amp; young son.  During a failed rescue attempt, he perishes in a fire, and his son grows up without his dad.  Flash-forward to 2000, and the son is a police officer struggling in his relationships.  He uncovers his dad's old HAM radio, and through freak cosmic circumstances, he is able to communicate with his dad in the 60's prior to his death.  Through their interference, they are able to alter the past, which then alters the future.  It's a race against time in order to set things right in both eras.  I don't wanna give any spoilers away, so I just say watch this film.  Very original, and one of the best movies I saw this year.  Keep a phone close by, because afterwards, you may just need to talk to dad.
6304613113|4.0|This collection boasts four Batman films, each one is worthviewing some times. Batman is arguably the best of the series, withTim Burton teaming up with Michael Keaton. Jack Nicholson makes a terrific villain as the Joker, and Kim Basigner is great as Vicki Vale. Anton Furst's production design won an Oscar, and Danny Elfman contributes a classic score. The cinematography is beautiful. Worth 5 stars. Batman Returns has Burton reuniting with Keaton along with Danny DeVito as the Penguin and Michelle Pffeifer as Catwoman. The film gives an even darker look at Batman, and the production design is much more malevolent. Oscar nominations for visual effects and incredible makeup. The cinematography is dark and brooding once again, and Danny Elfman's score is possibly better than his original. Worth 4 1/2 stars. Batman Forever is a whole different picture compared to the first two, with Joel Schumacher bringing his flashy, lavish style. Val Kilmer does a great job of filling Keaton's shoes as Batman, and Chris O' Donnell is brought in as Robin. Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey portray two of Gotham's most colorful villains, Two-Face and The Riddler. Nicole Kidman plays a criminal psychologist. The film is very well directed, and the special effects and sound are loud and overkill. Oscar nominations for cinematography, sound, and sound effects editing. Not as good as the first two and is sunk by a poor climax and despite great action, new Bat hardware and many great new vehicles...  Worth 3 1/2 stars. Batman &amp; Robin offers an overdose of eye candy...  Robin is more of a distraction to Batman though together they battle the icy Mr. Freeze (played well by Arnold Schwarzenneger) and the seductive yet annoying Poison Ivy and her strongman Bane with a little help from Batgirl. Senseless action and a stupid plot premise is slightly redeemed by more new vehicles... and more new Bat hardware. Once again the special effects and sound are loud and overkill. Sadly, it was poorly done. Worth 1 1/2 stars. Overall, the Batman Legacy is a good film collection and is worth buying.  END
B00001OH7M|5.0|I am rating this a 5 because of Space Oddity and Cygnet Committee.  All  the other songs are good, but nothing compared to these two songs which  equal perfection.  Space Oddity speaks for itself, but few know about  Cygnet Committee.  Cygnet is a touching mind blowing song that can never be  listened to too many times.  Bowie puts his heart and soul into this song  screaming out thet lyrics as if he is pleading for his life.  His final  words in the song,  &quot;I want to live&quot; said about 20 times in a row  makes one feel moved once this 10 minute song is complete.  It is an  absolute masterpiece.
B00000DI2T|5.0|A fundamental cycle.
B000026258|5.0|There are few pieces in my opinion that one can continually return to and  still be as moved as when they heard it for the first time, never tiring of  hearing the same music; but for me, this was one such piece.  Seven years  after originally buying it, 'Music for 18 Musicians' still sounds as fresh  as on that first day.<br />Along with Miles Davis' 'Kind of Blue', 'St.  Matthew Passion', and Nancarrow's 'Studies', Music for 18 Musicians was for  me one of those rare landmark musical events that dramatically changed the  whole way I thought about music.<br />18 Musicians suits the characteristic  sound of the ECM label perfectly.  Of the three recordings now readily  available (the other two being the Nonesuch and the RCA Victor) this is by  far the best and most balanced.  ECM also resisted the temptation to split  the piece into separate tracks, resulting in a CD with one single track on  it - which is how this piece should be heard.    The cover art (which,  incidentally is by Reich's wife, the artist Beryl Korot) is ideally suited  to the wonderful, shimmering sonic experience that is 18 Musicians.   Indeed, everything about this release is just right.  <br />If you buy only  one Minimalist CD in your life, then buy Music for 18 Musicians, and if you  decide to buy it, make sure it's this recording!
0399143904|2.0|Since I got access to Tom Clancy's books back in 1992, I have been a big  fan of his books and tried to read all new ones.  While the general plot of  the book is very good (as usual with Tom Clancy) it seems that he became  too assured of his success and he does not pay attention to details that  make the good fiction book.  I did not like that there were so many places  in the book where Tom Clancy repeats his lines over and over. It also  appears that Clancy was tired by the end of his book and tried to finish it  as soon as possible making the book crippled at the end.  One more comment  (that is just one more example of his failure to pay attention to the  details) - all references to Russian words in the book do not make any  sense (it looks like Tom Clancy just opened a bad English-Russian  dictionary for pre-school and took the Russia words from there).
0679409920|5.0|This book is not my favorite among Graham Green's, personally I prefer  'The Heart of the Matter'. The novel includes even obvious discrepancies:  pictures of Moscow life is out-of-date, the late 1970s in the USSR are  depicted as late 1950s or 1960s at least, the Russian characters are rather  schematic. <br />Nevertheless, the author is telling us extremely important  thing: believe your heart but not Government or its different services  including Secret ones. The end of the novel is rather sad but it is not  because the hero betrayed England and trusted the Soviet Union (it could be  vice versa). Maurice Castle loves his wife and stepson, and it is the main  factor that destroys the plans of different Secret Services, it is the main  human factor that sets the world in motion.
B00004TRD8|4.0|The previous release of T2 on DVD left a bland taste in my mouth.  No extras to speak of, no commentaries, no deleted scenes.  <br />Not so with the  newest release of T2, appropriately named The Ultimate Edition.  This DVD  is the paramount of why DVDs are worth the switch from VHS.  Not only does  the sound and video look pristine (you can actually hear the leather of  Schwarzenegger's jacket creak when he gets off the bike at the beginning of  the movie), but the special edition really adds a lot of flavor to the  existing movie.<br />In the theatrical release, the T-800's sudden change from  a cold, unfeeling cyborg to a smiling, caring soul was a bit odd, but the  special edition a lot of questions are answered.  There is quite a bit more  character development, more of Sarah's insecurities, more of John's  leadership qualities, more of the T-1000's sadistic tendencies.<br />The only  reason I didn't give this DVD five out of five was because Artisan made me  spend another 30 bucks to get the great stuff that I should've gotten with  the first release of the movie.  <br />If you've previously bought it, or  you've seen it and been waiting for the right time, or if you've never even  seen it before, I would highly suggest this movie.  It's a great addition  to any DVD collection.
0767903854|5.0|I've been a Bryson reader for a number of years now and really looked  forward to reading his impressions on Australia.  His latest book gives a  good understanding of what Australia is like - the immense size of the  country, the isolation and hardships of the Outback, city life, the people  he travelled with and their comments.  Believe me, if you've ever thought  about touring Down Under this book has captured modern Australia - warts  and all!  Bill's travel description of Oz is an &quot;eyes wide open, tell  it how it is&quot; approach and, although some may not like derogatory  comments expressed by some locals to controversial issues, that's how  Australia really is today.  Bill Bryson's usual well researched work  presented most accurately in an entertaining read.
0767819462|2.0|Oh for Lord's sakes.  I can love a drama, but not when it hits all my hated M's -- Maudlin, Morose and Morbid. This overwraught sobfest features  Susan Sarandon and Julia Roberts as mom and stepmom respectively, working  together to build a stable environment for the kids under trying  circumstances (illness, kids' hostility towards Julia, Julia's busy career,  a dad/husband who raises his voice, but can't lift a finger).  While the  premise is admirable, the result is lots of overacting and overreacting  from the usually watchable Sarandon and Roberts.  This is not a reason to  spend your money -- a renter at most, if ever I saw one.
B000026C3T|5.0|this cd is spectacular, it has so many great zep songs!
0553275976|5.0|New York, The Brits, the Yanks, Racism, Politics, Institutions, Money and People go all mixed up in this great book, so great that is a classic. Impossible to put it down.
0385491026|5.0|I have just finished reading this book and think it one of the best of  Atwood's books.  It is an exploration into the psyche and first hand  experiences of girlhood and how it reflects on our adult lives as women.  I  love that the writing got me enraptured in Elaine Risley's fears and  triumphs.  Also, I am an art lover and Elaine's paintings are as expressive  on paper as if they were real productions in a gallery.  Atwood again uses  wit and humor balanced with the utmost seriousness to create a spectacular  flight from childhood to adulthood.
B000005RT8|2.0|Paul McCartney is one of my favorite artist,and he deseves to have a bad  record,and this is the one.I have to give it 2 stars because Paul did  everything himself on this album. The number 1 single,&quot;Coming  up,&quot; was even different from the way its in here.Paul tried to go New  Wave,and it didn't work.I think this was the reason Paul was arrested in  Japan in 1980.
B00000K31V|1.0|Let's not try and pretend, like most of the other reviews, that this film is at all CLEVER. It's not, it's utter rubbish. The concept is far too similar to 'The Game', the difference being that 'The Game' is a very good film. The acting is wooden, and the characters have to keep explaining what the hell it is they are doing. Imagine 'Star Wars': &quot;This is your father's Light-sabre Luke, the light comes out of this bit but it doesn't go on and on forever, gradually getting dimmer like normal light, it stops after a while. Also it can cut through things and hurt people which light can't normally do, and.........blah, blah, blah, blah, blah&quot;<br />Cronenberg should be banned from directing and should have to personnaly pay back the money that was WASTED on this boring, rubbish.<br />If you like this film you can help David pay the money back instead of buying the DVD!!
B000002UAR|5.0|Regarding Richard Elgin's review of Revolver, I feel compelled to write and clarify some inconsistencies.He states that George Harrison introduces the sitar on \\"Love You To\\";it was on Rubber Soul's \\"Norwegian Wood.\\" He writes that \\"Here,There and Everywhere\\" is an obvious ode to Linda.This song was written and recorded in the spring of 1966 and preceded his meeting her by at least a year. The song \\"She Said,She Said\\" was inspired by remarks made by Peter Fonda while Lennon was on an acid trip \\"I know what it's like to be dead.\\" \\"Good Day Sunshine\\" was influenced by the Lovin' Spoonful.\\"And Your Bird Can Sing\\" has nothing to do with gurus. Perhaps he's thinking of 1968's \\"Sexy Sadie\\" on the White Album. \\"Got To Get You Into My Life\\" is an ode to pot(see the book Many Years From Now.)I won't argue that \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" may have been a springboard for the album that followed(Sgt.Pepper).Surely you can't deny there was as much innovation on \\"Eleanor Rigby\\", \\"Yellow Submarine\\" and throughout the rest of the album. He also states that \\"Paul has a tendency to write overtly schmaltzy pop material on later Beatle albums\\". Would he be refering to \\"Fool On The Hill\\",\\"Hey Jude\\", \\"Let It Be\\" or \\"The Long And Winding Road\\"? The Beatles UK recording of Revolver marked a milestone in pop music.My opinion is this was perhaps its greatest achievement and finest hour.So I just wanted to clear some distortions.Before you state your case,check the facts.
B00001SIES|5.0|So many people have blabbed on and on about all the Radiohead sound-alikes  popping up in Britain these days.  True, when Matt begins his soulfull,  upper-range crooning, it does sound a bit Thom Yorke-esque.  But Muse seems  to have so much else going on that is strictly Muse, the comparisons have  to end there in my opinion.  One cannot help but love Radiohead, yet Muse's  multi-layered media fest of a style strikes chords that run so deep in my  stomach I never knew I had them.  Even a  staunch Radiohead Head friend of  mine took to Muse in a crazy way, a way that he says he hasn't taken to a  band SINCE Radiohead. It takes at least ten listenings to catch every iota  of sound in this album.  It baffles me, it simply amazes me, that three  people MY AGE can make so much music.  And they're this good even without  the polished studio sound, as evidenced by the jawdropping live tracks on  some of their singles.  For me, this band is the find of the century.
B00004TWZG|5.0|Improving on perfection. Some say it can't be done. With flawless compression and sound to match. This version was worth the wait.  Please  take the time to watch this movie as it should be viewed! The added scenes  only add to the story. It's not like some of the other DVD 's where they  even throw the kitchen sink back in, just to get the running time as long  as they can. These scenes add to story and drama!
B000002J6H|5.0|I love the songs on this collection.  I really do.  Stephen Stills does  not disappoint.  His incredible voice and guitar playing are a treat for  the ears.  He revisits the delightful classic of &quot;Love the One You're  With&quot; and treats his audience to a rich blend of gospel, country, folk  and rock.  I love &quot;Church (Part of Someone).&quot;  The songs are of  exceptionally high caliber and I just can't imagine anyone not liking this.  It is truly excellent.
B00003CWL6|5.0|It always amazes me at how much hatred can be inspired by an intelligent, thought-provoking movie.  Scroll down and read some of the negative  reviews; the people who wrote them truely have no idea what they're talking  about.  I agree completely with the well-written, calm review that quoted  Kevin Spacey as saying that American Beauty is a film about context.  This  movie apparently is a love-it or hate-it film (as, I've found, most  intelligent cinema is).  Great literature is filled mostly with (no,  comprised completely of) stories that provoke us.  Maybe we agree with  them, maybe we hate them, but the cause for hate is more often than not  misunderstanding, or, as the old saying goes, &quot;they've gotten their  toes stepped on.&quot;  Art forces our noses down to the filth of our  actions; many are frightened by a film like American Beauty, which portrays  these events, but does not condone them.  People grow afraid when a  brilliant piece of work such as American Beauty makes them realize  understand why people act this way, for, with understanding, comes  comprehension; there is a line between the two.  Once fully comprehended,  it makes no sense for these people to hate the actions of the characters  onscreen; but they _want_ to hate them, to show how truly different and  superior they themselves are.  What it boils down to is that we are all  human, and all capable of this behavior, only some do not like to admit it.   American Beauty, for all its beauty, shows us a darker side of suburbia,  and ourselves.  What the movie's detractors fail to realize is that once we  are shown, we stand a much better chance of curtailing such behavior.
B000002J6F|5.0|There is no doubt about it.  Stephen Stills is a musical purist.  He  respects music and his talent shines through like a beacon.  He is  especially adept at combining different styles of music to create auditory  masterpieces.  &quot;Jesus Gave Love Away for Free,&quot;  &quot;Colorado,&quot; &quot;Fallen Eagle,&quot; and &quot;Blues Man&quot;  are among the many top caliber pieces he has done.  This is a must have for  the serious listener.  The pure talent and great guitar playing and rich  harmonizing is such a treat.
6305622825|2.0|Unfortunatly, this film wasn't quite what I expected. Connery is classically associated with 007, in other words 'the good guy'. Playing a professional thief, didn't really suit his style, having said this, he made the best of it. <br />Catherine Zeta Jones fitted the role of an insurance investigater leading a double life, very well indeed being subtle and athletic thoughout, she breathed life into the film. Having talked about the actors, the film seemed to wallow too much with many of the scenes taking place in some castle in scotland. They ought to have dotted around a bit to keep things interesting. Still, there some scenes (not enough) which contained real suspense and thrilling action. The ending was entirly unconvincing and unrealistic. Although i didn't see it coming, it wasn't in the least bit likely, considing the complete lack of chemistry between the lead actors throughout the film. <br />This, in my opinion is what killed the film, the lack of relationship other than profesional. Mac even put Gin down when she suggested it. In a way it would have been difficult having a romantic intrest because Connery is old enough to be Zeta Jones' grandfather.<br />In conclusion I would say that if you are a die-hard Connery or Zeta jones fan, then it is worth a rent for a mediocre performance by good actors and a topical story line, watch it once then make up your own mind.
B000002J0P|5.0|There is no doubt about it. Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash are by far and away  my favorite musical performers.  Their music is highly cerebral, their  harmonies nonpareil and their lyrics a work of brilliance.  My personal  favorites on this collection are &quot;Suite: Judy Blue Eyes,&quot;  &quot;Wooden Ships,&quot; and &quot;Guinneviere.&quot;  The gentle guitar  strains and perfect, rich blend of voices remains untopped to this day.  Every song on this collection is a self contained work of art.  It is a  treat to listen to.  If I could rate this more stars, I would glady do so.
0767802519|5.0|French director Luc Besson (&quot;The Messenger&quot;; &quot;The Fifth Element&quot;) made his U.S. film debut with this intelligent thriller of  an Italian hitman who is untouchable. &quot;The Professional&quot; stars  Jean Reno (&quot;The Big Blue&quot;) who plays Leon, a professional hitman  with ninja-like skills, who eliminates rivals for a mob boss (Danny  Aiello). <br />After a corrupt cop (Gary Oldman) eliminates the family  residing next door due to a drug transaction gone wrong, Leon finds himself  the guardian of young Mathilda (Natalie Portman in her screen debut).  Taking Mathilda under his helm, Leon teaches her the art of the  &quot;cleaner&quot;. However, danger lurks around every corner, and Leon  must protect Mathilda from the same cops who killed her family.  <br />Considered by many to be his masterpiece, &quot;The Professional&quot;  was originally released internationally under the title &quot;Leon&quot;.  However due to the feeling that American audiences might find some material  unacceptable, over 24 minutes of the film was edited out. Finally,  Columbia/Tri-Star has made an excellent decision in releasing the uncut,  international version of this excellent film in the U.S. as it originally  was called in August 2000. <br />While the film's central theme revolves  around Leon and his job, the subplot where Mathilda develops an attraction  for Leon is reminiscent of the novel/film &quot;Lolita&quot;. The chemistry  between both characters in a father/daughter relationship can be intense,  especially as we notice that Mathilda is in her puberty-stage. <br />Jean Reno  is excellent as always, and Gary Oldman gives a chilling performance as  Stansfield, the wicked DEA officer who murdered Mathilda's family in cold  blood. However, the real scene-stealer in this film has to be Natalie  Portman. This beautiful young girl radiates beauty and professionalism  throughout the film. Her porcelain-looking skin, and her big brown eyes are  well utilizedin this film, making her character more childish, yet mature  to a certain extent. Portman proved to audiences in this film that she was  no flash in the pan, and in her subsequent films, she continues to be a  scene-stealer. She is truly Hollywood's most gifted young actress.<br />In the  international version, most of the 24 minutes that were left out in the  film's 1994 release in the U.S. mainly involves both Leon and Mathilda  going on &quot;cleaning sweeps&quot; where she gets first hand training in  the art of assassination. The other half of these minutes focuses on  Mathilda's attraction to Leon. Her persistent attempts to be intimate with  Leon all fail, but we finally understand why Leon remains a loner when it  comes to affairs if the heart. Some might be uncomfortable about the idea  of Mathilda and Leon sharing a bed together, but Besson paints this scene  as one involving platonic love and not sex. <br />In wrapping up, I recommend  this film for anyone who enjoys a nonstop, high-impact thriller in the same  tradition as the &quot;Matrix,&quot; &quot;Blade,&quot; or &quot;Dead  Calm&quot;. Luc Besson truly is one of the world's greatest action  directors, and &quot;Leon&quot; captures his magic. An excellent, pulstaing  film from beginning to end!
B000002UAO|5.0|This is one of my favorite Beatles albums.  When this was released in late  1965, the  Beatles were already experimenting with different musical  styles.  The songs on this collection run the full gamut of expression and  styles from the highly romantic ballad &quot;Michelle&quot; to the highly  danceable &quot;Wait&quot; and &quot;Drive My Car.&quot;  The lyrics are  nonpareil and remain so to this day.  The blend of guitar, drum and  harmonies remains flawless and unrivalled.  &quot;In My Life&quot; is truly  an exceptional work of art.  It is a musical masterpiece.  The lyrics evoke  strong feelings and the gentle harmony provides a pleasant contrast to the  strong feelings expressed in the lyrics.  I always felt it was a shame that  most of these songs did not get a lot of radio play (e.g.&quot;Wait,&quot;  &quot;You Won't See Me,&quot; &quot;Run for Your Life.&quot;) The work  contained on this album is of impeccably high caliber and it is something  to be heard and treasured to this day.<br />If I could, I would rate this one  more stars.
B00000705Z|2.0|Sorry, but I was quite disappointed with this album. I was expecting  something as rich and deep as &quot;Behaviour&quot;. But what came out was  something (in my point of view) as basic and poorly written as a  rave-dance-track. The lyrics are 2nd rate, the rhymes are laughable and the  (beautiful) music (they used to write) was overcame by dance beats, latin  beats, even Bossa Nova-like beats. &quot;Discoteca&quot; and  &quot;Single&quot; are mindless tracks that keep repeating themselves.  &quot;Electricity&quot; is as boring and dull as &quot;Up Against It&quot;.  &quot;It Always comes as a Surprise&quot; is an easy melody helped by a  likable bossa nova mood. I guess only &quot;Survivors&quot;,  &quot;Before&quot; and &quot;Saturday Night Forever&quot; actually keep  this album afloat. But barely. Try their older albums instead!
B000002J0N|5.0|Harmony, vocals and good guitar playing will NEVER be out of fashion and  if we are lucky, CSN will treat us to even more music!  The rich blend of  voices combined with gentle guitar playing is unrivaled to this day!  &quot;I Give You Blind,&quot; and &quot;Dark Star&quot; are MY personal  favorites.  This is such a treat.  Please, please listen to this.  You will  think your ears are in heaven.  This is truly a masterpiece.
B000002UWL|5.0|Well... Ten years after this album was released... and I still listen to  it like if I had just bought it yesterday. This is, I believe, the best PSB  album ever. Something that came in a long process of maturing their art.  This is one of those albums that we can listen to without changing tracks:  we can go through it from start to finnish and every track seems like a  beautifully crafted song, written with taste, heart and wit. Many albums  came after this one and none of them came closer in quality to  &quot;Behaviour&quot;. &quot;Being Boring&quot; is a master song full of  ideas and deep toughts (about the times, Aids, youth, etc.). &quot;To Face  the Truth&quot; and &quot;Only the Wind&quot; have a warmth that is quite  rare (and in fact, I can't recall having the same feeling about a song  since). &quot;My October Symphony&quot; (my favourite) is a fantasticaly  produced piece with a string quartet that, in a way, previews many things  that other artists would do in the subsequent years.  Actually, this one is  the last of the three &quot;white&quot; albums (the others are  &quot;Please&quot; and &quot;Actually&quot;) and it marks the end of that  journey. In fact, one of the most important things about this album is that  it clearly marks the duos's passage from an 80's sound to the 90's sound.  And they did it with this album. &quot;Very&quot; came 2 or 3 years after  this album and is quite good (the ones who followed are a downhill...) but  &quot;Behaviour&quot; is simply one of the best pop albums ever released.  It stands proudly along the best albums pop music ever produced. Listen to  it carefully and enjoy. Today I still catch myself singing some of those  songs.
B000000OE7|5.0|Made in Heaven is the most emotionally charged musical experience I've  ever had.  It's impossibe not to feel chills while hearing this tragic and  haunting album.  There are no let downs here, unlike Innuendo, which while  containing some brilliant songs also had some obvious fillers.  The best  tracks: Mother Love, Let Me Live and It's A Beautiful Day (reprise), but  they're all good songs, even the instrumental track at the end.  Listen and  you wont be dissapointed.
0375707972|3.0|I did like the book, it was a very qucik read and held my attention. But  for me to recommend a book to my friends it has to be outstanding... this  was pretty good but only 3 stars. I was looking for it to get into the war  crimes and characters more... maybe to book should have been longer?
B0000025RI|5.0|sometimes, success can hurt more than failure. think about it. the number  one album of all time; the biggest selling album of all time; a legendary  performance on motown 25, as he moonwalked his way into myth.look at the  damage it left in its wake: michael jackson's ego inflating to the size of  texas; he resorted to going out in disguises because he couldn't be normal;  he spent nights and days taking &quot; painkillers&quot; to help him deal  with it     imagine the pressure of following up an 800 pound gorilla of a  classic album: Bad was good. Dangerous, people bought because it was  Michael Jackson, History, would've worked better as a straight greatest  hits collection, no new songs...      now, the moniker &quot; king of  pop&quot; sounds more like braggadacio than truth. i don't want to know how  his skin became beige; i don't care to know if he slept  with liz tayor or  diana ross; don't care to know what he did with young boys or if he is  janet jackson. I will just listen to thriller again, evidence that proves  his nickname true..
B000001ESJ|5.0|A personal favorite of mine, Rush's A Farewell to Kings signals the next  phase for our boys from the Great White North.<br />Some classics appear on  this CD such as the fan-favorites &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot; and  &quot;Xanadu&quot;.  But to me, the gem on this CD is the closing track -  Cygnus X-1: Book I: The Voyage.<br />This track is a complete Sci-Fi  experience in and of itself.  Not since 2112 (ok, I know it was their last  studio album) has Rush captured such an incredible Sci-Fi theme.  The  musical impact is only second to the intense lyrics.<br />This would stand  alone as a work of poetry, and it has inspired a novel of the same name (to  be released in the near future).<br />This CD, and Cygnus X-1, are personal  favorites for good reason.<br />Enjoy...
B00003CXA6|5.0|Perfect for a long gray rainy day, this movie can transport you into the minds and hearts of our forefathers as they struggle with the moral,  ethical, political, and physical problems surrounding this most studied of  American battles. <br />The stand-out actor of the movie turns out to be Jeff  Daniels as the Union Colonel Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain. His compassionate  portrayal forever elevates my opinion of an actor whose work I had  previously dismissed as trivial and shallow. His impression of the college  professor from Maine, thrust into heroism by necessity and moral  conviction, is absolutely convincing.<br />Randy Edelman's score, with its  stirring recurring theme, lends sufficient majesty and weight to the  momentous events that are portrayed on screen. I challenge anyone to remain  unmoved during Lee's review of the troops preceding Pickett's charge. The  transcendent courage of these most nobel of soldiers is as inspiring as it  is heartbreaking.<br />If you are an American, it is your civil duty to watch  this film. It should be shown in every U.S. history class. If you are from  a different culture, this film may offer one of the best insights into the  formation of the American character, as complex and multifaceted as that  may may be.
B000001ESN|5.0|...and they'll never be the same.<br />But what a way to do so.<br />Permanent  Waves produces some of the band's best work to date.<br />From the  radio-popular Spirit of Radio and Freewill to the awe-inspiring Natural  Science and Jacob's Ladder, Rush once again shows that they can change with  the times without surrendering to their musical values.<br />Another CD that  should only be listened to at deafening volumes :)<br />Enjoy the ride...
0792156684|1.0|I only saw this film once and am very thankful that because I am female I am never expected to pay for movies when on dates.  I do hate that his money was so thoroughly wasted though.<br />Well as for my problem with this  movie, is that it focused on the two non-exisentent characters of Rose  (played by the redhaired ... herself) and Jack, and their two-day  lustful romp (no not love, lust).  We're talking about a shipping disaster  where thousands of people lost their lives, whole families were torn apart,  and James Cameron focuses on two sexed up &quot;teens.&quot;  The dialogue  was inane and pointless, the plot totally non-existant. Most of the  characters are so poorly developed and so stereotypical that they are not  merely one-dimensional but non-dimensional.  Cal Hockley comes to mind; his  character is so trite, all he's missing is a pencil thin moustache to rub  between his thumb and index finger while going &quot;mwa-hahahaha,&quot;  like some villain from a morality play.<br />The length of the film was also  annoying.  By the time the ship actually sinks I was saying &quot;Can't  Jack just go ahead and die.&quot;<br />Truth be told I was already saying that  at the beginning.  <br />James Cameron should stick to what he knows,  directing barely literate Germans in sci-fi films.
B000001ESF|5.0|A perfect follow-up to Caress of Steel, Rush enters into their incredible  Sci-Fi influence with 2112.<br />The title track is fantastic. Every single  note, every melody, every chord, every lyric is literally musical  perfection.<br />For a piece of work that it almost 25 years old, it still  sounds fresh and new today.<br />Rush fan or not, this one is worth every  dime.<br />A must!!!
B000002U82|5.0|&quot;...Pink Floyd is like a huge snowball that just keeps getting bigger  and bigger as it rolls downhill, picking up dumbasses and high school  dropouts as it goes, and they're all going 'Dude, Floyd rules,  dude'&quot;<br />This review is completely ignorant.  I am a straight A  student in high school and Pink Floyd has been the best thing to ever  happen to me.
B000001ESP|5.0|Only Rush could follow a masterpiece like Permanent Waves with something  even better. Enter - Moving Pictures.<br />Forget about Tom Sawyer - we all  know that this song is Rush's staple.<br />Move on to YYZ - their second  incredible instrumental.<br />Fly down the highway with Red Barchetta - the  best driving song ever written...<br />Jump up and scream to  Limelight...<br />and marvel at the B-side which ends with the jazzy and  incredible Vital Signs (another personal favorite)...<br />If you liked  Permanent Waves, you can only love Moving Pictures
6303965415|5.0|Being an Austen freak, there was no doubt that I would like &quot;Persuasion&quot;, but I found that I loved it.  So many scenes stand  out, but when Anne was reading Captain Wentworth's letter to her, my heart  was pounding.
B000001ES9|4.0|With their first (official) release, Rush sets the stage for their illustrious career.<br />This work isn't like other Rush pieces, but then  again, which works are?<br />That's the magic and beauty of Rush. Their sound  evolves.<br />As 'Rush' is a perfect stage to start that evolution.<br />Raw  power is evident in this first shot at stardom.<br />It's worth a listen.
B00004U30D|5.0|This film is fantastic. It pokes fun at suburban life, yet has a serious undertone, there is a force behind everything. Kevin spacey playes the role of a sad man, lester, with a terrible job, and horrible family life. his daughter Jane is admired by the neighbor boy. The movie contains several twisted people and many twisted love stories. This movie is a must have and is one of my personal favorites. I highly recommend this film.
0790736918|5.0|I've seen this movie on TV and on VHS probably a total of 20 times. John Wayne just couldn't be better in his role as Ethan. Absolutely captivating.  No doubt this movie is about racism, obsession and revenge. Ethan just  hates Indians to the core of his bones especially when he sees two girls  driven insane but their captivity and the murder and rape of his niece.  <br />An interesting note. There is a deleted scene where Ethan goes up a pass  through some rocks to follow one of the indians. While the others continue  around and meet him on the other side. The movie cuts to Ethan coming out  of the pass wiping his knife in the dirt and out of breath. He's asked  where's his jacket. Ethan's response is &quot;Never ask me about it&quot;.  I saw the original unedited version years ago before it was deleted. An  Indian has just raped and murdered his niece. He kills the Indian with his  knife and wraps the dead body of his niece in his jacket and buries her.  This must have been too much for the censor's to handle.<br />Anyone else  remember this scene?
B0000062Y2|5.0|I am 25 years old, and i still remember holding the booklet for this thing and wondering about how they managed to take Jesus pics if there weren't  any cameras at that time. Ted Neeley was Jesus to me. The movie is just one  of the best musicals out there, it's got strenght and beauty, sadness and  joy. This record is the BEST JCS recording there is.  &quot;Gethsemane&quot;, &quot;The Last Supper&quot;, &quot;Heaven On Their  Minds&quot;, &quot;Could We Start Again?&quot; and &quot;I Don't Know How  To Love Him&quot; are true masterpieces. This is the way i see Jesus, as a  human being as in Last Temptation Of Christ, and this recording is so full  of passion it will bring tears to your eyes and shake you like few things  out there. I know most people from my generation don't give a damn about  this sort of thing, most think KoRn or Slipknot are the only music out  there. When Antichrist Superstar came out, i knew Manson was not an idiot,  he took a great icon in modern music and used it in his own interpretation.  Listen to this thing. Give it a try, it's really moving.
0783226063|4.0|The first thing you should do before you watch this movie is read the book. Its not a recommendation, its a pre-requisite! I saw this movie a  while back before I'd read the book, and hated it. 2 weeks ago I finished  reading the book (best ever!) then I watched the movie again, and  absolutley loved it! Every minute of it! The book fills in all the gaps in  the movie (that obviously cant include everything from the book).The only  thing that lets it down are the dated special effects, otherwise its a  brilliant effort at bringing a huge book down to 2 (odd) hours. 'On ya  Lynchie!
B000006045|5.0|This heavy, gloomy and dense CD is IMHO completely orthogonal to   everything M.A. has produced so far, and that's probably why I was so  stunned that it was _their_ music that froze me on the spot when I heard it  as background in a music shop! It has also become one of my favourite gifts  to people I know are open minded enough to find the great musicality behind  the &quot;techno&quot; aspect of it. <br />This is a GREAT album and I don't  see how they could have done it better. Maybe they will stay in this mood  for a while and give us some more of this for it seems that they have found  a new musical vein that could provide even more gems.
B00003CXCS|5.0|Got the 2-disc DVD yesterday (8/29/00 - the official release date) and immediately popped disc 1 (which has the movie; disc 2 has interviews,  etc.) into my computer's DVD player. It first installs a program  (PCFriendly DVD); with this loaded, you can watch the movie or do other  things such as go to associated web sites created/sponsored by Fox. I  clicked on a few links and, while they worked OK, I was frankly a bit  disgusted by the commercialization (pop-up ads, cartoons, etc.) This was a  distraction. Anyway, I then played the movie and was immediately immersed  in intense nostalgia (I had first watched the movie decades ago when I was  a teenager). The movie is truly timeless! Julie Andrews is charming &amp;  graceful, and stands head and shoulders above all other performers. Both  the sound and picture quality are good; there are no scratches on the  images or distortions in the sound to indicate the age of the movie, though  the colors appear a bit faded in some of the scenes. The movie played  somewhat jerkily on more-than-adequately-powerful computer, for unknown  reasons. The web links are a nice feature, notwithtanding the irritating   attempt at commercialization by the MBA-toting big wigs at Fox. So inspite  of these shortcomings, I remind myself that ultimately its the movie that  counts for the rating and so I give it the maximum 5 stars. The movie is  timeless and ageless in its appeal. (Wipes tear from eye) I hope to watch  it in the future with my grandchildren in my lap.
6300182452|5.0|When it starts it seems like an ordinary Eastwood-Western, but once you get into it you know something is going on behind what you're seeing. Who  is he? What does he truly want? Even if you're looking for an ordinary  western you won't be disappointed. But don't expect the same tough-guy  character from the &quot;Man with No Name&quot; triology. It's a completely  different movie(for the better).
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney sure has matured! In her 2nd CD, she dooesn't have that baby voice like she did on her 1st CD. After hearing 'Lucky' for the first time on the  radio, I knew I had to get the CD so on the same day, I went and bought it.  There are other GREAT songs on it too like 'Stronger' and 'What U See (Is  What U Get'. But my fave song is 'Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know'. This  CD is way better than her '...Baby One More Time' CD. Way better.
B00002SSRZ|4.0|The music on this album is incredible, and it is definately a must-have  for anyone with 5.1 home theater. HOWEVER, my DTS amp would not switch into  5.1 mode to play the CD.  My DVD player indicated a 5.1 optical signal  output, but the amp would only process this signal in analog Dolby  Surround.  This is the only DTS music CD I have, so I can't compare this  problem to anything else.  Again, the music is awesome, and Santana is the  greatest, but when I saw the DTS 5.1 plastered all over the CD jacket I  expected my DTS hardware to fully process the signal. The bass seems a  little restricted, and I can only attribute it to my processing  difficulties.
0316777722|5.0|There aren't many writers who can force me to laugh out loud, but David  Sedaris can--and did. Before reading Me Talk Pretty One Day, I knew Sedaris  only through his semiregular commentaries on NPR's This American Life. Now  I can't wait to read the rest of his books.<br />Sedaris's writing style is  utterly unique, and his ability to summon thoughts and feelings from days  long gone make him a wonderfully vivid storyteller. I don't know a single  person like him--let's just say his background is not that of the  &quot;typical&quot; American--which is one of the reasons why I found his  essays such a pleasure to read.<br />The first half of the book was great, but  the second half, chronicling Sedaris's experiences living in France, was my  favorite--especially a brilliant essay on how an American abroad views  other Americans.<br />I'd say more, but I went to the library yesterday and  have two other Sedaris books waiting for my attention.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|\\"Last of the Mohicans\\" is this reviewer's choice as the best film of the last decade.  Director Michael Mann, known for such films as  \\"Thief\\", \\"Manhunter\\" (from Thomas Harris' first  'Hannibal Lecter' book, \\"Red Dragon\\"), \\"Heat\\", and  \\"The Insider\\", has crafted a masterpiece with  \\"Mohicans\\".<br /><br />Filled with lush cinematography, epic  story-telling, realistic and brutal depictions of war, and old-fashioned  romance, this film has something for every film lover.  \\"Last of the  Mohicans\\"  captures the plight of people unwillingly caught up in  England and France's desperate struggle for the North American continent  during the so-called French/Indian Wars of the 1750s.  And Michael Mann is  no fuddy-duddy; his version of this story pours out with a fluidity and  intensity that James Fennimore Cooper's book simply doesn't emit.<br /><br />Daniel  Day-Lewis stars as Hawkeye, a white man raised since infancy in the  frontier forests by his Mohican father, Chingachgook (played brilliantly by  Russell Means); together with his half-brother, Uncas (Eric Schweig), they  seek merely to survive, along with their fellow frontiersmen and tribes of  upper New York state and Canada.  Forced by circumstance as  unwilling  guides to the supercilious English Major Heyward (Stephen Waddington) and  the daughters of Colonel Munro, the estimable Cora (Madeleine Stowe) and  timid Alice (Johdi May), the three find themselves trapped in besieged Ft.  William Henry.  The tragic events that would follow the fort's capitulation  are justly infamous, and would forever stain the memory of the otherwise  revered French General Montcalm.<br /><br />Mann's brilliance is that he tells the  story of nearly all participants with equal grace and clarity.  For  example, the  film's chief nemesis, Magua (indeliby played by Wes Studi), has been called by one reviewer \\"filmdom's most malevolent bad guy  since Frankenstein's monster\\", but Mann is careful to illustrate why  Magua hates as fiercely as he does.  Maurice Roeves and Patrice Chereau are  excellent as the equally doomed Colonel Munro and General Montcalm.  Even the obnoxious Heyward redeems himself with an act of selfless courage that is stunning.<br /><br />Mann's battle scenes are spectacular - shot in real time  without any of the distracting stop-action director tricks or camera swirls recently seen in \\"Gladiator\\" or \\"The Patriot\\".  They are for this very reason far more heart-wrenchingly brutal and intense than  most modern directors have the courage to present.  (The only recent films  which compare are \\"Private Ryan\\" and Mel Gibson's  \\"Braveheart\\".)  And precisely because Mann has showed us such  violent struggle, it matters when Hawkeye implores Cora to \\"Stay  alive, no matter what occurs!  I will find you!\\"<br /><br />Lastly, \\"Last  of the Mohicans\\" features one of the best  extended scenes ever  committed to film: a nearly wordless, ten minute chase and death struggle across the region's beautiful but terrifying cliffs.  Magua may be one malevolent guy, but Russell Mean's Chingachgook is equally capable in the art of war and survival.<br /><br />Director Michael Mann's achievement rests on his rare ability to tell a compelling story, an eye for brilliant cinematography (which nearly by itself illustrates why these people fought as hard as they did), fully realized characterization, a romantic soul, and  an excellent cast.  Truly, Michael Mann's masterpiece!eves and Patrice Chereau are  excellent as the equally doomed Colonel Munro and General Montcalm.  Even the obnoxious Heyward redeems himself with an act of selfless courage that is stunning.      Mann's battle scenes are spectacular - shot in real time  without any of the distracting stop-action director tricks or camera swirls recently seen in \\"Gladiator\\" or \\"The Patriot\\".  They are for this very reason far more heart-wrenchingly brutal and intense than  most modern directors have the courage to present.  (The only recent films  which compare are \\"Private Ryan\\" and Mel Gibson's  \\"Braveheart\\".)  And precisely because Mann has showed us such  violent struggle, it matters when Hawkeye implores Cora to \\"Stay  alive, no matter what occurs!  I will find you!\\"    Lastly, \\"Last  of the Mohicans\\" features one of the best  extended scenes ever  committed to film: a nearly wordless, ten minute chase and death struggle across the region's beautiful but terrifying cliffs.  Magua may be one malevolent guy, but Russell Mean's Chingachgook is equally capable in the art of war and survival.    Director Michael Mann's achievement rests on his rare ability to tell a compelling story, an eye for brilliant cinematography (which nearly by itself illustrates why these people fought as hard as they did), fully realized characterization, a romantic soul, and  an excellent cast.  Truly, Michael Mann's masterpiece!
630587493X|5.0|I borrowed this DVD from my local library because I wasn't sure if it was my sort of film.  I am so used to science fiction being aimed at a juvenile  or young adult audience I was somewhat wary about purchasing it.  However  my fears were totally unfounded.  &quot;Bicentennial Man&quot; is a great  film despite the panning it got from the critics.  Robin Williams is great  as the robot Andrew bought in the year 2005 by a wealthy all American  Family as a &quot;household appliance&quot;.  The story follows his  relationship with the family over the years, especially Little Miss, the  youngest member of the Martin family.  Andrew is a robot with a quirk.  He  has the ability to feel emotions, and because of this has the ability to  expand beyond his original programming.  Not everyone is pleased about  Andrew's abilities especially the Robotics Company that created him but  with the aid of Sir Martin played excellently by Sam Neill Andrew becomes  an individual.  Throughout all of this Little Miss is there, and robot and  child forge a strong bond, so strong in fact that Little Miss actually  falls in love with him when she grows up unbeknown to Andrew.  We follow  Andrew through many learning experiences, with the grown up Little Miss at  his side he acquires a bank account for all the money he earns, and then  through his desire to be free, not owned by anyone, to the day he leaves to  try and find his own kind in the world.  Throughout the film Andrew has one  desire, to be human, first through his ability to feel, then to show them  through facial expressions, then with the help of Rupert Burns, played to  perfection by Oliver Platt, a human appearance that will make him human  looking.  The film moves slowly, Robin Williams gives a convincing  performance as the robot who wants humanity with all its trappings.  From  external to internal, he sets about achieving his goal, aided by Rupert and  then the granddaughter of Little Miss, Portia who he falls in love with and  who eventually becomes his partner.  The film shows the prejudices that  Andrew encounters, even within the Martin family; Portia's father hates him  as did, the original Little Miss' older sister.  This is not an action  packed science fiction film, rather it is thought provoking, deliciously  funny in parts, just watch Williams with the female robot Galatea played  wonderfully by Kiersten Warren (watch this girl she's going places!) and  you will know what I mean.  The ending is poignant and moving, especially  because you know that Andrew could have lived forever but choose mortality  because he did not want to live without his human consort Portia.  There is  a wonderful little twist at the end which left me smiling, so all in all  this is a wonderful film, aimed I think mainly at an adult audience but the  more mature teenager will probably appreciate it, so go out and borrow or  buy it, it's well worth it.h and  who eventually becomes his partner.  The film shows the prejudices that  Andrew encounters, even within the Martin family; Portia's father hates him  as did, the original Little Miss' older sister.  This is not an action  packed science fiction film, rather it is thought provoking, deliciously  funny in parts, just watch Williams with the female robot Galatea played  wonderfully by Kiersten Warren (watch this girl she's going places!) and  you will know what I mean.  The ending is poignant and moving, especially  because you know that Andrew could have lived forever but choose mortality  because he did not want to live without his human consort Portia.  There is  a wonderful little twist at the end which left me smiling, so all in all  this is a wonderful film, aimed I think mainly at an adult audience but the  more mature teenager will probably appreciate it, so go out and borrow or  buy it, it's well worth it.
0788811355|2.0|The English Patient is a vastly over-rated movie, filled with unmemorable characters and a slow, plodding story that builds nowhere.  The problem is,  the academy showered this film with oscars, as they often do with  technically excellent, but substantively lacking films.  Don't be  fooled...The English Patient is simply not a very interesting movie.
6305013578|1.0|I feel sorry for the more unsuspecting people that work for Madacy Entertainment! This is a company that besmirched its own reputation by  releasing the WORST quality prints of classic films, and yet they're still  pressing on! BTW, I heard a rumor (let's just say a little birdy told me)  that quite possibly (but PLEASE don't quote me) Criterion or some reputable  company might release THEIR version of METROPOLIS on DVD. If there's any  justice from the movie gods, we could use it now!
B000002BUY|4.0|A lot of people seem to catagorise Incubus with bands like Korn and their many soundalikes. However, this simply isn't the case. This is one of the  most varied, and most enjoyable CD's I've heard yet.<br />While a lot of  modern rock/metal bands seem content with just getting their heads down and  churning out riff after riff, and complaining about screwed up they are,  Incubus seem to constantly be challenging themselves both musically and  lyrically. Every song is meticulously realised, and yet S.C.I.E.N.C.E  retains a loose, energetic, and overall, funky feel throughout.<br />What must  be said about Incubus is that all the musicians are really really great,  including some of the best vocals I've heard from Brandon Boyd, and the  best bassist I've heard since Flea (Dirk Lance).<br />Redefine is a great way  to open a CD, with a great, bouncy riff and a superb bass/drums/turntables  breakdown in the middle. Vitamin follows in a similar vein, with a spoken  verse opening into a great chorus.<br />New Skin is one of the best songs  Incubus have ever produced (high praise indeed) with an excellent riff that  you just can't get out of your head. Idiot Box is pretty funky, with a  great bassline and vocals. Glass is very experimental and has a good  chorus.<br />Magic medicine is an instrumental drum&amp;bass track with DJ  Lyfe providing lots of weird samples to colour the music. A Certain Shade  Of Green is a firm live favourite with a really cool riff that just makes  you want to get up and jump around. Favorite Things is really cool with a  great riff and some great vocals.<br />Summer Romance is one of my favourite  tracks with a really cool, awesomely funky bassline, great guitar and  exceptional vocals from Brandon. There's also a cool sax solo. Nebula is  one of the most experimental tracks with a weird off-kilter rythm, plenty  of percussion and even some samples of what sounds like a drill! It has one  of the heaviest choruses on the album. Deep Inside hassome great vocals  from Brandon, more funky bass and a killer tune.<br />Calgone is pretty heavy,  and again very experimental, with lyrics about being abducted and probed by  aliens among other things. There's also a secret track which is basically  the band just screwing around with loads of weird samples and stuff. Like  the rest of this album, it's really good fun.
6304057709|5.0|Economically, this is probably the wisest video purchase I ever made, as every couple of months I will pop this film into the VCR. I never seem to  tire of it.<br />Perhaps it's a bit odd that I adore this film so much; at  first glance, it seems far removed from my own life. If I ever consider  abject poverty to be living in a grand stone house in the countryside, then  I am a very lucky woman indeed. Social niceties that make demands on my  behavior are more along the lines of filling up everyone's margarita glass  rather than curtseying upon entering a drawing room.<br />However, the major  themes of the film are timeless indeed. Sometimes, money is still a  deterrent to love and love is still a game. The fact that societal and  familial constraints, not to mention scheming underlings, can keep true  lovers apart is still an atrocity. <br />Moreover, Jane Austen lamented the  limitations placed upon women in her time and wrote passionately of women  coping within these confines. Elinor quietly laments her inability to  choose a profession while Marianne learns that too passionate a temper does  not benefit a lady. Young Margaret is an extreme example of a young girl  not yet jaded by the desperate urge to marry well. She longs for travel,  her prized possession is her atlas, her eyes sparkle when Colonel Brandon  speaks of the East Indies. It is sad to consider that Margaret will have a  hard time pursing her dreams in a world with few female ship captains. <br />A  hint: if any women are having difficulty recommending this film to members  of the male persuasion, tell `em Alan Rickman plays a pivotal role. True,  his lovestruck Colonel Brandon is a far cry from the fantastic villains he  portrayed in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves and Die Hard, but this amazing  actor is still a huge draw. ;)
B00000JZC4|5.0|I purchased this album after hearing the song Cancer on a sampler CD prior to its' release. I liked that song a lot, but wasn't prepared for what I found when I listened to the whole of this album.<br />From the gentle,  swelling intro of Sand you know this going to be something special. The  first real song on here is the thundering Welcome To The Fold. A huge  monster of a track that explodes into life as if from no-where. Six  minutes+ of huge rumbling bass, massive riffs and huge choruses, not  without it's fair share of hooks. <br />This is followed by the punkier  stylings of Captain Bligh, and the awesome industrial clatter of It's Gonna  Kill Me. Both are great tracks, but from here on the record diversifies  greatly.<br />The Best Things follows, again an industrial/more electronic  style of song with an opening that could be Depeche Mode. This builds into  another massive beast of a song, with more and more layers of sound being  added as it progresses. It finishes on a muffled note, and then the album  is reborn as a thing of great beauty. <br />The hit single Take A Picture  begins with its tabla rythms, and affecting singing. Skinny is up next,  possibly my favourite song, along with It's Gonna Kill Me. This song starts  of small with a nice guitar melody, until it rockets off into the  stratosphere at the chorus. I Will Lead You is an almost metal song with  the ever present pop and industrial elements.<br />Cancer gets better every  time I listen to it. A great bassline and a threating, whispered vocal that  promises the end of all humanity. The final two songs, I'm Not The Only  One, and Miss Blue document Richard Patrick's breakup with his girlfriend  and his feelings about her infidelity. You can almost hear his voice  cracking with emotion here.<br />All in all A very well rounded album, with  songs that become firm favourites from the very first time you hear them,  and just keep getting better.END
0671034065|5.0|If I could, I would give it 10 stars. No, wait, more than that. But then, things might get a little out of hand at Amazon.com. This has got to be THE  best romance thriller I read this year. It was so entertaining, I was  squealing, giggling, snickering and laughing out loud by myself! I was in  love by the time Sam Donavan in natural glory walked into Jaine's kitchen  view and fell even deeper for him then on! Sam is modern day Mr. Darcy...  just much more brawnier and tougher... and more confident, arrogant and  much more sexy! Of course, he does wear a police badge and tote a mean  looking gun. And this one sexy detective met his match with Jaine Bright...  his neighbor who just moved next door to him. A spunky and intelligent  woman who is trying to cut down on using fowl language! Who loves powerful  cars and speed as much as Jeff Gordon does. A modern Elizabeth Bennet,  maybe?  Definitely a woman who can hold her own! I love this heroine!  I  also adored all the secondary women featured in the story. Sam &amp; Jaine  create enough electricity and energy to power up a nuclear power plant...  and as a result they burn up the pages! Their verbal exchanges are funny  and witty and I loved every converation between them. <br />Of course, there  is a serial killer after Jaine and her three friends... because of their  list of requirements for a Mr. Perfect. What started out as harmless fun is  getting Jaine's friends killed! I also enjoyed this thriller portion of the  plot, it added plenty of excitement and suspense! Linda Howard knows how to  mix enough of romance and suspense to keep the story moving! This is one of  those books I could read over and over again and at 3 AM!
B000000JO3|5.0|The first time i listened to Minor Threat, frankly, I didn't like it.  The  music was too fast and it was devoid of any melody(that i heard at the  time).  Ian's vocals were screamed so fast and unintelligibly, that it  turned me off at first.  At the time I was listening to Rancid, The Clash,  and The Sex Pistols.  I bought the Blue Minor Threat tape, thinking it  would be along those lines.  It wasn't.  But there was something infectious  about the music that kept me coming back for more.  I didn't know what  straight edge meant at the time,(i thought it was some reference to  cocaine) and I wan't sure what the hell Ian was talking about.  Then I  started analyzing the lyrics.  They cut with such razor sharp poingancy and  heartfelt honesty that the music started to make my stomach churn.  I  finally got it.  This music blew away my old punk records.  Minor Threat  presented rage in an honest and beautiful way, whereas the Sex Pistols were   just out to shock people.  Musically these guys were tighter than 95  percent of the hardcore bands of their day, and the music stands up.  Ian's  lyrics stand as some of the best, dare I say it, &quot;rock&quot; lyrics of  all time.  I can only imagine how revolutionary this band must have been  when they came out, both musically and politically.  All I know is that I  can still put this record on in my room and roll around like an idiot, get  all sweaty, and sing along, and love every second of it.  This record  transcends punk, hardcore, or any B.S. label like that.  This music is  timeless, and it WILL live forever, albeit, a little Out of Step...
B00004SCX6|5.0|Yes... she has done it again. Britney Spears has unveiled her second record and it's a smash.<br />I must admit, I am 23 years old... yes, I admit  I am huge Britney fan. Although I may be biased, all you have her as a  guilty pleasure! You can't tell me that when a Britney song comes on the  radio, you don't smile and dance to the music!<br />This CD will give you that  and more. From her title track to the cover of &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; to  the fun &quot;Lucky&quot; star, you will enjoy the CD. <br />In the words of a  man on the street, Britney 4-eva!
B000002LKF|5.0|I listen to this more often than Graceland. Great all the way thru. Not a  weak song on the whole disc. On my list of the Top 10 discs of the 90s.
B00004U9MS|4.0|It's unimaginative (and franky inaccurate) to compare Coldplay to  Radiohead.  Sure, they're both from England, they both play guitars, and  have great, passionate singers, but all comparisons should end at this  superficial level.  For, whereas the latter band (whose lyrical credo is  &quot;don't get sentimental/it always ends up drivel&quot;) cloaks its  treatises on millenial angst and hopelessness at the hands of technology in  a dense mileu of processed guitars, cut-up beats, and icy analogue synths,  the latter offers a decidedly earthier proposition.  On  &quot;Parachutes&quot; acoustic guitars coexist tranquilly with  understated, chiming electric guitar flourishes.  Guitar effects and  treatments are nonexistant.  And there's nary a synthesizer to be found on  the entire record!  Instead, the occasional piano line augments the songs'  straightforward guitar-bass-drums arrangements.  So far, so indie--i.e.  banal, boring, gutless, etc.  Yet despite the traditional nature of the  arrangements, the songs propel themselves nicely, even soulfully, with an  effortless flow that no amount of studio wizardry can generate.  These  songs have no need to hide behind frippery and their young progenitors know  it.  <br />Oh, and that VOICE...  It instantly switches gears from slight  raspiness to mellifluous croon and back again.  But it's not just a  vacuous, pretty sound.  Chris Martin's vocals are replete with feeling.   There's a resigned weariness and a feeling of tender hurt embedded in his  vocal phrasings that simply cannot be found in 99% of English indie-pop  offerings.  So when Martin intones &quot;I'll always be waiting for  you&quot; on &quot;Shiver&quot; the listener doesn't get the sense that  this is the &quot;sentimental drivel&quot; decried by Thom Yorke, but  rather the sincere declaration of one who feels deeply.  Later, on  album-closer &quot;Everything's not lost&quot;, Martin's repeated  incantations of the song's title, punctuated with exultant shouts of  &quot;come on, yeah!&quot; and &quot;sing out, yeah!&quot; transports the  music to an uplifting, redemptive apex.  Rare indeed is the band that can  rise abouve the banality of straightforward indie-pop with its inherent  mediocrity, but here Coldplay succeeds--triumphs, even--in employing a  genre that many would call tired, and infusing it with real emotional depth  while skillfully avoiding sappy sentiment.
B00004YA66|5.0|A mix between back to the future, contact and the new fashion of the serial killers films...difficult combination but....they succed. You have  all in one film!
B0000028M7|5.0|Alice in Chains couldn't even make a haooy song if they tried. Too concerned about heroin, too jaded, too smart... the sound was too together,  almost like every instument and the singers only had one melodic line....  and the result was one of the most blistering albums that has ever been put  together.<br />To lump them with 'grunge': a movement that would somehow lump  the seventish rocking of Pearl Jam and Soundgarden with the psuedo-punk of  Nirvana and this whole warped bitterness is a pretty big injustice. And  that they've kind of slipped from the mainstream consciousness is almost  more of one. For people who were into it, this HAD to be one of the most  important records of one of the most important bands of the decade: once  you got them into your system, like smack, there was no way to get it  out....
B0000025DV|3.0|During my first heady days of childhood pop music exploration, ELO became my first obsessive interest after completing my primary education through  the Beatles' music.  Like so many of my adolescent pop tastes, I ultimately  outgrew ELO, and most of my adult collection is classical or jazz, with  only a few pop acts standing the test of time and avoiding the &quot;What  was I thinking?&quot; reaction.  Only recently have I returned to some of  that stuff and been able to feel that some of it, even with its excesses  and flaws, wasn't so bad after all.<br />I'm reviewing this particular ELO  album because this is the one where I apparently diverge from the consensus  opinion.  With the others I have little to add.  I agree that No Answer and  ELO II show ELO in an inchoate, rough state (though I happen to really like  No Answer.)  I also agree with the reviews that find that Eldorado is the  best of their middle-period albums that were midway between the art-rock  they were coming from, and the pop that they moved to with albums like A  New World Record.  (I suspect that I like Eldorado better than most; as a  kid, it was my favorite of the whole catalogue.)  A New World Record seems  to draw contrasting opinions, and I'm on the side that finds it an  impressive bit of pop music styling.  <br />But most everything I read from  ELO fans suggests that Out of the Blue is one of ELO's finest albums.  In  my eyes, it isn't.  It was the album that tested my patience and suggested  that ELO was getting more trite and poppish than I could stomach.  After  Discovery confirmed the point, I was off of the ELO bandwagon for  good.<br />One thing that ELO can fairly be accused of is excess in various  forms throughout their career.  ELO II had songs that were too godawful  long, and lyrics that were pretentiously apocalyptic.  Certainly Eldorado's  &quot;symphony&quot; format might be considered an overdoing of their  &quot;orchestra&quot; pretense (but in my eyes, it's done with so much  skill, and sufficient whimsy, that it's still a fine product.) And when  they went pop, they *really* went pop -- infectious refrains,  nonsense-syllable lyrics, disco beats and expensive synth-string  instrumentation.<br />Just to probe one symptom of this latter phase that is  on excessive display on OOTB:  the prominence of the falsetto voice, which  isn't really present on the albums up through Eldorado, but which begins to  appear on Face the Music, is used more prominently on A New World Record,  and is all over OOTB.  If you find it irritating, as I often do, there's  just no mitigating it or escaping it.  It's almost as though ELO is  determined to exaggerate if not parody a certain form of vocal silliness.   From Sweet Talkin' Woman, for example:  Lynne (normal voice): &quot;I was  thinkin' -- (background falsetto, an octave higher): &quot;thinkin'! &quot;  -- &quot;'bout. . . &quot;  Or in the chorus: &quot;You've gotta slo-ow  down&quot; -- (then low bass voice) -- &quot;slow down!&quot;) -- then  later. . . &quot;You've got me runnin'&quot; -- then  in falsetto,  &quot;(run, run!&quot;) -- etc, etc.  That's one of the more extreme  examples, but several of the pieces on the album are guilty of this.   &quot;Turn to Stone&quot; was also a fairly big hit but I find its chorus  to be similarly trite in a way that is accentuated rather than ameliorated  by the serious-sounding string accompaniment.  I find that I'm embarrassed  by the thought of spinning this record for anyone who is 5 years or more  younger than I am, because if they weren't acclimated to that peculiar  style of 1970s giddiness, I would imagine that they would find this more  irritating and vapid than anything else.<br />That sounds harsh, and I don't  mean to detract from Jeff Lynne's acknowledged gifts for melody as well as  for combining disparate types of musical aesthetics into a smooth coherent  whole.  He manages to use &quot;classical&quot;-sounding strings in pop  musicin a way that doesn't sound like as pretentiously somber as, say, the  Moody Blues, or Emerson Lake and Palmer.  This is genuine pop music,  straightforwardly catchy, and Lynne was as skilled as anyone had ever been  mixing his symphonic arrangements in with his electric instruments.  But  for me, it became much less pleasant to listen to when it became combined  with the rapid-fire falsetto silliness that began to appear extensively in  ELO's music by mid-decade.  <br />On a positive note, I will say that the  album represents the most delightful form of 1970s excess when it comes to  the album art.  The futuristic, colorful, slick sci-fi pictures, the ELO  &quot;spaceship,&quot; sturdy and colorful album liner/lyric sheets, was a  great part of the &quot;toy&quot; that an album used to be, and which I  miss greatly.
0767802659|4.0|In my travels through some of the world's better universities, this movie actually was mentioned in lectures twice. The first time I head of it was  in the U.S. when one of my professors called it a &quot;Nazi movie&quot;  and said that the only thing he could really do was identify with the bugs,  that they were &quot;so cute with their little pincers...&quot; The second  time was in an ethics course in Britain when it was to be watched as a  study on militarism. <br />And strangely, it sufficed in this role. This is  one haunting movie. The human race gets all bent out of shape about  fighting bugs.... society becomes warped because of an outside threat....  Obviously, this movie speaks on oh-so-many-levels, which is really  something for a movie about a bunch of twentysomethings leaving off to  fight bugs.....<br />I love this movie (though, for my little Buddhist  professor, it is a Nazi movie...) because it is so deep for something so  shallow. And fun to watch....
0800196767|5.0|This is a movie for everyone, not just for children.  It was very well acted.  The mean characters were REALLY NASTY and the nice ones were very  sweet.  Who could be more villainous than Ms. Trenchbull, self absorbed as  Matilda's family, and kinder than Miss Honey.  Thanks.
B0000067L2|4.0|Sixty-seven was a blessed year for rock hounds. With the Beatles' Sgt.  Pepper's, Hendrix's Are You Experienced and Axis: Bold As Love, and Cream's  Disraeli Gears; rock &amp; roll candy rained from heaven. Every  self-respecting band had to have their own soaked-in-psychedelia Sgt.  Pepper's, and Cream laid claim to Disraeli Gears. Disraeli Gears is  essentially a blues-based album in a Pop format. The tracks are compact  with the longest weighing in at four-minutes: no ten-minute jams, no self-  indulgent \\"show off\\" guitar solos, and no \\"bore me to tears\\" drum solos.  There are three categorical 8 and 12 bar blues numbers (Strange Brew,  Outside Women Blues, Take It Back), and Jack Bruce's bass chords are always  modest but rigorous. The ten-note riff of `Sunshine Of Your Love' is  tattooed on my brain like the national anthem. `Tales Of Brave Ulysses' has  a gorgeous wah-wahed descending riff, and `SWLABR' is a driving rocker with  a scintillating distorted guitar line. Clapton's vocals are about as high  as they can go without breaking into falsetto: it's a gentle effeminate  \\"women tone\\" instrument. With Clapton doubling as lead and rhythm  guitarist, the music is still dense and rich.<br />Lyrics are secondary to the  instrumentals: a little too much dope leads to songs about trees (World Of  Pain), and `SWLABR\\" (She Walks Like A Bearded Rainbow) which is about as  coherent as Chinese arithmetic. Matters not - this isn't Another Side Of  Bob Dylan. One brief note concerning Monty Python's `Mother's Lament.'  Definitely a throw-away, but an entertaining sarcastic slap at High  English.
0451169514|5.0|Wow. That is the first word that comes to mind when you're finished reading this book. This, my friends, is a classic. I'm not going to sit  here and just tell you it's a good book over and over again. It IS a good  book. Whether you like the book or not, you can't deny that it is a killer  book.<br />Yes, there are some scenes that the book could have done without,  and the ending isn't the best. I'm not talking about the spider guy, I'm  talking about HOW the end was written (as well as most of the  book)...jumping back and forth between 1958 and 1985. Like, one minute  you're in 1985, and the book will suddenly jump back to 1958. A little  confusing at first, but you get used to it. <br />Now on to the good stuff.  Alot of people complain this book being &quot;over-bloated&quot; or  &quot;too long&quot;...but, answer this: Could you do any better? I think  not! I mean, I don't believe there is anyone on the face of the earth that  can make an 1000+ page book, and get all the praise the Steve has. I really  doubt it.<br />The characters in this book are the best I've read in a book.  Ever. Not even The Stands' characters come close. There is so much depth in  this book it's amazing. You really feel, and I mean REALLY feel every  emotion they do. I don't mean: &quot;The characters are lovable. They're  great!&quot; I mean, you REALLY relate to them. Even if you hate the  character, you REALLY feel what they feel. Simply amazing.<br />There is just  something in this book that makes it special. I can't describe it. It just  has this feeling to it...sometimes it makes you feel good and happy,  sometimes sad and depressed. It has THAT much depth that it actually can  change your mood in a second.<br />&quot;It&quot; is a great book...'nuff  said. Yes, it could have done without the kid sex scene, and the jumping  from 1958 to 1985, but one has got to be crazy to say this book is bad. Far  from it
B000002LQD|3.0|Like David Bowie, Lou Reed is a visionary and a pioneer. He doesn't work  within any particular style; quite the contrary, he creates \\"styles.\\" That  said, Reed has few influences, but many followers. Magic and Loss, like  many of Reed's albums, was a bit tough to digest when first released. His  work is seldom immediately accessible. The album reminds me of those \\"horse  pills\\" that my mom forced me to swallow when I was about ten years old: not  much fun going down, but the damn thing sure cured whatever was ailing me.  What's ailing Lou is the death of two close friends during a brief one year  period. Fourteen lyrically rich compositions with Lou attempting to make  some sense of death, and move on with life.<br />The album begins with a  dramatic instrumental (Dorita): thundering guitars of epic proportion. The  opening cut is misleading, because the remainder of the album is neither  thundering nor dramatic, but melancholy and depressing. The album reminds  me of beat poetry backed by a spare electric band. Lyrically compelling,  but musically benign. Several potent rockers can be found at the end of the  album (Warrior King, Gassed and Stoked, Power and Glory Part II).  Unfortunately, there are nine stagnant compositions between the dramatic  opening and the first sign of vitality (Warrior King). Even if the three  energetic numbers had been mixed among the cheerless tracks, the bleak  periods would still be too long for my tastes. For astute poetry, Magic and  Loss is a winner, but for rock fans, the album is pedestrian. I hear plenty  of \\"loss,\\" but little \\"magic.\\"
B0000062S0|2.0|LZ was enormously influential in the rock world. The most influential?  Maybe.<br />So it's odd to hear these songs, which echo many of the people who  imitated Led Zep.<br />A couple of them, you could swear, were written by Rush  or Chris Isaak. I can't hear any signs of musical progression -- this is  standard rock that would be good for an average band. For guys with their  pedigree, it's a disgrace.
B0000025PN|5.0|The 1955 recording was a virtuoso performance by a novice; on this version  made just before his death you will find the fuller vision of a mature  artist.  There is so much emotion poured into this highly formal music,  it's like watching a great actor who really knows how to underplay a scene,  with the slightest twinge of a facial muscle indicating powerful depths.  I  could listen to this all day.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I'm irked. I bought the T2 Special Edition laserdisc box set (used, but I still paid $75 for it) and now they come out with this. I almost didn't buy it because I had the box set, but I'm damned sure glad I did. This is quite simply the best DVD package that I've seen yet. I knew it was going to be different when I had to remove the stainless steel slipcover. I wasn't disappointed.<br />The interface is top notch - very slick, but doesn't hum at you (like some DVDs do) while you're making a selection. Lots of cool sounds when you change levels, though, and very good CGI imagery. The movie side of the double-sided disc has both the original version and the special edition director's cut. Instead of a long solo commentary from one person, disc supervisor Van Ling narrates and intersperses audio clips from 25 other people who worked on the film from Cameron to Schwarzenegger and the other primary actors, effects people, etc.<br />The other side contains three documentaries; the first on the making of the original version; the second on the deleted scenes; and the third on the making of the Universal Studios T2:3D stunt show. (Spoiler warning: if you haven't been to see T2:3D, then I suggest that you wait to watch this one.)<br />The other stuff on this side is what you can get on the laserdisc box set; fifty chapters of step-by-step pages, interviews, and background video clips on what it took to make the film. Added is a chapter on the T2:3D show and an insight into the making of a DVD.<br />I guess I'll keep the T2 laserdisc box, because after seeing this, no one is going to want to buy it when they can get this. Extremely well done on the part of all involved.
B000002LIM|4.0|But, this score just isn't AS good as the sales show.  Do not get me  wrong, I enjoy this score as much as the rest of you every time I listen to  it.  But, as a whole, the score just isn't in the league as some others.   The action cues are all incredible (The Batman Theme - Batman to the Rescue  - Charge of the Batmobile, Attack of the Batwing).  Even better than those,  though, are the dark, dramatic cues (Decent into Mystery - The Batcave -  Childhood Remembered).  But, unfortunately, there are so many goofy tracks.   While they are not bad, they do kind of get in the way of a good, serious  score.  The movie was fun, serious, and goofy all at the same time (and was  still awesome).  I just don't like to listen to goofy music by itself,  unfortunately.  Does this ruin the score? Absolutely not.  It is still a  great listen every now and then.  There ARE better scores out there,  though... By Elfman and other composers.
B00004TWZG|4.0|When given the chance to purchase an uncut version of The Professional, I jumped at the opportunity. This version goes in depth into the relationship  between Leon and Matilda. It is now very clear the mutual love between the  two. Maybe the editors thought the relationship was too much to go into in  America, however the cut scenes add depth and understanding to a very  awkward situation.<br />There are other included scenes that address the  professionalism of Leon. The inclusion of his training of Matilda make the  scene at the DEA building more clear.<br />In all the additional footage  clears up some misunderstandings and add depth to the film. I wish all  monumental films will come out with an uncut version. For the general  audiance a cut film usually progresses the plot at the cost of character  development. As far as this film and the hundreds of great films out there,  show me what the director see's, not necessarily what the editor wants me  to see.
0783117388|5.0|i currently do not have hbo, but am seriously considering getting it just to watch this show!  it is funny, engaging, real, smart and thoroughly  entertaining!   the story lines are true to life and not  sugar-coated...the cast is very believable!  if you haven't seen any  episodes, do so!  quickly!
6305537798|5.0|This is my favorite movie. Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles make an excellent couple. I've watched it so many times i have every line memorized. It's a  truly great movie!
0451452739|5.0|I recently saw the movie 2001 as interpreted through Stanley Kubrick's artsy fashion and was left thinking &quot;huh?&quot; So i decided the get  the book and boy what a great move. This book just keeps getting better and  better. The ending is unbelievable and after reading it you think about  what it all means. Definitely  buy it and get 2010 as well. If you really  like them pick up the other 2. They're pretty good reads.
B00003CWNR|3.0|The book was wonderful. The movie is average, and in several important aspects, does not follow the book at all - neither in the charcters nor the  events. On the other hand, The World According to Garp was a terrific book  - the movie followed it more faithfully, and it was an average movie. So,  the moral is - read the book. John Irving is a terrific storyteller.
6305127689|3.0|This should have been a great film after all it is directed byTony Scott, produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and has one of the best scores of the eighties, or indeed any other decade, composed as it is by Harold Faltermeyer (Beverly Hills Cop I &amp; II), not as some seem to think Giorgio Moroder.  However not even the dramatic flight sequences and terrific score can save this film overrun as it is with romance and sentimentality, which slows down the pace of the film unnecessarily.  Buy this DVD only for the improved sound quality.  Pity it doesn't contain more special features, such as isolated score...
630575067X|2.0|Let's not beat around the bush-- this was a bad movie. A very bad movie. It only makes things worse that this was the most anticipated film, well, ever. We waited 17 years and THIS is what we get?<br />Much was made of the fact that George Lucas hadn't directed a movie since Star Wars. It shows. If Lucas had been on the ball he would've fired the screenwriter, because the story and script are awful. Oh, that's right, Lucas wrote it, too. We begin to see the problem. <br />So what is The Phantom Menace about? Well, its about taxes. Its about a planet that doesn't want to pay what it thinks are too-high taxes. Now, this may be an acceptable subject for Bush and Gore to debate, but it seems an odd topic for Lucas to choose as the flashpoint for all that is to follow. Perhaps this is meant to be a civics lesson for the millions of politically uninvolved youngsters out there. Perhaps. <br />Anyway, it only takes about 3 minutes for the lightsabers to start waving around and no doubt the crowds went wild. Except that our fearless Jedi are fighting robots that are about as fearsome as a bunch of Furbies. Outnumbered 10 million to one our fearless Jedi make it to the planet's surface (exactly how is blessedly glossed over) and there Liam Neeson runs, literally, into one Jar Jar Binks. It is one of the momentous meetings in film history. Star Wars, perhaps the most revered (and profitable) story in the history of human creation is up against a character with the power to destroy it all. Like Lucifer himself, Jar Jar is an unholy creature. His pathetic attempts at comic relief, his unintelligable speech, the fact that a great actor like Neeson was forced to emote at empty air and then watched as it was filled by this abomination...it's beyond my abilities to describe how awful it all is. Did no one have the courage, the decency, to tell Lucas that this character was a horrible mistake? Cowards, all.<br />The other mind-blowing gaff Lucas makes is how he pretty much abandons what the whole Star Wars universe is based on, namely, the Force. If I recall correctly, Sir Alec Guinness describes the Force as a kind of New Agey cosmic energy emitted by all living things, a power that could be harnessed by those with the skill, training, wisdom, and patience to master it. Well, in this movie we find out the Force is actually a blood infection. The two Jedi analyze Anakin's blood &amp; find out that he has a high level of this microbes or something and that's why he's so good with the Force. How on earth the people closely associated with Star Wars let Lucas screw up the Force is beyond me. It's insane.<br />The story itself is pretty blah. The pod race was neat and two laps too long. The assault on the Naboo fortress was about as exciting as preseason NFL game and ridiculous to boot. The kid who plays Anakin is annoying, as almost all child actors are. When he finds himself trapped on an enemy battleship and surrounded by murderous killer droids, Anakin utters the memoroable line, &quot;This is NOT good.&quot; Ah, such scintillating dialogue.<br />Even the special effects are just kind of, ehhh. When &quot;Star Wars&quot; came out it was such a colossal hit because the special effects were light-years ahead of everything else. The opening scene, where the Star Destroyer is chasing Princess Leia's ship, was awesome, and I don't mean &quot;cool&quot;, I mean awe-inspiring. Incredible. Today, digital technology (much of it pioneered by Lucas's Industrial Light and Magic) have made special effects, well, less special. Pretty soon any filmmaker will have the ability to hire a couple of high school kids with Macintoshes who can put together digital effects that can do anything. The director will wish it, and POOF! It'll be on the screen. Films will no longer be differentiated by the neato effects, but on such forgotten elements as the director's vision, good acting, great scripts, and interesting stories. All of which were sadly lacking in The PhantomMenace
6305127689|3.0|This should have been a great film after all it is directed by Tony Scott, produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and has one of the best  scores of the eighties, or indeed any other decade, composed as it is by  Harold Faltermeyer (Beverly Hills Cop I &amp; II), not as some seem to  think Giorgio Moroder.  However not even the dramatic flight sequences and  terrific score can save this film overrun as it is with romance and  sentimentality, which slows down the pace of the film unnecessarily.  Buy  this DVD only for the improved sound quality.  Pity it doesn't contain more  special features, such as isolated score, let's hope future Paramount  releases imporve on this.
B000000FG8|5.0|Like many, I bought Operation Ivy souly because of the fact that it was  the pre-Rancid band of Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman. Similar vocals are  about the only Rancid-like aspect of this album. This album is pure  ska/punk fun. You wouldnt be able to tell how old it is by just listening  to it. Operation Ivy starts out strong, with the BIG 4 as I call them (the  first four tracks.) &quot;Knowledge&quot;, &quot;Sound System&quot;,  &quot;Jaded&quot; and &quot;Take Warning&quot; are great songs that you can  really sing-along to. Other great tunes are &quot;Gonna Find You&quot;  &quot;Officer&quot; and of course &quot;Unity&quot;. This album promotes  peace and an end to senseless violence without sounding wimpy, step aside  Bob Marley. If you like ANY kind of music today, buy Operation Ivy, or else  you dont know good music.
0515127485|4.0|Good airplane or beach reading, this thriller hangs on the premise that Stalin had a personal diary that no one ever read, and which has remained  hidden since his death. A U.S. historian/journalist in semi-disrepute is  invited to a conference about Stalin in Moscow where he is approached by an  old man with just such a wild tale. Everything proceeds to careen through 4  wild days from the &quot;new Russia&quot; of pricey Moscow bars and hookers  to the bleak forests of Archangel in the far north. It's a good ride,  imparting lots of useful factoids about Stalin and his current  appeal while delivering a solid Robert Ludlumish conspiracy thriller.
B00003W8NM|1.0|this movie was a horrible movie I usually like david fincher's movies very unbelieveable how can his imaginary character be driving a car with him siting in the passengers seat and people in the back seat just a all around dissapointing movie
B00003CXGG|4.0|As a long-time martial artist, I hope that we are not going to see a continuation of people running along the sides of walls and executing  impossible kicks while hanging in the air for several seconds at a time.<br />Jet Li's techniques by themselves are fast, explosive and fun to watch.  He has a screen presence that compels you to look at him, even when he is  just standing and talking.<br />Enough with the special effects martial arts;  let him do his thing without having him fly through the air. It was cool in  his first movie -- but it's getting old.
B000001ES4|5.0|I took this cd out on loan from my library with no idea what it would be  like. I found it to be very beautiful. I will be buying it for sure. Ill  also be looking for other music similar to it. White Stones has introduced  me to a whole new kind of music. So  haunting and emotional. When listening  to it your most romantic memories are stirred.
B00004TRD8|5.0|In the 90's, the only action movie apart from Die Hard was Terminator 2, required viewing for a generation of teens (Myself included). Now, almost a  decade later, the movie has finally been released on a format to do the  amazing effects justice. Many of these effects, such as the famous T-1000  truck scene are still unparallelled in modern movies. The DVD also adds in  a rather surprising commentary by Arnold Schwarzenegger, who was much more  thoughtful and intelligent than you would believe. James Cameron also  appears to give thoughtful pearls of advice.  However, what really shocked  me was the quality of the sound. This will replace Saving Private Ryan as  THE film to show off your sound system with.  Finally, if you've never seen  the movie, you'll be pleasantly surprised. Unlike many action movies, this  one has a plot, with Linda Hamilton giving an amazing performance as Sarah  Conner, in a mental institution since the first movie.  Excellent Stuff.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Bleah. I really don't know how the Amazon's reviewer can state slipknot (lowercase due) music is 'surprisingly melodic'. 1 star is really too much:  music is a *very* different thing. Please put your slipknots to good use  and disappear.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is a fantastic followup album by Savage Garden.  There isn't one song  I dislike and in fact I love most of them.  &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;  and &quot;I Don't Know You Anymore&quot; are two of the most beautiful  songs I have ever heard.  For the people who have never heard of Savage  Garden or disliked the first album, this is a must buy.  Darren's amazing  and unique vocal ability combined with the clever lyrics and catchy tunes  proves this album worthy and will turn anyone into a fan!!
B000002KET|5.0|Some have argued that the songs are not as heavy on this album as on the  previous four albums, be it because the riffs were not as sludgy or as  demonic, or because they added synthesizers and strings. Who cares about  that? Synthesizers can rock out too if you know how to use them, and Black  Sabbath found people who knew how to use them. Rick Wakeman (Yes)  compliments Tony Iommi's still powerful riffs, Bill Ward's thunderous  drumming, Geezer Butler's pounding bass, and Ozzy's howls brilliantly, and  the songs are excellent. The title track is a heavy metal masterpiece. That  guitar riff is brutal, and Ozzy's screams have never sounded better (he  can't even reach those high notes anymore, i.e. the live  &quot;Reunion&quot; album). &quot;A Spiral Architect,&quot; &quot;A  National Acrobat,&quot; and &quot;Killing Yourself to Live&quot; are great  examples of Sabbath's progression into new territory without sacrificing  their signature sound. The classic &quot;Sabbra Caddabra&quot; is also  another excellent example of Sabbath's blues roots coming out in their  music. The opening riff has been repeated by numerous musicians, not just  the ones who covered this song (hell it might be a standard blues riff that  Iommi copied himself, who knows). Either way, this album is every bit as  heavy as the first four. Perhaps not in terms of the sonic folly of  bludgeoning riffs, but certainly in Sabbath's underappreciated  musicianship. Their songs might seem simple to a common layman, but there  is some subtle genius to what they were doing. Listen to this album, and  hopefully you'll see what I mean.
B00004TH83|5.0|As I was sitting in a NYC Restaurant one night, this album was playing and  by the third song, I found myself tugging on a waiters arm trying to find  out who the artist was.  Most of the album includes powerful ballads with a  couple of upbeat tunes that keep you singing.  My favorites include the  mellow 'Part of Me' and the catchy 'Till I Get Over You' not to mention the  fantastic 'I will Love Again'. For anyone who likes vocal ability and  misses Celine Dion to some extent, this album is a must buy!
B000002NJS|5.0|This album conjures a flood of wonderful memories for me. On a car trip to Washington D.C. in March of 1999, my best friend Rebecca and I listened to  it about 50 times over the course of the weekend, and to this day I can't  hear &quot;Swim&quot; without seeing the smile on Becky's face as she  exclaimed &quot;I love this song!&quot; From the stunning, emotional  powerhouse of the opener &quot;Drowned World/Substitute For Love&quot; the  album entrances you and literally envelops you in it's beauty. William  Orbit manages to create brilliant, colorful and full soundscapes without  overcrowding the tracks and always making certain that Madonna's voice is  front and center in the mix.  Some critics may argue that this album is not  &quot;techno&quot; or &quot;Euro&quot; enough, but that would be quibbling.  This is obviously a very spiritual, personal and emotional release(in every  sense of the word) for Madonna, and her heartfelt delivery on these songs  is very telling. Is it me, or does she sound like she's near tears on  &quot;The Power Of Goodbye&quot;, &quot;To Have Not To Hold&quot; and, my  personal favorite, &quot;Little Star&quot;?  There's an air of sadness,  loss and ultimately, rebirth looming over this entire CD and you may find  it difficult to shake that feeling once you've heard it. But with music  this beautiful, why would you want to?
1878424319|5.0|Ruiz's simple words and gentle voice add up to one powerful message. It's  difficult to imagine that, so long ago, society was already hindering the  soul's progress, and it's amazing how these ancient lessons address so  accurately the frustrations of life today. Read this book, practice its  teachings, and learn to live a happier life.
0060977493|5.0|It amazes me that other reviewers said the novel was &quot;immature&quot;,  &quot;confusing&quot; and &quot;falsely arty&quot;. The prose is  wonderfully rich, neither false nor arty. It rings so true (as it should  since Roy is from Kerala where the story is located) that the historical  mix of childhood innocence and its loss, love (real and imagined),  political violence, social and cultural taboo, familial abuse, and '60s  nostalgia combine in almost surreal but ultimately logical (frighteningly  so) patterns. Roy's switching between present and past works sensibly as  people and events shaping the twins' thoughts and actions spiral closer and  closer around them until they actually eyewitness the violent murder of  their friend by the police and participate in the accidental death of their  cousin. It was not until the end of the novel that I came to realize that  The God of Small Things is only nominally about small things.  Although the  attention and allusion to small things is a constant and reliable theme  throughout the story, it is, in the end, about very big things. I do not  understand why some readers are put off by Roy's use of capital letters. I  thought the capital letters, Estha's (the boy twin) backwards reading and  other devises were extraordinarily effective in using childhood perception  to examine adult guile. There are so many incredible and memorable scenes  in the story -- the blue Plymouth stuck in the middle of a communist march,  the horrible OrangedrinkLemondrink man at the movie theatre, the airport,  the Kathakali dance -- that I'm certain I'll read the novel again which is  not something I usually do.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Well, the most phoney &quot;artist&quot; in overly phoney pop music business has managed to prove to the world how little talent she has.  Her  voice sounds like a cat with a shard of glass in it's apendix. The lyrics  are lame to a degree not seen since... well, scince her last album - not  that that's her fault because she's not talented enough to write her own  songs.  I give credit to the editors and mixers for trying to cover up her  voice with electronic effects, but it's not enough.  I could tell you not  to waste your money on this, but you will anyway.  It'll go multi-platinum.   Go ahead PROOVE ME WRONG - I dare you. Buy &quot;The Battle for Las  Angelas&quot; by Rage Against the Machine, or Hello Rockview&quot; by Less  Than Jake, or any albulm by any artist or band that writes their own  lyrics, plays their own instruments, and have an IQ greater than an orange.   I dare you.
B00003CX95|5.0|This is clearly one of the best dvd's I have purchased in along time. The Dolby Digital 5.1 is flawless. A great &quot;Making Of&quot; documentary is included. Spend the Money. Buy this DVD. It was well worth the wait.  END
B00004TRD8|5.0|I just bought this DVD yesterday (the day it was released), and I have to say that this DVD has it all. There is so much stuff on it, it will take  you hours to see it all (6 hours of content is what the label says). It  also includes a 32-page booklet and the DVD was enclosed in a metal cover,  very cool. <br />Anyway, one thing I was happy to see is that both Dolby  Digital and DTS sound tracks are included. Actually Dolby Digital EX, and  DTS ES, which I think are advanced formats.  I think that most DTS DVDs  don't include all the extras for some reason, so I haven't bought any yet.  Most surround sound fans are aware of the battle between the two formats,  as to which one has the best sound. Now you can hear it for yourself if you  have both Dolby and DTS decoders. I do and I must say I was most impressed  with the DTS version. But to be fair, I haven't watched the Dolby version  yet (That will be tonight).  If you do watch both versions, review here  which one you think is better.<br />The special edition version has added  scenes, which adds to the movie. For example: You get to see the first  terminator learn to smile. One of the interesting added scenes was of sarah  almost destroying the first terminator out of fear, by crushing his cpu  brain while they where reprogramming him to learn. Her son stopped her  of-course.<br />Buy this DVD. It is well worth the money. Especially if you're  an Arnold fan.
B000002ULO|5.0|Im sorry but my english isnt very good to say something about this Paul  McCartneys album...so I said in spanish... Desde los aos dorados no  escuchaba un lbum de Mac tan consistente...tal vez desde Band on The  Run...Con la colaboracin de Ringo, Jeff todos los dems se convienrte en  una maravilla. Lo mejor del lbum para m Flamming Pie, Calico  Skies...y...todas. Excelente disco
B000002KK8|5.0|I was lucky enough to be living in England just outside London in a little  town called West Ruislip just down the cobbled streets from the \\"T\\" station  near the famous \\"Orchards\\" pub when Dire Straits released their \\"Love Over  Gold\\" album in 1982, and the young English couple living in the flat  upstairs played it over and over, introducing me both to their good taste  in music and the terrific group called \\"Dire Straits\\" in the process. Of  course, as I think back upon it, I was familiar with their hit \\"Sultans Of  Swing\\", but never really paid much attention until hearing this terrific  album and Mark Knopfler's unbelievably stirring, crisp and innovative  guitar solos. Soon I was down at the music shoppe buying their other  albums, including \\"Communique'. By that time  I was familiar with their  unique and unforgettable sound and also their very introspective lyrics. I  came to love this album as much as \\"Love Over Gold\\", and several of the  cuts are my favorites.<br />Starting with the first cut, \\"Once Upon A Time In  The West\\", Knopfler's distinctive twanging guitar sound echoed in my flat  to all hours of the morning, along with \\"Where Do you Think You Are  Going?\\", \\"Communique\\", and \\"Lady Writer\\". My own personal favorites here  are \\"Angel Of Mercy\\" and &quot;Portobello Bella\\". In the short two years I  lived in Britain, Knopfler became a kind of institutionalized artistic  force everywhere one looked, writing soundtrack music for (among other  films) \\"Local Hero\\" and \\"Cal\\", performing both alone and with Dire Straits,  and collaborating with other artists, as well. The music here is very and  innovative progressive rock, and the electric guitar work literally sings  by itself.  When I listen to the album now, it is a source of continuing  amazement to me that Knopfler could make the sounds that emanated out of  that instrument so uniquely animated as it is. The whole band is terrific,  and it is sad that they made so few albums before internal frictions broke  them apart. Enjoy this and their other wonderful albums. Here in  \\"Communique\\" they make an indelible stamp on modern rock that I am sure you  will find entertaining and entrancing. Enjoy!roke  them apart. Enjoy this and their other wonderful albums. Here in  \\"Communique\\" they make an indelible stamp on modern rock that I am sure you  will find entertaining and entrancing. Enjoy!
B0000039LE|5.0|Except for The Exorcist (which I refuse to watch all the way through), this one is the one that will make you believe in the NRA -- although bullets don't seem to kill this bastard either!  I first saw this when cable was just coming out in NY, ( I was about 13 at the time).  My girlfriend and I was entertained through the whole film.  The music really gets your blood jumping because everytime you heard it, you knew Michael Myers was going to do something to somebody.  Although this movie revised the slasher movie, the one thing I have to say is that it isn't too gory.  This is the only slasher movie I could say that had a really good script attached with it.  If you can, read the book.  It gives a little more insight into Dr. Loomis' attempt to understand the psyche of Michael Myers.
B0000028UK|5.0|This album is better than their first and has just as many  &quot;hits&quot; if you know what i mean. It is one of those albums that  does not have a bad song on it. Though it lacks the glossy production of  ten it is heavier (in a more organic kind of way). If you don't own it  there's a gaping hole in your record collection.
0792837614|5.0|If you know the movie, enough said.
B000021XR5|4.0|number 4 has some of stp's best songs on it, but is nowhere near as  consistent as their previous work. That said, if you are a pilots fan it's  still a good buy
0792846303|5.0|I saw &quot;The Fog&quot; when it first hit the theaters, and I still watch it again and again on videotape. I liked the plot about ghostly  vengeance striking a coastal town. And I especially enjoyed seeing Adrienne  Barbeau fighting off those horrid phantoms way on top of the lighthouse.  Did you notice she never fell down while running in those high-heeled  boots? Ok, she did slip once. Naturally Jamie Lee Curtis and Janet Leigh  respectivly added their own special presences.<br />When I'd originally  watched &quot;The Fog,&quot; I saw it in Dolby Stereo which sharpened the  suspense the shocks---particularly in the last sequence where my heartbeat  seemed to match the thudding rhythm of the music. Yeah, there are flaws in  here. Example: I can understand having the ghosts pound on doors before  entering (makes your skin crawl), but couldn't get past their being  solid-looking in some scenes. Maybe I'm just splitting hairs.<br />Have to  also mention the fantastic fog effects by Richard Albain, Jr. I think he  created the smoke out of the bottle effects for the TV hit 'I Dream of  Jeannie.' The fog looked like a living, serpentine entity. All told this an  elegant ghost tale that definitely deserves a much wider and appreciative  audience.
B000003TAR|5.0|kurt cobain once said that the sound that steve albini is able to create  when recording a band was the closest thing to the sound in his head. No  wonder the guy was so f**ked up. Albini's &quot;production&quot; made  nirvana into the band that they should have been all along. In Utero has  the best nirvana songs on it, and is a welcome depature from the more  polished sound of nevermind. While all of the other nirvana albums are  undoubtedly good, this is the best. A casual listener might prefer  nevermind, but anyone with a clue knows that this is better.
B00004THAY|5.0|This CD was one of the wisest purchases I have ever made in my entire  life. If one looks for guitar in an album, look no farther for this is the  top of the line. If fans of either BB King or Eric Clapton want a great CD  this is a wise purchase.
B000002LK1|5.0|When it comes to music, very few albums resonate with me as well as  &quot;Violator&quot; has.  Its truly a masterpiece.  It captured a moment  in time for me, and whenever i play the CD it manages to take me back.  I  love it.<br />&quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; has to be one of the greatest  singles of ALL time.  The lyrical content is remarkably easy to relate to,  very touching.  The song's greatest assest though, is the fade-out at the  end, because it makes you wish that it would go on forever.<br />There are 8  other great songs on here, an album in the truest sense of the word, and  one of the best I have come across.  It is baffling that music such as this  (I never really found music with an electronic element to be all that  emotional), but it really is breathtaking.
B0000029GA|5.0|If your game is serious rhyme then you could never go wrong with this hip  hop essential.  Nas is a keystone in the building of hip hop.  His early  recordings stretched the boundaries of the art and then pushed it beyond.   I have deep respect for his music and applaud this albumn as a definate  must own.
B0000027I6|4.0|Waters at his cynical best.. Though there are flashes of brilliance,  musically I'd say this is nothing comparable to the classic Floyd stuff..  Worth giving it a try if you are a true Floyd fan..
B000002JST|5.0|You wanna rock,you wanna roll then let there be rock.One of the greatest  rock n roll album of all time.With Bon's incredible voice and Young  brothers guitar bites this album has the songs that are simply describes  what rock n roll is.Problem Child,Let There Be Rock,Bad Boy Boogie,Dog Eat  Dog,Hell Aint A Bad Place To Be are great songs.And of course all time  classic anthem that we are singing for over 20 years in shows &quot;Whole  Lotta Rosie&quot;.The song that is enough reason to buy this album.Let  There Be Rock!!!
0783113943|4.0|I thought this movie has a lot meaning to it and should teacheveryone to give stars a break sometimes. This is how life goes. There is no happily ever after in life. I thought this movie was written correctly becuase she had a hard life with drugs, her sexuality, and fame which are three very difficult things to deal with. Nt often do we get to see reality on TV and this is a good experience in reality becuase there are no lies about how her life was and to everyone who thinks she should have had a happy ending should go watch another movie. I get very sick of it always working out on TV and for it not to is a big step.
6305609691|5.0|What a great transfer of a fantastic and classic film.  Evertime I've ever watched this movie before (and it's been many times) I never really saw it.   This transfer is crystal clear and beautiful with only a little bit of  visual noise, but it simply looks amazing, especially for it's age--this  movie should only be viewed in widescreen!  The real triumph however is the  5.1 soundtrack--I've never heard one this well done.  The helicopters  circle one's head and move from sided to side, explosions happen three  hundred and sixty degrees around the viewer, the split surround is  monstrous.  The dialogue is crisp and clear, but doesn't always stay in the  front, it too travels around when the characters do, and the narration  (unlike in many other movies) is well-balanced, sharp and not overpowering.   And, of course, the music is unlike I've ever heard it--The Door's  &quot;The End&quot; just soaks through you, and also the transfer splits  the music into the back speakers while the sound effects remain in full  surround, creating a fully envolping sonic journey--a MASTERPIECE!   Apocalypse Now was more than any other movie, made for DVD, even if I  didn't love the movie (which I do), I would enjoy watching it in this  format.
0399143904|3.0|Normally, reading a novel by Tom Clancy has been fast-paced, exciting  reading for me. This book, however plods along through what I feel is a  rather simple, skimpy plot that has a lot of excess baggage draped all over  it. An analogy that comes to mind would be &quot;Literary  Obesity&quot;.<br />There are, indeed, moments when the storyline speeds along  like a runaway freight train, only to get bogged down in excessive detail  and unnecessary rambling, much like being shunted off to a side spur.  Trying to keep in mind all the various threads of the story as I continued  turning page after page (five days and counting, and I'm still not  finished, as of this review date) has been very tedious.<br />It surprises me  that Clancy's protagonists, with all the intelligence and security in place  that they supposedly have should be so thick-headed not to piece together  the puzzle of what is going on. They seem to be unable to connect the  terrorist incidents as part of the big picture; they do not suspect the  obvious; their lack of brain-power seems completely out of character for  the level of intelligence officials they purportedly are. Finally, when  revelations come, the information is not treated quite the way I would  assume the &quot;good guys&quot; would handle it.<br />I'm furiously reading  as fast as I can, merely to get to the final page, to say that I'm FINISHED  with this book. Clancy does a great disservice by foisting a book like this  upon his readers and fans. Rainbow Six is nothing like Hunt for Red  October, or Red Storm Rising, both of which were engaging and entertaining  to read from Page 1.<br />Quantity in this instance does NOT mean Quality. To  me, Rainbow Six reaffirms why I haven't read a Tom Clancy novel in a long  time. Every successive novel that revisits previously created characters  like Jack Ryan, John Clark, or Ding Chavez become less interesting to read,  even though I really like Clancy's character development.<br />If you MUSTread this book, don't pay good money for it. Check it out from the public  library.<br />Peace Out.
B0000042MY|5.0|When I first listened to the soundtrack, I didn't have high expectations  for it, especially since it was done by two totally different composers  with different styles.  I was sure wrong.  The two opening tracks blew me  away with Jones's main theme.  Promentory and The Kiss are very unique with  a fiddle jig of the theme, though it gets a little repetitive and  Promentory cuts off a little strangely, but that isn't anything bad.   Trevor's music fits perfectly into the movie's settings and events, fully  capturing the sense of adventure.  Edelman's music is less action driven  and never once does he use Jones's theme.  Don't let that fool you: unlike  Jones's music, Edelman's music sacrifices orchestra use for much more  moving parts.  The string-dominated tracks are moving and beautiful.  The  Courier is one of the best and least repetitive action tracks, using a  acoustic guitar as the courier runs past the enemy.  This is the most  moving and beautiful score that I've ever heard.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS  SCORE!
B00001QGPR|4.0|I'm not a Bowie fan.  In fact the first CD I bought of his was Earthling  and I had to throw it out, I hated it so much!  I bought hours mainly  becasue of the amazing 3D artwork and general amazing packaging.  On first  listen I wasn't much impressed with anything besides &quot;The Pretty  Things Are Going To Hell&quot;, which really rocks and gets you moving.  But upon further listenings, I began to feel the vibe of this CD and really  get into it. He uses a quiet, subdued almost un-pluged like quality on some  songs then a much more electronic feeling on others.  Overall the feelin is  one of new and futuristic music.  I was suprised by the emotion and range  in his voice.  This doesn't sound like the man on Earthling.  For anyone  interested in truly new music that seems to shun many preconceived notions  pick up this disc!  I don't think it's made a Bowie fan out of me, but I'm  interested to see what he comes up with next.  Until then hours will be  played upteen hours on my CD player.
B000005JAB|5.0|I notice that every reviewer to date has given this album 5 stars - don't  expect me to reverse the trend! Along with (the totally different)  &quot;Music For A New Society&quot;, this is John Cale's best work - and  one of the great &quot;lost&quot; albums of the 70's (in fact, of all  time). I have no idea what most of the songs are &quot;about&quot; - this  is one of the few albums I know where the relative obscurity of the lyrics  does not detract from the music's emotional qualities. BUY THIS CD!
B000000WF0|4.0|The Verve's final album does not offer anything dramatically innovative or  different from many other Europeans acts the US has imported from Europe  over the past 30 years. Influence from U2, The Who and the Beatles are all  obviously present. It does offer 13 honest, confessional, passionate,  captivating tracks that make one long for the stylings of the the bands who  obviously meant so much to the Verve and a time when music this honest and  pure came out every week. A super sensory album.
0553277472|5.0|Quick Sum: If you are interested in reading a very interesting look into philosophy, then this is the most palatable way to do it without taking a  night course.<br />Longer Sum: The hero of this story once went insane as a  graduate student as he searched for the answer to &quot;What is  quality?&quot;.  The further he thought about and researched this question  the further he felt that modern life, and modern thinking, was derailed  from its true path thousands of years ago as Aristotlean thought won out  over competing schools (Aristotle apparently loved putting things into  categories and tree like structures.  &quot;Good&quot; was beneath  &quot;Truth&quot; but above &quot;Rhetoric&quot;, that sort of stuff).   When philosophy was first &quot;created&quot; it was decided that things  were to be broken down into subjects and objects: things, and the  observations of things.  The hero's revelation was that Quality was neither  subjective (that is, it resided inside the object regardless of what our  opinion of it was) nor objective (it was whatever &quot;we liked&quot;),  rather it was something that -gave rise- to things and the observations of  things: in other words, Quality wasn't subjective or objective, it  preceeded both and -created- them.  So our current way of thinking - that  things break down into subjects and objects, (romantic and classic), and  start from there, is fatally flawed he felt.<br />After the hero went insane  years back he was subjected to shock treatments that wiped out his  personality and most of his memory.  As he travels across country in the  present with his son (who he also worries has mental problems) his  reflections on motorcycle maintenance and the benefits that categorizing  the parts and the careful maintenance procedures give rise to old memories  - he disliked Aristotle who believed in that sort of thing, yet here he has  come around to that view from a different angle - that ultimately starts  him down the same road tomental illness he went down before.  But as he  travels down this road to mental illness again he rediscovers his old self  so he doesn't want to veer off it.  Which self is the real him?<br />While the  book was very enoyable on different levels, I did have some problems with  its underlying premise.  Why Quality?  When you go into such infinite  detail as he does concerning philosophy you can just as easily ask  &quot;What is Harmony?&quot; or &quot;What is Purity?&quot; or &quot;What  is Resonance?&quot; and make the same academic conclusions.  Also, his  original idea to leave Quality undefined is just like saying &quot;I can't  define pornography but I know it when I see it&quot;.  What's up with that?   It's like doing a mathematical proof where you start with &quot;OK,  division by zero is now OK, let's see where that leads me&quot;.  So the  idea of going insane looking into Quality strikes me a little funny.  OK,  OK, it wasn't Quality itself that did it to him rather it was his feeling  that current thought was all wrong, so alright.<br />So overall I fully  recommend this book if you're looking for something intelligent and  engaging - food for real thought.
B000000W6X|5.0|When I first heard this cd I was blown away. I love everything on it  except the Doors cover. The beats are fresh. The bass is thick. The layers  are perfect. Tracy Thorn has become one of my favorite singers because of  this record. It really made me re-evaluate where my music was going. In a  time when people swore grunge was the future of music these cats were  playing it ultra cool. In the question of 5 cd's I would take if stuck on a  desert island this would make the cut without thinking.
0060234814|5.0|When C.S.Lewis wrote the Chronicles of Narnia, this was the first tale that he produced and not \\"The Magician's Nephew\\". There is a problem with ordering the books other than in the way that Lewis published them primarily due to the fact that the mystery of Narnia is better revealed when you read the books in this way. The reader is meant to \\"discover\\" Narnia as the children in Lewis' classic tales do. <br />What makes these books so powerful is not necessarily the message of Christian Dogma that Lewis spent his life analyzing and lecturing on, but the incredible gift of story telling that Lewis possessed. Lewis had the ability to make the people, places, and things that he wrote about come alive and leap off the page. While reading about the fine feast served at the last stop before reaching the end of the world (in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader)one can almost taste it. One can almost see the heavy smoke curling down out of Puddleglum's pipe in \\"The Silver Chair\\", or feel as if you are actually taking tea with Tumnus in \\"The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe\\". <br />I view the Chronicles of Narnia as classics of Children's Literature and something that should be apart of the reading list of any child as they reach the fourth or fifth grade. Even adults will find them to be facinating reading. Of all the works that Lewis produced fiction or non-fiction, I feel that these are the works that he will be best remembered for.
B000000WF9|4.0|What can I say about this score?  It moves me so deeply.  When I saw the  film one of the many, many things that struck me was this wonderful music.  I bought it right away and listen to it often.  The melodies are so  haunting, lonely and melancholy that it can break my heart listening to it.  My favorite track is &quot;The Morrow&quot; wich is repeated, in  variations again and again, always slightly changing the feeling or  meaning.  Beautiful!  I'm sorry his work isn't more recognized.  But don't  let that stop you from enjoying some truly moving score work here.  And  while you're at it check out the film too.
B00004U2HK|5.0|Full of breathtaking scenery, catchy tunes, delightful romance, and set during the golden age of innocence prior to the darkest chapter in  humanity, &quot;The Sound Of Music&quot; has become one of the 20th  century's greatest cinematic treasures.  <br />A movie that becomes more  enjoyable with each repeated viewing, it centres around Maria, (a role  Julie Andrews was undoubtedly preordained for) a spirited apprentice nun  who is appointed governess to the 7 unruly Von Trapp children during one  summer vacation in late 1930's Austria.  After initial mishaps, Maria  succeeds in winning the affections of the children, the hearts of the  viewers, and ultimately the love of her employer, the autocratic Captain  Von Trapp, (played to dignified indefectibility by Christopher  Plummer).<br />Released in 1965 to worldwide kudos, this movie was an instant  box office success and won multiple Oscars, including the coveted Best  Picture award.  Debuting during a decade of metamorphosis and turbulence,  it injected a dose of sweetness into a world which was losing its sparkle.   That it remains a bestseller nearly 4 decades later indicates that this  injection of sweetness was permanent.
B000002TQB|5.0|Blur's &quot;Parklife&quot; is a 1990's Britpop classic. Gentle ballads  such as &quot;End Of A Century&quot;, &quot;To The End&quot; &amp;  &quot;This Is A Low&quot; together with the catchy tunes &quot;Girls &amp;  Boys&quot; &amp; &quot;Trouble In The Message Centre&quot;, the Cockney  sounds of &quot;Tracy Jacks&quot;, the titletrack, &quot;Bank Holiday&quot;  (The equivalent of &quot;B.L.U.R.E.M.I.&quot; on &quot;13&quot;),  &quot;London Loves&quot;, &quot;Magic America&quot; &amp;  &quot;Jubilee&quot;; Aswell as two hilarious instrumentals (The  horsecarousel inspired &quot;The Debt Collector&quot; &amp; the typical  Blur closer, &quot;Lot 105&quot;) makes for a great album- &amp; I didn't  even mention all of the songs! Don't let the fact that the album contains  no less than sixteen tracks scare you- The album doesn't even reach a full  hour, which means you won't get bored. In fact, it's impossible to get  bored listening to Blur... Each of their albums gets better with every  listen &amp; this one's no exception.
B000002LK1|5.0|I've been a fan of Depeche Mode since 1984. I like a huge chunk of  everything they've put out but this record shines the most for me. It's 10  years old now and it still sounds fresh. The layers, arrangements, and  vocals are top notch. I would pick this album for one of the five cd's if  stuck on an island question. Martin, Dave, and Alan have been a huge  influence on my music. Fletch is a hack but what can you do. This cd played  before we soundchecked at our last show and it was very cool to hear before  we hit the stage.
0767849493|3.0|Kevin thinks Dogma is his most profound work. That's why he's ditching View Askew. To produce more Dogma. <br />O Bearded One, mindless piety is not  profundity. Who wants to hear Chris Rock coo &quot;It's not what you have  faith in, it's that you haave faith!&quot; <br />Add that to an idiot-plot and  Silent Bob's suddenly clownlike expressive range (He doesn't need to speak!  He's as lively as the other characters!) and you get, um, three  stars.<br />Yes, three stars, because despite the fact that it's an utter  intellectual abomination compared to Clerks, Chasing Amy, and even  Mallrats, it's entertaining as hell. Go figure.
B00004YA66|4.0|Nice surprise! This flick had much more depth than I had expected  and had a really interesting and well-executed plot line. The movie doesn't get all  bogged down in the &quot;how this happed&quot; aspect  but instead just  sets the rules and jumps right in. Quaid shines as the father. I'm not one  to get emotional at movies...but was glad I had a handkerchief.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I bought this CD becasue of a few songs I had heard and liked and then  found out they were all by the same guy: Moby. His style fluctuates  amazingly between tracks unlike any other artist I've ever listened to.  There's only about 3 tracks that I ever skip. And considering there's 18  tracks, that's pretty darn good. I must say though, a lot of the songs are  very repetitive so you might like it less depending on how much you value  the sound of music compared to lyrical content. But even for those of you  who appreciate strong lyrics, there's plenty on here to satisfy. After you  buy this and listen to it, you won't classify Moby as techno/dance anymore.  If you're like me and like a lot of different stuff, get this album  now.<br />---TRACKS---<br />1)Honey- Upbeat, energetic, fun nonsense song. Great  opener.<br />2)Find my Baby- This song just sounds cool. The lyrics aren't  anything to speak of but I like the little &quot;woo!&quot; with the great  instrumental accompaniment.<br />3)This Is Goodbye- This song has been used in  a lot of movies and TV shows. I actually didn't even know it was by Moby  until I bought the album. One of the slower, more meaningful, powerful  songs.<br />4)Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?- Another song with lots of piano.  Great mixing of sounds. Kind of like a slow version of &quot;Find my  Baby&quot;- repetitive lyrics with a great sound.<br />5)South Side- Truly a  hidden gem. I've never heard this one on the radio but it should be. Great  audio effects AND lyrical substance. One of the few spots on the album  where Moby manages to achieve this. My personal favorite.<br />6)Rushing-  Slow, boring and pointless. With 18 tracks, you gotta have a few duds here  and there. This is one of them.<br />7)Bodyrock- Probably his most well-known  song. It's just great. Lots of energy. This song is probably the main  reason people classify Moby as techno/dance. It gets me pumped up every  time I hear it.<br />8)Natural Blues- This one got some radio play too. Has a  deep, heavy sound to it and some very cool percussion  undertones.<br />9)Machete- The most techno-sounding track. Crisp, smooth,  electronic lyrics with an incredible rhythm. Another one of my  favorites.<br />10)7- Another pointless track. At least this one is only a  minute long.<br />11)Run On- Wow! Not what I  expected when I bought this  album but nonetheless excellent. Fun lyrics that you'll find yourself  singing along to with some neat sound effects thrown in.<br />12)See  #10<br />13)If Things Were Perfect- If you took 5 or 6 audio effects and threw  them in a blender, this is what you would get. Dark, cold lyrics in front  of a unique mixture of sounds.<br />14)Everloving- Just some humming in front  of an acoustic guitar with some piano thrown in. Nothing special but it's  tolerable. Kind of soothing and relaxing, actually.<br />15)Inside- Heavenly  sounds with a techno beat. It works.<br />16)Guitar, Flute &amp; String- As  the title implies, it has some guitar, it has some flute and it has some  string. It sounds more like something that should be on a movie soundtrack.  <br />17)The Sky Is Broken- This song actually has more of a rap or hip-hop  beat to it. More cold, dark lyrics from Moby along with more piano. Pretty  good. If you bought this album for his more popular stuff though, you're  not going to like this one at all.<br />18)My Weakness- Once again, a very  heavenly, uplifting sound. I like this track a lot.
0684833395|5.0|At the moment I write this review, it is the 341th one, so there are few  chances anybody will read it!<br />Anyway, this book is brilliant, both  powerful and hysterically funny. It has been said it's about WWII. I  believe it to be more universal, even more than just about war, we delve  into dehumanisation and mental insanity here. And yet you'll laugh, I  promise, money-back garantee.<br />The book has its own timeline, yossarian's  (the main character). I haven't &quot;studied&quot; the structure or  printed graphs about it :) but this aspect of the book is just unique, and  brings magic to it.<br />Nothing more can be said, you'll just have to read it  now, and maybe that's another definition of the now famous Catch-22.
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie is awesome! It is very inspirational and the special features on it are great. I love how they have a behind the scenes section it is very informative and really was quite interesting. For anyone that likes  action and romance this is a no brainer for you to buy.
B00000J7SS|4.0|This is hallmarked the begining of Fusion.  However, to the casual  listener, this will not sem familiar.  My opinion of this album, while  'only' a 4 when seemingly everyone else rates it a 5, is notched down only  because of this fact.  Sure, people will say that this is the ORIGINAL  fusion recording, being a springboard for so much music afterwards.  This  is very true.<br />This is an album to have in your collection because of that  value.  I think another reason i gave it a 4 instead of a 5 (mind you, a 4  is still VERY good) is because of the difficulty of understanding it.   After listening to it many, many times (i'm a trumpet player myself), I  still cannot understand the complexity of what is going on.  While this may  be to my own shortcomings, I prefer music that is a little more easier to  understand.  <br />I love Miles' sound.  He shows us a completely new facet to  his capability here.  Maybe after another few years of listening to it,  I'll fully appreciate this contribution of his to the genre.<br />Get the  album.  Decide for yourself.  Whether you like it or not, it is an  experience to listen to.  You'll feel like dancing, zoning, screaming, and  everything in between.
1573225517|4.0|If youve always dreamed of owning your own record store and know your  music, then this is the book for you. Ive seen the movie, but like it best  in its intended English setting and characters. It probably made sense to  make a U.S version to save us all from Hugh Grant anyway. Youll soon start  doing your own top 5 lists and wonder how Barry really did intend doing  &quot;accoustic&quot; versions of German synthesiser bands of the 80's. A  great laugh ,especially if you grew up through the 70's and 80's and a good  way to reflect on a life that may not be going to plan.
B0000203YT|5.0|Shakespeare in Love is suprisingly powerful film. I expected the color, the humor and the drama.  I was amazed to find myself so moved by the  story. This is certainly one of my all time favorites.
B0000024T3|5.0|Streisand, at the height of her 60's-phase, is flamboyantly  &quot;Barbra&quot; on this album.  At times quiet and touching, and then  loud and over the top, this album is a mixture of styles and quite  good.<br />&quot;Ma Premiere Chanson&quot; is Barbra's &quot;first song&quot;.   It is simple and elegant.  &quot;I Wish You Love&quot; is performed as a  swinging revenge song.  I love Barbra's reading of the lyric here -- she  sounds like she's seething with anger: &quot;And in Julyyyy, a lemonade, to  coooool you in a leafy glade...&quot;  It's really  wonderful.<br />&quot;Martina&quot; is very moving.  And &quot;Once Upon A  Summertime&quot; and &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot; are brilliant, classic songs  which lend authority to this album.  Barbra's performances are flawless and  the arrangements are quite beautiful.
0195067142|5.0|Three veterans of the First Marine Division have written accounts of WWII  in the Pacific.  E.B. Sledge in this book, William Manchester in  &quot;Goodbye Darkness,&quot; and Robert Leckey in &quot;Strong Men  Armed.&quot;  Sledge's book gives an honest, plain spoken, first hand  account of two horrific campaigns.  He pulls no punches in describing the  brutality and the horror, but he doesn't dwell on it.  He merely describes  it in a matter of fact fashion.<br />Leckey's book (&quot;Strong Men  Armed&quot;) doesn't dwell on personal experiences, but gives the vast  panorama of the Navy/Marine Corps island hopping campaign, and helps to put  Sledge's personal memoir into the context of the whole war in the Pacific.<br />Manchester's book (&quot;Goodbye Darkness&quot;) reads something like  the out-loud ruminations of a mental patient working through unresolved  issues on the psychiatrist's couch.<br />Leckey is a noted military historian  who has written a number of very good books on the subject.  Manchester is  a noted author, and of the three has the most recognizable name.  Sledge,  however, although not a professional writer, is the First Division alumnus  who has written the best book on the Pacific War.  (Leckey runs a close  second and Manchester a distant third).
B00000DHZJ|4.0|My first listening left me flat. It is better then nothing, a lot better.  However it is not the quintessential Hendrix, though it has it moments. Go  out and purchase his first three albums sit back and enjoy. Well, even at  imperfection he is far better then most.
0792156684|5.0|I had no idea that Titanic would be as good as it was.  I never heard much hype about it but I saw it anyway.  What sets this movie apart from any  other is that it gets you to truly care for the characters and what happens  to them.  However, I think most movies would do that too if they were all  over 3 hours long.  James Cameron does a great job directing all of the  actors, making them as believable as possible.  From Leonardo DiCaprio to  Jonathan Hyde (Bruce something-or-another... I forget his last name... he  was the guy who designed the Titanic), the acting was excellent.  I think  this movie really captures was a horrible tragedy the Titanic really was.   Of course, this movie is not for everyone.  There aren't gruesome deaths or  anything along those lines.  There are few to none *very* comedic lines.   This is just your basic drama but it's taken to the next level.  It was a  great movie, check it out if you haven't already.
B000002GB4|5.0|When Styx hired Tommy Shmuck as their new guitarist,little did they know  that Tommy Shmuck would stab Dennis Deyoung in the back.Tommy  Shmuck(whether he intended to or not)would start a mutiny.Dennis Deyoung is  a musical genious.Had it not been for Dennis,he would not have a band to  play in nor a royalty check.I am not saying that Dennis is perfect,cause  everybody has their faults,but Tommy Shmuck is in a way guilty of  mutiny.Styx is Dennis's baby and although this is a good album,I will not  buy any new material without Dennis DeYoung leading Styx.
0805062971|5.0|I don't think this book would have worked if the movie hadn't come out.  The movie pretty much stays true to the book and there lies the problem.  The movie is actually better than the book because the movie gives a  masterful visual presentation of this work.  Much of the book moves along  in movie-style fashion.  No drawn out descriptions, but rather, short  staccato sentences.  The author seems to have written a screenplay rather  than a book.  With that said, Mr. Palahniuk gives us a refreshing new style  of writing.  The plot moves at a frenetic pace and one can easily read the  book in one sitting if one isn't too careful.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out, so I won't be quoting any lines or scenes.  But to those people who find this movie offensive, or a sad  portrayal of Americn Suburban society has either never lived in the  suburbs, in denial, or never bothered to find out what their neighbors are  really like.<br />I was especially pleased with the acting in the movie.   Bening and Spacey are veterans and we expect good acting from them, but  they exceeded their own standards in this film.  Add to that the harem of  &quot;new&quot; actors who were brilliant: Birch, Bentley, Suvari, and  you've got a movie that could be great no matter how it was written or  visualized.  But then they add the excellent writing and the theatrical  style lighting and coloring and you have an instant American masterpiece  which is already a classic.<br />And it won 5 Academy Awards.  So :P to any of  you who thought it was bad.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I just got this DVD today and it has to be the greatest use of DVD technology to date. There are over 40 special features and tons of behind  the scenes and never before seen footage. You can either watch the  theatrical version or you can watch the special edition with fifteen more  minutes of never before seen footage. Also, this is a great movie, so what  are you waiting for? If I were to only buy one DVD, this would be the one!
B0000025BL|5.0|Fact is,this disc is one of the all-time top sellers in the western-world  music industry.There is a very good reason- it is also one of the best  discs ever produced (to my unbiased opinion!).<br />  I can honestly declare  that I love it.I bought back in 1995, and ever since there was not a month  in which I wouldn't listen to it thoroughly ,at least once. More than  that,in the first year ,I couldn't miss it for a mere week! To this day I'm  never bored with the songs and melodies.Indeed,truley state of the art  music creation.<br />  Packed with 46 marvelous minutes of remarkable  songs,it's a must for every Rock n' Roll fan. pay attention to &quot;For  crying out loud&quot;,in my money,Meat's best and one of the most  emotional-sentimental songs ever written.<br />  In all,I can simply say that  if you ever liked one of meat's songs- don't hesitate,this one won't  disappoint you,not a chance.
B000002AQQ|4.0|Sure, this CD doesn't have the best of everything done in the span of time  that Forest Gump covered, but who has the room in their car for a full  collection of every artist listed on on the credits.  This CD is a perfect  collection of good songs.  You can hear all of your favorites when and  where you want to, without the hassle of continually scanning the radio  dial.  Plus, for those of us who cannot buy everything, this is a good base  to build on in the future.  Go for it.  I did.
0156907399|4.0|I chose to read this book for a class when I was sixteen because a friend complained about it and said it was the most boring book in the world. I wondered if perhaps I might see something in it that she was missing.<br />What a found was a very enjoyable literary style - this was my first exposure to \\"stream-of-consciousness\\" writing. I enjoyed the author's complex 3rd person omniscient shifting of perspectives through the various characters in the tale. The style had great affinity with my own very analytical and philosophical yet aesthetic mind at the time. I read this book not for an exciting plot; but, for the beauty in the writing itself. The themes in it were very abstract - such as the subject of being genuine and the like. \\"To the Lighthouse\\" has a very reflective quality about it. This book is certainly not for everyone; but, it is beyond a doubt a masterpiece for its kind.
0525457585|5.0|I have never read, nor even heard of a book like The Neverending Story. Not only does it have a great plot, that is both easy easy enough for kids  and complicated enough for adults, it is also the only book I've read where  you, the reader, are a part of the story. You have to read it to  understand! This is not a simple children's fairy tale, it is a book for  everyone to cherish together. You'll love it, I gurantee it!  The only bad  thing about it is that, unlike the title, it has an ending...
B000001FW9|3.0|&quot;It is our goal to expand the frontiers of contemporary popular music  at the risk of being very unpopular,&quot; read the 1971 liner notes to the  second album by this unique British progressive rock band. At this remove,  the statement sounds combative, even defensive, and time would show that  Gentle Giant indeed would have liked to have won the kind of broad acclaim  and sales enjoyed by such colleagues as Yes, Genesis, and Jethro Tull.  Such, alas, was not to be, but their courage was impressive at the time,  and over the course of a decade and nearly a dozen albums they would  achieve their aesthetic goals and record some amazing and unforgettable  work.<br />Sporting three lead vocalists at this point and playing an  aggregate of more than 30 musical instruments in studio and on stage,  Gentle Giant wedded classical to rock, madrigals to blues, and simple sweet  ballads to near heavy metal and complex time signatures. Theirs was a music  that demanded sophisticated musical taste and concentration of its  listeners as much as emotion and an urge to dance.<br />Some Giant fans count  this album among their favorites. I find it a bit too atmospheric and  meandering on certain cuts, though never boring. &quot;Edge of  Twilight&quot; is languid, dreamy, a little ominous, with an instrumental  break that moves from delicate arpeggios and feathering of the keyboard to  timpani and xylophone. &quot;Black Cat&quot; is another sly tune with  electric guitar and keyboards quietly meowing under Kerry Minnear's  understated vocal.<br />For the title cut Minnear plays a brief (1:36) and  gentle Baroque theme on calliope-like keyboards that whistle and bomp in  counterpoint.<br />By contrast, &quot;Plain Truth&quot; rocks hard as well as  featuring bassist Ray Shulman's wonderful electrified blues violin on the  intro and breaks, though at 7:36 it's a little long. &quot;The House, The  Street, The Room&quot; similarly features brother Derek Shulman's shouting  vocals and instrumental work that ranges from dramatic silent-movie piano  quavering and gentle medieval bridges, to Gary Green's heavy blues electric  guitar. During the instrumental section, harmony lines get chopped up and  tossed  around like confetti between xylophone, pizzicato violin, trumpet,  harpsichord, guitar, recorder, and piano.<br />The band offers a sort of  tragic sea chanty in &quot;Wreck,&quot; with climbing vocal melodies over a  hard beat, and rich, flowing instrumental bridges. &quot;Pantagruel's  Nativity,&quot; drawn from the same Rabelais literary classic that would  inspire the superior &quot;The Advent of Panurge&quot; on the fourth album,  is still one of the best cuts on this one: a wooh-ing Mellotron opens under  Minnear's dreamiest vocals, Green's guitar punches in briefly, the keyboard  tootles interesting harmonies like a flute or a bird under the second  verse, Phil Shulman comments on trumpet, then there's a heavy blues break  propelled by a buzzsaw guitar, pulling back to heavenly choral vocals in a  minor key, then a vibes solo, and then....<br />If the album has a fault, it  perhaps tries to do too much in many of the cuts, and the fusings aren't  always organic. I give it three stars for the uninitiated, who might find  it a bit too strange and challenging; listeners familiar with the  above-named bands or, say, Caravan, Gryphon, or Nektar, would more likely  give it four or more.<br />The band would take another album or two to get it  right, and then for several years everything they did was brilliant.nd instrumental work that ranges from dramatic silent-movie piano  quavering and gentle medieval bridges, to Gary Green's heavy blues electric  guitar. During the instrumental section, harmony lines get chopped up and  tossed  around like confetti between xylophone, pizzicato violin, trumpet,  harpsichord, guitar, recorder, and piano.<br />The band offers a sort of  tragic sea chanty in &quot;Wreck,&quot; with climbing vocal melodies over a  hard beat, and rich, flowing instrumental bridges. &quot;Pantagruel's  Nativity,&quot; drawn from the same Rabelais literary classic that would  inspire the superior &quot;The Advent of Panurge&quot; on the fourth album,  is still one of the best cuts on this one: a wooh-ing Mellotron opens under  Minnear's dreamiest vocals, Green's guitar punches in briefly, the keyboard  tootles interesting harmonies like a flute or a bird under the second  verse, Phil Shulman comments on trumpet, then there's a heavy blues break  propelled by a buzzsaw guitar, pulling back to heavenly choral vocals in a  minor key, then a vibes solo, and then....<br />If the album has a fault, it  perhaps tries to do too much in many of the cuts, and the fusings aren't  always organic. I give it three stars for the uninitiated, who might find  it a bit too strange and challenging; listeners familiar with the  above-named bands or, say, Caravan, Gryphon, or Nektar, would more likely  give it four or more.<br />The band would take another album or two to get it  right, and then for several years everything they did was brilliant.
0140434267|5.0|My measure of a superb novel is the ability to read it many times and be  able to find something new or to see characters and occurences from a  different perspective. This novel never disapoints. With each reading, Mr.  and Mrs. Elliot have become more complex, funnier, and also sadder. Jane  has become more than just a sweet girl pining for a lost love. Her  passivity and inability to express her emotions seem a subtle warning to  those of us who may share Jane's foibles. Elizabeth seems more  self-conscious, more aware of her times, a woman's place, and the class  system within which she must operate. Against this background she appears  braver and wittier, her observations more trenchant. It would be hard to  find a character as pompous and awful as Mr. Collins, yet he also elicits  one's sympathy. And Mr. Darcy is wonderful in his rudeness and his  smoldering desire. His haughty proposal to Elizabeth and her stinging reply  are still hurtful. His subsequent letter is the opening gambit to the  breaking down of Darcy's pride and Elizabeth's prejudice. These characters  are so real and their emotions so true that the 150-plus years that  separate us quickly disappear.
B00003W8NM|5.0|that this was such a great film.  Enjoy it there aren't many twists that are this much fun.
B00003W8NM|5.0|fight club is the best adaptation of a novel made into a motion picture that i have ever seen / read.  the novel, by chuck palahniuk is an intense,  terrific, well written mind bomb of a story and should be read by anyone  who liked this movie.  the movie is most of what the book is plus ed  norton, brad pitt, david fincher(director), and the dust  brothers(soundtrack).  see this movie.  naturally, anyone who is thinking  about buying the DVD version of this movie should know that there is so  much on these two discs that i havent yet seen/heard all of the features,  and i bought my copy on the release date.  well worth the difference  between vhs and dvd price. p.s. read &quot;survivor&quot;(in the makings of  becoming a major motion picture) also by chuck palahniuk.  blah blah blah  as if my review in this sea of reviews will persuade you.  no one will ever  read this anyway.  take a number mike from salt lake.  i am jacks wasted  time writing a review on amazon.com. . . .
B00003CWOL|5.0|if you are not in the mood to grin maniacally refrain from purchasing this film.
B00004RJ71|5.0|I have probobly seen this movie 50 times. I'd say I watch it at least once a month, and saw it in the theater when it came out in '93. Blood In Blood Out is hands down the coldest gang/prison movie available in the movie market today. I was reading through the reveiws, and saw a couple people who gave it one or two stars. If you are reading this reveiw right now and you saw those reveiws, do not listen to them. The saga begins,(Cheap Star Wars rip off!)with two Chicano step brothers and their half white, half Chicano cousin. It develops into a complicated and intriquite story of prison lfe, drug abuse, and law enforcement. I am not going to say much more, because I do not want to ruin this spectacular movie for anyone. Just please trust a man(me)who has over 200 DVD's and 500 VHS movies in his collection, not to mention the thousands of others I have seen. Some say that this movie is too long,(It's a titch over 3 hours)I say it is not long enough! Everytime I watch it I just want it too keep going. In conclusion, Blood In Blood Out is a tremendous movie with a great cast, (Damian Chapa, Bengamin Bratt, and Biff from Back to the Future! Also, a aspiring Ving Rhames, Delroy Lindo, and Billy Bob Thornton help round out this perfect cast.) and great direction. So if you are a movie buff, I highly recomend this movie! Five out of five stars! A perfect ten!
B00003CXDG|1.0|Of all the dissappointments this summer, this one has to be the worst. First, the name of the movie is &quot;Mission Impossible&quot;, so what do we have in terms of the unbelievable? Tom Cruise dropping out of a  helicopter and through a vent! Hymmm...sound familiar. At least in the  first film it was the freakin' defense department they were breaking into.  And then we have one of the most ludicrous love stories in cinematic  history where two people crash their cars into each other as a remote  example of foreplay. Then, at the center of the story, (Pardon me while I  laugh my ass off), we have one of the worst villians ever to disgrace the  screen. I know Dougray Scott was angry at all the delays during the  production of this film...but christ, be alive at some point and time. Woo  should have fired this man and sent him back to his coffin. His talent to  hold the screen reminded me of Stick Figure Theater. In short if you enjoy  cliche, boredom and gloss then maybe this may be the one for your viewing  pleasure. However you will lose brain cells in the process. John Woo proved  he could make a studio film and still adhere to his roots with Face/Off, so  I'm willing to forgive him. However... it's very, very, very hard. Call the  third Plot Impossible To Find.
B000002V0Q|5.0|This album kicks the hell out of peace sells and rust in peace.  Every  song on Countdown is Great and with countdown, you can actually follow the  song, unlike rust, where every song sounds like the next. IF you want a  great MEgadeth album, Buy this one, you won't be disappointed!!!
0804106304|1.0|I had to read this book for school over the summer. It had to be the worst  book ive ever read. I would have to b e out of my mind to recommend this to  anyone. It was very hard to understand there was no main character. It  constantly switched characters. The book was just plain stupid! I wish i  could give it no stars.
B00004T9UF|2.0|When i bought this album i was expecting better, much better, i think this album is much worse then &quot;the slim shady lp&quot;, and i wish it had been better so i wouldn't have had to waste my [money]..... theres only 2 or 3  good songs on the album, which are &quot;criminal&quot;, &quot;stan&quot;  which is getting annoying after a while, and &quot;drug ballad&quot;,  slim's new single &quot;the way i am&quot; is scary and makes me want to  throw the album in the trash even more then the first single &quot;the real  slim shady&quot;....... truthfully i cant wait for Slim's next effort  because i think hes a good writer but he put his abililty to waste on this  one..... hoping for the same record sales but better results next time....
B00003CXFU|5.0|What was the last film I seen with Julia Roberts in? Ah, Runaway Bride, another Romanic comedy, and Notting Hill before that, same genre. So what  on earth is she doing in a true-life drama? A lot actually......... I have  to admit, I am a bit of a Julia Roberts fan, but never in my life did I  expect she is this good. No, good is not the right word; Oscar worthy only  comes close. That might make me a bit biased towards her but even the  cynics cannot denied that she has broken her &quot;pretty woman&quot; mould  and become a true character actor, besides Julia Roberts, her co-star  Albert Finney is also excellent as Ed Masery, he almost steels the show  with his subtle and convincing portrayal of Erin's boss and friend.<br />As I  said and you probably know, this film is based on a true-life story about a  woman with no skills who found out something weird is going on and sued a  multi-billion-corporation company and won the largest lawsuit payout in  American history. So what makes this film differ from other  &quot;true-life-dramas&quot;? Well, a lot of the credit must be given to  Julia Roberts, her portrayal of the real Erin is truly convincing. Her  performance brings the character to life; the audience can truly FEEL the  way she felt, I've seen this film twice in the theatre and it's just as  good the second time around.<br />The script is sharpe, some of the dialogue  from Erin is really humorous, and the drama is dealt with care and  precision. This is true movie from Julia and from director Steven  Soderbergh, another masterpiece to buy on DVD.
B00004U9MS|4.0|I brought the album on the strength of the single Yellow, which is truely  fantastic. The first time I played it, I thought I'd made a mistake. But  after a few more plays, it has really grown on me. There are some  particularly good melodies, (We Never Change is excellent), and it is  constantly on in my car at the moment. <br />I'd recommend it, but don't be  put off first listen, give it a few goes in the CD player before you make  up your mind.
6305807043|5.0|Most movies these days are too formulistic, they are either boy loves girl or a so call &quot;hero&quot; saves the world, all of which has been done a  billion times, and just when I think Hollywood is running out of ideas,  they came up with this. Forget about all those movies you've seen for the  past few years at the cinema's door step, this is like nothing you've ever  seen before. The idea itself is so bizarre and wacky it is almost beyond  believe, what's this film about? Well, it is exactly what it said on the  tin, people BE John Malkovich, see what he's seeing feel what's feeling and  taste what's he consuming. And they can experience it for 15 minutes for a  mere $200, following so far?<br />The main characters in this film is John  Cusack, he plays a talented puppeteer who can't seems to get a break,  Cameron Diaz plays his animal loving wife (she looks nothing like she did  in all her other films, I never thought she can look dreadful). So he took  a job as a file clerk (because he's good with his fingers) in an office on  the 7 and a half floor. Where he met Catherine Keener who plays Cusack's  co-worker and love interest, and John Malkovich plays himself.<br />And one  day Cusack's character finds a porthole to John Malkovich's mind in the 7   floor and that's where to the wacky and wonderful story begins. I won't  give away the plot twist here because the story is told so beautifully and  carefully that it would give anyone a surprise or two.<br />As for the acting,  it seems that John Cusack isn't capable of bad acting or even  &quot;alright&quot; acting, he is OUTSTANDING. Even Cameron Diaz fits her  role perfectly, Catherine Keener deserved her Oscar nomination and John  Malkovich should at least get an award just for begin such a good sport,  and not forgetting Charlie Sheen, I didn't see that cameo coming, oops. As  directions, Spike Jonze has truly put himself on the A-list for new  directors; I would never imagine the &quot;forth king&quot; in &quot;Three  Kings&quot; could make such a wonderful and imaginative film.<br />Bottom line  - Forget about all the other Sci-Fi/ Action adventures/ Romantic comedies/  Drama for a few hours and enjoy one of the rarest and best Hollywood export  in years.
B00002DEOL|5.0|This is what rock n' roll is all about:  2 minutes of ear-splitting, inspired lunacy, short break, 2 more minutes of ear-splitting, inspired  lunacy, short break, 2 more minutes ... and so on until the end of this  shattering, pounding, shouting, utterly joyous carnival of rebellion and  cartoon violence.<br />It's hard to argue with the pithy philosophy of &quot;I  Don't Care&quot; (&quot;I don't care about this world ... I don't care  about that girl ... I don't care.&quot;) or the Frankenstein-ish fun of  &quot;Teenage Lobotomy&quot; (DDT did a job on me ... now I am a real  sickie ... guess I'm gonna have to tell 'em ... that I got no cerebellum  ...&quot;).  Nobody could hear you if you argued with any of it anyway.   The knob on this monster goes to 12.  And a half.<br />If you haven't heard  it, you haven't started living yet.  Buy it, no matter your current  financial situation.  You can't afford not to.
B00003CWTI|5.0|First thing first, &quot;Magnolia&quot; has got to be one of my favourite movies ever! And I am not kidding, when people say they don't make movie  like they used to anymore, they were right, until now. I came out of the  cinema with a feeling you don't get often, &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;,  &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; and &quot;Toy Story 2&quot; is perhaps the  only other movies that moved me this way. You get a feeling that you've got  your money worth and thinking to yourself I am going to get this. <br />You  will know this is a classic the moment you start watching the film, like  all good movies, the cast has to gel well, the story has to be good, the  acting has to be great and the director must be on form. Well, they are all  fulfilled here. Every actors here gave great performances, Tom Cruise  deservedly got his Oscar nomination, PT Anderson (writer and director of  boogie night, which he also wrote this too) should have got one too, he  certainly at least deserved a Oscar nomination for best director and best  film.<br />The story itself is about the life of ten different characters  during 24 hours. A games show host, his wife, his daughter, a boy genius,  an ex boy genius, a dying man, his lost son, the dying man's wife, the  caretaker and a police officer in law. Each one have their own problems to  deal with and the director deal with them all superbly. All the characters  have a connection with one and other through either relations or this  &quot;What do kid know&quot; game show. <br />The real treat here is that all  these stories are told in such a way that you won't keep your eyes off the  screen, all the scene have an importance in the film in the story telling.  Even though the film is a little over 3 hours long, it will fly by. Which  brings me to the editing of this film because the film is so well put  together from one scene to another, this helps the stories immensely, in  addition the music by Aimee Mann is also well suited to the film, it gave  the film an extra dimension and character. All these elements together made  this the movie of the year for me; words can't describe how wonderful this  film really is. Excellent, Wonderful, Clever, Brilliant and Engaging only  comes close. Bottom line - Magnificent! <br />P.S. look out for the strange  weather phenomenon at the end of the film, you'll never see that coming and  it's so funny and clever.
B0000029DD|5.0|Write an online review? Why? Does somebody not like this album?
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is one of the best looking and sounding examples of DVD technology yet.  Let me put it this way.  It's the best I've seen.  The DTS sound is  excellent and after some fine tuning via the provided THX monitor test  patterns the pictures is as good as it gets.  It's clear, sharp and free of  any compression artifacts.<br />There are two reasons to buy this DVD:  First,  it's a great movie.  Second, it's the perfect home theatre showcase/test  disc.  It also has a metal cover! Cool!      Buy it, buy it, buy it... PS:   Buy a bigger subwoofer too!<br />[...]
B00003000M|5.0|If you're expecting pure Marley, don't get this cd.  Nobody can top Bob  but this cd is still awsome.  Badu is first on the cd.  She has a beautiful  voice and she sounds great singing with Marley.  I don't particularly like  rap but Krayzie Bone's song flows really nice.  I love Kinky Raggae and of  course Lauryn Hills song.  If you like raggae, hip-hop or rap at all, then  you should get this cd.  If you don't listen to Marley......start!!
B00000IAU3|4.0|Great CD.  I was up the other night watching Letterman, and at the very  end of the show he presents Dido.  She played Here With Me and I was  hooked.  Great voice, and she looked really hot too.<br />At any rate, I've  listened to the CD a number of times and every time I get something new out  of it.  This girl is good.  I especially like Don't Think of Me.  Good  line...
B000003T9B|5.0|It is not necessary to go into a longe speach to give this album credit it  is great if you like over kill you will love it buy it!
B000000H57|5.0|This album has a very unique atmosphere that I've been trying to find in  music for a long time.  It really creates a wall of sound out of complex  chords, rocking and at the same time very mellow.  This music absolutely  rules super loud at night, when you can just sit back and close your eyes.  One of my favorite albums to date.
6305949638|4.0|I enjoyed &quot;Cider House Rules.&quot; The high point of thismovie was the main character. Caine gives a good performance, but his character doesn't grab me like a &quot;best supporting actor&quot; ought to. There are parts of the story line that are sketchy in the movie which is why the four instead of five stars. A better title would have been &quot;From St.  Cloud&quot; because the image of the cider house rules, while powerful, is not completely played out. As far as viewing pleasure goes--this one will provide a nice two-hours' get-away on a cool fall evening.  END
B000025OTV|5.0|Paolo Conte's music is hypnotic. Though I hardly understand a word of Italian, the combination of Conte's voice, rendition, melodies, and  arrangement is spellbinding. My 12 year old son calls it 'deep music'. All  in all, it is not as easy listening as 'Aquaplano' (one of Conte's albums)  but ultimately at least as rewarding. The collection includes 'Sparring  Partner' that my son and I played over and over during the first few weeks  that we owned the CD. It was literally addictive. 'Via con me', 'Boogie',  and the classic 'Max' are equally attractive. Other tracks, such as 'Ho  ballato di tutto' require a bit more careful listening before they draw you  in, and they will. This collection is a very good introduction to Paolo  Conte's works. Highly recommended.
B000002JS6|5.0|They say never buy a CD for one song. Well, I heard &quot;You Shook Me Up All Night Long&quot; on the radio the other day and went out and bought 3  AC/DC cds' the very next  day.  I got this one, &quot;Highway To Hell&quot;  and &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot;  They are all 5 stars.  You can compare Bon  Scott with Brian Johnson from now until doomsday but the fact is they  were/are both great singers and this music is the real deal if you like  &quot;rockin&quot;.<br />If you are having a bad day at work, put on your  headphones, turn your boom box volume knob up to &quot;puree&quot;, put one  of these cds' on the player, hit go and tune out. If this music don't get  you going, better check into your company's death benefits!
0783228317|4.0|By professional critical standards, there's probably not many redeeming qualities this movie possesses.  There's not really a story, no motive to  propel these characters onward, and there's no moral tied up in a bow at  the end.  However, this is the most literal translation of a novel to film  that I have seen, and it's one hell of a ride.  Johnny Depp is outstanding  as Hunter S. Thompson/Raul Duke, complete with crippling paranoia and hand  gestures.  As usual Benicio Del Toro is great, and the revolving cast of  thousands never tries to steal the show.  The movie slows down during the  second half, but it doesn't diminish the fun that derives from watching  these fictional (?) exploits.  If you want a fun movie you don't have to  think about, you may have found your match.
B00003CWTI|3.0|I always like to write about the extras because I figure that's what most people buy dvds for anyway.<br />The documentary is definately solid and gives  us an exhausting look on the grueling work behind the making of the film.  After 60 days into shooting, Paul Thomas Anderson looks like he's on his  last rung, but keeps on striving with inspirational determination.  He's a  funny guy who can't control his swearing sometimes, but he's the kind of  director that gets right into the action of each shot, wanting to be right  there with the character- a real intimate style.<br />I soo much wish there  was a commentary like Anderson's other dvds cuz that's really what I enjoy  the most.  I was pretty peeved that they re-released Boogie Nights with a  better edition and expanded commentary- yeesh, can't they stick to one  special platinum or criterion- I'd like to buy one movie once.  Whine  whine, oh well.  They'll probably re-release this one too.<br />The music  video, tv spots, trailers and stuff are cool, but I'd like to note there's  no deleted scenes-at least not that I can tell unless it's hidden, which I  doubt.<br />Only mildly disappointed because I wanted this beautiful film to  be in my collection anyway, but you figure for two disks they could've  crammed in a little more.<br />I'd like to recommend, &quot;Hard Eight&quot;  aka &quot;Sydney&quot;, which was Anderson's first film and also is an  excellent dvd purchase.<br />Oh yeah, the picture and sound was very good- no  problem there.
B00004TRD8|5.0|&quot;T2&quot; is, in fact, one of the most well-written, poignant, and utterly human stories that has ever made it onto the screen.  James Cameron has always  been a master of telling beautifully human stories that he can dress up  with a lot of gunfire and explosions in order to create an all-around hit  between the people who &quot;get it&quot; and the people who don't.  I feel  that the greatest tragedy of &quot;T2&quot; is actually most of its  audience's inability to grasp the more meaningful human moments in the  film, particularly in the brilliant and shattering role reversal played out  between Sarah Connor and her worst nightmare, the Terminator, when she sets  out to alter the future at the expense of another human life and suddenly  realizes what she has become--while the Terminator is now the one  protecting human life!  This is phenomenal storytelling, and anyone who  thinks that there is &quot;very little&quot; to the film apart from the  groundbreaking special effects seriously needs to take another long, hard  look at the intricate plot and character arcs that James Cameron so  masterfully created and seamed together in this magnificent movie.  The  added 15 minutes for this Special Edition tremendously enrich the character  arcs, in fact, and I am so delighted that it has finally been made  available on DVD.  So pick it up, and make sure you pay enough attention to  appreciate it for the beautiful tale of humanity that it truly is!   :)
B00004U2A1|5.0|It comes in a groovy little tin with the European poster style on the top and inside has the booklet, a little ad for the video game and the dvd  itself.<br />The booklet claims to have &quot;rare photos&quot;, but it's just  pictures from scenes throughout the movie that we've seen before- nothing  special, but has some good insights from the special effects guys and  Bruce.<br />Now for the DVD<br />I was really pleased with the extras- the  commentary was a lot of fun- I enjoyed it more than the first Evil Dead  special edition because Sam Raimi actually throws in a lot more tidbits  with Bruce and friends to back him up.  There were no long pauses, everyone  had something interesting to say and it's just a lot of fun listening to  them mock the dialogue and point out the mistakes.  Plus, there's only four  people on the commentary so no one is overwhelmed and we can hear everyone  talking- I think too many people on commentaries can be frustrating.  Also  find out what Kurt Russel's fav. line is from &quot;Evil Dead 2&quot; in a  quite hilarious memory Bruce brings up.<br />&quot;The Gore The Merrier&quot;  featurette was very cool- it's lengthy too so we get to see a lot of the  cool effects being made and used in the final product.  We also see Raimi,  Campbell and the rest of the crew clowning around and also a  ridiculous/funny little skit that the special effects team came up with-  about a baby that comes back from the dead for revenge.  The documentary  was shot with a crappy camera, but back in '86'87- home video cameras  sucked anyway so I wasn't surprised- it's fine though- just a little  grainy.<br />The theatrical trailer was edited very well- I hadn't seen it  before and I was pretty impressed how spooky they made it.<br />The video game  preview is awesome- like a teaser trailer, but it's really neat- gotta see  it for yourself.<br />The bios only consist of Bruce and Raimi, but they're  better than most bios you find on dvds.<br />Photos- no big deal- some candid  shots.<br />Widescreen and full screen formats- sweet.  Love it when they have  both.<br />And...sound is great.  Overall, nearly poi-fect dvd- I just  would've liked some out-takes- cuz we know there was a lot of laughing  going on from the reminiscing we hear on the commentary.<br />Buy it-  definately worth it- great menu too, pretty much everything is worth  mentioning!deal- some candid  shots.<br />Widescreen and full screen formats- sweet.  Love it when they have  both.<br />And...sound is great.  Overall, nearly poi-fect dvd- I just  would've liked some out-takes- cuz we know there was a lot of laughing  going on from the reminiscing we hear on the commentary.  <br />Buy it-  definately worth it- great menu too, pretty much everything is worth  mentioning!
1558803602|5.0|This movie is geared to max out a woman's emotions. I still hurt just thinking about this movie. Such love, such depth, such loss, such humour!  And Audrey Hepburn adds the final classy touch to this poignant movie.  Gotta have it in the collection! Also, made me think about and realize that  some of our national heroes don't get much recognition. Never thought about  what a pilot does to help put out fires and what they go through in  training. Way cool!
B000000ORX|4.0|Like most avid Joni fans I first came across her work through Blue and  Court and Spark - only later starting to collect her later albums too.   Having now bought all her albums apart from Dog Eat Dog I can honestly say  that this is one of her very best, and I totally agree with the other  reviewer who said this is an underrated record.  <br />With the possible  exception of Ray's Dad's Cadillac, every song is a gleaming gem, the  wonderful vocals, powerful lyrics and simple acoustic guitar arrangements  sounding so much better than the over-produced stuff Joni produced in the  80s.  The title track alone is worth the price of the CD and the haunting  Come In From The Cold has to be one of Joni's most beautiful songs ever.  I  would (of course!) give Blue and The Hissing Of Summer Lawns 5 stars and  although I totally love this album and think it is one of Joni's best 3 or  4 albums, it isn't quite as revolutionary as the Hissing.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Well, her songs were alright at first.<br />But after she uses the same song template 5 times, it gets annoying.  Most of her songs are cheap rip-offs  of good songs from the past.  My suggestion?  I like the song Lucky...just  tape it off the radio or download the MP3.  Don't waste your money getting  this CD full of junk.
1573226521|4.0|Taut thriller that parallels much of the classic Lord of the Flies.  In fact it's so similar it's hard to believe this novel hasn't been called on  the carpet for its blatant thievery of the classic.  What allows such a  theft is Garland's simple yet effective prose.  That and his ability to  transport readers to an exotic place with fairly good characterization of  the players in this book.  He is so effective that it would be impossible  for the reader not to visualize nearly every scene of this book.  He also  gets away with it because today's younger people have never read Lord of  the Flies and to them this is fresh and novel; and spoken in their terms,  complete with video games, drugs, and the obvious rebellion displayed by  the young adult characters.  Some parallels of this book and Lord of the  Flies must be pointed out.  The narrator's steely knife scene at the end is  equivalent to the steely knives the children of Lord used to kill the pig.   Mr. Duck is a longer drawn out version of the fly in the pig's head rising  off the ground and talking to the little boy.  The boat in this novel may  compare to the conch in Lord.  It's been a long time since I've read the  classic in school but I would guess that there must be a dozen direct  comparisons.  This is a quick read for its written simplicity.  It is also  a page turner for its edginess, which is completely driven by the narrator.   The ending was perhaps a bit of a let down but I'm not sure what sort of  ending would justify the suspense that develops in this book.  It's good  just for how well it does carry the suspense.  There are no heroes in this  story, nobody is particularly more likable than the others.  This speaks  much to how well written this is since readers usually must have a likable  principal character, rather than one that's no better than the rest.  In  that sense the comparison to The Secret History is just as valid to Lord of  the Flies.  This is more powerful, though, because it accomplishes the  degree of increasing suspense in fewer words and with more effect.  There  is not a single boring or banal scene in the whole book.  Every sentence  and every word has direct bearing on the overall feel of the book, the  overall mood that the author wishes to convey.  And maybe the book can be  faulted for its over simplistic writing.  Perhaps true layers do not exist  in the book.  Maybe there is no subtlety other than the subtlety that is  pointed out as obvious subtlety.  I am looking forward to Garland's next  work which is already out on shelves.  His second attempt will prove  whether or not he is modern day literary writer with the stuff that can be  counted on book after book.  Because this first novel of Garland's can  easily be dismissed as beginners luck, a flash in the pants, a one time  memoir-like greatness.  And finally will his future work be truly fresh  without the borrowed translation from another classic novel.  One thing's  for sure about this book, I was ready to light up a joint every time I  picked up the book and started to read.
630516889X|4.0|Underrated Schwarzenegger Classic! Starts out as a shoot-em up flick, but then turns into a psychological game of cat and mouse between Ahhnold and  the Alien predator. Good Action.
B000002TYX|3.0|The Beatles' Anthologies are meant for those fans that have an interest in  the band members' personalities and history, and not for those that enjoy  the Beatles on an music-only level. So if you're a fan, the kind that  enjoys reading books and watching tv specials about the band, then this'll  be a fun buy. <br />The music here is neither exceptional nor poor, so it  should be a decent listen. In order to get the most out of it though, you  should already have a good knowledge of the band and their studio  recordings. Seeing the variations in already-familiar tunes is the real  fun. So the Anthologies should be for fans only. I would recommend picking  up one of the more enjoyable and revealing 2nd or 3rd Anthologies if you're  on the fence on this one, and choosing from there.<br />One final note, unlike  the other two Anthologies, Anthology 1 covers a period where studio  experimentation was at a minimum, so there isn't as much insight into how  songs were being structured together. And the interview and live clips are  fun extras, but they're just not nearly as interesting as the stuff from  the next two Anthologies.
6300182355|5.0|This movie is GREAT! There isn't a thing I would change, the characters are enjoyable, the costumes amazing, the music kicks butt, and the  storyline is fun for everyone. This is a movie I can watch over and over  and love every minute of it!
0446677450|5.0|When I started reading Rich Dad, Poor Dad, I was expecting a high-hype,  get rich quick, motivational book.  However after reading only the first 20  pages of the book I was shocked to find that this is not the case at all.   Robert gives new concepts and ways of looking at money.  For me the biggest  thing was his standpoint on assets and liabilities.  When I used to think  of &quot;getting rich&quot; I would think 'high paying job', 'own my own  business'.  But as Robert explains this is not necessary at all.  A person  can become substantially rich off of his normal day job, by taking his  income and investing it in the assets column instead of the liabilities  column.  I know that doesn't make much sense now, but I encourage you to  read the book.  It could be one of the most mind-opening experiences you  ever encounter.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|Well oh well........        Rage is back, but without the needed  &quot;bang.&quot;  I usually enjoy listening to Rage and have both of their  previous albums, but this one is nothing special.  Rage seemed to evolve  between the first and second album, which really helped to make the second  album outstanding.  The sad thing is that the inverse happened on this new  album.  Rage seems to have regressed.  It seems to me that they have only  made a new group of songs that sound just like their old ones.  This is  unimpressive to me after seeing the evolution from their first to second  album.  Even though my politics differ greatly from that of Rage I stilled  liked their music.  However on the new album you have the same political  lyrics and the music isn't very good, this presents a serious problem for  me resulting in the fact that I didn't like this album.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Everything about this movie is top notch. The story line is fantastic. The animation is the best I've ever viewed in an animated movie. The  computer-generated effects flow smoothly with the hand-painted scenery.  This one is definetly a keeper.
0767803434|5.0|&quot;Air Force One&quot; is a gripping, exciting, edge of your seat thriller, it hits cruising speed with it's first scene and it nevr slows  down. Harrison Ford does a good job as the commander-in-chief, but it is  Gary Oldman who steals the show, his performance as a determined russian  terrorist is terrific. My only complaint about the movie is that it starts  to become weak toward the ending, other than that I feel that this is a  superb action thriller. The DVD is good also, while there aren't many  extras the picture quality is excellent and the audio will blast you out of  your seat.
0800196767|4.0|I watched Matilda on cable, and I found it very charming, funny, and enjoyed it alot.  It's the story of a little girl, who was a &quot;mistake&quot; according to her self-involved mother, who is played quite brilliantly by Rhea Perlman.  Matilda pretty much raises herself and teaches herself to read, by the age of 7, she is reading Moby Dick.   Once enrolled in school, she goes through a barrage of adventures and not always such pleasant ones.  It is a story that children can easily follow, and parents can rest easy.  This is probably one of the best family/children's movies I have ever seen.  I was very impressed by the performances of everyone in the cast.  Mostly impressed by the woman who plays the principal of the school, she really turned in a very convincing portrayal.   Matilda is definitely a great film for family viewing.  There are a few frightening parts, but all in all, it is full of wholesome entertainment that we can all appreciate.
B00004TRD8|5.0|&quot;Terminator 2&quot; is an awesome movie, without a doubt Schwarzenegger's and Cameron's best. The new DVD version makes this movie  even better by showing tons of behind-the-scenes material including the  entire screenplay. The original version of this film released on DVD was a  disapointment, the video and audio were exceptional but it really fell  short in the extras department. This DVD version gives you an overwhelming  amount of extras, 3 different versions of the film, 3 &quot;making of  &quot; featuretts, cast and crew commentaries, interviews and much more.  For those of you that own the first version of &quot;Terminator 2&quot; on  DVD: Get rid of it and get this version, for those of you that want this  movie but don't have it: get this version!
0780625129|5.0|This is a must-see movie! Insightful, powerful and best of all: unbowed to the ever-present pressure to be Politically Correct in the media. I was  amazed. This is a movie that is able to show a portion of the raw realities  of race and racial relations and yet leave a message about how damaging  hate can be without being preachy. Norton was good in Primal Fear, but this  is how I will remember him: powerful, passionate and eloquent. Rent it!
B00000ILDE|5.0|I always thought &quot;Aliens&quot; was an excellent movie, a great combination of action and sci-fi. But when I saw the special edition on DVD  I actually felt that the special edition surpasses the original version of  the film. The edited footage that has been put back in the film really adds  to the depths and dimensions of the characters, not to mention giving the  audience even more action. I feel that this is a Special edition that is  even better than the original.
B000001Y5J|5.0|Broken is a wonderful, sophisticated album by Trent Reznor.  After Pretty Hate Machine, which was very popular, Reznor could have continued to make lighter, more pop songs in the same style of PHM, but instead he chose to  musically mature.  Don't get me wrong, I love Pretty Hate Machine, but  Broken is better, and The Downward Spiral is better than Broken, and The  Fragile is better yet (Musically at least).  Reznor, like all great  musicians is constantly evolving, and that is why he is my hero.  If you  like NIN, then buy Broken.
B00000253N|5.0|This might be Bob Dylan's best album. It tugs at the heartstrings, but doesn't get all wishy-washy in doing so. This is by no means a musical or  lyrical departure for Dylan. It's simply another facet of his personality  and musicality. There are the usual blues (&quot;Meet Me in the  Morning&quot;), the well-known and energetic &quot;Tangled Up in  Blue,&quot; and the hopeful &quot;Shelter From the Storm.&quot;<br />But this  album also shows the hurt and nasty Bob Dylan that had just gone through a  painful divorce and had to face the press for so many years. &quot;You're a  Big Girl Now&quot; parallels Dylan and his ex-wife's separation and his  longing and pain in a beautiful ballad. But it's &quot;Idiot Wind&quot;  that really makes this a great album. It might be the nastiest song that  Dylan wrote (The chorus reads: &quot;Idiot wind, blowing every time you  move your teeth/You're an idiot maid, it's a wonder you still remember how  to breathe&quot;). <br />And the highlights don't stop there. &quot;Buckets of  Rain&quot; is another poignant ballad, and there is of course the  obligatory marathon song, this time in the form of &quot;Lily, Rosemary and  the Jack of Hearts,&quot; which has yet to be deciphered into actual  meaning.<br />But as I've said before, that's Dylan's charm. No one knows what  the hell he's talking about half the time. But on many moments throughout  this album, it's very evident what Dylan is talking about. His blood, your  blood, EVERYONE'S blood, on the tracks.
6304806426|2.0|From the many five-star reviews by Amazon reviewers, it seems that what happens is that the people who really liked this movie rush to review it to  tell the world how great they found it to be.  But the people who are  turned off simply don't bother reviewing it (with a few exceptions).  The  result, on the Amazon list anyway, is a wildly overrated movie.  I would  like to address my review to the readers who are genuinely interested in  getting a sincere recommendation whether or not they should see THE ENGLISH  PATIENT.  To those people, I have to say that the plot is a hodge-podge,  the characters are supremely uninteresting, you don't get involved either  in the characters or their stories, and the film is interminably long.   Why, then, do some people like it so much?  Partly because it's so  &quot;English,&quot; partly because of the numerous flashbacks which I  found totally distracting but some people find &quot;artistic,&quot; and  largely because of the slowly photographed scenery.  The scenery is quite  nice, actually, if they could have only superimposed upon it a movie that  had some intrinsic worth. If we had half-stars, I'd give THE ENGLISH  PATIENT one and a half stars. Maybe it's closer to two stars than to one,  so let's give it the benefit of the doubt.  Bottom line: don't say I didn't  warn you.
B0000024SD|4.0|This is one wacky record. Some of Dylan's most cryptic (or perhaps simply  meaningless) lyrics gliding over-top pure electric blues, in all forms,  alongside some beautiful (but always simplistic) acoustic ballads.<br />This  was Dylan's first studio album after &quot;plugging in,&quot; so while it  was not well-received by his folk-purist fans, the rest of the world  discovered the battled-hardened beauty of Dylan the rocker. But it is still  very difficult to call this rock music. Dylan's totally unique sound, while  I don't WANT to label it folk-rock, is closer to that than to actual  rock'n'roll. Regardless, it's great.<br />The opener, &quot;Subterreanean  Homesick Blues,&quot; shows a very different Dylan, as he recites lines  like &quot;Johnny's in the basement, mixin' up the medicine/I'm on the  pavement, thinkin' about the government&quot; over the rollicking  arrangement. From there the highlights abound, from the pounding  &quot;Outlaw Blues&quot; to what is quite possibly the most bizarre song  ever written, &quot;Bob Dylan's 115th Dream.&quot; You have to hear it to  believe it... really.<br />But it's two of the acoustic songs near the end of  the album that make it a must-have for Dylan fans. The epic &quot;Gates of  Eden&quot; is strummed out with determination and sung with heart, and the  brooding &quot;It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)&quot; is equally  powerful, although again, a little hard to understand...<br />And just like  his other albums, Dylan's charm lies in that he really isn't a very good  singer, and occasionally he has to forsake keeping the beat in lieu of  getting his lyrical point across. But the band seems to adjust rather well,  as did the rest of Dylan's fans to this phenomenal album.
B000002UAX|5.0|The beauty of this album is precisely that it's overflowing with so many  different songs, including the so-called \\"filler\\" - one of its many  pleasures is the inclusion of these sketches and notes for songs. Any  combination will make a favorites list depending on your mood, whatever  mood you might be in ... playful, thoughtful, sentimental, alienated, angry,  or just Out There. Granted, this isn't your usual Beatles album, with each  song a carefully crafted piece of art - it's more running your fingers  through a treasure chest, and coming up with a new handful of glittering  riches every time. Its sheer diversity *is* its art. And are so many people  still put off by a little experimentation like \\"Revolution 9\\" (a very  successful experiment, by the way)? An essential album for its breadth of  possibilities, very highly recommended.
B0000024SI|4.0|While &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; isn't quite as accessible as the  instant classic &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; or the raucously entertaining  &quot;Bringing It All Back Home,&quot; it's still a very, very good record,  if for no other reason, just because it contains &quot;Like a Rolling  Stone,&quot; probably the most easily recognized Dylan song.<br />But don't  take that to mean that's the only good song to be found here. &quot;From a  Buick 6&quot; rocks and rolls with plenty of fervor, &quot;Desolation  Row,&quot; while it is another 10-minutes-plus ballad, is well worth the  wait, and &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot; is a very moody, emotional  masterpiece.<br />There is a little bit of filler on this album, but nothing I  would call outright bad or unlistenable. All in all, it's another great  Dylan album well worth adding to your collection.
6304936362|2.0|...........and buy &quot;Twelve O'Clock High&quot;!  While it was nice to see the status of many of the surviving Fortresses, the film's  credibility was far too suspect to recommend it.  I mean Wyler's own  documentary of the Belle's last mission (actually a bit of a &quot;Milk  Run&quot;) is both more relevant - and, despite its blatantly clear  emphasis on war time propoganda, far more accurate.  I suspect that many  bomber crew members winced quite a bit when Modine decides to repeat the  bomb  run - and in so doing run the risk of incurring still more casualties  -so as to avoid bombing a nearby school!
B000002LCX|4.0|The Smiths are such an awesome band.  Morrissey is unique and intriguing,  with a cool vocal style.  Their last album is full of all the loathing,  bitterness and sarcasm you've come to expect, along with a campy charm that  makes this so listenable.  The sound is tight; drums crisp, bass groovin',  Johnny Marr jams out again utilizing smooth acoustic to feedback and  distortion, Morrissey of course shines with fantastic lyrics and primo  vocals.    <br />My favorites are:  &quot;Death Of A Disco  Dancer&quot;/&quot;Girlfriend In A Coma&quot;/&quot;Stop Me If You Think  You've Heard This One Before&quot;/&quot;Last Night I Dreamt That Somebody  Loved Me&quot;/&quot;Unhappy Birthday&quot;/&quot;Paint A Vulgar  Picture&quot;/&quot;I Won't Share You.&quot;
6305622825|5.0|and an awesome movie all around. I really enjoyed this movie. Sean Connery played at his best! The plot pulls you in, and then smacks you in the face!  'Twas quite an enjoyable movie. Sean Connery and Catherine Zeta-Jones  seemed like an odd pair at first, but it just added even more intrigue to  the plot! I really enjoyed the ending, and hope that there will be a sequel  made. YOU HAVE GOT TO SEE THIS MOVIE!  :-)
B00004W5UA|4.0|The movie, \\"Fight Club\\" is the story of the socially-challenged Jack, a 30-year old man who lives in an urban area. Jack is suffocated by his job  and badly suffering from insomnia. At the beginning of the movie, the  interesting point that drew my attention was Jack's struggle to find an  appropriate club or association, in order to overcome his problems and  distress. Furthermore, in the movie, thousands of  social clubs and   self-help groups' adds on  newspapers gives clues about aspects of urban  life and social interactions in highly industrialised societies.I think the  movie, &quot;fight club&quot;, so far is one of the richest movie in terms  of urban sociology. It reflects an aspect of a young man's life, fellings,  fears and problems in a highly industrialized city. The urban life is quite  hectic, competitive and almost every social movement has been  institutionalised. It is possible to see many social associations clubs,  these clubs are for variety of specific groups in those societies, such as  associations or clubs for subcultures, gays, feminists or for people who  have cancer. As people are away from their parents or relatives or have an  limited time to see his/her parents or relatives in urban life, people  usually feel alienated from the whole society in urban areas, they,  therefore, prefer to share or solve their problems through psychiatrists or  social clubs and self-help groups. That was the case, as far as I have  noticed in the movie, since Jack(Edward Norton) was living alone in an  urban area and probably he was away from his parents and relatives, by  looking at newspaper adds he was trying to find a self-help group to solve  his sleeping disorder. Obviously, I suppose, people in urban areas view  these associations or self-help clubs as essential part of urban social  life, in such clubs people meet people who suffer from the same problems or  who belong to the same ethnicity or group. Thus, people are able to deal  with their loneliness and alienation in urban areas. These association and  self-help clubs in urban areas virtually replace with strong friendship,  kinship and other close social relationships in individuals hometowns or in  rural areas.         In addition to urban alienation, which occurs as a  result of lack social ties and interaction among individuals in urban  areas, commodity is the second step for those who experience urban  alienation. In the movie, Jack was quite upset when he saw all his  furniture was burned in his apartment, and he said that \\"my furniture was  me\\". By this statement, it can clearly be concluded that Jack virtually  identified himself with his furniture and the other properties that he  held, besides he viewed them as important parts of his life. Obviously,  this scene is a good example of commodity fetishism. In commodity  fetishism, alienated people, in urban areas, virtually identify themselves  with their wealth and properties. Individuals' cars, furniture, houses,  wealth and even type of credit cards are the chief indicators of their  prestige and status. Commodity fetishism is especially valid in the urban  areas of highly industrialised countries.         For me, the movie, \\"The  Fight Club\\", is not just a movie but a reflection of the highly  industrialized societies within their own institutionalized structure. In  the movie, therefore,  the importance of self-help clubs and other social  association clubs in urban areas are emphasised. The terms such as urban  alienation and commodity fetishism are clearly displayed in some specific  scenes of the movie.
B00000DR5D|3.0|This is a transitional album for Tangerine Dream, embodying the dark  ambient style of thier early period with the repetitive arpeggiated synths  of thier latter day period. The addition of acoustic instruments is  interesting and works well, but this album is often too repetious.  However, in essense, this album is Tangerine Dream's last good album.  After this, Tangerine Dream began thier descent into the soulless boring  joke that it is today.  It never ceases to amaze me how a band that  released albums of such beauty and power as Ziet and Rubycon can suddenly,  in the last two decades, make music that wouldn't sound out of place in a  exercise video or infomercial.  Ricochet is one of the few albums in which  Tangerine Dream used thier repetitive synth patterns successfully.  Certianly not a must have for first-time TD listeners, but a must for those  who enjoy Tangerine Dreams early period.
B000002I4W|5.0|Forty years after the fact, its hard to see what all the fuss was about  upon this release. Now we recognize Coleman as a great composer, Lonely  Woman is perhaps his best as well as a great improvisor. This album swings!  And Coleman's blues playing is especially fine. How any one can really  listen to this cd and think COleman is cold or chaotic is beyond my  comprehension. This is music that speaks of the human experience!
0804106304|5.0|This is probably one of the best books I have ever read.  I think it is  very influential and shows how we try so hard not to be like our parents  but we really are just like them. A lot of people could not follow the book  but you really just have to pay attention to it and it's not hard.  I  really enjoyed reading it because I remember when it came out on video when  I was younger and didn't understand it but went out and bought it over the  summer. Good Reading!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|There is just so much stuff on this DVD is not to be missed. I havwe never seen a DVD with this much stuff on it, it's so worth the price.  I even  heard that there is a third edition of T2 on this disc with 5 extra never  before seen footage.  If anyone knows where it is please say..  once again  INCREDIBLE
6304613113|5.0|Each of these four great Batman films each has something special about them to make them good. Batman is the best of the series, with Michael  Keaton debuting as Batman co-starring an overboard Jack Nicholson as The  Joker and a resourceful Kim Basigner as reporter Vicki Vale. Anton Furst's  art direction won an Oscar, and the score is marvelous by Danny Elfman. The  cinmatography has a sense of majesty and darkness to it, and the screenplay  is well-done. Burton's direction is clever, and if that's not enough, the  story is good, there are some great action sequences, and the performances  are rich. Almost perfect. Batman Returns is the second best of the series,  following the same style as the first film with Burton back in the  director's chair and Keaton as Batman. Danny DeVito is excellent as the  Penguin, he's so good you won't know it's DeVito. The production design is  far more amazing and dark, and Danny Elfman's score is even better than his  first one. Michelle Pfeiffer is great as the emotionally complex Selina  Kyle/Catwoman and Christopher Walken is equally good as corrupt tycoon Max  Schreck. The action is a bit ridiculous, but the cinematography is even  more majestic and dark , the feel is much improved, and the makeup is  unbelieveable. Oscar nominations for makeup and visual effects. As with  Batman and Batman Forever, DeVito boasts a classic villain line (&quot;You  don't really think you'll win, do you?&quot;) The sound and film editing  are slightly improved, yet the screenplay is bad. But overall, terrific.  Batman Forever is such a change from Batman Returns that you could have  named this film Batman Colorful. Not that it is bad, in fact it is very  good. Val Kilmer takes over the role of the Dark Knight and does a very  worthy job, yet Chris O' Donnell is okay but annoying as Robin The Boy  Wonder. Nicole Kidman plays Dr.Chase Meridian fairly well, but the best  thing  of the film is the villain combination. Tommy Lee Jones is an almost  perfect Two-Face, and Jim Carrey is entertaining but obnoxious as The  Riddler. He needs class and intelligence. Joel Schumacher's direction is  very well done, and there is a great sense of epic in this film, but it is  different from the first two films' epic senses. That is perhaps because  the film is so big and loud. The new Batmobile is incredible, as are the  new Batwing, the Batboat, and the Batsub. The new hardware and suits are  great two. This film lacks the tremendous (and better) cinematography style  of the first two films, and instead is more modern and still good but  somehow walked off with an Oscar nomination. Other Oscar nominations for  Best Sound and Best Sound Effects Editing, both deservedly. Great action, a  good screenplay, and a perfect formula of balancing the scenes thanks to  editor Dennis Virkler. John Dykstra's special effects are incredible.  Marred only by the absence of Tim Burton, Danny Elfman, the sense of  darkness, and a poor climax. But overall, very good. Batman &amp; Robin is  the worst of the bunch, but isn't that bad. Clooney takes over the role of  the Caped Crusader and does a fair job, O' Donnell is very annoying as  Robin, and Mr.Freeze ( a funny Arnold Scharwzenegger) and Poison Ivy (a  nasty Uma Thurman) are the villains this time around. Schumacher's  direction is badly done this time, and the screenplay is terrible. There is  a major overdose of eye candy, but that isn't so bad at all, it's great!  The cinematography is sharp, the sets are lavish, and the costumes are  really good (especially Batman's, Robin's, Mr.Freeze's, and Poison Ivy's).  The other parts of the Batman Forver production group are brought back,  including Dennis Virkler's great editing, the loud, incredible sound and  sound effects editing, John Dykstra's super special effects, and Elliot  Godenthal's average score. The sense of epic that the first few films  possedssed are sadly lost, and replaced with extreme cheesiness and  senseless action. Overall, okay.
B00004TWZG|4.0|This version of the movie is great but the 5.1 surround is close to non existent.  The movie itself deserves 5 stars but because of the sound  problem the dvd only deserves 4.  The Pro Logic surround is actually better  than the 5.1!
0316777722|5.0|David Sedaris' typical irreverence takes a new, French turn in his latest  book of essays.  Reading through Sedaris' struggle to be a fluent  American-in-Paris is truly hilarious, and his gift for communicating the  irony and comedy of humanity (both his own and that of the people he  encounters) reaches its pinacle in this book.  A must-read for anyone!
6305903182|5.0|I don't need to explain the plot, I'm not going to tell you anything (above you can read what you have to know)... I just wanna say that this  movie is the best part of the trilogy, and one of the best movies (no  kidinn') ever made. Also, the bonus materiall on this DVD is just  fantastic. Anyone who don't like Scream movies will be suprised with Scream  3, and for all of you who admire these movies and Wes... Don't read  further... Buy this DVD!
0684869713|4.0|Beautifully written, an interesting view of a often dark side of humanity.   kind of left me questioning everything.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is simply the best CD on the market, nothing else even comes close.  Eminem is a amazing rapper and proves it on this album.  His lyrics are  funny one minute,like on &quot;Criminal&quot; and &quot;The Real Slim  Shady&quot;, and the next serious,like in &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;The  Way I Am&quot;. There really is only one bad song on this CD,  &quot;Remember Me&quot;, but other than that they're all great.  While this  CD isn't for everyone, you really should pick it up if you like rap.
B00001SIES|1.0|predictable blather. im very sorry, but this is just  going too far. i  write songs sometimes, and the one true accomplishment is making something  unique, with it's own atmosphere, so when people hear it they say, i know  exactly who that was. im sure this album is fine, but i cant listen to it  without thinking about how the singer is trying to be something he's not.  just be yourself man, its the one thing we are ALL good at.
B000002JNJ|5.0|This CD is incredible. It was the first Pantera album I purchased and was  a real treat. When I bought it I was a big Metallica fan so I thought I'd  give Pantera a try. I loved the CD so much I went back the next day and  bought all the Pantera albums I could find. The moods and heaviness shift  frequently and efectivelly. Pantera is an incredible band with many  incredible albums, among them: Cowboys From Hell.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This DVD version of the film is worth having for many different reason.  The fact that it offers both versions of the film on the same disc is the  most noteworthy.  The new version includes footage that was mostly  unneccessary, but still satisfying and gives the movie a more fleshed out  feel. The inclusion of the T-1000 malfunctioning is the only great  addition.  That aside, this DVD is a great buy simply because of the sound  and picture quality and all of the extras.  If you appreciate and are  interested in how a blockbuster is made, you will love these extras.  An  added bonus to the disc are the great menus and fantastic THX intro made  especially for the DVD.  Anyone who has surround sound will fall over with  joy.  If you like what the DVD format brings to watching a movie at home,  then you absolutely MUST have this edition.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is the finest album ever recorded.
0767903854|5.0|Bill Bryson is Andy Roony junior. I love a guy who enjoys walking places  and finding the humor in every aspect of life. If this don't make you  smile, your too serious.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is the finest album released in the last quarter of the 20th Century,  Kurt Cobain the most gifted pop artist since John Lennon.  For people of my  age who grew up in the 70s, Nirvana may seem hard to listen to at first; it  may even be confused with heavy metal &quot;noise.&quot;  But give it a  chance, because the power of Kurt Cobain's artistry is extraordinary.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is one of the best science fiction films ever made. A definite must for your collection. The script, photography, acting and direction are all  perfectly in balance.
0060919760|5.0|I am writing this review several years after reading and re-reading this  book several times. I can't imagine that every human being hasn't already  read this book, but just in case, I strongly urge you to buy and read this  book and then pass it on to someone you really care about. It was given to  me by a friend and I read it cover to cover in record time. I could not put  it down. After reading this book, I found that I was making, almost  unconsciously, incredible changes in my thoughts and my life. I felt as if  I had been &quot;enlightened&quot;. Like I had miraciously obtained a  &quot;key&quot; to a higher concsiousness. I actually felt sorry for those  around me that had not read the book and also obtained an  &quot;answer&quot;. The writing and ideas are extremely simple, clear and  most of all &quot;usable&quot;, not just another book of psyco-babble. BUY  THIS BOOK - TODAY!!
B00004TL21|2.0|I love TRL and the kings of metal P.O.D. told me to vote for this and I  did and it was cool.  I bought the album and I put it on and it scared me.   I was like &quot;hey they have heavy guitars like KoRn&quot; but the lyrics  are scary.  The song Knife Prty played and I almost stabbed my Micheal  Jordan poster but then the song was over and I threw the knife out the  window.  Needless to say I don't listen to this album much but I like  Ponies and Change in the house of flies is cool cause Carson likes it so I  gave it a 2 instead of a 1.  Long live SR-71!!!!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|I had reservations about seeing the movie with the all of the original scenes.  I was afraid that they would not quite fit in or degrade the story in some way.  However, I was very pleased.  The extra scenes are great and the whole experience of seeing new things is just awesome.  If you're a fan of this movie, you'll love the special edition.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Well, it's Britney Spears.  It's about as good as anyone can expect from the formulated dancer (notice I didn't give her the word  &quot;singer&quot;)... and in some ways to someone who really appreciates  good music it can still be a damn good guilty pleasure!   Songs like  &quot;Lucky&quot; and &quot;Where Are You Now?&quot; Are pleasant to listen  to, and if one's not in the mood for something too deep... Britney's album  can be a fun CD.... I wouldn't advise taking it too seriously- but I mean,  who bought this cd looking to be impressed?
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is simply a fantastic book, and has now become one of my  favorites. Chuck Palahniuk writes dialogue so amazingly well and Fight Club  has so many memorable lines you'll find yourslef repeating them long after  you've put this book down. The Fight Club book is very close to the David  Fincher Movie and is an extremely enjoyable to read either before or after  seeing the movie. When they go back and look at the top books of our time  Fight Club will certainly be on that list!
B00004TRD8|4.0|I just picked up this DVD yesterday, 3 years after Cyberdyne Systems was supposed to take over the world. The DVD's interface is cool. It's the  first double-sided, dual-layer DVD I've seem to date. I've not looked at  any of the extras on the disc. I primarily bought it for the special  version with extra footage. I give the movie 4 stars because I was not very  impressed with the 5.1 audio track. The packaging with the metal sleeve is  innovative yet cloogy.
0060196122|5.0|I am great fan of Coelho's and absolutely love his books and the messages  that they impart.  This is the third book of his that I have read and I  found his latest book to be no different!  This is an excellent book - it  will have you questioning your own life and the value that you do or don't  place on it.<br /> As some of the reviewers have said - this is a book about  life and not about death and I could not agree more.  After an unsuccessful  attempt at suicide, Veronika awakens in a mental hospital with a grim death  sentence hanging over her head of only having five days left to live.  Her  conformist way of life, her mediocrity, her stifled creativity, as well as  her unwillingness to take risks or challenges, are all brought into the  limelight for the reader to \\"feel\\".  The reader experiences many emotions  on Veronika's journey during the remaining five days of her life.  We are  treated to what her dream \\"would have been\\" if she followed her heart and  allowed her emotions and passions to shine through.<br />Veronika's five-day  metamorphosis is in effect her rebirth into life. She allows her buried  feelings, passions and creativity to surface and to be acknowledged.  Her  brief stay also influences other patients in the hospital, as they too  undergo their own rebirth into the joy of living.<br />The ending of this tale  will come as a surprise to some readers, to others maybe not.  Nonetheless,  this book is excellent and will re-confirm to the reader just how precious,  joyous and love-filled life is. This book also brings home many messages,  the most important one being - life is what you make it - it is your choice  and your choice alone - one can either live life to the fullest or be a  walking zombie as Veronika was.<br />I thoroughly recommend this book as  another inspiring and thought provoking book by Paulo Coelho.  I very much  look forward to his next book.
6305905401|1.0|I rented this movie because I heard that it was good, but aftersitting through just about 2 hours through this, I'd have to call it torture.<br />The Ninth gate is about a mercenary book dealer (whom obviously enjoys smoking and drinking, because he does it in almost every scene.  In fact, it seems the EVERYONE in this movie enjoys smoking...) that looks for three copies of a book that was said the be co-authored by Lucifer himself.  Meanwhile, he is aided by a strange woman that can &quot;magically&quot; fly around and always seems to be there.  From the promising beginning to the ludicriously STUPID ending which will have you saying, &quot;Huh?&quot;, The Ninth gate will have you yawning non-stop, because this movie is extremely slow-paced and has no climax or anti-climaxes at all...even a car chase scene near the end wasn't all that &quot;heart-pounding.&quot; I watched it with my parents, and they actually fast-forwarded through a lot of the movie.  And guess what?  We didn't miss much, either!  This movie is NOT an action-packed thriller, it is more of a psycho-suspense thriller...not that I got any suspense out of this movie.<br />I thought that The Ninth Gate was a movie for the intellectual people out there because of the plot, but the intelligent people would be the ones that turn off the movie early and do something else.<br />To wrap it up, The Ninth Gate is a very dull and slow-paced movie that is best left alone, or if you MUST sit through it, fast-forwarded through. Believe me, you won't miss much either way.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Quite possibily yes. It gives &quot;Fight Club&quot; and &quot;The Abyss&quot; a run for it's money. This DVD has 3 (yes 3) versions of the movie. The regular version, the special edition with all kinds of extra footage, and a 3rd hidden extended special edition with another 3 minutes of footage and a different ending. DTS sound, 5.1, 2.0 all dolby sound, all the time. It's all here.<br />THe extras, oh my god the extras. There are tons and tons of featurettes, about really every aspect of the movie. They are all laid out in these cool cyberdyne systems menus that are really fun to navigate. The extended special footage is here to view seperately, since on side one you have to &quot;unlock&quot; it (type the judgement day date in with your keypad after you select special edition but before you start the movie, a quote saying the future is not set will come on the screen). <br />There is a commentary, but it's not that great. It's quotes from all the featurettes pulled together so it really sounds like a production instead of a few guys sitting around watching and talking about the movie. This is the one soft spot on the DVD. <br />This is Cameron's best flick, and it gets the royal treatment here.
B00004T8RK|2.0|what happend to the old pearl jam?  this cd is pretty boring.  there's no  jumping around on the cd.  tracks 5 and 6 or good even without the  wildness, but they lost it.
0316777722|5.0|A hilarious trip down memory lane for David  Sedaris, shared with us  through clever, funny, insightful essays.  Glimpses of his childhood,  family, therapy sessions, guitar lessons, career challenges, adventures in  Europe easily makes him everybodys favorite underdog.  He says he has no  talent, mocks himself and makes you laugh and weep.  This gentleman can  write.  This hilarious affair of the heart is a &quot;must- read&quot;.  Wait until you read &quot;Picha Pocketoni&quot; and &quot;Nutcacker. com  deux.  David Sedaris is a very talented &quot;writeroni&quot;.  Oops-  excuse the pun.
B00004T8RK|2.0|what happend to the old pearl jam?  this cd is pretty boring.  there's no  jumping around on the cd.  tracks 5 and 6 or good even without the  wildness, but they lost it.
B000002MG1|5.0|R.E.Ms sometimes melancholic, sometimes rowdy melodies have always  fascinated me. Influence of Neil Young is strong in bands music. Everybody  has surely heard &quot;Man On The Moon&quot;, &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;  or &quot;Drive&quot;, as theyve been played often on MTV or radio.  Absolutely fantastic songs!! But are these mega-hits the only reason to buy  the album??? No, because one thing that makes R.E.M sound R.E.M is Michael  Stipes emotional and intensive singing. This guy makes even the albums  modestier tracks sound larger than life. Ingenuity of the lyrics is also  Stipes credit. But dont get me wrong; he is not R.E.M. These other have  also earned their place in the band. Songwriting is not usually  one-man-process. One song from the album that I really touched me, is  &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;. Thats absolutely the most beautiful song Ive  ever heard!! Of course &quot;Automatic For The People&quot; is one of the  most signifigant albums made in last decade, so if you wanna understand  music of the 90s, youd better listen it and let those sweet melodies  creep into your head.
B00004T8RK|2.0|what happend to the old pearl jam?  this cd is pretty boring.  there's no  juming around on the cd.  tracks 5 and 6 or good even without the wildness,  but they lost it,
6305750750|1.0|I don't go to the movies much anymore. I prefer watching DVD &amp; Laser Discs on my Mitsubishi 16:9 home theater with my 151 lb Rotweiller by my side. Both Dusty &amp; I were very disappointed in the Phantom Menace in VHS letterbox. Aside from the weak plot, the unrealistic special effects were the biggest let down. Many of the computer generated scenes were inferior to those of the average computer game &amp; reminded me of bad comic book art. The sound was also not up to par. Dusty slept through the entire show without stiring. He usually interacts with most DVD releases, i.e., trying to look behind the screen, perking his ears at the surround sound, &amp; sometimes charging outside to repell imagined trespassers. George Lucas was right not to release on DVD. The flaws in &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; are apalling enough on VHS! In my opinion, this is the worst &quot;Star Wars&quot; installment to date! Junius &amp; Dusty Updyke, Bristol, TN
0060930349|3.0|A History of the American People by Paul Johnson, is 976 pages that adequately covers 400 years of American history.  While it is admirable  that anyone would go through such a labor as to research and write such a  volume, this one is particularly unforgiving to the reader ending somewhat  abruptly and in a disappointingly strong conservative tone.  Parts one  through six are impressive, describing a somewhat easy to follow history  and relaying important, but not all significant, episodes of the American  past.  However, the last two parts seem to be detached from the rest of the  book and frequently delve into obscurities, sacrificing the tale of key  historical events.  Perhaps this reflects the English view of modern  America.  A majority of the book is worth the read and relates the  never-ending ability of America to continually reinvent itself. But it is  important to understand that it is a view of American history written from  afar.
B000002TQV|5.0|It was easy for critics, and indeed the rest of the early-90s music  audience, to pass Radiohead off as a one-hit wonder (&quot;Creep&quot;), a  band that could not survive when grunge began it's rapid downfall off the  charts. Amazingly, it seems almost as if this one-hit wonder with a less  than stellar first album (&quot;Pablo Honey&quot;) may in fact be the  saviors of the rock genre.<br />While their closest sound brothers, U2 and  R.E.M., have strayed from their rock and roll roots (U2 towards the  electronic, R.E.M. to the world of slow, murky ballads), Radiohead seems to  be quietly adding to the collection of the all-time greatest rock albums  with this album, &quot;The Bends&quot;, and obviously also &quot;OK  Computer.&quot;<br />I am not here to discuss the merits of &quot;OK  Computer,&quot; but it would be ludicrous for any legitimate review to  ignore the ties and cross-influences between the two albums. You can not  easily review one album without mentioning the other: the release of  &quot;Kid A&quot; may even compound this further, possibly elevating  Radiohead to the realm of &quot;3's&quot;: three incredible albums released  in succession with strong ties to one another and also to the current  environment in which they were released (the only other bands to do this  successfully, and this is an arguable point, may be The Beatles and Rolling  Stones, and possibly Pink Floyd.)<br />&quot;The Bends&quot; is far more  accessible and mainstream than &quot;OK Computer,&quot; and hence many  critics say (wrongly) slightly less brilliant. I am not going to analyze  individual songs here, but much like &quot;OK Computer&quot; the album  works better on the whole than on the piece. From track 1, the songs flow  into and within one another, the sonic distortions and smooth switches  between the rocking and the floating, the lyrical flow from the  high-pitched frontman Thom Yorke all contribute to a haunting yet  well-produced and entertaining album. <br />&quot;The Bends&quot; is simply a  necessary album for anyone's collection. Released when the music world was  one the verge of switching to the boy band/girl pop and the imitation  alternative acts were running rampant, it is an album that very well could  have kept good rock and roll alive for those of us who know what good rock  and roll sounds like.
B00003CXFV|3.0|I have to admit that I enjoyed this movie - Groundbreaking cinema, no.  I thought that the story was engaging, made incredible by the fact that it  was based on actual facts.  I have to say that Ms. Brockovich earned every  dollar of that bonus - what should have been a routine pro bono job was  revealed to be a horrible corporate cover-up.  This said, I don't think  this film will be remembered much two years down the line.  <br />Julia  Roberts gives a Julia Roberts performance.  While this was adequate, I  never felt any sense of desperation in her character, even when she was  down to 3 hungry children and $76 in the bank, with no job prospects in  sight.  I think of Holly Hunter's performance in The Firm as the  short-skirted secretary/accomplice of Tom Cruise's Mitch character and how  she oozed that sense of white trash.  Ms. Roberts ALWAYS exuded a sense of  self-confidence.  I know that much was made of the provocative clothing  when this film was released.  That didn't bother me, but what did was the  fact that her entire wardrobe (all 25 changes or so?) seemed to come from  Richard Gere's Gold Card shopping spree on Rodeo Drive.  She just never  looked as poor and desperate as the film would have the viewer believe.   She always wore what appeared to be designer clothes (with matching shoes,  of course).  I also thought that some development as to what led to her  second divorce would have helped (yes, she was brash to the point of  obnoxious).  That divorce must have occurred while she was pregnant, or  shortly after the birth of the baby.  Why didn't he pay child  support?<br />These minor complaints aside, this was, as others have noted,  what Civil Action should have been.  The denouement was worth the wait - a  satisfying ending to the ordeal endured by the victims of PG&amp;E.
B00004S6GL|5.0|Elliott Smith is quite simply the best living songwriter in the world. You  can't afford to miss this album.  The songs are intelligent and simple, yet  extremely expressive. Buy it now!!
B00004TRD8|4.0|In the technical details displayed on-line it states that there are three different versions of the movie.  This is not true.  There is the  theatrical version and the special edition previously available on the  laserdisc version.  Where is the third version?  There is however some  scenes, including the original ending, in the making of T2.  The sound is  good but sometimes I think the sound on my laserdisc is superior.  The  picture is also good.  The extra features such as video and audio tests are  nothing special.  Most receivers are equipped with these same tests.  Some  features this DVD has are misleading but overall it is a good buy.
0808514628|5.0|Hello! ...I've read most of the reviews on here. They range from 4 to 5  stars with an ocassional bad review thrown into the mix (go figure) I cant  offer much more than whats alreaddy been said. but what i will offer is  from the perspective of a 27 year old guy...For starters, dont even kid  yourself into thinking this is for women only,..its not...and you dont have  to be a new age sensetive guy either to enjoy the full spectrum of emotions  this book will put you through..at times i laffed out loud so hard i  thought my belly would burst open...and at other times i would find myself  crying and the tears would stream down my face so much that my eyes would  sting and burn so that i would have to wait a few mintues to begin readding  again..this book was a rollor coaster ride for me...it just so happened  that i stumbled upon this book while my sister was cleaning out her  closet...i figured,..i'de give it a read..and never imagined in a million  years that it would have such an effect on me,..once i got through the  first 50 or so pages,..i jus couldnt put it down...and when i was  through...i was sad it was over..maybe johnny nolan reminded me of my own  father...the not so educated but oh so handsome drunk...or maybe katie  nolan, the hard work'n practical mother of francie and neely nolan, which  reminded me of my own mother, all i can say is..if u get the  chance...please do yourself a favor and take the oppertunity to read this  book! men,esspecially...cause this is definetly NOT 4 WOMEN ONLY!
B00000K2SC|5.0|Matrix delivers it all, action, animaton, special effects, suspense and MORE! This is such a great movie, I also suggust seeing The Cube and The  Cell if you like messed up in the head movies :)
0140433627|5.0|Frankenstein is part of our literary heritage. Halloween would not be complete without images of a large green monster wearing bolts in his neck.  However, the origins of this monster conceal a horror far greater than the  character popular culture has embraced.<br />For me, it is not the actions of  the monstrous laboratory experiment that frighten me, but the act of the  monster's creation itself. Mary Shelley created a novel that places the act  of creation into the hands of one man, an idea which eliminates the  necessity of the female sex. Technology has usurped the need for  male-female partnership. What a horrific idea!<br />Dr. Victor Frankenstein  was terrified of female power. His feelings of torment concerning his  fiancee, including a particularly unsettling dream passage concerning her,  led him to strip the female sex of child-bearing responsibility. If a  single man can create another man then natural laws no longer apply, the  male and female of a species no longer live in symbiosis.<br />This is the  fantastic premise behind this classic horror novel. Some of the writing is  crude; one instance in particular is when the monster teaches himself to  read after conveniently finding a satchel of books by the side of the road.  This is an example of the inexperience Shelley had as a writer; however  such breaks in the story are minimal and should not overly detract from the  reader's enjoyment.  This is a wonderful book.
6305750750|5.0|To everyone who bashes the Phantom Menace I ask, could you have done any better?  I think not!  George Lucas is a genius!  Episode I is a  Masterpiece and it serves it's purpose well, which is too introduce the  charcters.  I love it as much as Episodes 4,5 and 6.  Also, people say it  doesn't live up to A NEW HOPE.  Well, they may have forgotten but Episode  4: A NEW HOPE was critized in the same way THE PHANTOM MENACE was!  People  were not in love with Episode 4 when it was released either.
B000002TYK|5.0|I love the Foo Fighters. This is by far my favorite album by them. The  first five tracks are all sweet. &quot;For all the cows&quot; is a great  song. It is a little bit easier than the rest of the album, but it is still  sweet. If you have ever heard the Foo Fighters and like them, buy this. It  is by far their best album (even though the other ones are sweet) This is a  littler harder than the their latest one, but comparable to the middle one.  All the tracks on this Cd are great. Buy it now!
B00004TH6O|5.0|Rated R is the album of the year hands down.  Throw Masters of Reality,  Stone Temple Pilots, and Kyuss into a blender and you get QOTSA.  I know  Kyuss fans are gonna hate me for saying this but Rated R leaves every Kyuss  album in the dust, by far.  It's rare these days to find an album you can  listen to on the whole and be completely satisfied.  These are some of the  best songs I have heard in the last ten years.  Its no big surprise that  chris goss contributed much to this album, as he has consistently turned  out essential music since forming Masters of Reality.  Buyer Beware this is  not Kyuss, so if you're looking for Sky Valley II look elsewhere.  Rated R  suceeds on every level, an essential album for anyone and everyone that  mixes catchy hooks, screeching vocals, fat bass lines, and fantastic lyrics  to produce a modern masterpiece of rock.
B00004U3UG|4.0|Having been a diehard Evil Dead/AOD fan (I saw Evil Dead in the movie theaters as a kid), I was willing to fork over for the Director's Cut when  I recently bought a DVD player.  I didn't have the theatrical version on  DVD, but I did have a VHS copy.  I do have both versions now. <br />     The  quality problems just don't seem that obvious to me.  Didn't detract from  my enjoyment of the movie at all.  The Director's Cut contains 15 minutes  of extra footage, but doesn't state where they are (mostly the windmill  scene).  My only real complaints with the movie are: <br />  1) Does not  contain the S-Mart ending.  Considering the Theatrical version contains the  alternate ending, this was a real blunder. It's a DVD, guys, there's plenty  of room for that stuff, and I expect a limited-edition Director's Cut to  contain lots of goodies. <br />  2) Doesn't make it easy to find out where the  'new' footage is.  I'm an AOD fan, but I do have a full-time job, and  simply can't afford to sit there and memorize the movie backwards and  forwards.    <br />    That said -- I was happy with it.  I do have some  questions as to why Raimi made the changes that he did for the Director's  Cut version.  (The windmill scene could've been cut for length, I can buy  that.  But why, why, why, would he change out 'Good...bad...I'm the guy  with the gun' for a throwaway line like &quot;I ain't that good&quot; in  the director's cut?  The line in the theatrical version is much more  memorable and cooler.  I thought the special effects featurette was cool as  well.
630588255X|5.0|This has been a favourite of mine for many years.  I had to buy it.  It is about the imortality of youth, the mortality/morality of humanity, the frailty of relationships and life, the universe &amp; everything!!!  It is the only film I know of that I can watch in any occasion and feel something different towards every single time I view it.  Never sentimental, it treats its viewer intellegently.<br />Ruth Gordon turns in one of the most moving performances I have ever witnessed in the cinema, but it is the young Bud Cort that steals this film as the morose, palid, mousey Harold.  He is an extremely gifted actor, even early in his career... it seems a shame that he is seemingly wasting himself on lesser films lately (Bud, if your reading this, the only good film I've seen you do recently was DOGMA... no offence...) <br />Now that it is on DVD it can be introduced to a whole new generation; wether they cotton on to its &quot;cosmic dance&quot; is another question!!!  That said, I think it would be nice to do a special edition version with interviews with the surviving cast members, especially Bud Cort.
B000007R0S|4.0|This DTS CD is not a good run for the money with respect to the DVD DTS  version. For about the same money you get touching video footage and  beautifully engineering photography, plus extras like the band interviews  which the CD does not have. After all, if you have the equipment to decode  DTS, you are likely to be able to buy and play the DVD  instead.<br />Otherwise, the excellent music in this recording a mandatory  addition to every Eagles fan and audiophile.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I think the reason that as many people hate this film as love it is because it is so off-beat from typical hollywood fare, it can tend to scare  away some viewers.  I myself am completely wowed by this film and its DVD.   <br />One thing that really sets this film apart from others is its limited  amount of editing. Watch something cool, like &quot;Run Lola Run&quot;, and  you'll see razor-tight editing.  It's an action flick. This one runs with  the editing somewhat sloppy, giving it a very organic feel.  The dialogue  is also very organic. Characters stumble in their words.  Yes. They talk  like real people... every time I watch a movie I can never hear them  stumbling to say something.  And if the &quot;uhhhh&quot; comes up, it's  very artificial. This is especially evident in a lot of old movies where  there actors shout their lines at high speed, sounding so ridiculously  unnnatural. And now, movies tend to edit things down so that you get the  maximum impact from the least amount of words.  This one is different.  <br />The DVD: Has a second CD full of trailers/teasers/ additional scenes  filmed but not used, some bloopers, a music video, and a dairy of the  production of the show..  This is top notch stuff to add on to the DVD and  I'm happy it took a bit longer to come out to put all that neat stuff  here!<br />All in all, this purchase you will not regret!
B00004TRD8|5.0|Wow, what a DVD! This is bar far the best DVD package put together to date. Not only is T2 a classic movie, which includes great action, amazing  effects, a well written script and Schwarzenegger at his best; but also a  great menu system, outstanding extras and 3, YES 3 versions of the great  film on offer (the third is a Easter egg, so you'll have to choose title 3  while the film has been started and you'll get the extra, extra extended  version).<br />I won't go into the story as everybody knows the score, but  this is probably James Cameron's best work to date, a truly great film,  which has not been effected by time. What are you waiting for, go and buy  it now.
0679745203|4.0|The cover copy of my version of &quot;The English Patient&quot; indicates that the book within is &quot;A rare and spellbinding web of dreams.&quot;   Even though I'm not sure what that means, strangely, I agree.  Ondaatje's  language is lyrical enough to transport one to his dream world, a world of  half-glimpsed comprehension, passion and sensuality.  His descriptions of  the world he has created are certainly dream-like; when the English Patient  first emerges from the wrecked plane, he is afire, his headed sporting  &quot;antlers of flame&quot;.  From that moment, I belonged to Ondaatje.  <br /> Narrative is an important part of a novel.  But if you like yours  linear, you will be disappointed here.  &quot;The English Patient&quot;  flashes backwards and back to the present, rarely giving one warning or  even a way to tell where we are, chronologically.  It is a quilt of a book,  much like the patient's copy of Herodotus' &quot;The Histories&quot;, which  has been woven from the original text and additional maps, notes &amp;  drawings.  It is at once what it appears to be and something different,  something organic, alive and changing with us as we read it. <br /> Most of  the characters are fascinating.  Caravaggio, the thumbless thief, who,  naked, once stole a photograph of himself from the woman who took it.  Kip,  the Sikh &quot;sapper&quot;, or demolitions expert, who spends his days  communing with the bombs that surround their villa.  Hana, the nurse, who  finds solace and support in books, to the point of rebuilding a portion of  the staircase by nailing heavy books in place (If that isn't an incredible  metaphor, I don't know what is). <br /> Then there is the patient himself,  burnt black, quietly awaiting death and reflecting on its nature.  For much  of the novel, we don't know who he is, except a reminder of death and  betrayal.  This is barely his story at all; he is merely a catalyst.   Without him, we have the idea that the other three would never have come  together,would never have discovered their identities. <br /> For that's what  this book is, an examination of the nature of identity.  Who are we, when  the lights are out?  Is it only the presence of other people that makes us  who we are?  Michael Ondaatje isn't telling, rather, he leaves it up to us.
B000002N2Z|5.0|one the best albums i have i've had this cd for 3 years and i still put  this one in my stereo. make sure to listen to engine no.9.
0767800478|4.0|Very sweet movie.  I loved it, and I think true Romantics will love it too.  Based on a true story, it follows the adventures of a cop who wins a  lottery and shares his winnings with an out-of-luck waitress.  Rosie Perez  did an excellent job as the Cop's overbearing and greedy wife, as did Ms.  Fonda and Mr. Cage.<br />I nearly cried at the end when the citizens of NY  came through for the kind-hearted Cop and the Waitress.<br />When you find out  what happens to the Cop's wife at the end of the movie, you will laugh out  loud.  <br />I couldn't get through Sleepless in Seattle, and found this movie  to be much better than the usual so-called Romantic movies.
6302902010|5.0|For those who are looking for the 1959 Otto Preminger film of &quot;Porgy and Bess&quot; with Sidney Poitier and Dorothy Dandridge: you may as well  stop looking.  The Gershwin family a long, long time ago had all the prints  as well as the original film negative totally destroyed.  The Gershwins did  not like the 1959 film, thought it did a disservice to George Gershwin,  bought the rights to it and destroyed the entire production.  I was always  under the impression that only barbarians destroyed works of art, but these  relations of the great composer gave me a whole new view of the meaning of  the word &quot;barbarian.&quot;  So be happy with the current VHS tape.  I  saw this production on stage and it is just as good on tape.  Hopefully,  the DVD will be out soon.  The following is for the folks who put out  hundreds of trashy horror movies on DVD but who don't give a tinker's damn  about such things as opera classics:  put this production on DVD!  The 1959  movie is, literally, history.  This is all we have, and it is wonderful!
6304286961|5.0|This is a great movie. If you like the doors or EVEN if you dont like the doors it's still great. It has a lot of the doors songs on the movie and  also great TRUE facts although some are false. If you haven't seen this  movie I advise you to.
0446525537|1.0|I had high hopes when I first bought this book that it would be a great read.  Books are expensive in my country, costing me $30 a paperback.  I  regret buying this book.  The characters of the book had no depth.  The  author seemed to rushed through everything. Being an avid reader, I can  tell when an author's heart was not really there when writing the book.   This is such a book.  Even so, I forced myself to finish this book and  almost laughed at how the author wrote &quot;almost want to cry&quot; so  many times and how the characters were so boring. The only good thing I can  say is that the first few pages were okay and that's even praising too  much.
B00003CWN2|5.0|From the movie making perspective, it is an excellent movie that depicts the reality of foolishness and selfishness in human beings through the  inspiration of a true but brutal story.  <br />The overall brutality had been  handled with extreme subtlety.  The violence happened in a flatline but  tragic condition.  The romances even elevated the intense emotions carried  out through the murder scenes.<br />However, this movie remains to be a  fiction produced by the moviemakers.  The real truth of the tragedy had  been covered up and polished.  Some irrelevant scenes had been added in  order to enhance the sadness and the confusion, such as Lana Tisdel present  at the murder scene.  That makes the movie a shakesphere fiction, rather  than a movie based on true story.<br />If the moviemaker had inserted some  comments about the added fictionalized parts, this movie will truly be a  success in any perspective.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|Well, these are the words that show how great is this DVD... Its image quality is just perfect and its clear and pure... and more than that, it is full of extras and multi-angle songs, that make the interactivity more perfect than ever...<br />If you like Metallica, this is the best show of all and bet that the Symphony made Metallica sound better.<br />Great DVD...
B000002U9E|5.0|Kate Bush  is often compared to Peter Gabriel (she even sings a duet with  him on &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; from his SO album).  The comparison is  epecially appropriate here:  HOUNDS OF LOVE has the theatrics of early  Genesis and the world-beat percussion of Gabriel's later work, not to  mention the passion and lyrical intensity.  But Bush definately has a style  all her own; this album sounds just as fresh today as when it was released.   She is a remarkable performer and songwriter...give it a listen.
B00004TWZG|4.0|I own both the US and international versions of this film, and the international edition is much better. Both versions carry a slight sexual  tension throughout between Leon and Matilda, and the uncut version is more  pronounced in this area, but that isn't the reason to buy it.<br />The extra  24 minutes on the uncut version provides a deeper understanding of the  relationship between the two as the film progresses. For example, in the US  version Matilda never becomes a real &quot;cleaner&quot; or hitman. It's  only hinted at when they shoot a jogger from a rooftop with blanks. In the  uncut version, Leon takes her completely under his wing and teaches her the  trade, including scenes where the pair run around killing bad guys and  such. In the process, Leon teaches her the &quot;ring trick&quot; by  tossing a grenade at a victim and keeping the ring and grenade pin in his  hand. This scene sets up the final scenes in the movie in a way that the US  version left short and unexplained.<br />If you enjoyed the US version, you'll  probably love the uncut version more, if only because the characters and  their relationships are much deeper.
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard has done it again. I loved this book. It is very, very funny. The murderer is fairly easy to figure out,but the wit and sexual byplay  between Sam and Jaine is perfect! I never loan out my hardcover books to my  friends but this one has been passed around to all. If you never buy  hardcover books, buy this one it is perfect!
B00000J7JO|5.0|I got interested in the band when they were featured on MTV and imust say  that this CD is excellent !! The music is fabulous and the kyrics give u  something to think about too . Most of the songssongs are really catchy and  u know ... the type of songs u can hear over and ovwer and over and over  again like otherside and californication  . Get this baby !!
6303921248|5.0|This movie was so incredibly fascinating that it propelled me to watch it four times in one weekend.  The main characters, Miss Elizabeth Bennett and  Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy have incredible chemistry.  Mr. Darcy's tendency to  frown makes it all the more worthwhile when he smiles.  Simple things like  this make Pride and Prejudice the most excellent drama ever.
6305807043|3.0|Well it certainly was original. I've never seen any movie even remotely similar to this, so if your in the mood for an extremely surreal movie,  this could be good.  However it seemed like the whole movie was just being  wacky for the sake of being wacky at times. For instance, what was the  point of that whole half floor thing at the beginning? Was there some sort  of symbolism, or was that just plain weird? I don't want to give away too  much of what happens for anyone who hasn't seen it, but it seems to that  there were a lot of nonsequitors throughout the movie. Maybe it was just  too &quot;deep&quot; for me and all the different plot elements were  somehow thematically and symbolically unified, but i don't think so.<br />It  certainly was entertaining at times, but i know that when the movie was  over, the question in my mind was: what exactly was that movie about?
6305171769|5.0|Okay, I'm sure that if given an opportunity, those responsible would apologize for 3-6. Yeah, 4 was okay, but it is pointless after seeing this one. I highly recommend this set-up: &quot;Halloween&quot;, &quot;Halloween 2&quot;, and &quot;Halloween H20&quot; as a trilogy, ignoring the others. The plot line is much more coherent. The best part about this movie is that Jaime Lee Curtis is in it! Finally! Laurie and Michael battling it out bring the characters to their peaks. Laurie finally becomes the heroin we all knew she was destined to be. It is rewarding to watch her transform from the scared victim we knew in the first 2, to the ax-wielding fighter that makes even Michael beg for mercy. The final scene will leave you tingling. I promise.
B0000256VK|5.0|Any, and I mean any, guy going to college during the early to mid eighties  understands the importance of this record/cd in regards to taking care of  business with their girlfriends.  From the songs down to the production  quality, this recording is a textural journey that is second to none.  All  bow down.
6304708491|1.0|Some fans gush over this film because its the Beatles,but there is no story at all.They try to imitate the charm of A Hard days Night,but it doesn't work.As I watched the last scene on the beach when people just chased each other and then......they just chased each other some more,I thought \\"what a waste of time\\".It's as though they turned up and said \\"turn the cameras on and we'll just improvise\\".Nothing happens and there is no real ending,but there was no coherent story to start with!When it was first released,the critics panned it and with good reason.It is a terrible film and I am a big Beatles fan so there is no bias here.The only good thing is the music.Buy it only if you are nostalgic.
B00003CXCS|1.0|This is one of the all time favorites.  I love this movie but anyone thinking of purchasing the DVD needs to be aware that this DVD plays in Widescreen format ONLY!  If your not familar with DVD aspect ratio that  means that this movie plays in a window that runs across the middle of a  standard TV screen.  The top 1/3 and the bottom 1/3 of the TV screen is  just black bars.  On my 19&quot; that means this movie plays in about a  10&quot; high bar.  I have to sit one foot from the TV to watch it. For me  this totally destroys the viewing enjoyment of one of the best films ever  made.  Without a widescreen TV this DVD is just a... frizbee (OK it's 2  frizbees).  Most manufactures double side the DVD's so that standard format  is on one side and widescreen format is on the other side but 20th Century  Fox does not do this for some unknown reason.  I recommend that until it is  released in standard format just keep watching it on your VHS tape.
B000002H33|5.0|This album was the end of Metal Metallica. Although they tried to continue  this in Justice for all, their sounds have changed since then and also  their writting ability. Master of Puppets is their last hard work effort to  metal music. If you buy a Metallica album to hear their good works this one  is it. Next would be Ride the Lightning.
B00004W510|5.0|I hadn't thought about the Band in years. My main music passion is, if you  can believe it, late 70's and early 80's British Punk. But the Band, what  about the Band? I grew up listening to them. My Dad was a huge fan. I then  read &quot;Mystery Train&quot; by Greil Marcus and his essay on the Band  intriuged me. Then, I heard about the re-releases. I picked up this album,  mainly because it's the one I had heard the most in my youth. I can say it  truly is the masterpiece everyone says it is. It is amazing...a piece of  pure Americana. It encompasses so many styles, discussed in reviews  throughout this page.<br />I feel it's centerpiece is the haunting &quot;The  Night They Drove Old Dixie Down&quot;. And for me to say that, it really  means something. See, I'm an Irish Catholic kid from Illinois. I have quite  a few Southern friends of whom I make fun of, good-naturedly, quite a bit.  I poke at their southern pride and the &quot;South Will Rise Again&quot;  attitudes. I saw the South as villans during the Civil War and would argue  until the end that Southerners were backwards and misguided. Greil Marcus  wrote something to the effect that he couldn't fathom a Northerner  listening to &quot;Dixie&quot; without being changed in some way. He was  right. Virgil Kane's sad tale, sung beautifully by Helm, made me realize  what my freiends had spoke about. These were proud people, and their story  isn't so much different from ours. They fought for what they believed in,  too. It's a sad song, but Virgil Kane simply presents it as it is...this is  what happened, this is my story. He attempts to judge no one, but the war  has changed everyone. I still don't subscribe to the politics of the Old  South, but I understand them better, all because of this song.<br />For any  rock-n-roll fan, this album is truly worth owning.
B00004UFYU|5.0|I heard the first Era album shortly before the Era 2 was released, and was  absolutely enthralled by the fusion of rhythm, midieval-European-sounding  vocals, and rock harmonies. Era 2 follows the standard set by Era (I), with  a bit more of an orchestral, classical-music influence. The additional  prominance of the strings is especially noticeable in the smooth, soulful  &quot;Omen Sore&quot; and the simple, harmonious &quot;Don't U&quot;. The  underlying melody in &quot;Don't U&quot; is similar to that of  &quot;Pachelbel's Canon&quot;, with a particularly gorgeous main tune laid  over it. &quot;Hymne&quot;, with its distinct melody/countermelody and use  of a harpsichord sound, is reminiscent of a Baroque chorale--with a rock  beat. The most stylistically &quot;pop&quot; track is &quot;Misere  Mani&quot;, but the lyrics are still effectively enigmatic: &quot;If you  look inside your soul the world will open to your eyes.&quot; Another track  worth mention is the haunting &quot;Devore Amante&quot;; when the guitar  solo kicked in at the end of the song, I could have sworn I was listening  to Pink Floyd's &quot;Comfortably Numb.&quot; And the last song, the  ethereal &quot;Ghost Finale&quot;, is a nice touch. The songs on this album  flow seamlessly from one to the next, taking the listener on a musical  journey that is unparalleled (except maybe by the first Era CD).<br />This  music is perfect for relaxation at work, in the car, at home with candles  lit and the lights off. Era is a successful combination of rock,  &quot;midieval&quot; (pseudo-Latin, chant/choir-like) vocals, and beautiful  harmonies. If you like Enigma and/or Adiemus, give this album a try.
B00004TRD8|5.0|In similar fashion to the Godfather series, the second movie is better than the original.  Arnold gives a brilliant performance and shows why he  is the best action star in hollywood.  There is a good supporting cast, but  Arnold is what makes the movie.  Arnold travels back in time and has now  been &quot;reprogrammed&quot; to be a good terminator.  He is the protector  of John Connors against a more advanced terminator.  Sarah Connors (Linda  Hamilton) plays a much tougher role than in the first movie, but she gives  a good performance.  The special effects are great and so are the action  sequences.  I recommend that you go to Universal Studios and check out the  Terminator 3d show.  It is the bomb.  It got me very pumped up about T3.   Lets hope Linda Hamilton will come back to T3, but if she doesn't, its okay  because Ah-nuld is back!
079284632X|1.0|Ok, i have heard that this movie is supposed to be so scary, but all it did was disappoint me!   It was not a thriller, nor a horror movie.  It was  a complete waste of my time and money.  i would NOT recommend it to any Wes  Craven fan.  And unless you can watch it for free, i definitely would  discourage anyone from buying it.
B000000I0I|5.0|After having &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; in my cassette and CD players for  roughly 13 years straight, I figured it was time to give some more of  Oldfield's works a try.  Upon reading the Virgin Record's bio, the first  artist written about naturally was Mike Oldfield.  Branson talked about  &quot;Ommadawn&quot; being his best album, so I decided to try it for  myself.  Needless to say, this is slowly becoming as addictive a listen as  TB was.  Oldfield has way better production here and explores dynamics of  minimalist structures leading into his signature layering.  The writing is  just as haunting here as always, with the arrangements switching notes at  the drop of a hat, strings and synths weaving in and out.  My favorite part  of the 19 minute first song is the guitar break about ten minutes in.   Listening to Oldfield work some fretboard magic makes this worth the price  of the CD alone.  The whole thing sounds like Debussy going mad with some  Oberheim boards and a guitar.  The end folk piece, loosely written around  Pachabel's Canon, is amusing if not repetitious, but overall this is a  stunning album that is essential to anyone starting off with Oldfield's  earlier material.
0553328255|5.0|This book, a compilation of every original, published Sherlock Holmes  story written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, is a joy for all fans of classic  mysteries. Although many other detective stories are also excellent, there  is nothing quite like the original Holmes stories. As we read through the  many adventures of Holmes and his ever faithful companion Dr. Watson, we  are also led through their colorful, albeit enigmatic, lives including Dr.  Watson's two marriages and the time in between them (lodging at 221B Baker  Street, naturally). Holmes' life includes his opium addiction, and  subsequent recovery, his encounter with Irene Adler and finally, his  retirement to the English Channel coast as a beekeeper.  <br />Whether already  a fan for years or a new Holmes reader, this collection is perfect. My copy  is one of the most treasured volumes in my library.
0395974682|5.0|Tolkien's LORD OF THE RINGS (or perhaps better known by its separate titles The Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers and The Return of the  King)is one of the greatest literary achievements of all time.  For those  who look upon this as a simple fantasy with elves, dwarves, goblins (a/k/a  orcs)and of course hobbits, they miss the greatest part of the story.   Tolkien has fashioned a timeless tale of humanity within a world of his own  creation.<br />LOTR is an epic, more telling, more indicative of human  behavior than any of those epics which are considered part of serious  literature.  Richly detailed, the book evokes simple themes of bravery,  good versus evil, love, magic, wonder and loss while treating the  characters not as simple fantasy stereotypes, but as complex individuals.   The struggle of good and evil, temptation, fall and redemption is presented  marvelously throughout and Tolkien's keen abilities for both prosaic and  poetic expression make this a story to remember.<br />The final chapter of the  book is one that will remain in thought for a long time.  I have read LOTR  many times and it is a treasure.
6305313687|5.0|This is one of the best films I have ever seen. I don't usually get emotional during movies, but this is one of the few times that a film  actually made me cry. One scene in particular: Derek (Ed Norton) is  awakened at night to find two black men attemting to steal his car. He  ruthlessly kills them both. The director pulls no punches whatsoever in  this scene, and you feel it in your gut. This is one of the visceral movies  ever made, on the same level as &quot;Schindler's List.&quot; Though not as  technically proficient as that film, it sticks with you just as much. If  you can, try to see it on DVD. The deleted scenes mystify me as to why they  were cut from the final film. Each one (there are three) serves, not to  further the plot, but to drive the film's message home even more solidly.  All in all, a difficult film to watch, but ultimately rewarding in the end,  something few movies released today can say.
6303269842|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this movie and could watch it over and over.  James Garner and Mel Gibson team up in a wonderful match of wits.  If you are a  Lethal Weapon fan, Danny Glover's cameo is priceless.  I laugh until my  sides hurt everytime I watch this.  It is great for ALL ages.  Enjoy!
B000002U82|1.0|This wankfest is the penultimate in comedy records, not excepting the  recorded ouevre of Firesign Theatre.  Oh, you mean they're not kidding,  they want their philosophical diatribes to be taken seriously?  Sorry,  everytime I hear the pretentious musings in Drain Bamage, er, Brain Damage,  I split a gut, can't suppress the laugh factor!  Dark Side of the Moon  wouldn't be so dark if it had been arranged like a ska album, with Don  Rickles guesting on vocals.  Laugh it up, funny boys!
B0000242RU|5.0|This cd came out a few years ago and I got it on tape, it really surprised  me.  Most recently I have been looking for it on cd because it is about as  great as duran duran can get in my opinion.  I am a true fan and even liked  them when they weren't together.  This is truely a great cd.  Big thing is  one of the coolest songs available and should be included in one of their  greatest hits cd's.
6302759110|1.0|When this film was first released I hoped it would be a great version of the story but it turned out to be an overblown mess. The costumes,visuals  and performances are all done to excess. My friend and I went to the  theatre and laughed out loud at Winona Ryder's acting.  Do not believe any  reports that this film is faithful to the novel--this is NOT TRUE! Stick  with Hammer's HORROR OF DRACULA or Dan Curtis' DRACULA. At least they show  some restraint. This is a horror movie for people who don't know what a  real horror is!
B000002572|5.0|I'll keep it short &amp; simple: If I had to listen to only one rock  album/CD for the rest of my life, this one would be it! Every song is a  gem! The other album/CD would be XTC's Skylarking.
B00000K2SC|3.0|War of the Worlds indeed. Every movie heavy on production values must balance on the fine line separating the tasteful and the gaudy, and were  this fine line represented by a tightrope, Matrix would have long gone  &quot;splat&quot; on the pavement.<br />I don't know about you, but I can't  quite enjoy a movie in which the plot bends over backwards to accomodate  the protracted fight sequences, which, in turn, are interrupted with a  plethora of &quot;bullet-cam&quot; effects that let you appreciate every  unrealistic punch as it lands and every bullet casually flying by. For the  love of all that is decent, this is a movie, not a zero-gee martial arts  manual!<br />If, through some unearthly effort, you manage to ignore the  multi-million-dollar special effects and try, just try to concentrate on  the actual plot, you will be surprised to see a unique storyline  occasionally marred by bad acting. Perhaps you might think differently, but  Neo (Keanu Reeves) looks like a bat out of hell during the first half of  the Matrix, and drunk (on power?) in the second. Beastly.<br />This dark movie  wouldn't have had nearly the same impact had it not raised the unanswerable  question of &quot;is reality really real?&quot; The dilemma is played out  beautifully throughout the movie, although the producers certainly went to  great lengths to illustrate the point to even the most dim-witted of  viewers.<br />I'll go as far as to call this the best science-fiction movie of  the year, most probably because there are so few of them made. If you  derive entertainment from drop-jaw special effects rather than a spotless  plot, I honestly recommend this to you.
B0000041Q3|5.0|I am having a love affair with Puccini. He wrote such heart warming music.  This is his masterpiece. And this is without question the best performance  of Turandot. Sutherland is the ultimate Turandot. Her voice is warm, full,  beautiful and large. She cannot be beat. Pavorotti is at his best here,  circa 1972. His tone is gorgeous, ringing bright and clear even at the  highest of notes. Caballe is the quintessential Liu. She has an esquisite  voice with the loviest of pianissimo especially above the staff. She makes  it all seem so easy. All three principals are without equal. And then Mehta  has full command of a lush and inspired orchestra and chorus. That's why  this remains my favorite recording of a Puccini opera.
B000002LFZ|5.0|Fleetwood Mac are a classic.  Like the Beatles and Elvis Presley.<br />This  CD touches a well rounded surface of their big chart careers.  Including  &quot;Rhiannon&quot;; &quot;You Go Your Own Way&quot;; to the later years  in the late 80s with Top 10 hits &quot;Big Love&quot;; &quot;Little  Lies&quot;; and &quot;Everywhere&quot;.<br />From Stevie Nicks to Lindsey  Buckingham the vocals, the production, their change and growth as artists  is all on this CD. I think it is very hard to grow from &quot;Rumors&quot;,  but they did in from &quot;Tusk&quot; to &quot;Tango in the Night&quot;,  they showed their broad diversity as pop artists going with the  times.<br />Only thing missing is the solo efforts of Lindsey and Stevie with  &quot;Go Insane&quot; and &quot;Stand Back&quot;....it shows that these  artist don't need Mick to continue on in their careers.<br />A great add for  the colleciton.
6305428220|3.0|Dont you just hate those &quot;friends&quot; who belly laugh harder than anyone in the theater, and then, making conversation after the movie, you  ask them, &quot;Wow, you really enjoyed that, didnt you?&quot; and they  snap back, &quot;What, are you nuts? That was the worst flick Ive seen in  years!&quot;<br />Well, thats definitely NOT me. Despite priding myself on  usually disliking most of the &quot;JUNK&quot; Hollywood churns out, after  seeing the FACULTY, &amp; looking into the depths of my soul, I must admit,  begrudgingly, it is a rather entertaining movie! <br />Fast-paced and shrewdly  pressing all the audiences buttons, in the right order, it does exactly  what its producers want it to: Take you on a Cinematic ride!<br />Still, Id  like to issue TWO BRIEF WARNINGS:<br />IF YOURE A SALMA HAYEK FAN.....DONT  BLINK!  (You just might miss her altogether!) T.O.S.T. = About 4 or 5  minutes!<br />DONT SEE IT A SECOND TIME! Its like driving a car with no air  in your tires!  Believe me, Ive tried it...Just doesnt work!<br />Certainly,  the first time, though, you should have some good fun!
0671034065|5.0|This is the first Linda Howard book I have ever read, and I must say I  enjoyed every minute of it.  I simply could not put the book down and now I  am very disappointed that I have finished it.  I can hardly wait to run out  to the store and buy a couple more of her books.  <br />In Mr. Perfect, you  get a good mix of mystery thriller, romance and comedy.  While you can  pretty much figure out who the killer is before the end, you dont get bored  with the book, there is so much still going on and  the chemistry between  Sam and Jaine will keep you reading.  <br />Great book, I would recommend it  to all my friends.
B00000253N|5.0|On the way to work last week, a couple of syndicated radio morning jocks  proudly proclaimed that they didn't own any Bob Dylan records. Their smug  self-righteousness made me sick. They obviously never listened to  &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;.<br />This is Dylan's masterpiece, let there  be no doubt. It's impossible to overstate its power and beauty. The  material is among the darkest you'll ever hear, but also among the most  compelling. It's a true classic, and one should not use such a phrase  lightly. <br />If your familiarity with Dylan begins and ends with &quot;Lay  Lady Lay&quot; and the countless caricatures created by a thousand generic  comedians, do yourself a favour and pick up this timeless recording. You'll  thank me later.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is all I need to tell you. Powerslave rules. It is their best album  IMO and I'd to see the day Maiden tops this. The reason why it's so great  is that it is during a transition period in Maiden's history, they were in  the progression between NWOBHM powerhouses to a progressive(but heavy)  sound. Submit to the soaring speed of Aces High, the destructive &quot;Two  Minutes Till Midnight&quot;, the middle-eastern feel of the title track, as  well as the track after that(need I speak it's name and why it is so  godly). Not one flaw is on this album.
B000002UAU|5.0|This was my first ever Beatles' album and probably still my favourite. An endless number of classic hits culminating in the hauntingly beautiful 'A  Day In The Life'.I love albums with great openers, and this is provided  with 'Sgt Pepper's'.I love the guitar on this.Next comes the popular 'With  A Little Help From My Friends' and then the drug related 'Lucy In The Sky  With Diamonds'.'Getting Better' is a rocker with one of my favourite  lines,'I used to be cruel to my woman I beat her and kept her apart from  the things that she loved.''Fixing A Hole' and 'for The Benefit of Mr Kite'  are somewhat of letdowns for me, but hits like 'Lovely Rita' and the ballad  'She's Leaving Home' have me humming these tunes for ages.The CD finishes  with a 'Sgt Pepper's' reprise before the great 'A Day In The Life', a song  about newspaper articles that John Lennon read. This is one of the greatest  Beatles' songs ever written, and a perfect way to finish a perfect  album.This is a great CD to start with if you're a fan thinking about  buying your fist Beatles album.You have to have it!
0709058764|5.0|This book has the best drawings and photographs of the process of violin  making that I have ever seen. Large format, good camera angle, good  shadowing and lighting. I have been an amateur violin maker for a long time  and I learned about a half a dozen new procedures or tool modifications  right away. I highly recommend this book for aspiring violin makers.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer,along with Nirvana's Nevermind and Oasis' What's the Story  Morning Glory,is one of the top three albums of the '90's. It is a must  have for any contemporary music fan with a like for the 60's and  70's.'Airbag' kicks off the album nicely with some powerful guitar  play.Next comes 'Paranoid Android',one of my favourite songs of the past  two decades.It has so many diferent tunes and tempos in it,it reminds me of  a Queen work.'Exit Music' is a brilliant song that shows all sides of  Radiohead.It starts off slowly with just Yorke's melancholy voice and the  gentle strumming of a guitar until at the end Yorke explodes with some  powerful lyrics.'Karma Police' makes the album for me.It is simply a great  rock song,one that I can't stop playing either on my guitar or piano.The  album finishes with some good good songs like 'No Surprises' and 'Lucky'  that complement the CD very well.If you haven't got this already,order it  now!
B000000WFF|2.0|THE LAST SPICE GIRLS ALBUM &quot;SPICE&quot; WAS GOOD,NOW &quot;SPICEWORLD&quot; IS FREAKY.THE MOST FREAKIST SONG I EVER HEARD WAS  &quot;THE LADY IS A VAMP&quot;.&quot;SPICE UP YOUR LIFE&quot;,&quot;DO  IT&quot; AND &quot;MOVE OVER&quot; IS VERY ODD AND THEY CALL THIS MUSIC.I  GIVE 2 POINTS TO &quot;TOO MUCH&quot; CUZ IT'S A NICE SONG,BUT EVERY THING  ELSE IS...FREAKY.
B000002UAX|5.0|The Beatles' White album is the greatest double CD album ever produced.(sorry Pink Floyd fans).It contains all sorts of different  songs.There are beautiful ballads such as 'Blackbird'(one of my favourite  Beatle songs),'Julia' a dedication from John Lennon,and 'I Will'.It has  fast rockers like 'Back In The USSR','Helter Skelter','Birthday' and 'Glass  Onion'.And there are timeless classics like 'The Continuing Story Of  Bungalow Bill','Ob La Di Ob La Da' and 'Sexy Sadie'. However,McCartney's  beautiful 'Martha My Dear' is a standout for me,one level higher than  anything else on the album.Tunes like 'Cry Baby Cry','Eveybody's got  Something to Hide except for me and my Monkey' and 'Rocky Racoon' will have  you humming for days. 'Mother Nature's Son' is certainly a standout with  its beautiful guitar work and Paul's beautiful voice.A must have album for  any music lover.
B000000WCA|4.0|SPICE GIRLS DEBUT ALBUM &quot;SPICE&quot; IS COOL.WITH THE TOP 5 SMASHS 'WANNABE' WHICH IS THE BEST,&quot;SAY YOU'LL BE THERE&quot; OTHER GOOD  SONG,&quot;2 BECOME 1&quot; SLOW SONG,&quot;LAST TIME LOVER&quot; THE MORE  SEXIER SIDE OF THE SPICE GIRLS,&quot;IF YOU CAN'T DANCE&quot; THE R&amp;B  LATIN SONG,AND &quot;MAMA&quot; THE GOOD GIRL SIDE OF THE SPICE GIRLS.THIS  IS PRETTY GOOD,BUT IT'S NOT A BILLIE ALBUM,OR A CHRISTINA AGUILERA ALBUM  BUT IT'S OK.
B000002UB3|4.0|Abbey Road was the last offering from the world's greatest ever band which  makes it even more special for me.It was made amidst inner turmoil and  arguing amongst the band.It is remarkable that they produced such a fine  CD, A very good way to finish the band's career.Abbey Road may not contain  the hits of a Revolver or a Sgt Pepper's but each song has its place on the  album.Most of the songs link on to eachother.It is really an album that has  to be listened to without a break.'Come Together' and 'Something' would be  a hit on any album.'Maxwell's Silver Hammer' is often given a bad rap, but  I think it is really funny and catchy,and deserves to be there.'Oh Darling'  and 'I Want You' are classic Lennon screamers. 'You Never Give Me Your  Money' and 'The End' are great songs and complement the CD very well. I  wouldn't recommend this as a starter for someone wanting to get into  Beatles' material, probably start with something like Revolver, but  definitely for those experienced Beatles' fans wanting to try something  more complex.A must have.
6301871952|5.0|Gremlins 2: The New Batch (1990)<br />Gremlins 2: The New Batch,is the sequel to the underrated 1984 classic,Gremlins (well,sort of.) In my perfectly  honest opinion,it's much better than the original and as a previous  reviewer said,it's the perfect example of how a sequel should be  done.<br />Story: Billy Peltzer (Zach Galligan) from the first Gremlins movie  now lives in Manhattan,New York where he works for a super-rich corporation  in a Skyscraper.He's an Adult now,lives  a good life,and is even  married.<br />When several workers of the corporation try to talk Mr.Wing   (Keye Luke) into letting them demolish his shop so they can have room for  more businesses,Gizmo (from what I can remember) escapes,but is soon  captured by Scientists who work at the  corporation.<br />Billy one day sneaks  into the Labratory Gizmo is at and soon starts living with Billy  again.However,a maintenace man  accidently (and unknowingly) squirts Gizmo  with water from a fountain.Gizmo once again spawns more Mogwais,who are  MUCH nastier than in the first Gremlins.<br />They look uglier,are swifter and  sneakier,and even use mutagenic chemicals to enhance themselves.Many of  them are soon transformed into giant Spiders,flying Gargoyles,Electronic  menaces,and one even talks.<br />Gremlins 2 is unbelieveably better than the  original. The acting is once again top-notch.Galligan rocks as Billy,   Howie Mandel is still fantastic at voicing Gizmo,the casting is terrific  (John Glover is perfect for the role of Daniel Clamp,the corporations boss  and founder) and the script is excellent and is quite unpredictable.Dante's  direction is even stronger and more solid than the first Gremlins,and gives  the film a (truly) hard worked feel to it.<br />The special effects are also  mind blowing,despite that their  still not CGI.Gizmo is even cuter and more  likeable than in  the first Gremlins (he even dresses like Rambo at one  point late in the film).The Gremlins are totally brilliant. As I said  earlier,they look scarier and nastier than in  Gremlins,and the mutated  Gremlin effects are absolutely   stunning.The Giant Spider Gremlin is a way  cool Monster,the  Electro-Gremlin rocks big time,and the talking Gremlin is  one of the most memorable characters in the History of Hollywood.<br />As a  previous reviewer said,it's not really a sequel to  Gremlins.Well,I  (personally) tend to call Gremlins 2 a semi-sequel.It picks up where  Gremlins left off,but &quot;rips off&quot; Gremlins.The way the Gremlins  take over the Skyscraper is VERY similar to the classic theater scene from  Gremlins and one Gremlin,Lenny,dresses like a deranged Dentist at one point  and  wields a nasty dental drill (Lenny is sort of like Stripe from  Gremlins,who wielded a chainsaw and was very deranged). I also LOVE the  Gremlin with the Spiky Mohawk (who becomes the super cool Spider) and the  Electro-Gremlin,just awesome.  And tell me you wouldn't want to have Gizmo  for a Pet.How could you possibly hate him? He's such a brilliant and  original character!<br />Overall,Gremlins 2: The New Batch is an unbelieveably  better sequel that it's predicessor,with a stronger (and better)   story  even more original than Gremlins,incredible special effects,loveable and  memorable characters, countless in-jokes,a wicked finale,and is HIGHLY  entertaining and NEVER EVER gets boring.This is even more underrated than  Gremlins,which is saying a LOT.<br />Buy it right now.You DO NOT know what you  are missing.<br />Can't wait for Gremlins 3!
B00000INEX|1.0|My 17 month old daughter has loved watching Baby Einstein and  Baby Mozart since she was 3 months old. I figured I might as well complete the set with  Baby Bach. How disappointing. Many images are repetitive and the gratuitous  shots of her daughters are tiring. My daughter loses interest in this video  quickly. I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it!
0671034065|1.0|The first time I tried Linda Howard - never again.  Amateurish writing -  can't believe anyone reviewed this book as a 4 star.
B00000JY1X|5.0|The Magnetic Fields pack a stunning amount of brainpower and wit and  emotion into these songs.  Essential music for people who want to think  while they listen.  Stephin Merritt is a genius.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Absolutely one of the best special edition movies ever.  The added extras are amazing.  The audio is superb.  If you have dts available - use it.  Only three minor glitches, but regardless, one of the best surround sound movies I have ever viewed.  The special edition release has 16 extra minutes that fills in some of the loop holes from the theatrical release.  If you haven't already bought this, it is a must have for any DVD collector.  Oh and lets not forget the metal case.  Just awesome.
0743200799|5.0|Failure is not an option is not for your average folk.  I seriously doubt  that the average person on the street could make it from beginning to end.   However, if you are a space-nut, or just are really yearning for the good  'ole days of Apollo, then you can't go wrong with this book.  I've read  just about every book every written on the Apollo program, and while the  astronauts' books are much more interesting than Gene Kranz's,  &quot;Failure is not an option&quot; will not disappoint.  Mr. Kranz allows  us into a very private part of the space program.  Most people know the  stories of the astronauts because we've been allowed, through a free  society, to witness every step they have taken.  However, there were never  very many stories told about Mission Control during that era.  After you  finish this book, you'll start to realize that the astronauts had it easy!   Most of the more mundane details are left out of his book, but Mr. Krantz  slows things down during the first lunar landing, describing every detail  he could remember.  The entire book is extremely exciting and you won't  believe the career of Gene when you are done.  He was definitely at the  right place at the right time to have one of the most spectacular careers  possible.  I bet he looks back now-a-days and wishes things had happened a  bit more slowly for him to appreciate it more.  He did so much in such a  little time.  This book is a must-have for any space-enthusiast, but will  probably get a bit slow for anyone else.  Thank you Gene!  Now, when is  Chris Kraft's book coming out?
B00000DG1R|5.0|Well, my favorite band of all time is DURAN DURAN and Nick Rhodes is the  master, but I was missing a few of my favorites on this Greatest Hits CD.   One of my favorites is Secret Oktober and New Moon on Moday, which were  left off!  I must highly recommend this CD, for any 80's generation  listeners, as a must-have!  These men are the real deal...listen up  &quot;little boy bands&quot;!
B000002GA8|5.0|We all know that the likes of Emerson Lake and Palmer, Yes, and King  Crimson left their mark on the musical landscape way before Rick Wakeman  made this album.  But the point is not who did it first but rather, who did  it best.  Simply put, &quot;Journey to the Center of the Earth&quot; is  just that-the best.<br />This album, recorded live with the London Symphony  Orchestra, the English Chamber Choir, a small ensemble of rock musicians,  and David Hemmings as narrator of the Jules Verne book, turned out to be a  masterpiece and the best album of 1974 if not of the entire decade.   Wakeman layers synthesizer noises, riffs, and hooks with the orchestra and  guitar, bass, and drums for a dazzling and picturesque effect.  This music  is so evocative that I'm going to start doing what one customer said he  does and start listening to it in a darkened room for the &quot;beneath the  earth&quot; atmosphere.<br />I will admit that after 25 years the music  doesn't stand up quite as well as it did in 1974 when I first bought (and  promptly wore out) &quot;Journey to the Center of the Earth&quot; on  8-track tape.  The lyrics seem kind of hoky now as well.  Nevertheless, I  still consider this above all to be the most influential and best album of  the prgressive rock movement and one that every fan of this genre should  experience.
B000002P72|5.0|I think I have memorized every hair-raising lyric and every seering lick  on this amazing album.  B.B. King shows us why he is the &quot;King of  Blues&quot;.  From his voice to his guitar-playing to his amazing band, you  can practically feel what it was like to be there on that hot night in  Chicago in 1964.  I still get goosebumbs every time I listen to this  timeless masterpiece.  Never, yes never, will there be a live blues album  as sweet as this.
0792156684|5.0|At over $1.8 Billion worldwide (excluding rentals), \\"Titanic\\" is the most commercially successful film of all time.  That is double the next highest  grossing film (Star Wars: The Phantom Menace).  Nominated for 14 Academy  Awards, it won 11 including best picture in 1998.  Everything about this  film was big.  It ran over 3 hours and had a budget of $200 million which  is larger than the U.S. box office for all but 30 movies in the history of  filmmaking.  This was a TITANIC film in every sense of the word.  But, was  it any good?  Well, actually it was!<br />The film was written and directed by  James Cameron, who before this was most renowned for writing and directing  \\"Terminator\\" films.  The story was a combination love story, period piece  and disaster movie.  As a love story was good.  As a period piece, it was  wonderfully precise in its myriad details, both generally and as to  specifics about the Titanic and her passengers.  As an epic disaster movie,  it was utterly colossal.<br />From a directorial perspective, this film is  unparalleled; a feat of gargantuan proportions.  In addition to the normal  directorial duties, Cameron had to coordinate mammoth model-building  projects, deep sea filming of the original ship, thousands of hours of  painstaking research, elaborate visual effects, and hundreds of special  sets.  To be able to pull all those elements together at all is a  superhuman task.  The result was truly remarkable entertainment.<br />Cameron  took a chance on Leonardo DiCaprio.  The studios wanted Matthew McConaughey  but Cameron insisted on DiCaprio.  It was a gamble that paid off.  DiCaprio  gave a career performance and his enthusiasm and charm lit up the screen.   Kate Winslet was also a fresh talent with only five minor films to her  credit before `Titanic'.  Her performance was sparkling and her chemistry  with DiCaprio made the love story urgent and magical.  Oddly, she hasn't  worked much since, and is fast slipping back into the obscurity from whence  she came.<br />This was not as much a film as it was a fluctuation in the  space-time continuum.  Forces and emotions from the original event were  transported to 1997, and they clutched us with a power that left us  spellbound.  It was neither the best story ever told, nor the best film  ever made, but it was certainly the greatest filmmaking achievement to date  in its sheer size and scope.  As a motion picture, I rated it a 9/10.  As  an epic, there is no scale large enough to rate it.  The box office speaks  for itself.
0767819594|1.0|I dont care at all about the infamous lesbian kiss in this picture. This is a only a detail ina horrible movie that is horrible because the  screenplay is horrible. Philips is at his worst as an actor, Whiterspoon is  ridiculous. THis is so bad as &quot;CLUELESS&quot;. Skip it, its a typical  modern garbage.
6305014140|5.0|Seriously, this is excellent animation.  The plot is interesting and you have to pay attention.  If you hate the plot, the animation is excellent.  If you hate the animation, you have serious issues.  I really enjoyed the fight scenes because there is so much more that can be done with animation than with live actors.      Watch it for the plot and the animation.  Take it for a great story with great animation.
B000002GB9|5.0|I categorize Styx albums in two categories:  pre Tommy Shaw and Tommy Shaw  because Shaw's presence changed the musical direction in which the band was  going, mostly for the better.  <br />In the &quot;pre-Shaw&quot; period,  &quot;Equinox&quot; is unquestionably the group's best album.  In the Tommy  Shaw era, &quot;The Grand Illusion&quot; is easily their best work and  overall the band's best album ever.  Few albums by any band are as  completely listenable and entertaining from first track to last.  In  addition to the the band staples &quot;Fooling Yourself&quot;, &quot;Come  Sail Away&quot;, and &quot;Miss America&quot;, come several other tracks  worth mentioning, such as &quot;Castle Walls&quot; and my personal  favorite, &quot;Man in the Wilderness&quot;.  If I had to choose the  weakest song on &quot;The Grand Illusion&quot;, it would be  &quot;Superstar&quot;, but I even like that song, albeit not quite as much  as the rest of the album.<br />&quot;The Grand Illusion&quot; is in my mind  Styx's pinnacle album, as they followed it up with &quot;Pieces of  Eight&quot;, which was not quite as commercially successful and bordered on  being somewhat pretentious (their next three albums,  &quot;Cornerstone&quot;, &quot;Paradise Theater&quot;, and &quot;Kilroy Was  Here&quot; would prove to be even more so).  &quot;Illusion&quot; captures  Styx at its creative and commercial zenith, and aside from their Greatest  Hits album and &quot;Equinox&quot; is the only other Styx album a serious  fan needs.
B00004T37H|5.0|This was one of the only movies i even bothered to go more than once this year. If you ask me it has to be the best movie of the year. The only other anime that even comes close to this one is Evagelion. Buy this movie and you will not be dissapointed.
B0000399WI|5.0|This was one of the best films of the 1990's and was all but snubbed by the Academy.  It was nominated for seven Oscars in 1995 including best  picture, but it came up empty, trodden under by the Gump stampede.<br />Frank  Darabont's adaptation of Stephen King's short story was a thing of beauty.   The story of an banker who thinks his way out of a maximum-security prison,  and survives on sheer intelligence, guile and will is expertly spun and  engrossing.  The ending is uplifting and exhilarating.<br />Both Tim Robbins  and Morgan Freeman gave career performances.  Robbins was outstanding in  the portrayal of a character whose phlegmatic and understated persona  belied his cunning and razor sharp intellect.  Freeman was also fantastic  as the old convict who knew how to get things done in the joint.  Freeman's  performance got him a Best Actor nomination in a year when Tom Hanks was a  cinch.  <br />Everything about this film was superlative.  The direction, the  cinematography, the sound and the music were all top flight.  It is  difficult to comprehend how such an accomplished film was left with so  little acclaim.<br />I rated this film a 10/10.  I highly recommend it,  although viewers should be advised that there is some disturbing prison  violence.  Don't miss it.
B00003CXDG|2.0|This doesn't look at all like the John Woo who directed Face/Off.  I would say that John Woo was way off mark with this one. Brian De Palma did a much  better job with the first, M:I-1.<br />M:I-2 is all flash and no story.  There's not much more to say. We've seen all before.
B000003TAW|5.0|Okay, don't get me wrong, but I was in about 3rd grade when this CD came  out. I didn't buy it, because I liked Buddy Holly, and that was it, and I  think my parents woul've thought it was &quot;a waste of money.&quot; About  4 years later, I can't go 20 minutes with hearing &quot;Say It Ain't  So&quot; play over and over in my head. I now fully appreciate the music  played by this band and I love the CD. Thanks for reading, Been P.S.  Whatever happened to this band?
0345298349|5.0|It's Arkady Renko at odds with power, corruption and intrigue.  Martin Cruz Smith hit the nail on the head with this story. Not just your typical  spy-crime thriller, Gorky Park delves into the heart and mind of what it  meant to be a Russian approaching the era of new capitolism.<br />Renko,  investigating a grisly triple murder in the heart of Moscow's famous Gorky  Park, is certain he has stumbled into the work of the KGB.  He is the  prototypical man of principle awash in a compromising world, where the  rules change daily, power and influence corrupt on both sides of the  Atlantic, and pargons of virtue pose a threat to all.<br />I guarantee that  you will love this book and quickly continue on with the following three  sequels.
B00004U2HK|5.0|Now WHAT can I say about this movie that a thousand others haven't said? That despite the fact that it is sappy and a bit obvious, it's also witty, funny, touching, and endearing. You will want to BE Maria!<br />Maria is a high-spirited young nun who is always late, always skipping and singing and sprinting around, and she's driving the solemner nuns up the wall. The Mother Superior knows that her place is not a convent, and so sends her for a time to be the governess to the Baron Von Trapp's seven kids.<br />Baron Von Trapp (played to perfection by Christopher Plummer) is a widower, who has emotionally closed himself off, and treats his bouncy bunch of kids like military ship crew: They have to march, line up for inspection, and respond INSTANTLY, no matter where they are, to the blast of a whistle. Maria is shocked by this, and quickly tries to give the kids love and affection and FUN. The kids respond to this new treatment by becoming fiercely attached to Maria, despite their father's attachment to the beautiful, blond, completely uninteresting Baroness Schraeder.<br />Naturally, that isn't all of the plot. There are love stories and stories about runaways, and the Nazis loom over all of it.<br />The kids are amazing, from energetic teen Liesl to amazingly (but not cloyingly) cute Gretl. All of the kids are perfectly normal: Gretl announcing that she got her finger caught &quot;in Friedrich's teeth&quot;; Liesl's attraction to a young Nazi; Friedrich's musings on what grass tastes like. Liesl has been my favorite for a very long time.<br />Plummer is excellent, he's alternately tender (with hardly a word said) and strict, loving and cold. But what shines through all the time is Von Trapp's moral sense, and determination not to help the Nazis. Julie Andrews is bright and effervescent, turning from a grown-up girl into a woman before our eyes.<br />And the actress playing Baroness Schraeder (Eleanor Parker) is a very low-key note--you hate her whenever you see her, with her smooth manners and speech and appearance. Her talk with Maria made me gag. Then, in her last scene, she surprises everyone.<br />This is a beautiful musical tale with roots in reality, a must-see for everyone.r, with her smooth manners and speech and appearance. Her talk with Maria made me gag. Then, in her last scene, she surprises everyone.<br />This is a beautiful musical tale with roots in reality, a must-see for everyone.
0767802519|3.0|Die-hard Besson/Reno fans will disagree with me, but here's how I see The Professional: good concept, good team ... so-so execution. <br />Want a much cooler version of this story? See Ghost Dog by Jim Jarmusch.
B000002IOW|3.0|'Presto' is the first Rush album to feature a large amount of piano work,  and it generally works very well.  It is a move away from the synth-rock of  the 'Signals' to 'Fire' era (1982-87) to a guitar-pop sound.  Opening track  'Show Don't Tell' has some nice jazz touches, including a jazz bass solo  towards the end.  'Superconductor' is a turbo charged hard rock effort, and  the keyboards work very well on it, as they do throughout the entire album.   'Scars' has a funk bassline throughout and some excellent drumming, but it  doesn't quite take off.  Once again the guitars are not given enough  presence on the majority of the tracks, a shame really.  Worth buying  though, and released very late on in 1989 it gave Rush renewed optimism for  the new decade that was approaching.  3.5 stars
B00003CWPR|2.0|The movie begins earnestly enough, with the story of a marriage in serious trouble.  Doctor Tom Cruise flirts shamelessly with two young models while wife Nicole Kidman exchanges innuendo with a suave older gentleman at a swanky dinner party.  What follows over the next two plus hours is a movie which takes a surreal look at the decay of a relationship and the drives of the man and woman involved.<br />While not without it's entertaining moments, &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is a meandering film which loses it's audience as quickly as it intrigues it.<br />Ultimately, the movie's slow pacing lingers far too long on an extended subplot involving a bizarre, ritualistic sex cult.   <br />Unfortunately, director Stanley Kubrick passed away prior to the completion of this film.  What remained of his final vision for this movie is debatable, but for the casual viewer, &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; will likely prove to be a confusing piece with marginal entertainment value.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I think this is a great movie. I've been looking evrywhere for it and I finally got it, for DVD too! If you like movies, music, or anything fun e-mail me at violent_j1647@yahoo.com, thank you!
B00003CXBK|5.0|Mononoke Hime is hands-down the BEST fantasy movie I've ever seen.  I'm a big fan of Conan and Time Bandits and Star Wars and many others, but  Miyazaki has outdone everyone this time.  Character design, backgrounds and  animation from this film are going to set precedents all over the animation  scene; you can already see Disney grabbing at the cool sub-dappled shadows  effect when they released Tarzan.  Now if only American animation could see  its way to delving into more adult and meaningful themes, perhaps it, too,  would receive such acclaim instead of the spurning it usually gets.<br />The  occasional splotch of computer animation was a little unexpected and seemed  almost to have been pasted over the rest of the movie in places but such  sequences are few and fairly far between.  There was plenty of other  artistic muscle-flexing going on to make up for it.<br />Intelligent dialog  was another of the film's many joys.  Though the battle sequences of the  film are good (especially when Ashitaka is defending himself or attempting  to avoid combat) they are not the focus of this world so richly created.   The people are the point of the movie and every character has a distinct  personality, voice and set of morals which govern his or her existence.   The entire cast is a study in shades of gray and though some of them are  clearly not of the highest moral character, neither do they come across and  pungently evil or diabolical.<br />The script was translated by Neil Gaiman  and follows the Japanese version almost to a T.<br />As many people already  know, Disney was forbidden to cut a single frame or line of dialog from  this film.  And to that I say &quot;HURRAH!&quot;  I shudder to think what  might've become of Princess Mononoke if it had been through a grinder like  theirs.<br />Musically, Mononoke Hime is a masterpiece.  J Hisaishi has  produced an epic soundtrack that fits brilliantly with the images portrayed  in the movie.  The American release is riddled by 30 tracks that chop the  music up into a list that more closely follows the individual scenes while  the Japanese release is a symphonic suite of themes from the film (minus  one or two, including the vocal numbers).<br />All in all, you CANNOT go wrong  with this movie, even with the violence.  It's a groundbreaking work that  will be one of your all-time favorites before you're even through watching  it the first time.
0782008372|5.0|This is a classic! Loved the widescreen format and the restored scenes added depth to the story. I have loved this film since I first saw it and  have to say that it just gets better. The cinematography is superb  (especially the fades and the flashbacks). There is nothing like this and  it has to be Christopher Lambert's best work.
6305807086|3.0|This is one of those films that not everyone is going appreciate.<br />On one hand, the film is (as most every critic has already stated) highly creative  and original in both concept and story.  On the other hand, all of the  characters are generally unlikable and there are some very odd  moments.<br />Ironically, the only character the audience can really relate to  and have any stake in staying with throughout the whole movie is John  Malcovich himself (who is hilarious here, by the way).  <br />In my opinion,  this picture walks a fine line between concept and execution--almost  bordering on &quot;gimmick as film&quot;.  Then again, they did make an  entire movie out of &quot;Night at the Roxbury&quot;, so what else can I  say?<br />Luckily, director Spike Jonze does manage to create some really  memorable scenes out of the bizarre script that, in and of themselves, are  quite entertaining.  <br />Is this film a case of pot-head trip becomes  Sundance hit, or is it really as thoughtful as some of the critics say?   The only sure thing is that your mileage will *definitely* vary.  <br />My  recommendation?  Rent before you buy.
B00003Q43A|5.0|What a fantastic sci-fi thriller!  Nearly everyone has seen it since its release in 1996 and will quit agree. Who can forget when the White House got blown to bits along with the Empire State Building, Capital and many  other awesome sequences!  Will Smith is not only a good rapper but also a  good actor and this movie proves it. Yes, its a little chessy in parts but  who cares!  Its the mind-blowing special effects that really grasp our  attention isn't it!  If you havn't seen &quot;Independence Day&quot;,  where have you been? Check it out today on DVD!  Also if your looking for  other Will Smith movies, get &quot;Enemy Of The State&quot; or &quot;Men In  Black&quot;. Peace.
0671034065|5.0|I really enjoyed this latest book by Linda Howard. It kept my attention  and the ending was a twist to find out that Leah was really Corin. I knew  in the beginning that Corin would be the killer, but this twist of her  being raised as a boy was a surprise. I highly recommend this book.
B00004TDRD|3.0|&quot;Chomp&quot; there goes my foot!(laughs)...But seriously folks, this Jaws fellow is one bastard you don't wanna meet in a dark alley, if you  know what I mean!  This movie flat out scared the (Bleep!) out of me!  I  read where it took nearly a year to train the shark for all his sequences,  which is amazing considering this was filmed in the early seventies.  Overall, this movie rocks totally and I can't recommend it any higher.
B00003CXGG|3.0|Like many films today, \\"Romeo Must Die\\" seems to be all about style over substance.  Blazing guns and flying fists are intercut with beautiful girls and the occasional comic relief, but whatever high-falootin' ambition the movie may have had during the conception of the screenplay quickly dissolves into eye candy and emotion a few minutes in.  In this case, however, that's not such a bad thing.  <br />The convoluted plot intertwines two stories; the classic revenge tale featuring Jet Li, and the almost equally archetypal gangster-wants-to-go-legit theme, loosely held together by Aaliyah.  Through happenstance, each character finds their destiny dependent on the other, thus providing the meat of the story.<br />Both Li and Aaliyah prove that they are able to carry a major motion picture and each has their own undeniable charisma.  Unfortunately, Aaliyah's confidence and flirty stage business is never exploited to develop the romantic elements alluded to in the movie's title.<br />What viewers do get, however, is a fairly well-paced action film with one of Hong Kong's best action stars.<br />Fight sequences are very well done and feature a clever, never-before-seen special effect that I won't mention here.  Perhaps a bit too much wire-work (especially for those not initiated in Hong Kong martial-arts/fantasy films, like those of Tsui Hark), but exciting and worth seeing again.<br />I'll end this review with a post script on two wonderful Asian stars that I really hope to see more of in American cinema: Russell Wong and Francois Yip.  Both are gorgeous faces that really deserve to be seen more.<br />Recommended
B00000K19E|5.0|What I've recently found out is that the people that don't like this movie is mainly because they can't understand the deep plot and storyline  involved with &quot;The Matrix&quot;. Broaden your minds you all! This film  has the most spectacular special effects ever seen  in a motion picture,  Lawrence Fishburne is perfect in his role as Morpheas, has awesome kung-fu  fights, and of course slow-motion shoot outs. What else could a die-hard  action movie fan possibly want!  Even though this was really meant for us  teenage people, some adults may find this to be an excellent Show. This  probably the best DVD out there. Go buy it today!
1556154844|4.0|After being informed about this book, I just bought it assuming it to be a  good book, and to my surprise it was. Recognising lots of the mistakes one  can make, given as examples in this book, I realised I just had to  completely read this book. It gave me personally the insight in writing  good and understandable code, so that I am still using a lot of the  practices recommended by Steve McConnel.<br />It not only lets you write good  code, it also gives you insight in recognizing  not-so-well-written-code.<br />I would recommend this book to everyone who is  in software programming, you don't have to read it in one go, but it should  be on everyone's  bookshelf, if it were only to use as a reference once in  a while.<br />Good work.
0792151712|3.0|&quot;I'm The King Of The World!&quot;  And with those four, triumphant words, Titanic took us all on a ride we won't soon forget!  Lush in its  historic imagery, and tragic in its tragic ending, moviegoers were treated  to the highs, the lows, and the in-betweens of a ship that just refused to  sink.  Huge in scope, huger in importance, Titanic is arguably the  hugest-grossing movie of all time.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, I  have 5 simple words for you....&quot;GO SEE THIS MOVIE&quot;
B00000IAU3|5.0|i love this cd.  it is one of the best i have ever own along with europop  from eiffel 65 and ray of light from madonna.  my fav. song is here with me  and i am literally obsessed with it.  my best friend loves this cd as musch  as i do.  it is worth every penny.  it keeps me in the soft mood.
B00000273P|5.0|I had always been a huge fan of Prefab Sprout's singles but had been  disappointed by the full length cds.  There were always one or two songs  that just never seemed to fit thematically (blueberry pies on two wheels  good for example).  So when I bought Jordan, I assumed it would be the same  result.  At first I thought the cd was an unholy mess...I couldn't get the  point.  After finally driving on a long trip I listened to it several times  in a row and the themes stuck out like a sore thumb.  Now, not a week goes  by when I don't put this on.  First class songwriting and an unerring sense  of melody.  A definite desert island disc.  Favorite singles:  &quot;Michael&quot; and &quot;One of the Broken&quot;.
6301174240|5.0|This movie is excellent because it has an excellent storyline and the music is outstanding! My favourite songs in this movie are Speed Demon, Leave Me Alone and Smooth Criminal because those are pretty good songs. EXCELLENT MOVIE TO OWN. IF REALLY LIKE MICHAEL JACKSON, BUY THIS MOVIE AND I BET YOU'LL WATCH THIS MOVIE AGAIN AND AGAIN!
0790736942|2.0|Why the fifth power you ask?  Because that's how many times I threw up after watching it.  This is the only movie that's ever made me physically ill, and quite frankly, I didn't mind at all.  It's totally awesome.
0345363132|5.0|This amazing book will have you spellbound within minutes. It is utterly  brilliant. Sharon Penman breaths the very life into Richard the Third,  Edward the Fourth and their contemporaries. Even if you are familiar with  history and their story, you will never feel the same way about them again.  Penman is an inspired writer and as such, she makes you feel as if you know  the characters and truly understand their motivations. If you only read one  book about the Wars of the Roses, this is the one to read.
B00003CXFG|5.0|Pitch Black rocks!!  I went to see this picture expecting yet another Alien knock-off.  Instead, I was treated to an inventive, visually stunning, genuinely frightening SF actioner in which the biggest twists and surprises were the changes that took place in the characters themselves as the story progressed.  Even my wife liked it, and she doesn't like sci-fi gorefests.  (Has never forgiven me for taking her to see Alien 20 years ago.)  If you like SF/horror/action, this is not a &quot;must see.&quot;  It is a &quot;must own.&quot;
0440211727|4.0|I am very much awakned by this book it shows you a whole knew outlook. To see that two men could be so heartless,and innocent child should not be in  anyone's fantasy. The twistedness of this can mak a dog sick as the term is  so frequently used. I think that the way that this was betrayed in this  book an show us that things like this are not to b taken lightly,and things  like this do happn very day whether we hear about it or not. America has  this sinc of security that is suspected but if we shut are eyesm to such  events the we to should b at the judgement table no qustions asked. America  we can not pull the shutters ovr the yes of our children yes give them that  since of stability,and comfort but always tell them to keep there guard  up,and not to trust everyone!
630575067X|3.0|What can you say about Jar Jar?  He's cute, lovable, and I just want to take him home with me!  I wish the rest of the cast had acted on the same  par as Jar Jar (whoops I'm a poet!)  The special effects were really  trememdous; you couldn't even see the fishing line on any of the space  ships and they looked like they were really in space!  I would give this  movie 5 stars, oh what the heck, I'm giving it 5 stars because of Jar Jar!
6305075492|5.0|besides the total love I habve for this movie I think it is a wonderful thing that the film has taken on a life of it's own in the Music video  genre. Whether they are shameless rip-offs or tributes it seems that the  directors of the Smashing Pumpikins videa for &quot;33&quot; and the Red  Hot Chilli Peppers' clip for &quot;The Other Side&quot; both have  undoubtable simularities to the classic movie.  It is good that at least in  some way this movie still reaches an audience whether they know it or not.
079213690X|3.0|From beginning to end, Braveheart delivers a no-holds-barred look at what it was like to be a Scottish dude back when men were men, and they wore skirts.  Mel Gibson portrays this Scottish dude who knows that what he believes is right, and he rallies everyone around him to fight the other dudes. In the end, there's a major battle, and everyone starts fighting, the scene is totally awesome.  If nothing else, see this movie for the end battle scene because it's totally awesome.  This movie kicks major butt.
B000002GFC|5.0|Called the first supergroup, Cream made an everlasting impression in their  few short years together before internal pressures caused its members to go  their separate ways.  20 tracks, the cream of Cream.  This album includes  the songs you would expect:  &quot;I Feel Free&quot;, &quot;Strange  Brew&quot;, &quot;Sunshine of Your Love&quot;, &quot;White Room&quot;, and  &quot;Crossroads&quot;, but also includes tons of other great music not  often heard anymore.  Some great blues, but also some more poppy tunes like  &quot;Wrapping Paper&quot; and &quot;Anyone For Tennis&quot; that will  suprise and delight listeners.  This is one of the best bands of the late  '60s, and is still everywhere, appearing most recently in car commercials  (&quot;I Feel Free&quot;) and a computer commercial (&quot;White  Room&quot;).  For people like me, without the need to find their individual  albums (at least not yet), this album is the essential starting place for  this band.
0380002930|5.0|At first when you learn that this story is about a group of rabbits  escaping from their warren, it seems more like a little kid book, than a  book that more teenagers and adults would read. But once you get into it,  you discover a whole new world, where each rabbit has it's own unique  personality and they go through things in life that we as human would never  have given a rabbit credit for. It's one of the most creative and  imaginative books that I've ever read. It's filled with suspense, intigue,  and excitement, and you'll be so hocked on it afterward that you'll  want  to go and read it again and again.
B000002H33|5.0|This is the best Metallica album, no weak tracks, the band is working  perfectly as a unit, and it has the best Metallica songs of all time,  &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)&quot; and the title track.  I also  particularly like &quot;Leper Messiah&quot; and &quot;Orion&quot; their  instrumental track.  The album shows the promise of earlier work come to  fruition and no metal fan should be without it.
B00003CWNR|4.0|I went into this movie with high expections as I'm a fan of the director, Lasse Hallstrom, and the writer, John Irving (who also adapted the  screenplay from his novel). I loved the movie, but it wasn't quite as good  as I'd hoped. Certainly not as engaging or sentimental as The World  According to Garp, which is still the best movie based on an Irving novel.  (Speaking of which, why the hell hasn't Garp been released on DVD? It's a  classic!) Anyway, I had a couple of Kleenex at the ready as I was expecting  a tearjerker; alas, I only had to use them once. <br />The characters are  developed nicely and while the story is a bit saccharine, you can't help  but feel affectionate toward them. I mean, come on, you have a bunch of  cute orphans being shepherded by saint-like caretakers. How can you resist  its charms? <br />Its pro-choice theme is coveyed in a non-preachy or  self-righteous way, which is nice to see. Tobey Maguire turns in his best  performance to date as a young man searching for his role in life on his  way to adulthood who ventures out on his own only to find his destiny  belongs back where he came from; Michael Caine, as the selfless caretaker  of the orphanage with an addiction to ether, demonstrates his Oscar win for  his supporting role was certainly justified.<br />Definitely worth renting,  but perhaps not a keeper.
B000002GJS|5.0|This album is probably most well know for it's ballads and with good  reason.  &quot;(Everything I Do) I Do it for You&quot; and &quot;Thought  I'd Died and Gone to Heaven&quot; are arguably the best ballads Bryan Adams  has ever done.  Personally, though, I love this album for the rock, every  bit as good as the &quot;Summer of '69&quot; days.  I won't list  everything, but the best are surely &quot;Is Your Momma Gonna Miss  Ya?&quot;, &quot;Not Guilty&quot;, &quot;There Will Never Be Another  Tonight&quot;, and &quot;Touch the Hand&quot;.  Those that were put off by  the ballads, don't worry, this album is still a great rock and roll record.
B00004NRUM|4.0|1994's &quot;Brave&quot; is a much more difficult and challenging album  than its predecessor &quot;Holidays in Eden&quot;. Marillion's intention is  to tell the possible story of a young woman who was picked up by the police  one night. Although she wasn't dumb or deaf, she refused to say anything.  &quot;Brave&quot; could have been Marillion's masterpiece, but it is not,  for two reasons: First, several of the 11 tracks drag too much, out of the  need to fill up a 71-minute disc. The 12 1/2-minute suite &quot;Goodbye to  all that&quot; features more than eight minutes of aimless ambient  soundscapes and meanders in spots. &quot;Alone again..&quot; has a great,  memorable melody, but again, the second half of this song could be removed  without problems. Moreover, the band falls from one musical extreme into  the other; from low-key piano passages straight into rather formulaic rock  textures and back. Some tracks start with graceful and melodic sounds, but  suddenly, the band breaks out and makes a mess of the song. The guitars  drone and crash while Steve H rages in over-the-top emotion. On the other  hand, Marillion certainly know how to create musical tension, and this  becomes evident in the first four or five minutes. The opener  &quot;Bridge&quot; does an excellent job of creating an image of a  nocturnal street scene, with its guitar sweeps and sighing synths. Later,  Steve's voice comes in, accompanied by piano. Finally, it seamlessly flows  into the opening guitar arpeggio of &quot;Living with..&quot;. Excellent!  The understated title track is the album's most hypnotic and mysterious  composition. There are also some pretty hard-rocking tracks, &quot;Hard as  love&quot;, &quot;Paper lies&quot;, or the second half of &quot;The great  escape&quot;, but in my opinion, these bursts of aggression are not  appropriate and seem forced. The last cut, &quot;Made again&quot;, is  symptomatic of the band itself, since &quot;Brave&quot; was the album that  re-established Marillion as one of art-rock's leading bands. The bonus disc  contains demo versions and some obscurities, for example, an orchestral  version of &quot;The great escape&quot;. Despite some shortcomings,  &quot;Brave&quot; indeed is amidst the most important art-rock albums of  the '90s, giving listeners a great deal to think about.ished Marillion as one of art-rock's leading bands. The bonus disc  contains demo versions and some obscurities, for example, an orchestral  version of &quot;The great escape&quot;. Despite some shortcomings,  &quot;Brave&quot; indeed is amidst the most important art-rock albums of  the '90s, giving listeners a great deal to think about.
B000002H6C|4.0|While this album does show that the band can still write good material  even after an unforseen lineup change, this album just isn't as good as  their previous three.  &quot;One&quot; is the only real standout here, the  rest of the album seems rather murky, like the band didn't quite know where  they were going.  In a sense I think that is true, they just went through a  major change in the band and even the success of &quot;One&quot; probably  did not prepare them for what would come with their next record.  Also seen  here is even heavier sounding music, the speed metal is all but gone.  Also  important to note is the drum work.  If you listen closely you can tell  that they are different than before, tuned tighter for a sound not really  heard much before, but everywhere now, primarily because of this album.
0671034065|5.0|I love a book that makes me laugh out loud and this one definitely qualifies. The verbal volley of words between neighbors Detective Sam  Donovan and everygirl Jaine Bright was delightful, witty, and sexy! From  their first explosive encounter to their final scene, Sam and Jaine are  HOT! Through her life Jaine has never found anyone to keep pace with her  quick mind,sharp tongue, or understand her love of muscle cars. Not even  her three ex-fiances! In Sam she finds it all including passion and love.   Jaine and her three friends make a tongue-in-cheek list itemizing what it  takes to be their idea of &quot;Mr. Perfect&quot;. The list finds it's way  into the company newsletter, then the local news, and snowballs from there  until the list generates more publicity than the ladies want. What started  out as harmless, silly &quot;girl&quot; humor quickly turns deadly as one  man takes exception to the ladies publicizing his imperfection. Sam is on  the case and hot on Jaine's heels. What a neighbor! If you like your  romances to have spice, suspense, steam, and wicked humor then &quot;Mr.  Perfect&quot; is a book for you!
B000002H2H|5.0|Metallica took a flying leap over a sophmore slump with this effort.  More  cohesive that their debut, this record showed the band branching out in  different directions, a little less speed and a little more heavy, really  the only song that would even fit on the first record is &quot;Fight Fire  With Fire.&quot;  &quot;Fade to Black&quot; may have put some fans off, but  it helped win a lot more, and with good reason.  Metallica gave real  meaning to the term 'power ballad'.  best tracks are &quot;For Whom the  Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death&quot;.  This is one of the best  records in metal history.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is a great cd. I recommend it to all.  Eminem has amazing skills with  his words.  My favorite track is &quot;Stan.&quot;  I think  &quot;Stan&quot; showed a more serious side of him.  &quot;Who Knew&quot;  is another great track.  (...)lungs out  around the house or in the car.you will love this one I SWEAR. :)rry  for you Insane Clown Posse!  If you have not bought the CD buy it you be  glad you did!azing.ds want to be  like him.  His brutally honest &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; showcases his once  back-and-forth relationship with drugs and their brutal effects.  Two of  the biggest standouts on the album are &quot;Stan&quot; and  &quot;Kim.&quot;  &quot;Stan&quot; illustrates the issue of fan-obsession  and its extremes.  The song soars with backing vocals by Dido, making it  even more captivating.  &quot;Kim&quot; is oddly gripping and emotionally  exhausting--its haunting melody and lyrics paint a picture of the darker  side of a relationship gone too far.  Eminem wildly wavers between hate,  love, dispair, and hope before ending the song with the utmost tragedy.   Eminem's writing skills are amazing--his ability to tell stories conjure up  disturbing mental images as he journeys to the dark side of life.   Definitely not for the easily offended, Eminem will make you laugh, think,  and hit the &quot;repeat&quot; button on your CD player.  This album is  worth buying and listening. will make you laugh, think,  and hit the &quot;repeat&quot; button on your CD player.  This album is  worth buying and listening.
B0000004F9|5.0|Much  different than later albums, the only thing I can compare this to is Pink  Floyd's first album with Syd Barret.  Weird, but beautiful and fun at the  same time.  Lyrics are here, unlike some later stuff.  The best is  \\"Why Are We Sleeping?\\".  This band was out to make a record that  they liked, and they did it.  This is one of the best albums I have from  the late '60's.
B00003CX95|5.0|What more is there to say about Braveheart that hasn't already been said. Its without a doubt one of the best movies ever, which is why it won so  many Oscars. As for the DVD release, I must admit I was a little  disappointed that there wasn't more extras than were released. There is a  30 minute featurette about the making of the movie which was quite  interesting, and a commentary track which was also entertaining to listen  to. This is definetly a DVD which everyone should have in their collection.
B00000FCBC|4.0|An album of covers?  Only Metallica could get away with this.  And it's  great!  Who would think to hear Metallica go acoustic with &quot;Tuesday's  Gone&quot;?  And where else can you find a love song like &quot;It's  Electric&quot; three songs from &quot;Die, Die My Darling&quot;?  Also  great on the first disc is Blue Oyster Cult's Astronomy and Thin Lizzy's  version of &quot;Whiskey in the Jar&quot;.  The second disc is older stuff,  compiled and re-released here.  the best is Budgie's &quot;Breadfan&quot;,  now there is an interesting band to check out, look for that weird metal  eagle/bird thing on their album covers.  Its kind of cool to match up these  tracks with what Metallica was recording at the time and see the parallels  between Metallica's muxic and the bands that they were into at the time.   This is an excellent cross section of metal music made Metallica's own.
078062369X|5.0|i saw this movie at a friends house and i loved it.  i am gonna get asap.  it is a good action packed movie.  snipes does a good job acting in the  movie.  i say you should rent or get it asap.
B000002H97|5.0|What more can you say about this album that has not been said?  Everyone  has heard it, more than half its songs still receive heavy airplay.  I  don't think any metal collection is complete without the album that gave us  &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Sad But True&quot;, &quot;Wherever I May  Roam&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, and all the rest.  If you  don't already have this album what are you waiting for?
B0000004UB|5.0|&quot;That sensation&quot; is a great love song , too. It's very dancy.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Terminator 1 was a great movie but after seeing T2 you can easily see the difference between the visuals between the two.  The DVD features are packed into this thing.  The commercial on TV mentioned 3 versions on the CD:  Theatrical (120 mins), Special (156 mins), and a Hidden Alternate.  I have no idea what this is.  All I know is that I'm gonna sit here and play with this remote until I find it on this DVD.  If any of you know anything about this hidden alternate stuff or have found it, email me:  socko130@hotmail.com<br />One of the greatest things about T2 is that you have no idea at the beginning (unless your friend tells you before you see it) which terminator is the protector and which is the killer.  Both of them kick some butt at the beginning.  When Arnold gets his clothes it was a little giveaway that he was the good guy.  Other than that, it's pretty cool all the way up to that scene at the video arcade when both terminators whip out their guns and you have no idea whats gonna happen until Arnold says &quot;duck&quot; or whatever.  Classic.  James Cameron has yet to make a crappy film.  NOT THE ULTIMATE EDITION DVD, BUT THE ULTIMATE DVD.
B0000004UB|5.0|Samantha Fox has succeeded in releasing an album which is in my eyes the  most impressive pop album of a decade.  It's a various masterpiece with  Sam's pleasant voice ,very catchy melodies and both very intelligent and  fluent lyrics. &quot;I surrender&quot; is a disco classic which reminds of  hot summer nights in a city. &quot;I promise u&quot; is just pure pop and  also a classic. &quot;True Devotion&quot; is my favourite here, it's the  absolute ballad which will touch your soul for sure. &quot;Naughty Girls  need luv, too&quot; is the RnB classic of the late 80s, the melody is  great! 'Dream City&quot; is also one of my fave, it's a dark story about  social decline. &quot;The best is yet to come&quot; is a romantic ballad of  master quality. &quot;Nothing's gonna stop me now&quot; is pure pop fun,  the lyrics are very self-confident and give u a feeling of taking  consequences to keep your self-respect. &quot;If music be the food of  luv&quot; is a pop song which will surely create a good party-mood. I also  recommend u to watch the fab videoclips to this album which are mainly  available on the now-rare VHS videotape &quot;Samantha Fox-Making  Music&quot;. The videoclip &quot;Naughty Girls need love, too&quot; is on  the VHS tape &quot;Samantha Fox-The Hits video collection&quot;.
6304169558|3.0|The special effects in this movie are incredible.  You really feel like you are right their chasing the twisters.  You even hear the sounds of the twister.  This movie also showed me the power and devastation of tornadoes and how terrifying they are, for those caught in their path.  The characters in this movie were likable, but I did not find the plot very interesting.  However, I did enjoy this movie for the special effects.
B00003CX95|5.0|I had originally bought braveheart on vhs a little while ago.  And when I heard that it was coming out on Dvd I knew i just had to get it.  And it  was definatly worth it.  The picture is a million times clearer. the sound  is fantastic.  you can hear every single piece of metal during the battles.   The extras are great with 2 theatrical trailers, a interesting  documentary, and commentary with Mel Gibson.      Definatly worth buying  again!
B00000064G|5.0|Just to be different, I'm not gonna spend this review rambling on  endlessly about whom Nick Drake sounds like or whom he's influenced.   Instead, I'm gonna talk about his music -- specifically, in this case, the  album &quot;Pink Moon&quot;.  Ready?  Let's begin:<br />All of Drake's albums  are pretty terrific.  &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; is wispy and  fragile-sounding in a typical late-sixties folksy kind of way.  The only  thing that makes it rise above the sandal-wearing fray is the strength of  the songs themselves -- which, when you think about it, is a pretty good  way to rise above the fray, if one feels compelled to do such a  thing....<br />Drake's second release, &quot;Bryter Layter&quot;, is something  quite different.  This time, the songs (while still -- genetically, at  least -- wispy and fragile) are beefed-up through a more ambitious (did  someone say intrusive?) production technique.  The end result is intriguing  (&quot;Hazy Jane I &amp; II&quot;) and burdensome (&quot;Poor Boy&quot;) in  equal measure.  Call it a draw.<br />Which brings us to &quot;Pink Moon&quot;.   Apparently, Drake was uncomfortable (surprise, surprise) with the pop star  treatment of the &quot;Bryter Layter&quot; material because &quot;Pink  Moon&quot;'s stark, acoustic offerings are obviously a bold reaction to it.   These songs are so quiet and introspective that they make &quot;Five  Leaves Left&quot; sound like Deep Purple's &quot;Machine Head&quot;.  But  that is exactly why &quot;Pink Moon&quot; is Nick Drake's crowning  achievement.  If anyone's songs were meant to be recorded in a bedroom with  nothing but a few wooded instruments and whispered vocals for  accompaniment, it's Drake's.  Just listen to &quot;Road&quot;, &quot;From  the Morning&quot;, or the astounding, otherworldly title track and tell me  that I'm wrong....
B0000203YT|3.0|&quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; is dazzling entertainment, but its historical accuracy is questionable.  The filmmakers make a number of  assumptions common or implicit in historical and literary research-- that  public hygienic and sanitary conditions for Elizabethans were generally  atrocious; that Elizabethans were violence-prone people; that women were  forbidden from the Elizabethan stage; that marriages among the aristocracy  and the middle classes were generally arranged affairs; that Elizabethan  royalty could be entertained with clowns and dogs; that Elizabeth herself  expected noblemen to spread their cloaks for her. Beyond these assumptions,  the filmmakers fail to answer an essential question:  what were the  Elizabethans really like? The film quite pointedly views them through the  prism of Twentieth-Century sensibilities and thus misses greater  opportunities for historical accuracy.  In fact, the film may be more a  satire on what we moderns think was happening in the age of Shakespeare  than what was actually happening.  One other acknowledgable strength of the  film:  the events and people provide a wonderful, Jeopardy-like quiz of the  plots, situations, and characters of Shakespeare's plays.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight club has gotten a bad rap among professional reviewers, so here's my take.  WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!  This is by far one of the best films to come out of our so-called Generation X (I loved their first album).  It is a mantra for our lost souls, it shows us the truth about consumerism and materialism.  It's been called facistic and violent and cruel...  Perhaps it IS all these things, but our society is ALSO all these things.  You can't comment on the state of a society using a different language than the one spoken there.  We live inside this violent, cruel, and yes, even facist American culture and we must see it for what it is.  Fight Club helps this process along considerably.  I'm not telling you to go out and start beating each other up, but definitly take *SOME* of what this movie has to say to heart.  Besides that, Ed Norton is one of the most versitile actors working right now and is performance is EXCELLENT.  Check out Helena B-C's American accent too!  Great work.
B00003CWN3|5.0|The author of the blurb on this one obviously doesn't have a clue. Brandon Teena is transsexual, female to male, NOT a woman masquerading as a man.   The film is quite wonderful.  Yet it fails to get through the blindness and  prejudice that did Brandon in.
6302293553|3.0|Granted - it often drags, some sequences are boring, and those expecting a plot (...which would only show they have never watched Monty Python) will  be disappointed. Yet anyone with the slightest interest in the Middle Ages  will be hard put not to collapse with laughter at some of the characters  and scenes. Culture buffs (...well, most of them...) would call this junk  food, but those who love humour would agree that it is as spicy as nachos  and addictive as crisps. Fill up!
B00003CWN3|5.0|The offer of the blurb on this one obviously doesn't have a clue. Brandon Teena is transsexual, female to male, NOT a woman masquerading as a man.   The film is quite wonderful.  Yet it fails to get through the blindness and  prejudice that did Brandon in.
B00000IPGT|5.0|Though Monty Python sketches tend to be first rate, my normal attitude towards the full-length films is similar to how I approach Wagner operas -  great moments, tedious intervals between. Not so with the Life of Brian.  The crew manages to spoof biblical epics (though, contrary to what some  protestors would have one believe then, not the real Christ) brilliantly.  Dialogue is satire at its best, and the final song (given the setting)  could lead one to uncontrollable laughter. A guilty pleasure that I'll  admit is highly enjoyable!
B000001DQG|3.0|One year after EJ released his two-album set, \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick  Road\\", it wasn't long before he was in the studio trying to capture  the magic once again. Unfortunately, he fell far short; not that it hurt  record sales too much. The album starts out promisingly with the hard-edged  and funky \\"The Bitch is Back.\\" From this point on, the situation  gets dicey indeed. \\"Pinky\\" is a nice, subtle love song, but  perhaps a little too sticky sweet for some. \\"Grimsby\\" makes the  point about how living in a far-flung, sea-side village is in some ways  better than the rolling hills of the country or the gritty city life.  \\"Stinker\\" is a raunchy blues rocker with great horn work and nice  soloing by Davey Johnstone. However, songs like the gibberish-laden  \\"Solar Prestige a Gammon\\" reach a new nadir; this song probably  got Elton more comparisons to Liberace than any other. \\"I've Seen the  Saucers\\" is interesting, but won't last long in the memory.  \\"You're so Static\\" is just plain awful, and \\"Dixie  Lily\\" is an inconsequential song about fishing on the Mississippi.  \\"Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me\\" redeems the dross quite a lot.  The album ends on the downer narrative, \\"Ticking.\\" I'ts a story  that grabs a lot of headlines nowadays: A lone gunman holds people hostage  because he's deranged, and ends up killing a few who try to escape. The  story tends to overlap the melody too much, but the frantic piano  overdubbing follows the story very well. For instance, when the bullets go  flying, the piano notes are played very quickly. It is debatable as to  whether the story actually happened, however. There's not too much here  that wasn't done before, or more to the point, done BETTER, on other EJ  albums. My review might actually be closer to 2-1/2 stars; you really must  be in the mood to listen to it.
6300215717|5.0|When it comes to beauty, grace, elegance and style, no-one else comes NEAR Audrey Hepburn!<br />I'll have to confess a bit of my shallowness that brought me to this film.  First, since childhood, I have always adored Audrey Hepburn.  Second, since I was 15, I've been collecting and (still can be found) catting-about-town on my Italian scooters (Lambrettas--TV175 (despite its highly unreliable nature) and Vespas--90, 150, GS, 200).  Now flashback to my early days of peon-hood and slaving in a drug-store that sold VHS films--I unpacked this film one day.  Audrey on Vespa  w/ Gregory Peck.  It called to me as no other movie.  I bought it that day!<br />This movie is style and sophistication brought to life.  It is so near perfect, that it almost defies commentary.  Audrey, running off with the dashing gentleman-but-cad-at-heart Gregory Peck.  A film made slighty before the Jet-Set age, where travel to Europe was still somewhat of a novelty for most Americans.<br />I enjoy this film more each time I watch it.  I cannot wait until its release on DVD.<br />Get this film before any other Audrey movie.  You will love it. Then RUN out and get Breakfast at Tiffany's (a perfect movie, scored by the perfect maestro--Mancini) and Charade (w/ Cary Grant--the perfect spy-spoof from the very start).
0064431789|5.0|This was my first and favorite book growing up and now it is my sons'. I can't recommend it enough, especially for boys...
B00004RF98|5.0|The caption above simply says it all.  I don't know what more can be said, and even if I did, I don't know that I would be able to find the words to say/write it.<br />I love this film.  I can watch it anytime, but I'll tell you the best time watch this film:  Very late at night/very early in the morning--depending on your perspective.  After all the hustle of the day has passed you by, and, perhaps, after you have had a very enjoyable, but tiresome, dinner party.  Turn the lights off, save one light w/ dimmer abilities and slip into something comfortable. Climb into your soft leather sofa (or favorite comfy chair), and watch this movie.  It is so nice, and so perfect, for winding down and bringing on a TREMENDOUS amount of warmth and nostalgia.<br />Interestingly, the same is true of &quot;Roman Holiday&quot; with Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck.  And, to go further back, the same is particularly true with ANY of the &quot;Road to&quot; movies with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby.<br />Get this film, and check out the others I've mentioned.  You will love it (them).
0393317552|3.0|Many of the criticisms of Diamond's book among the 250+ reviews below  correctly point out its many flaws: the short shrift given to cultural  factors, the over-emphasis on the regions with which the author is most  familiar (e.g. New Guinea, Polynesia), sweeping and often unsupported  generalizations, repititions in the body of the text, etc. However,  overriding thesis on the vital importance of biological and  geographic/geological factors in shaping the broad course of human history  is a valid one and he argues it quite plausibly. The only problem is that  Diamond's arguments begin to falter as he gets closer to the modern era,  which is his own fault for not conducting the necessary research and  thinking his basic ideas over more thoroughly. However, perhaps the most  important aspect of \\"Guns, Germs and Steel\\" lies in the public response to  it (as seen both on this public reviews page and in the U.S. as a whole,  where it was a bestseller and Pulitzer Prize winner), as people were  essentially surprised at having human history presented in such a manner.  This despite the fact that many of Diamond's basic points are hardly  original, and specific aspects of his argument have been brought up and  explained in much greater detail by other historians, anthropologists,  etc., as even the most superficial glance at Diamond's own bibliography  shows. This is indicative: in the U.S. at least, the basic impact of  biogeographical factors on human history is hardly ever discussed in any  depth (if at all) in high school and university \\"Western Civ\\"  courses-either in lectures or in the textbooks. In this sense, Diamond's  book is an excellent supplement to any study of world history, although it  should be read critically.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is the best DVD you can buy right now! Unfortunately the movie is also one of the best - and randomly Arnies best movie he ever shot. So hurry up and buy this incredible movie on DVD with these great extra features!!!
0060975768|5.0|This book was excellent.  It has actual accounts from the men who were  engaged in the conflict.  I always have had a respect for our countrymen  who fought over there and this book just reinforces that.  If you are  looking for a taste of what these brave men went through for their country  this is it.  They can not be honored enough.
0446310786|1.0|I can see why some people enjoy To Kill a Mockingbird. It is very vocal about certain issues in life. I was completely bored reading this book.  Although I liked Scout and Jem, I was not excited to read about a young  girl's life in a small town. It seemed like a small plot and was not  planned well. A court case is hardly a thrilling idea.
0792107683|5.0|A masterpiece of simplicity, this picture practically stands as a legend among films. Rather than avoiding the cliches, platitudes and stereotypes  of the Western genre, &quot;SHANE&quot; EMBRACES them; everything in the  film favours its treatment as a myth (and it became a cult classic for the  very reason that it worked beautifully!)  SHANE was made in 1953 and today  it can still be counted as a national treasure! A classic, flawless western  has Ladd cast as a retired gunfighter who comes to the aid of a homestead  family who are threatened by a land baron and his hired gun. The mystery  man becomes young DeWilde's idol (the boy's haunting cry S-H-AANNNE!  was  legendary stuff throughout the fifties). The Pulitzer Prize winning  novelist A.B. Guthrie, Jr. adapted the screenplay from the novel by Jack  Schaefer; at 117 minutes, it's longer than many realize or remember, but  definitely worth every minute of the viewer's time! Arthur's last film; she  died in 1990 at the age of 89.
B00004TVV1|4.0|Collaborations can be tricky things.  Once in a great while two artists -  people with no prior connection to each other and no plans of ever working  together again, from different countries, cultures, generations - step into  a studio and create magic.  The place lights up, the combo gels, and a  best-of-genre level record is produced.  John Coltrain/Johnny Hartman, Ella  Fitzgerald with Louis Armstrong, Getz/Gilberto, Sinatra/Jobim, Oscar  Peterson with just about anyone.<br />Other times what seems like a natural  pairing leaves both parties looking worse than they did when they went in;   check out &quot;Dylan and the Dead&quot; if you dare.<br />And then there's  sessions like Sinatra/Ellington or this one.  Not great, by no means bad,  not what they could have or should have been, and occasionally  brilliant.<br />While Armstrong and Ellington are the twin towers of the jazz  landscape, they are very different temperments.  Louis is Storyville,  exhuberent, red hot.  Duke is Harlem Renaissance, sophisticated, cool blue.   They don't always fit together, and the rest of the players are left to  take sides.<br />The band is unfamiliar with the charts and Duke is unfamiliar  with the band, so the composite rhythm section doesn't always click into  place, and the tunes are somewhat under-rehearsed.<br />BUT...<br />When it works  it really, really, really works.  Black and Tan (the most New Orlean-sy  sounding tune on the album) is remarkable, Beginning to See The Light makes  you do just that, It Don't Mean A Thing is definitive,  and I Got It Bad  (And That's Not Good) may well be the best recording of anything  ever.<br />Also worth getting for the premiere of Azalea, Louis's rewritten  words to Drop Me Off In Harlem, and of course that second disk where the  whole thing takes shape.
B000000OU4|5.0|I bought this album having been introduced to Metheny several years ago.   It is an awesome composition exploring the modern jazz fusion Pat Metheny  is the undoubted master of.  Ignore this album and die ignorant!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|I have waited for this phenomenal disc ever since the August 29 release date was announced, and let me tell you....It was worth every minute of the wait!! I couldn't wait until I got home to watch T2. The audio and video quality of this DVD is nothing short of brilliant!! The T2 soundtrack totally rocked my system and will continue to do so each and every time I place it in my player!!! With all of the added features included on this disc, I look to be tied up for quite some time trying to navigate through it all. This is a movie that has it all: Action, Drama, Suspense and just pure excitement!!! If you were to own just ONE DVD in your collection, then make T2:The Ultimate Edition the ultimate purchase for your home theater, I Did!!!
6305546789|5.0|John Carpenter's Halloween cares not for plot or technicalities. It's a simple disturbing horror film that appeals to our most baser sensiblities.  <br />Carpenter weaves a simple story of an escaped crazed maniac who returns  to his hometown 15 years after he murders his sister. He seemingly randomly  chooses his victims and kills them.<br />The some of the acting is great and  some is bad but it's non-detrimental to the whole feeling of the film  because if feels laid back and real. The ingenious camera work by Dean  Cundey is something that must be experienced by all horror  buffs.<br />Carpenter knows how to manipulate an audience's feelings by  keeping the plot simple but creating intense feelings of suspense and fear.  He achieves this by making the whole experience ramdom and out of real  life. It feels like this could happen to you because these characters  aren't doing anything out of the ordinary when evil is visited upon them  and therefore suggests that evil needs not a catalyst for manifestation.  Also there are no witty one-liners that no one says in real life.<br />The  score must be heared!  I can't say any more than that.<br />Halloween needs  no bubble gummy Hollywood decorum or broken fire hydrant overindulgence. It  needs only to dictate the universal language of fear.
0780631684|4.0|Surprisingly, I went into this movie wanting to hate everything about it.  Since the Scream films there has been way too much copying of subplots and  scary scenes that just aren't scary.  Well, I was quite satisfied with this  one for the simple principle that it gets under your skin about something  that is inevitable for all of us-DEATH!  Too many movies side step the idea  of death and try to give you a bunch of hokey suspense scenes and lame  scare tactics.  What's scarier than death itself?  It's the ultimate thing  none of us know anything about except what we'll look like at the  end-lifeless.  I do need to give credit to the actors for doing such a good  job in making all these characters believable.  If you're a fan of good  suspense and movies that like to have a little fun without throwing too  much egg on it's face, this movie is for you!
6305531374|2.0|I really had high hopes for Halloween H2O. I really wanted to see Jamie Lee reprise her role. But my heart sank when I saw that this movie was just another by-the-numbers slasher flick. It now has a glossy new 90's feel and pace for our society's ever shortening attention span. There are instances of wit and respect for the original Halloween in keeping the plot simple and gore to a bare minimum but there's nothing creative or scary here you anticipate ever single scare (which again resorts to loud and sudden orchestra hits) This film, I think, is just cashing in on the the success of Scream and carries alot of it's bubble gum style. I felt empty at the end credits because I was really looking foreward to a fresh experience. Even their marketing scheme is typical with the fresh expressionless faces of the stars emerging out of the dark to form a row of faces. Really! Are they trying to show off their diverse collaboration, showing how different cool people can make a cool movie? Or were they impressed by the Gap commercials and just had to steal their style? Oh God. I'm so sorry Jamie Lee but this movie should have been something else. Jamie Lee should have back out of this movie or at least waited for a fine tuned script.
B000003N89|5.0|This awesome tribute to the Nat King Cole Trio is unbelievable.  One would  not have thought that a new version of the songs she sings could be so  fresh and new.  But with Diana Krall's voice and jazzy-sexy touch.... I  feel so close to the modern jazz era again.  This is a must-have Krall  selection for afficionados and new listeners alike.
B0000022WA|5.0|One of the best. Definetly a movie for all ages! Looking forward to seeing more movies by Hayley Mills! The story of two girls that meet at summer  camp, one of them a talented girl that knows how to play the piano and was  raised to always keep her back straight, the other, a girl who's used to  swimming and horesback riding whenever she feels like it. They manage to  fool the parents and keep the dad from marrying a young woman who's only  intention is sharing the dad's wealth and sending the girl who's with her  dad to a boarding school. You'll have to find out how it ends on your own!
B00004SCX6|3.0|Britney Spears's CD isn't all that, like I've heard.  Personally, I'm getting pretty tired of that song &quot;Oops!...I did it again&quot;. What  kind of a song is this? Is this even qualified to BE a song? Every time you  turn on a radio you hear that annoying sound. And... what's UP with that  music video I saw on TV? It's disgusting, trying to make it look like she's  &quot;Not that innocent,&quot; when all along she's supposed to be this  innocent lil' school girl.  To tell the truth, I don't own the CD. I didn't  want it because it would be a waste when I only like ONE song of the whole  album. So.. I bought a single, and I'm happy with that. I put three stars  because it's not a terrible CD, it's just....  annoying. I'll end this  review with one more thought of mine. I can't tell you not to buy the CD,  and I shouldn't. But if I were you, I'd buy the single.
B000002I2M|5.0|This sixth and final studio album by The Doors had been recorded and was  still in the final stages of mixing when Jim Morrison left on that fateful  trip to Paris.  \\"L.A.  Woman,\\" like all of The Door's albums, covers a wide  spectrum of emotional territory, from out and out rockers like the title  cut, \\"L.A. Woman\\" (which is the highlight of the project), and the cryptic  \\"The Changeling,\\" to the acerbic musings of \\"Been Down So Long\\" to the wary  strains of \\"Cars Hiss By My Window,\\" and \\"Crawling King Snake.\\" Then it  swings all the way to the other end of the scale with the disturbing  metaphor and Morrison's hypnotic delivery of  \\"Riders On The Storm,\\" the  final song on the album which, in retrospect, seems somehow appropriate:   \\"Riders on the storm / into this house we're born / into this world we're  thrown.\\"  Overall the album conveys a strong sense of worldly wisdom and  weariness that is reflected, not only in the music, but chiefly in  Morrison's voice; there's the clarity of \\"Love Her Madly\\" and the ethereal  quality of  \\"Riders On The Storm,\\" to the gritty resonance of \\"L.A, Woman,\\"  to the downright ragged coarseness of \\"Been Down So Long,\\" in which he  sounds as if he could tear his own heart out, and yours along with it.   There's two cuts steeped in allegory, \\"L'America\\" and \\"Hyacinth House:\\"   \\"What are they doing in the Hyacinth house / to please the lions / this  day?\\"  And listen closely to the lyrics of \\"The Wasp (Texas Radio and the  Big Beat); there is a longing in the subtle poetry and a determination in  the way Morrison delivers it that makes it possibly the most insightful cut  on the album:  \\"Listen to this I'll tell you about the heartache / I'll  tell you about the heartache and the loss of God / I'll tell you about the  hopeless night / the meager food for souls forgot / tell you about the  maiden with wrought iron soul.\\"  This album may take you down streets  rarely traveled; Morrison's words alone are captivating, but when  underscored by Ray Manzarek's keyboards, Robby Krieger's guitar and John  Densmore's drums, it combines into a force that will carry you off to an  entirely different plane.  This is rock n' roll at it's best; elitists may  scoff, but there is a strength and power to this music that cannot be  dismissed out-of-hand.  The music of The Doors is alive, and it will  continue to endure because, as \\"L.A. Woman\\" proves, it is timeless.
B00000I41J|5.0|This disc is a sonic marvel, beautifully packaged as the limited Rudy Van  Gelder edition (he was Blue Note's ace engineer). &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot;  is the gold standard here, but check out Miles' straight-ahead take on  &quot;Love for Sale&quot; and the noir-ish spell Cannonball weaves on  &quot;Dancing in the Dark.&quot; The bonus track is no big deal, but who  cares. Essential, accessible desert-island jazz.
6302424739|5.0|If you love books - especially old, rare, classics that await discovery in estate sales, or in dusty second-hand shops with a house cat asleep next to  the register - then you'll love 84 CHARING CROSS ROAD.  Anne Bancroft and  Anthony Hopkins star in this low-key 1987 film, and you'll find no trace of  Mrs. Robinson or Hannibal Lecter here.  Set initially in the year of my  birth, 1949, Bancroft plays Helene, a slightly irascible New York  bibliophile with a passion for rare volumes. She answers an ad, placed by a  London bookshop managed by the Hopkins character, Frank Doel, claiming to  offer such books at reasonable prices. Thus begins a 20-year relationship,  totally via the postal service, between Helene and Frank that eventually  blossoms into a deep and abiding affection. Helene even melts to the point  of sending the shop's staff Christmas packages of gourmet food items,  delicacies in short supply in the austerity of post-war England.<br />Hopkins  plays the role that he does exceptionally well, that of the perfect,  English, gentleman's gentleman, who remains even-tempered no matter what  the provocation, which, in this case, is Helene's sometimes exacting  standards.<br />The ending is, at first sight, disappointingly bittersweet.  But, on further consideration, the viewer may well realize that it is one  too often consistent with an occasional love of one's life, and therefore  perfectly appropriate.
B000001DTM|5.0|This CD is the culmination of the U2 story.  As diabolically opposite to  Joshua Tree (&amp; other works) and yet musically just as ingenius.<br />While  it is truly a rock album, the underlying lyrics are emotionally  provoking.<br />My favorite is the rocker: Until the End of the World.  Full  of slight of hand guitar that would make Eddie Van Halen jealous &amp; Jimi  Hendrix proud.<br />The Beautiful &amp; Moving: One is an anthemic ballad for  all moods.<br />This CD truly leaves music fans wanting more of the band and  forces its fan to change from the equally classic darkness of Joshua Tree  to the dynamic excitements of the 90's.
B00004VWAF|5.0|You've heard all the reviews of &quot;On The Corner&quot;,...  &quot;Repetitious&quot;, &quot; Vulgar&quot;, &quot;Blasphemy!&quot;,or  &quot;This is not Jazz!&quot;, but most of all ITS BEAUTIFUL!! Did you  really expect Miles to keep playing &quot;My Funny Valentine&quot; forever?
6304817037|5.0|FROM THE ACOUSTIC OPENING OF &quot;LAYLA&quot; THE THE ENCORE OF &quot;HOLY MOTHER&quot; WITH A FULL CHOIR EC PLAYS WITH PASSION ON EVERY NOTE. THE OTHER GREAT CUTS ARE &quot; IM TORE DOWN&quot; AND &quot;HAVE YOU EVER LOVED A WOMAN&quot;
0790749815|5.0|i just purchased the dvd...warner bros is to be congradulated on doing a excellent job..although the color is slightly faded,the sound and 5.1 is  very good. the crop duster scene feels like the plane is going over you,if  you are lucky to view it in surround. it has a isolated score with the  great bernard herrmann music. ernest leyman does a good job of giving you  his feelings on how he wrote the script and his relationship with hitch..  he gives great insite to how hitchcock worked and his readiness to shoot  his picture..he knows exactly how he wants each scene to look..he cares  about the movie goer. now with dvd you are back in the theater and feel the  emotion,the spirit of north by northwest..it's humor,wit and adventure..if  you love great movies,don't let this one pass you by.
0060174900|5.0|This book broke my heart, beautifully written every word is crucial to the  story.  First time I read it was in the early 70's when I was a \\"hanger on\\"  around the CMU campus in Pittsburgh. . There is an excellent PBS  documentary  (Silent Woman) about Sylvia Plath and her many biographers.  I  lost a job driving a concrete truck because I watched it at 6:AM on a  workday and was late for work.   The Silent Woman: Sylvia Plath &amp; Ted  Hughes  by Janet Malcolm
B00004TWZG|5.0|Leon (the movie) defies categorization. It comes across as an action movie, complete with gun fights and bloodshed, yet maintains a very  profound  and dramatic backdrop. The two main characters... Leon (Jean  Reno) and Mathilda (Natalie Portman) appear to be very  different people,  but they are quickly revealed as the same. Whilst Leon kills men for a  living, he remains a child of sorts internally, and clings to Mathilda to  escape his loneliness  and depression. Mathilda is able to see past Leon's  grim exterior to finds a friend and begins a misconceived  love affair with  him. The movie remains a ballet of life and death, companionship and love.
0783239408|3.0|AB is essentially The Thin Red Line of the exploitation genre. I mean, TTRL attempted to be a philosophical war film and AB attempts to be a  philosophical exploitation film. The exploitation genre began in the early  60's with the surf films by Willaim Asher and films about Spring Break in  Florida (e.g., &quot;Where The Boys Are&quot;). The genre came to  perfection in the early 80's with films like &quot;Risky Business,&quot;  &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont High,&quot; &quot;A Night in Heaven,&quot;  &quot;Vacation&quot; and &quot;Sixteen Candles.&quot; <br />AB fails to reach  the standard set by the early 80's classics. And make no mistake about it,  AB is an exploitation film. It has all the trappings: 1) The blond  cheerleader who strips 2) The male who masturbates and has sexual fantasies  3) The crude sex scene in the motel 4) The tough-talking military guy who  turns out to be as horny     as everyone else 5) The scene at the fast-food  restaurant where someone gets     busted [ala &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont  High]<br />6) The voyeur who films the naked girl and sells pot from his      bedroom  7) etc. <br />I think, as a nation of filmmakers, we've lost our  touch. AB is so stiff and dry. It basically borrows the obvious elements of  &quot;Risky Business&quot; and attempts to make a film out of them (the  scoring, the editing, the cinematography, etc.). But &quot;Risky  Business&quot; was saved by a story about a kid who ultimately overcomes  the pressures of family life by succeeding on his own terms. In AB, Kevein  Spacey, who's playing the Tom Cruise character, ends up being killed by a  jarhead who unfortunately exposes his homosexuality to him.<br />The rest of  the world should know that AB is merely a failed exploitation film and not  the screen masterpiece AMPAS claims it is ( . .  5 Oscars! ).  <br />Exploitation films have to have a fun spirit and a story in which the  main characters learn from their mistakes and better their lives. In AB,  the characters commit fatal mistakes that essentially end or destroy their  own lives in one way or another. <br />Rent some of the early 80's classics  before judging AB. AB couldn't even attract the teenage crowd in the US,  something all great exploitation films manage to do.
1577311523|5.0|I used to think  long Amazon reviews were a little obnoxious.  I have a feeling I'm about to ramble on about my how I have been changed.<br /><br />You  never know when a book can change your life but when one *does* knock you  on your rear,  the doubter inside you creates \\"noise\\" about how  this is just another book, and you've tried to change your thinking for a  long time and why would this be it? But you know it's possible for an  actual person to walk into your life and change a key distinction more than  anyone else has before.  Well, Eckhard Tolle will change your complete  psychology, because he will take away the need for it.<br /><br />You have a  constantly accumulating \\"partyline\\" of voices that have come from  events and things others have said to you or about you in the past. These  voices want *you* to be their puppet - they want you to distract you at  every possibly moment. They want you to be constantly judging and worrying  and figuring out things that happen in your life while you're living each  moment, so that you're NEVER PRESENT !<br /><br />These voices aren't ONLY from the  past. They are from the collective race-consciousness of other people on  this planet. There is a \\"Watcher\\", there is a YOU, that is  watching the \\"you\\" that was born on this Earth.  If you stop your  thoughts and literally stop evaluating each possible moment that went by  and just stay with the THIS MOMENT, you will connect with the YOU. It is so  powerful.  (thus the title)<br /><br />The way in which I looked at my life, and  myself, and how to live, and what to think about this life on Earth ( and  after this existence)  can represent a building.  Just picture that  building in the middle of an empty parking lot.  The words in this book  are a Tomahawk missile that has now destroyed this building in a loud fiery  explosion. I now look at each moment separately.<br /><br />Why do  you get stressed and get all raged out on the freeway, when someone driving  behind you is three inches away from your fender, in their SUV, talking  into their cell phone? Because you're letting the PAST drive your thoughts.  What if you just take this as a brand new experience and forget about how  much you disliked the person *yesterday* who was on a cell phone, swerving  in front of you to make the entrance to the restaurant in time?  If you  lived in the present, you don't JUDGE.<br /><br />If you live in the present, you're  stealing the ammo of your earthbound personality from being able to prop up  reasons why your blood pressure should skyrocket and be enraged. You're not  judging. You're just simply acknowledging that people do what people do.  You don't need to forgive that un-conscious person driving unsafely,  because it's a neutral event, not bad or good. You just simply take action  to remove yourself from the situation. Because NOW is *all* there ever is.  (but don't try to fight those feelings of rage - they LOVE a good fight,  they love attention.. just let them run their course - but  just don't feed  them with thoughts of past or future!)<br /><br /> I like how Tolle resolves  questions about trying to reach your future goals, but living in the  NOW<br /><br />at the same time.  90% of the book is in a question and answer  format, and he makes sure to cover every question you would have about what  he is stating. Because you're here reading these reviews means you're ready  to take your life to a new level.<br /><br />My religious beliefs have changed a lot  from being a Christian ( believing in Judgement and Damnation and original  sin) in the past year (not from this book, just in general), to being  strictly spiritual. But I'm not saying this book won't help you if you  happen to be  Fundamentalist.  This book is for everyone. But be  open-minded and let the truth touch you. If this book were to be read by  the leaders of the major nations, there would be Peace on  Earth.<br /><br />Remember, you are it *all* right now, you don't need anything  else.
B000002J7U|3.0|I listened to this c.d. in a music store some years ago and liked some of  it enough to buy it.  I am particular about ambient, contemplative music,  and this c.d. just barely squeeked into that realm.  Most of the c.d. is  listenable, with a few tunes getting a foot into that space I consider nice  (or close to it).  Although it is the only Vangelis c.d. I currently own  (with only one other they've put out that is sort of tempting me), it has  won a small but permanent resting spot in a warm part of my heart.   &quot;Losing Sleep&quot; (Still, My Heart) is by far my favorite tune.   &quot;Come to me&quot; is also appealing, as is &quot;Echoes&quot;, with  its hypnotic , eight minute plus melody.  All the other tunes are anywhere  from listenable to kind of bland.
B000000W5F|5.0|i dont think the rolling stones has yet to put a song out i dont like!!!!  I have been listening to them since the 70's
B000002MJC|5.0|Ingeniously crafted orchestrations in grunge format, but Depeche Mode  nevertheless.  But just because it's gritty doesn't  mean it isn't pretty  (well, maybe not pretty, but extremely enjoyable).  Depeche Mode can do  almost no wrong, and they've proven it with &quot;Songs Of Faith And  Devotion&quot;.  Dark and irreverant as the c.d. is, it still touches that  part of our soul that each of us feels comfort in connecting with.
079075116X|2.0|I don't give a rap for Clint Eastwood, who is his usual wooden self in this boy's toys shoot-em-up.  The actor I like is Kenneth Colley, and he  walks away with all his scenes as a KGB man who almost catches the Yank.   Colley is a really fine actor.
B00004SZWD|5.0|Big, chunky, and almost precisely as old as me, this album has been raided  for musical ideas ever since it came out, with Will Smith, Coolio and  George Michael taking three of the songs ('I Wish', 'Pastime Paradise' and  'As') into the charts in the last five years. Performed mostly by Stevie  Wonder on his own with lots of keyboards and a big tape machine, the blend  of synths and traditional instruments gels so well that the gap between  electronic, electric and acoustic is seamless. Like a great film, you don't  notice how much effort went into the album, and that's why it works - it  sounds effortless, as if Wonder just turned up, sat down, and poured the  music out of his mind. Wonder sings most of the songs as if he was on the  verge of a spiritual awakening, and although the lyrics often seem  sentimental, he really seems to mean it.<br />It's not perfect - in typical  mid-70's fashion some of the songs break the three-minute barrier twice  over, with 'Another Star', 'Joy Inside my Tears' and 'Isn't She Lovely'  droning on and on until you want to yell for Steve to just shut up, stop  being so nice, and just stop (on the other hand, the extended finales to  'As' and 'Ordinary Pain' work). As if to annoy, the excellent 'Have a Talk  with God' seems to finish before it begins, and through no fault of Stevie,  'Isn't She Lovely' was such a big radio hit that it's now too familiar to  be listened to without gagging.<br />Both 'Saturn' and especially 'Black Man'  are earnest, heartfelt songs about how we should all get along, which makes  you wonder how music went from being so nice to being so mean.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Beautifully sad, touching, honest and most of all, truely inspirational-  what more needs to be said?
B000002GZ1|5.0|Impossible to convey how good &amp; truely unique this album is, or how passionate I am about it.  I first heard this album 35 years ago, (yeah, I'm a fogey), &amp; I've been listening to the blues ever since, but I've never heard a collection that even comes close to this one!  Even the band itself could never duplicate the magic this one had.  An earlier review said Butterfield was 23 when this was recorded, but in fact, he was only 22.  Anybody who says no white boy can play/sing the blues has never heard this record.  The chemistry of this band, on this record, is pure magic.  Anybody who's even slightly into blues, &amp; anybody who's at all curious, should run out, (or click above), as fast as possible... I could go on, but I guess I've pretty much said it all.  If anyone's interested in discussing this record, contact me at Bucksnort1@home.com I could talk about it for hours.  Enjoy!
6305897786|5.0|I think that the reason that a lot of people are not liking this movie is because they are expecting a horror or suspense film and not getting that  (this film is neither particularly scary or horrific, to be sure.) However,  it is very, very funny. I think that was Polanski's intent. I don't think  He has a lot of respect for the supernatural. He finds it ridiculous, and  so chose to approach the subject matter in a humourous way.  It's the  blackest and subtlest of humor, not likely the kind to make you laugh out  loud, but it is very enjoyable. I don't have a problem with the ending as  many others do. It's kind of the perfect fairy tale ending to an fairy tale  like story. There is no fault in Polanski's logic, he just doesn't give us  every little piece of evidence. The viewer has to fill in a few small gaps  him/herself, which I think is really great.<br />I appreciate a director who  withholds from being overly serious about Satan.<br />Really nice ending  credits, too.
B000002WYT|5.0|I HATED DMB when I first heard of them. I thought their music just sounded  weird, not my type at all. But as I started to hear a few other songs I  thought &quot;hey, they're not that bad&quot;. Then my dad, who is a huge  fan of them, bought a copy of this and put it on while i was in the car,  and to my surprise, it is one good cd! DMB are very original, very  talented, very musically diverse. Some of the best songs on here are So  Much to Say, Crash Into Me, Too Much, &amp; Tripping Billies. I'd never  thought I'd say this, but, DAVE MATTHEWS BAND  RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002KCC|5.0|Occasionally, an artist strips away all the layers and ornament and  reveals a stark, honest statement. Tonights the Night is just such an  example (Lennon's Plastic Ono Band or Nick Drakes Pink Moon are two  others). <br />As great as this set is, For me Borrowed Tune strikes a chord  like few other songs. So matter of fact, at times you wonder if Neil is  trying to communicate to his audience or just himself. Is he warning us or  trying to convince himself.
B000002N2P|5.0|This cd is just one of those u could put on repeat forever &amp; ever!  It's one true example of modern rock! Includes the hit Geek Stink Breath.  Green Day have always been and will always be my favorite band, and this cd  is a perfect example of what kind of music they are. If you enjoyed Dookie  and/or Nimrod, I suggest u get this too!!!!!!
B00003CX95|5.0|WE LOVE THE MOVIE (WELL MOST OF US DO, ANYWAY). HOWEVER PARAMOUNT HAS DONE THIS &quot;PICTURE OF THE YEAR&quot; A GREAT DISERVICE. THE FILM LOOKS A  LOT WORSE THAN JAWS! A FILM THAT'S TWENTY YEARS OLDER. THE NEW RELEASE OF  T2 LOOKS PREFECTLY PRISTINE COMPARED TO BRAVEHEART. THAT'S OVER TEN YEARS  OLDER. SAD. WITH ALL THE CLOSE-UPS AND GRAY BACKROUNDS IN THIS FILM, YOU  CAN NOT HELP BUT SEE ALL THE DIRT AND SCATCHES. THE SOUND IS THE BEST I'VE  HEARD OF A 5.1 DOLBY DIGITAL MIX (I DO NOT EVEN 'MISS' DTS). THE COMMENTARY  BY MEL IS BORING. HOW CAN GIBSON BE BORING? BY NOT TALKING! NOT ONLY DOES  HE NOT SAY HELLO OR GOODBYE, HE GOES MINUTES AND MINUTES WITHOUT A WORD. IN  A MOVIE THIS LONG, THERE IS NO LESS THAN 70 MINUTES OF NO MEL! 70+ MINUTES!  I THOUGHT A COUPLE OF TIMES I HAD THE WRONG AUDIO CHANNEL ON, AND WAS JUST  LISTENING TO THE DOBLY SURROUND TRACK. THE SADDER NEWS [THOUGHT] ON THIS IS  THEY MUST BE THINKING OF GETTING YOUR (MINE) MONEY AGAIN WITH A SPECIAL  EDITION. THE TWO DISC, DIRECT TRANSFER, THAT THIS FILM DESERVES.
B000002MP2|5.0|This is defintley Green Day's best cd, no question about it at all! Only  Insomaniac compares! This is, of course, the cd that got me into the band,  with great hits like Basket Case &amp; When I Come Around, and so many  other good songs I cant name em all- Burnout, Chump, Welcome to Paradise,  Pulling Teeth, In the End, oh i could go on all night! You are NOT a true  Green Day fan if you dont have this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000006NUW|5.0|When this box set was originally released, it was something of a godsend.  Each CD is packed with over 74 minutes of great Motown tracks, digitally  remastered from the original master tapes used for the original mono single  mixes (just as they came out of the radio back then). I don't really need  to tell you how great this music is; everyone who isn't cut off from  American music has enjoyed this stuff through some form of the media.  What's especially nice about this set is the number of minor, obscure hits  presented, which is just as good as the classic material.<br /> This is a  great place to start a classic pop/rock collection, and I stress that this  set is a great PRIMER. There are plenty of essential Motown classics that  were left out due to space constraints, particularly hits by the Miracles,  Marvin Gaye, The Temptations, and the Supremes (&quot;Where Did Our Love  Go,&quot; &quot;Stop! In The Name Of Love,&quot; and &quot;Back In My Arms  Again&quot; are missing among many others). Luckily, these songs are widely  available in various single CD, double CD, and box set anthologies, and any  of these, depending on your tastes, will fill the gaps just fine.<br /> At the  time of its release, this box set sounded better than every previous Motown  CD, but in recent years, Motown has reissued much of this material in  anthologies that feature clearer sounding stereo mixes as well as slightly  better sounding mono mixes. Audiophiles may prefer the definition and  higher fidelity of the stereo mixes, but there's something about the  punchiness of these mixes that make them preferable to me, particularly on  the percussion sound.
B000002MIF|5.0|This is quite simply one of the best albums of all time.  An essential to  own and listen to over and over again.  In a short period of time, The  Smiths were able to write not one, not two, but literally dozens of very  important lyrics and music.  This is only one of them.
0140158766|5.0|Living with a Vietnam Vet, this book (plus Chickenhawk and his wife's book  on recovering) has been hugely helpful. I &quot;thought&quot; I'd known how  it was there and when they returned but now have a much more in-depth  comprehension. Much of it has helped me to get &quot;my&quot; vet to open  up some more and get his anger unburied.
B00000J9HE|5.0|Bravo to Deutsche Grammophon for issuing this inexpensive 2-CD set.  These  recordings from the mid-1960s feature excellent analogue stereo sound and  superlative performances of each of the last four Sibelius symphonies.  One  might quibble as to whether there are superior performances of any one of  these four masterworks, but one cannot plausibly argue that there are any  greater performances of these four works issued together.  Besides, Karajan  is indisputably one of the most accomplished  Sibelius conductors, a fact  which even the composer himself attested to in writing in the early 1950s.   These recordings, which the composer sadly did not live to hear, confirm  Sibelius's assertion and make this set an essential acquisition.
B000002UAR|5.0|...if the White Album didn't have two records. Never mind the one-star  reviews from Stones fans trying to get the average rating down, you *can*  love both bands, and Revolver *is* (as a recent poll agreed) the best  single disc of the century.<br />As for the guy who said he could write better  songs -- send me some mp3 samples, and if they're better, I'll buy your  record.
B00000JCB3|4.0|THEIR 2ND ALBUM IS COOL.I REALLY LIKE &quot;N 2 GETHER  NOW&quot;,&quot;REAGANNED&quot; AND &quot;BREAK  STUFF&quot;.&quot;NOOKIE&quot; I DON'T LIKE IT ALL.THE OTHER SONGS ARE COOL  SO I HOPE LIMP BIZKIT'S 2ND ALBUM IS AS GOOD AS THIS.MAYBE EVEN BETTER.
B00001QGIQ|5.0|Everybody loves Pinocchio. The characters, the animation, the EVERYTHING about it is timeless in the joy they bring to people of all ages. You'll  wish long with the lonely Geppetto,  and see the joys and tragedies of the  real world for the first time  with Pinnochio. You will even find yourself  longing for fish along with Figaro, the cat. Yes, the story is that vivid.  The songs, &quot;When you Wish upon a Star&quot; and &quot;Give a Little  Whistle&quot;, to name two, will give you a feeling you just can't get from  the pop hits of today. This movie is one of the ones that helped coin the  phrase &quot;Disney Magic&quot;. And it is, magical, and magic is  impossible to manufacture or formulate, no matter how hard some people  attempt at it. Pinocchio will always rank as one of the greatest Disney  films of all time. It is a must for any household, whether you have a  &quot;Disney collection&quot; or not.
B000002AVF|4.0|DAYDREAM IS MARIAH'S BEST ALBUM TO DATE.THIS ALBUM HAS THE #1 SMASH  &quot;FANTSAY&quot;,&quot;ONE SWEET DAY&quot; AND OTHER SONGS LIKE  &quot;ALWAYS BE MY BABY&quot;,&quot;UNDERNEATH THE STARS&quot;,&quot;I AM  FREE&quot; OTHER GREAT SONGS.IF YOUR THINKING ABOUT BUYING A MARIAH ALBUM  BUY THIS ONE.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This &quot;ultimate&quot; edition of Terminator 2 certainly represents the full potential of DVD--crisp picture, booming sound, and a boatload of  extras. If you're the type of person who enjoys learning the intricate  details of how movies are developed, filmed and marketed, this DVD is for  you. <br />However, I have a question--where is the third version of the film?  The disc offers the theatrical version and the longer &quot;special  edition&quot; with added scenes. But the promotional material for this DVD  (including Amazon's) indicated that there were three versions. I know that  sometimes DVD's have hidden features that a little snooping will reveal,  but I have yet to uncover the missing edition (if it's really there). Does  anyone out there know what the scoop is?<br />Otherwise, this is a great disc  of a fun movie.
B00004TWZG|5.0|If I had to pick my favourite ever film, this would have to be it, and the uncut version is really the only version worth watching.<br />To my mind, most  of Besson's films (with the exception of The Fifth Element) are principally  character studies, and the uncut version explores Leon and Matilda's  relationship to a much deeper level, and is a far better film for it.  OK,  there have been concerns over the so-called &quot;paedophilic&quot;  aspects, but they are really missing the point.  To me, the film's sexual  undercurrents serve mainly to highlight each character's relative  maturities and immaturities, not to mention the fact that it's Matilda who  (unsuccessfully) attempts to seduce Leon.<br />The uncut version also fills in  couple of unexplained gaps in the edited release.  We find out why Leon  won't sleep in a bed, and also how he finally wakes up one morning in bed  next to Matilda.<br />The only bad point is the disappointing Dolby 5.1 sound.   The rear channels are surprisingly quiet, especially when compared with  the excellent Pro-Logic soundtrack.  It would appear that something has  gone wrong in the mastering process, maybe it will be rectified by the  studio at some point.<br />Anyway, watch (and listen using Pro-Logic) and  enjoy a great film as it was meant to be seen!
6304119046|5.0|When Orson Welles asked for advice when he wanted to make a film, he was told to keep the camera moving.  highly regarded as the greatest American  film, Citizen Cane creates an undeniably fantastic world which draws the  audience in from beginning to finish.  <br />Even if you do not want to watch  the film and learn about film making, this film is worth seeing over and  over.  Welles creates a character, and directs other supreme actors into  wonderful performances.  Not too bad for a first effort.  All I can really  say is that this film has to be experienced.
B000002KHY|5.0|(Tired of the old tape recorder) I got the CD version.  It sounds as fresh as the day this album was first released in 1988.  How does he do that?  He  has got to be the Beethoven of our time.  When I need mental therapy, I  just crank &quot;Steamroller&quot; up as loud as I can stand it, and I  immediately rise back to that level of living known as &quot;the  edge.&quot; THANK YOU, SWEET BABY JAMES!
0312853238|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read. And the sequels just make it  better. The way Card makes all the different sublots is amazing. I just  wish that he made more sequels.
0783226160|5.0|If you haven't spent your life in a hippie community, it is unavoidable that you become a part of some certain social circle, abandoning the  possibilites of the other social group. The relationship between these two  social groups isn't necessarily hostile, but often the groups don't share  too high respect towards the others. Now, as far as I understand, this kind  of a situation is most common in the states where you unavoidably find  yourself chatting with the sport junkies, the nerds, the hippies or such.  This movie is a fantastic description of that situation, and an exciting  example of some sort of alternative social circle. As I watched the movie,  I often found myself impressed by the unity of the group, although there  aren't so clearly divided social circles in Kitee's Lukio (senior high), or  if there is, at least it ain't so hostile as bac there. Anyway, the film  itself was most entertaining piece of &quot;art&quot; and featured plenty  enjoyable and hilarious moments, but what really made this movie stick into  my mind was the forementioned alternative anarchy. Something I admire.  Truely.
0812550757|5.0|This book really makes me want Card to write The Hive Queen, The Life of  Human, and The Hegemon. It would make the book much better, even though it  already is an amazing book. That's the only bad part about it. It's not  long enough. If it was 10,000 pages it would be to short. You never want  this book to end. The story is just much too good. It provides a wonderful  perspective on life. It's truly amazing.
B00003CX5P|2.0|Lucas has seemed to lost touch of the magical feel he created for the first series with the desire to &quot;outdue&quot; anyone and everyone with  technology and his &quot;crazy&quot; special effects team. If you read what  this movies plot (Huh?) is before seeing it you wonder if this movie would  have been gobbled up by a studio if the previous ones didnt exist to give  him some kind of credibility. Lucas needs to let someone else write and  direct as he is really only concerned with how many digitalized images he  can throw at your senses at once. Story was bad. Acting? worse; even the  special effects in some scenes just seem to be completely overdone and  computerized, where you sit and are reminded that there is a blue screen  behind the actors.  I own a DVD player but the video looks okay (I would  never buy it). I hope it never comes out for DVD. Who cares? That's  probably the biggest surprise a lot of viewers get from this movie. Who  cares about these people, places, or their futures? Lucas is also  re-releasing the original trilogy for the 18th time again in the near  future. This shows Lucas's state of mind trying to remind people that he  did actually make a good, fun, well executed series at one time and that  he's coming back to rob all the suckers who would buy it again, because  he's now more greedy than he is imaginative. For those who argue (like  Lucas did) that this movie is a &quot;setup&quot; for the next 2, that's an  excuse, copout, and an apology for making a bad movie. A trilogy is 3  movies that stand on their own, complete. Lucas said this because he knew  it was lacking and weak. That's like not doing your job for a week, and  when you get in trouble from the boss you tell them that you were  intentionally relaxing for the next week where you were really going to  &quot;pour it on, just wait and see&quot;.  I also hope Spielberg stays  away from Lucas in his future projects. Lucas is as stale and boring as  &quot;his&quot; Episode 1 bomb. I'm sure the audio is descent but once  again who cares. More than reviewing the actual quality of the video, I  wanted to get these thoughts off my chest for Lucas wasting my time with  his experiments in digital buffoonery instead of actual substance. I hope  people are starting to get annoyed with these technology clowns taking  their audiences for idiots who require nothing more than flashing lights  and big budget blue screens to sucker them in.  The only thing worse is  &quot;Howard The Duck&quot;. Why doesn't Lucas keep re-issueing that one?  Put him in front of a blue screen flying through space. Now that's a shame.
6300216209|5.0|My mother absolutely adores the movie &quot;Love Story.&quot;  It is her all time favorite movie.  So, whenever it is her birthday or a special  occasion of any sort, we pop it into the VCR and watch it together.  It has  even grown to be one of my favorite movies.  I am not someone that watches  a lot of love stories, but this one sure is a great one.  I like it better  every time I see it...even if it does make me misty eyed. :-)
B000000OPU|5.0|Worth the money-found the music to be very deep and moving.I wanted the  music to continue. I cotinue to play this CD when I&quot;m drawing.
078062369X|5.0|Sure Dracuala dead and loving it rates No.1 comedy vampire film and Bram Stoker's dracula rates no.1 Very seious oldish looking vampire film but u  wanna know what is the No.1 modern action packed vampire film?   BLADE! It  is so good and the last part in disney Land(Moscow) was exceptionally  funny. My opinion BUY IT!
044022425X|5.0|I devoured the 4 books in this series.  Finally an original concept for a  romance novel!  I cannot wait for the 5th installment which was promised  for 1999/2000. When's it coming?!
080010367X|5.0|A typical science fiction film only better!Lot's of cheeck and I loved the dialouge surronding the &quot;flashy thing&quot;. The person who played the  bug-monster did the hardest and best job and although Will Smith is a  singer he brought the roof(and sky)down! But Tommy Lee Jones! He was  fantastic! He is one of the best hollywood actors ever and has played the  role very naturaly(not that fighting aliens is what u call natural) and  topped it all!
6305075492|5.0|I had the great fortune of seeing this film at an arthouse revival two-years ago; it was the first time I saw it.  Needless to say I was  extremely impressed.  I'm considering purchasing the dvd version now  available.  Do any of you recommend it?
630575067X|1.0|I am a big Star Wars fan and I must admit that the first three were captivating movies.  I expected the world out of a movie with twenty extra  years of technology pumped into it.  And when I saw The Phantom Menace (I  could think of a hundred better titles) I was stunned, for two reasons.   First, the graphics lived up to all my expectation.  Second, Everything  aside from the graphics was appalling.  It was just a bad movie.   <br />Acting: None of the actors were good at all.  Many were below mediocre  to the point that they made the movie unwatchable.  Biggest problem was  Jake Lloyd as Anakin.  Are we actually supposed to believe that this  TellyTubby will someday be the Mega Villain Darth Vader.  You couldn't get  to know the characters as you could in the previos films.  The performances  didn't help to much as they didn't interact with eachother and have  relationships.  Overall it was just a bad movie.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I would recommend turning up the volume on this movie.  The soundtrack is great and the scenes are in perfect harmony with the score.  Wonderful  acting, especially by Cruise, his best performance to date.  This movie  will make you think.. days weeks.. months.. after viewing it. Now that is  on DVD I get to watch it more often, which is a real treat because there is  something new to see or a new concept to grasp with each viewing.  The  theme of the movie is very relevant &quot;today&quot;. This film is already  a masterpeice, but I think it will be even more appreciated as time goes  along.  Nice work PTA, Im waiting for the next one.
0394800184|5.0|Researchers constantly find that reading to children is valuable in a variety of ways, not least of which are instilling a love of reading and  improved reading skills. With better parent-child bonding from reading,  your child will also be more emotionally secure and able to relate better  to others. Intellectual performance will expand as well. Spending time  together watching television fails as a substitute.<br />To help other  parents apply this advice, as a parent of four I consulted an expert, our  youngest child, and asked her to share with me her favorite books that were  read to her as a young child. Are You My Mother? was one of her  picks.<br />This is a wonderful beginning reader because the story is  humorous, the drawings lighten the mood further, and the words are simple  and well related to the illustrations.  For example, on one page a baby  bird is pictured on the edge of the nest alone looking straight up  expectantly.  The text reads, &quot;He looked up.  He did not see  her.&quot;  The next page is the same baby bird still perched on the edge  of the nest looking down.  the text reads, &quot;He looked down.  He did  not see her.&quot;<br />The use of repetition is also excellent.  The cover  question, for example, repeats throughout the book.  So your child can  learn to read the book with a minimum number of words to learn, and most of  the words are illustrated to provide visual clues.<br />Most children learn  to read a book like this by first memorizing it, then reading along with  the parent as the parent says the words, then reciting the words, then  picking out some words and reading more slowly.  Are You My Mother? is well  designed for this process.<br />The story involves a baby bird whose mother  has gone off to get food so he is born alone.  He looks around for her,  tries to find her and falls out of the nest.  Then he asks everyone and  everything he meets if they are his mother.  The question is very silly to  a child.  Your child knows that an airplane and a steam shovel cannot be a  bird's mother, and your child will want to shout &quot;no&quot; and laugh  in answer to the question.  Everything ends up just fine with the baby bird  reunited by the steam shovel just as the mother bird returns to the nest.  The baby bird had walked near the mother earlier and had not seen her.<br />You may be concerned that the story can create insecurity in a child.  And that is possible if you do not use the story as an opportunity to  discuss when you would be away from your child.  Obviously, your child  knows who her or his mother is.  You can talk about staying with other  family members or baby sitters, and how you can be reached by telephone in  those circumstances.  Most children do worry about such subjects related to  separation but often do not raise their concerns with parents.  This book  provides a natural way to address the subject in an unthreatening  way.<br />After you have read this book, also think about what other  insecurities your child may have and how you might discuss those to reduce  potential anxiety.<br />Enjoy!child knows that an airplane and a steam shovel cannot be a  bird's mother, and your child will want to shout &quot;no&quot; and laugh  in answer to the question.  Everything ends up just fine with the baby bird  reunited by the steam shovel just as the mother bird returns to the nest.   The baby bird had walked near the mother earlier and had not seen her.  <br />You may be concerned that the story can create insecurity in a child.   And that is possible if you do not use the story as an opportunity to  discuss when you would be away from your child.  Obviously, your child  knows who her or his mother is.  You can talk about staying with other  family members or baby sitters, and how you can be reached by telephone in  those circumstances.  Most children do worry about such subjects related to  separation but often do not raise their concerns with parents.  This book  provides a natural way to address the subject in an unthreatening  way.<br />After you have read this book, also think about what other  insecurities your child may have and how you might discuss those to reduce  potential anxiety.<br />Enjoy!<br />
B00004TL21|4.0|I thought this cd had some good to great songs on it but some i just couldnt stand.<br />1.Feiticeira 4/10 just a horrible song had a horrible  sound to it lyrics were good but the way the song went it was one of the  worst songs ive heared.<br />2.digital bath 8.9/10 great song but hard to  under stand for me like all there songs but it had a good beet and lyrics  were creative like always.<br />3. elite 6.5/10 lots to head bang to but it  gets old when you hear him scream through the whole song but if it was a  soft song it would be the best song on the cd.<br />4.rx queen 9/10 has good  tempo and it understandable to me and many others i like the stalker  approch to the song it gives it a good sound.<br />5.street carp 4/10 i didn't  like this song it was dull and had no catchy lyrics to it bad sound but i  liked how short it was.<br />6.teenager 9.5/10 nice soft sound to it great  tempo i loved the lyrics to this song it was soft and grace full.<br />7.knife  prty 7/10 great song other than the chorus also the guitar work in the song  is like most of the other songs but its a good sound. So over all this is a  good song very soothing until the chorus comes up.<br />8.Korea 8/10 i liked  the guitar work in the song its catchy and once the chorus comes up i wanna  break stuff.<br />9.passanger 10/10 best damn song on the cd no doubt maynard  and chino just kill in this kiddnaping steller sound one of the best song  in the deftones collection.<br />10.change (in the house of flies)10/10 loved  the lyrics to this song this song was so understandible thats why i gave it  a 10 its purpose is great.<br />11.Pink maggot 8.7/10 great sound of all over  intenseity of the band but it lingers at the end with the same old  thing.<br />12.boys republic (only on special versions) 8/10 i like this song  but i rarely listen to it.
B00003CXFG|4.0|pitch black is the best horror/sci-fi film of the year! it combines tragedy, drama, and imense horror. I would not recomend this movei for the  faint of heart, because it will take you to a new level of scared, one that  would make a even the bravest af movei-go-ers stay up for weeks.
6305508550|4.0|This movie is so funny, you have this guy working for a computer company and he's really sick of his life.... Until he visits a psychiater who gives  him this special thought. So he simply stops doing everything he doenst  like. It's great movie and has a nice plot. On dvd you first get a message  to scan for a virus and he detects a hole bunch of them, so dont screek :)  it's simply a joke. It looks great on dvd, no complains
079073639X|1.0|Boy, can Michael Chrichton write a bad movie.  This one ranks up there with Mortal Combat: Annihilation, Steel Dawn, or the 13th warrior (also by:  guess who?).  The movie starts off pretty interesting, i wont bother to  write it all down, just read someone else's reviews for the particulars.   But what amazed me was the movie's innability to do ANYTHING with the  material it was given.  The scene where the alien talks to the crew over  some sort of typing program is pretty neat, but then when they explain who  is really typing to them later in the movie it makes absolutly no sense  (watch it yourself, pay attention to the placement of letters and the  contridiction with the explanation they give).  The acting in the movie  sometimes resembled an episode of &quot;who's line is it anyway&quot; where  the actors just stood and one place and threw random lines at eachother.  I  remember one night at the theatre when me and my friends were arguing  whether to go see &quot;sphere&quot; or drive to a another theatre 30 miles  away that was playing &quot;as good as it gets&quot;.  All i will say is  that I'm totally happy that we made the right decision.
6304077955|2.0|British cinema likes to deal with hard topics and this has led to some remarkable films in the past. A crucial part of those successes is always  the portrayal of even the most unsympathetic characters as real people with  plausible flaws and redeeming characteristics.<br />Naked fails simply because  it forgets to do this.<br />The film's central character, Johnny (David  Thewlis) is an emotional predator. He preys on those weaker than himself  for his own amusement. Intelligent, persuasive and articulate, he has  little trouble doing so as long as he is with the right people.<br />Fearing a  much deserved beating, he steals a car and flees his native Manchester and  arrives at the house that his ex-girlfriend  Louise (Lesley Sharp) shares  with two friends. There, he has a series of misadventures in which he  crosses paths with an assortment of unlikely characters.<br />First, there is  Sophie (Katrin Cartlidge) a young woman who is attractive enough that  Johnny wants to bed her and stupid enough that she thinks that it means  something. Later, he encounters a security guard who invites him in to the  building that he is guarding, a lonely woman seen undressing at a window  who invites him in to her room, a man putting up posters in the night who  invites him in to his van and a waitress in a cafe who invites him in to  her house.<br />Not one of these characters or encounters is at all plausible.  They are moving in a world where fear and suspicion are key survival traits  and yet everyone the Johnny meets invites him in to their safe  zone.<br />Thewlis does a great job with the material that he is given and  almost manages to make you believe in Johnny but the task is too  hard.<br />Watching this film is a little like watching one weeks episodes of  a typical British soap opera. People move around and events take place but  nothing actually happens.
