B0001UZZWW|1.0|I just bought this double pack last night and did not realize the 3D was only 16 minutes long until I got it home. I came on here today to see what I could find out about it. Good thing I did not open it! It goes back tonight.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I Think He's The Next Dave Mathews A Very Promising<br />Singer Songwriter In A Class Of His Own A Must Have
0446677450|4.0|Like Kiyosaki, I retired financially in my mid-forties after making money by creating and running my own business while, in parallel, investing in real estate. Understanding money and how to make it is key to financial independence and Kiyosaki's advice is very valuable. However, hanging onto it once made is just as serious a business. Kiyosaki (and others) seem blind to the INEVITABLE massive depression looming just a few years down the line that is going to blindside so many and rob them of their money and assets. Read THE GREAT BUST AHEAD by Daniel Arnold too (still an Amazon strong seller for over a year it seems - a book's best recommendation), and marry this with Kiyosaki's advice. Together you will have a good closed end set of advice for both making (although there are now precious few years left to make it), and then not losing your net worth.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|I went to see Love Actually three times in the theaters.  It was heart-warming and wonderful, sad and depressing, silly and did I say wonderful.  It never failed to perk up my depressed heart and reduce me to tears at the same time.  The episodic flair of the plot weaves many famous English actors in varying degrees of love.  Love that is failing, love enduring, and of course love just starting.  I did think that the young guy looking for (...) felt out of sync with the rest of the movie.  The love between two friends was a nice twist for the ending.  My favorite part was Emma Thomson's realization scene.  I cried almost every time I saw it.  Emma Thompson is heartbreaking in her crying scene that threatens to steal the movie in a movie of many great scene stealers.  In other words, her scene is awesome.<br />It is hard for anyone to stand out in this ensemble cast because everyone stands out.<br />On the whole this movie is made of 12 20 minute dramedies that intersect.  All are funny, many have great moments, and it is definately worth buying.
B00003CXA2|5.0|but the real star was Chiffonye Cobb.  She was the brilliant black actress who played the reporter who followed Tom Hanks cross-country in his epic run across America.  Her acting prowess was only exceeded by the amount of eyeliner she wore.  I almost came when I heard her say one of the all-time classic lines, &quot;Are you doing this for world peace?&quot;  The only fault was her lisp when sounding out the word &quot;peace.&quot;  I would give Miss Mack six out of five stars for her part.  It is only too bad that she cast an extremely large shadow over Tom Hanks' character, whatever his name was.  It is a shame that Chiffonye was not deemed talented enough to perform in any other movies.
0843178388|5.0|I grew up with these fun little books. I loved them so much, I used to carry at least one round with me wherever I went. It's nice to see that the Mr Men series is still around for little kids and their parents to enjoy.<br />Mr Bump is an accident prone guy. He's always breaking things or getting himself stuck. He can't get a job because he's always getting into trouble. He doesn't mean to, but he tends to have accidents whether he likes it or not. Will he find the job that's right for him?<br />The book has very colourful, cute illustrations. I remember as a kid thinking that even though Mr Bump had lots of accidents, he still had a nice, friendly town to live in. Roger Hargreaves' writing is easy for little kids to understand, while still often witty for the grown-up reader reading it to them. In a way, kids might be able to relate to Mr Bump, having lots of accidents and getting in trouble, even though he doesn't mean to.<br />I'd recommend this for any young children. If they enjoyed this book even half as much as I did when I was little, then it will have been well worth the purchase.
B00005JLD4|3.0|A movie about three Aborigines girls.  They were tookin by a messed up government. And were put in a bording school. The three Aborigine girls scaped from the bording school. And walked 1500 miles across the desert following the longest rabbit proof fence in Australia just to go home. The Aborigine tracker tracks down the three girls. <br />This movie is great. It is exiting. Its not really my kind of movie but it made me think a lot of what the Aborigines went through. If you come across this movie at least watch it before you judge it. <br />I am a young viewer and I didn't think I would like it. But after I saw the movie there was lots of things I like and some things I disliked.  But mostly, I liked the movie.
0385504209|3.0|Dan Brown's The DaVinci Code is an entertaining page-turner that deserves its blip on the pop culture radar screen .<br />The novel's atmospheric foci on either side of the Channel, starting in the cultural heart of Paris, the Louvre, and moving to London's Westminster Cathedral, are so well portrayed that even the ancient scents of both iconic places seem to rise from the pages.  In this regard, Brown's book has that added content layering of a quality tour replete with historical and cultural tidbits imbedded along the way.  The most innovative inclusion in this particular narrative is Brown's use of GPS locaters, broadband connectivity, and cell phones - all of which, when one thinks of it, would have undone many of the great mysteries of our lives, both real and fictional.<br />As for the overwrought defenders of the orthodox church, they must be reminded that this is, after all, a work of fiction, a mystery.  Period.<br />Overall, a thoughtful and instructive adventure, a three-word combo rarely appearing together.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|There was nothing new here...plot, characters, you name it. We've seen it all before. Diane Keaton was very good, but that didn't help this stale script. Jack Nicholson lacked his sparkle and to believe he turned on Keaton's daughter makes you want to say &quot;What?&quot;.
0060254920|5.0|I haven't a clue how one goes about reviewing the book that is perhaps the most beloved, respected, and widely enjoyed American picture book of the last 100 years.  Maurice Sendak could never have imagined that his canny \\"Where the Wild Things Are\\" would not only capture the Caldecott Award of 1963, but go on to be hailed by critics, loved by librarians, and considered by parents to be one of the finest works of picture book art ever concocted.  Is the book deserving of its praise?  I suppose.  But honestly, it is very difficult to read it today without getting caught up in its publicity and hype.  On the whole, though, it is an enjoyable read and few can resist its charms.<br /><br />We begin the book with two small vignettes of the naughty things Max does that get him sent to bed.  Max is a boy outfitted in a wolf suit, and after being sent to his room he finds his boudoire changed completely into a wild forest.  After hopping a nearby boat and traveling, \\"In and out of weeks and almost over a year to where the wild things are\\" he is in a land of monsters.  Taming them by staring them down, the Wild Things make Max their king and celebrate his crowning.  Max proclaims that a wild rumpus should start, and start it does.  When it ends, however, Max decides that he needs to be near someone who loves him.  He leaves his beloved Wild Things, sails back into his room, and goes down to dinner where, on a single white page, we are told, \\"it was still hot\\".<br /><br />Simultaneously combining the wish to be a wild naughty creature uninhibited by love, or rules, or society and at the same time revealing the human need for comfort, the book is a success.  In its illustrations, those wild crazy creatures with their too large eyes and sharp razor-like claws, it is a success.  In its text, the elegantly presented last line or the repetition of wild things saying \\"I'll eat you up\\", it is a success.  Heck, the book is good.  And really, what more is there to say?  Reviewing classics like this one is a pointless job.  I'm not going to be shocking and say that every reviewer since the 1960s is wrong about this book, cause they're not.  They're right, it's great.  Does it deserve the huge publicity and love its garnered?  Maybe.  Maybe not.  But the adults like it and the kids like it, and that is (as they say) enough.  So take it home and love it yourself.  It is a great book.ike this one is a pointless job.  I'm not going to be shocking and say that every reviewer since the 1960s is wrong about this book, cause they're not.  They're right, it's great.  Does it deserve the huge publicity and love its garnered?  Maybe.  Maybe not.  But the adults like it and the kids like it, and that is (as they say) enough.  So take it home and love it yourself.  It is a great book.
B0001Z53C4|5.0|The D12 CD was one of the best CD's that I have heard in a long time.  It shocks me that D12, Eminem, and 50 Cent keep thinking up all of these great songs.  D12 World is the one CD that every household should own.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Tell us what you think. Write a review of this item and share your opinions with others. Please be sure to focus your comments on the DVD. Read our review guidelines for more information. You can also look at some example customer reviews before you write your own. <br />OK. Let's get started!
B0000VAFO0|5.0|This is the BEST(action)movie made of vampires &amp; werewolf, a lot of action &amp; battles, if you like action movies, vampire movies, this is for you, IS NOT that much of A HORROR movie. My favorite character is Lucian, the actors are excelent and the story too. I don't know how are people that doesn't like it, I think they're crazy! SEE IT NOW!!!!YOU WILL LOVE IT!, dont forget about the full edition and the extended uncut edition (I cant wait to see it) I hope they make a second part of this movie.
1592400876|4.0|English is often called the window to the world.  This book opens that window wider and forces the light in.<BR>All the &quot;punctuation manglers&quot; I know ought to read it.  I have started with myself, and will be sure to spread the word.  This book is at the top of my &quot;gift list&quot; for this year.<BR>Good job, Lynn.  I hope the day never comes when Pandas eat, shoot &amp; leave!
0440237688|4.0|I would only recomend this book to a person who would like to take adventure and want to learn new things. The book is very adventoures and different. I enjoyed the book personally because it brought to me new feelings I didn't know I had.It brought color to my soul and definitly made me think I took everything for granteed.To live in a community so isolated would make me want to realy run away and not want to come back.I know I don't share the same feelings as Jonas does ,but I think now I know how Jonas had felt.
0156027321|5.0|Yann Martel's \\"Life of Pi\\" is one of the most accessible novels I have found in a long time. On the surface, Pi is a light read with short chapters that are easy to handle for those of us who like to read in small spurts and reflect on it for awhile. But don't let its light and playful nature fool you. When we zoom out, we realize that there are some very significant themes to deal with, and that there are a number of rather serious messages behind this off the wall story of a boy trapped on a boat with a Bengal tiger. <br />Without knowing what to expect, I found the beginning of this book to contain some of the most profound statements I've uncovered on the subject of religion. Martel's character becomes so obsessed with the traits and customs of Hinduism, Islam, and Christianity that he finds it nearly impossible to choose one over the other two. As hilarity ensues, the reader comes to realize that the differences between these religions are really more subtle than we first thought. It is his curiosity that sets up Pi Patel as the peculiar character he becomes. <br />Besides its religious component, Martel's book serves as a commentary on zoos. The author fills his readers with a wealth of interesting animal and zoo facts while refraining from sounding like a textbook. The zoo becomes another classy source of humor in the narrative, but Martel is still able to draw us back to thinking about real-life issues. It is Pi's father's position as a zookeeper that causes Pi to be marooned on a small lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific Ocean with a small entourage of animals, including a large tiger that causes Pi a great deal of concern.<br />Pi is stranded on a lifeboat with a moderate quantity of provisions, but discovers that he is sharing his living space with a dangerous tiger. It is at this point where Martel steers the novel in the direction of survival. Not only must Pi survive at sea amidst lack of nourishment, loneliness and exposure, but he must survive in the company of a tiger that could finish him off with no trouble at all. Martel still manages to put a humorous spin on the concept of survival, without going over the top. <br />We have in Life of Pi a book dealing with survival, religions, and animals and zoos. More contrasting topics there never were, but Martel does a remarkable job in weaving all of these loose ends together to form a novel that reads more like a conversation. This plot, however incredible, is actually quite easy to follow, and is a great novel to discuss in group. Yann Martel makes it clearly understood to us that we read fiction to fuel our imaginations, and that a little bit of fiction in our factual world is most essential.
B000059H99|5.0|I just watched my first Rocky movie, \\"Rocky\\" last night.  It was su-poib.  Movie magic!  I really enjoyed it.  It was such a good movie.  Even if you know nothing about boxing, like me, you'll enjoy \\"Rocky\\".  All great performances, and Burgess Meredith is funny as Mick.  Great movie, I can't think of another thing to say.  Adis.
0440237688|4.0|I would tell people about this story b/c its a good boo it shows what the world could be if we had sameness.But I think most people I told them about it they wouldnt really like it b/c of the release part b/c everyone would just want to die of old age.But some I think some really wouldnt understand b/c they don't have kids.But if they did I think they would dislike the book.So I would tell them about the book.But to certain people NOT all people i know b/c they wouldnt enjoy it but yet agan some people would enjoy it but at the same time dislike it at times!.
B00005JMKI|5.0|Despite Dogville being over 3 hrs long, and I saw it between 11:45 and 2:45, I never took my eyes off the screen, never shifted in my seat, and forgot about the snacks I had stashed in my purse.<BR>This is a very powerful film about power, and how it corrupts.<BR>It can be applied to America, as some have stated, and particularly to those who possess power of any kind.<BR>To fully understand it, you must stay through all the credits..<BR>and you must think. I will see it again. Nicole deserves every accolade every bestowed on her.
B00009RAJJ|5.0|Okay so I've heard some good and bad reviews for this cd.  Originally Tusk got piss poor reviews for not being oh-so-Rumours but now suddenly everyone's like wait it's cool to be ahead of the game so rock on Gold Dust Woman and even to you Lindsey Buckingham.  The second disc is hardly a dissapointment.  The 8 minute version of Sara is so beautiful by the end you'll have endorphins and adrenaline and all those wonderful natural chemicals running through yr body (and the wind became crazy...).  Beautiful Child with an electric guitar totally works as like a dark, rock lullabye like most of the other tracks, ahead of its time.  Lindsey's tracks are undeniably punk rock and just over all totally fun to listen to.  Buckingham and Nicks are totally timeless, like a legend or a fairy-tale, a love story that no one can ever forget because in this day an age we have physical evidence that the events took place.  Sending my love with all my heart...
B00005JMEW|5.0|The last months in the movie industry has been nothing but remakes, sequils, and live-action versions of comic books.  I was actually going to see a different movie when I saw this, but this was the only thing playing.  I watched it and was amazed.  Q.T. has done it again, and this is by FAR my favorite of his movies.  It was absolutely amazing.  Though there is an extremely enormous amount of violence in the film, it is presented in a way that it doesnt even seem like overkill or even very gratuitious.  The story line is completely original, the casting was excellent, and the filming could be described as nothing more than fabulous!  I bought the DVD the day it came out, and I'd recommend this movie to everyone.  It's money well spent!
6304708521|3.0|Of the many reviews of this film, those approaching it from the perspective of Music Videos tied together with comic interludes exhibit the best approach. Recall, in the UK the music was originally issued as a double EP (only the five songs in the film). Those who comment on songs being left on the cutting room floor are confusing themselves due to the UK LP having a second side of previously only available as singles material.<br />However, if the Beatles invented MTV (as George opined in Anthology), they did so by accident. Consider, many of the AMAZON reviewers have complained that &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; &quot;Penny Lane,&quot; and &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; were 'cut' from the film -- but they have it all backwards. Strawberry Fields and Penny Lane were released prior to the release of Sgt Pepper, and so also their repsective promotional films. &quot;Hello Goodbye,&quot; the song and the film were recorded and released after Magical Mystery Tour, if I'm not mistaken -- the Sgt Pepper gear an embarrassing attempt to buy back some good will with the fans and press. And these songs were include only on the US version of the LP (as noted above)<br />Also, the selection of songs themselves are not quite up to par. &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; drags on too long (Don't be long, don't belong...&quot; ad infinitum), &quot;Your Mother Should Know&quot; just isn't the kind of show topping finale for which one would hope, and &quot;Flying&quot; simply rumbles on, in a nice but going nowhere sort of way. Indeed, only &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; and &quot;Fool on the Hill&quot; stand out -- the Title track being okay, but certainly not proto-MTV video quality. <br />All in all, it's a nice film and quite off-balance, and nowhere near as bad as many have painted it (expectations way too high on this one); however, it's also nowhere near as good, nor as interesting as many have suggested. As Beatles products go, it's worth a viewing, and perhaps a purchase (if properly warned, disposed, and prepared). One would hope that it will be re-issued in a restored edition with much additional footage to give the unitiated a better perspective (and maybe the 'cutting room floor' songs, eh?).
B000002UWW|5.0|What Hits!? is a great collection of the Chili Peppers` greatest hits from their old school sock in their c*cks days up to their rise to as one of the biggest bands around in the early 90`s. It has plenty of old school favorites like Fight Like a Brave, Jungle Man, and Backwoods and the big hits like Higher Ground, Knock Me Down, and Under The Bridge(which was put in to boost the albums` sales even though it wasn`t from the EMI years). What Hits!? is a great album to educate someone about the Chili Peppers` days before they became hit makers.
B00006CXSS|5.0|If you liked Saving private ryan you'll love this one. A must see!!
B00005ARDC|3.0|One of the best debuts of the last years, &quot;B.R.M.C.&quot; is a fine addition to the new rock movement that has strong ties to the past, late seventies zeitgeist (alongside the Strokes or the White Stripes). Mixing Jesus and Mary Chain with Oasis influences, this band provides a somewhat derivative, yet captivating sound, presenting a compelling set of songs. There`s nothing really new to find here, but moments like the sinister and gloomy &quot;Red Eyes and Tears&quot; or the addictive &quot;Love Burns&quot; are top notch compositions anywhere at any time. One of the few rock bands worth listening to today, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club are a strong and solid name worth following.<br />Intriguing rock.
0804102988|5.0|I'm not giving this book 5 stars just because Rutherford managed to keep it less than 2000 pages.  I'm giving it those stars because I managed to enjoy the book.  Although it doesn't qualify precisely as fictionalized history throughout, it comes close overall and actually is through most of it.  <br />Even for people who consider themselves well schooled in history there's bound to be a lot of minutia that slips by for any piece of geography.  Rutherford fills in the gaps for the Salsbury plains and does it with fact where possible, speculation where not possible.  And he does it with consistent panache.  <br />I'd never given much thought to the details of the building of Salsbury Cathedral, though I certainly was awed, visiting it.  Sarum carried me through generations of that immediate period and place of the building in a way that caused me to inevitably have more respect and thought for the builders.  Similarly for myriad other incidents and monuments of the area over 20,000 years.  Stonehenge, Roman occupation, Viking raids, early Christianity, the bloody reigns of Bloody Mary and others.<br />Make a career of reading this book if need be, but read it.
B00005JMFQ|2.0|I love all the actors in this movie but I just didn't believe any of the characters loved each other.  (Except perhaps Liam Neisen and the kid)  Also,despite there being a child in the film, DO NOT let your kids see this movie!  (...)  <BR>There were a few bright shiney bits in this movie, but overall, the characters were so hastily drawn that most of them didn't feel authentic at all.  A good rental, but I am sort of sorry I bought it.
0440237688|4.0|This book has the feeling to get into your mind of what it is mlike to die, what you feel when someone dies.  It ios a great book to experince, that is why i like it,  it has been the second best book i've ever read.
B0001CNRGG|5.0|This is not given enough credit. I got a few chuckles out of it, can you really ask for more from this type of film?
B000148KK2|4.0|Like many other fans of Diana I first felt somehow &quot;disappointed&quot; with this new album - the melodies are not as catchy or familiar as on her previous albums - but...many of the new songs are not only really beautiful, meaningful... they are slowly - and deeply - growing on me. Just listen to the voice and to the words and the melody will follow...
1573228737|4.0|This is a tough review. I have read both of Ms. Waters other books, 'Fingersmith' which is fantastic and 'Tipping the Velvet' which is very good. 'Affinity' is her middle book the second one. And its good well written etc but there's the rub for me, the style is there but not the substance. Maybe its the style of writing, diary entries back and forth or something, the book just does not seem to flow as well as the others to me. Ms. Waters' books are very character driven and I just did not 'connect' to either of the characters in this one. As always the surroundings and feel of the period are there but in this book that almost overwhelms the characters themselves.   But again this is a good book. Its a good read..an afternoon into the evening type thats hard to put down. Four stars, to me, mean a better then average read and this book clearly is that. Its just not as great as her other two books in my opinion.
B00006879E|5.0|They sound like a funky URBAN rock band - you'd think they had a couple of black members from they're rhythm, but it's just 5 geeky white dudes jammin. They remind me of a calmer Jamiriquai - but replace the techno with Reggae/R&amp;B influence. If that's possible to imagine. I think their flair comes from the lead singer's distinct voice. I keep picturing him with red shades and dredlocks with the ROOTS drummer in the background - but in reality they look like NY Park Slope yuppies. What a delightful surprise! It's rare you can listen to a cd straight through and enjoy each song. You know the popular &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; and &quot;This love&quot;. But the others like &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; are just as good - not as &quot;pop&quot; synthesized. And even though the lyrics are lovey dovey, the rock settings make you forget the mush and enjoy the soul! Good stuff!
B000002IM7|3.0|When the meandering opening of the lead track &quot;In the New Age&quot; breaks, King's X arrives in well-developed form.  Like The Police, another notable &quot;power trio&quot;, the members of King's X had spent years honing their chops in various guises; their vocal and instrumental dexterity leave no doubt to this.  Though arguably longer than it needed to be (an observation true of one or two tracks on every King's X album), &quot;In the New Age&quot; features moments of pure audio bliss, a poor man's &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot; for Gretchen fans.  &quot;Wonder&quot; unfolds in a unique three-part form (verse, &quot;pre-chorus&quot;?, chorus) later used to great effect in &quot;Fool You&quot; from Dogman.  &quot;Sometimes&quot; features vocal harmonies unparalleled in the hard rock world.  Other tracks are strong at times, but &quot;King&quot; truly delivers the goods - as critics once dubbed Smokey Robinson's &quot;Tears of a Clown&quot; a perfect song, so the label fits for this flawless rocker - Tabor's idiomatic guitar work, Pinnick's convincing vocal flourishes, the surprising 6 beats (rather than 8 or 4) prior to the outro.  Out of the Silent Planet is far from perfect, but as critic J.D. Considine accurately noted, it augured great things to come.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|walking the fallen: don't get thrown by this its just an opener..but still nice<br />Unholy Confessions: The guitar in this song is just amazing!  The voices play back and forth between growls and harmonic voices.<br />Chapter four: this song never fails to make me sing along in a dramatic/ angery way, and play guitar. It also makes me want to pick up some sticks and drum.<br />Remenission: this is the song that totally takes me in...I can't but help bang my head to the beat<br />Desperate through Reverance: very harmonic voice thing going on but of course the growling comes in and just makes this song all the better. descent guitar riffs and drumming skill.<br />Eternal Rest: My FAVORITE song!! It makes me want to pick up my guitar and melt melt some faces away!!  This is the song that I've found hooks alot of new comers.<br />Second heartbeat: Good song...gets hard and fast then slows down.<br />Radiant eclipse: this isn't as hard and fast as the other songs...but I love it still. I usually listen to this when I'm in a slomber mood.<br />I wont see you tonight (prt1): dont get thrown..this song rocks. No really growls just...but its beautiful!! If you want to make a metal comp. that will open your lovers heart put this song on it! <br />I won't see you tonight (prt2): back to hardcore growls!! I love this song...very catchy guitar riffs! <br />Clairvoyant disease: It starts off slow but it get to the growling. This is a very good song! this is a good song to just rock out to when your alone.<br />And all things will end: YES!! now this is how you end a cd!! reminds me of 80's metal !!! Reminds me alot of metallica in the 80's.<br />I LOVE THIS BAND!!! THE WHOLE BAND ROCKS! If your looking for a good band to listen to while your angery or just want to get in the mood I would have to recommend this band.
B00005QZWI|1.0|Alright, I have viewed the last 70 reviews, and except for a few &quot;minor quibbles&quot; over &quot;missing tracks&quot; and such, there were no actually anti-Shore reviews. This is quite possibly one of the most over-rated and derogatory musical scores of all time. It is obvious that those who gave positive feedback to this have NEVER listened to true choral music or real classical. To be perfectly honest, all &quot;sung&quot; tracks are completely ripped off of Carmina Burana (of which I am sure all you &quot;Shore lovers&quot; have never heard of). He has taken the very best of wonderful 19th and 20th Century composers, and remixed them with absolutley disastorous results. In fact, not only is this album an abomination, but the way it fits with the film is even worse. The reacurring themes grow irratating at times sounding like a comic book movie, and at others, sounding like expensive versions of music from Saturday morning cartoons. But I can't blame Peter Jackson-- he's tone def!! This is great music to those who know nothing about it-- and to those who say &quot;well it won 2 Acadamy Awards for best score&quot;, I tell them this &quot;Titanic won 11&quot;. So just shut up about this being a &quot;visionary score.&quot; In about ten years it will blow over. However, PJ's masterpiece will remain in history forever (hopefully with a different score).
B00005MKEN|5.0|I love this Cd!! Whenever I'm upset I put this cd in..there is no mistaking how angery someone is when this Cd is cranked up to ear drum bursting volume. If your looking for a band that reminds you of the 80's type of metal...then this is your group! trust me, if you want to release some anger...you need this cd.
B0000959N0|4.0|How can a Daredevil fan hate this movie? It's not perfect, but it's heart is in the right place. They went over and above the call of duty by having a priest named Everett, the John Romita bit, the Frank Miller scene, I loved the Stan the Man's scene, the names Miller, Mack, and Bendis are in there, a bad guy named Joe Quesada, Kevin Smith even shows up as &quot;Kirby&quot;...I loved it.
0440237688|4.0|The book is written in an easy language but we are sure that the content is not easy to understand for children. The ending is a bit unsatisfactory, but all in all it is fun to read the story because living in such a community is very hard to imagine. So you have to use your imagination.
B000148KK2|5.0|I have been entertained by Diana Krall's past work, but this record is the first thing she's done that actually *moved* me.  I thought of DK as an &quot;ice queen,&quot; and her vocals on the syrupy Look of Love CD bordered on the phoned-in. But this... Diana, I didn't know you had it in you. Wow!<br />And I am baffled why those who have enjoyed her music in the past feel so betrayed. All her former attributes are here in strength, her graceful playing and singing, but with the added depth of emotional communication. What's not to like? Not jazzy enough? This is jazzier than Look of Love. <br />When I saw Krall perform Narrow Daylight on the Today show, I confess I did think of Norah Jones, but listening to other songs from this collection, I completely forgot about Norah. Elvis Costello's songs sound much better with Diana singing them, and the covers she chose add a great variety. <br />In her voice I hear the magic of love and the tragedy of loss. I wish her the greatest happiness, and I hope that she and Elvis can make their love last. Not only for their sakes, but for mine -- I am looking forward to more records like this! Every aspect of this production, from the writing, arranging, engineering, singing and phrasing, is at the peak of the art. I wouldn't say I'm in awe, but almost. <br />Please, at least give The Girl in the Other Room a listen, give it a chance. Art this good deserves at least that much.
0671576089|5.0|This book tells the story of the childhood of Frank McCourt.  McCourt was just an ordinary boy, born in New York City of Irish immigrant parents.  After a family tragedy, his parents returned to Ireland with the children.  And that's how this little kid from New York City ended up growing up in a lane in an Irish slum, learning essential survival skills like how to keep his belly full and his feet dry.  It seemed that everything that could go wrong did- -Frank's father was a drunk who couldn't bring home a paycheck for more than a few weeks running, the house where they lived was flooded each spring from the lane's common privy, and educational opportunities were quite limited for boys without funds.  In such circumstances, the only way to survive is not to fret about tomorrow or what the neighbors might think, but to go ever forward with determined independence.<br />As I listened to this story as read by the author, I kept hearing my own grandfather's voice.  Yes, I'd heard all the stories about childhood deprivation and inner strength, about drunken fathers and run-down houses, but I'd never really listened when my grandfather told them.  \\"He's exaggerating,\\" I thought, \\"Nobody ever lived like that.\\"  But after hearing the details of Frank's childhood, I realize that my grandfather wasn't complaining about his childhood or looking for sympathy.  He was just trying to paint a picture of the experiences that he lived through, which were so very different from my own.  There was something about my grandfather's style of speaking that made him sound different from everyone else I knew.  He was born in the US so he didn't have an Irish accent at all, but there was something peculiar about the rhythm of his speech and the style of relating to others that I never noticed in other people's voices.  As McCourt narrates conversations between his parents and aunts and uncles, I can hear my grandfather jumping into the fray, a bit drunk, but not so drunk that he couldn't come out with a witty remark that still leaves people laughing when they remember it forty years later.  I understand now- -my grandfather was simply Irish.  This book is a wonderful telling of childhood with all its ups and downs, honesty and deceit, grief and joy.  McCourt's writing draws the reader into Frank's world, where they can hear his father singing in the pub and smell the bread and onions frying on the stove.e out with a witty remark that still leaves people laughing when they remember it forty years later.  I understand now- -my grandfather was simply Irish.  This book is a wonderful telling of childhood with all its ups and downs, honesty and deceit, grief and joy.  McCourt's writing draws the reader into Frank's world, where they can hear his father singing in the pub and smell the bread and onions frying on the stove.
0156027321|5.0|A ship sinks and this young guy named Pi has to survive somehow on a big raft with a few zoo animals, most notably, a big tiger! This is enough to test anyone's full capacity of strength and endurance. This story scenario also provides a good opening for all kinds of philosophical speculation and introspective discussion about spiritual faith, etc. All the while, the tiger has eaten all the animals one by one and Pi has to do some fishing to keep both himself and the hungry tiger fed if he doesn't wanna be its next meal! <br />What I love about this book is that it's not afraid to make you think, it's not afraid to tackle ideas while at the same time it's written in a flowing style and there's such a fantastic story here! Reminds you of Hemingway's novella about the old man and the whale. This is a simple, perhaps too drawn out, but enchanting tale. The only criticism I would have is that some descriptions are too detailed, too long-winded, too drawn out. This is not a fast-paced read, so you need to read with patience, but I think you'll be amply rewarded if you find some free relaxing time and really give it a chance. <br />David Rehak<BR>author of &quot;A Young Girl's Crimes&quot;
0385507755|5.0|This is a great book.  People that do not think so, don't understand the power of the mind and luckily for them, have never been in a battle against themselves.  His prose is consistent with his thought process and helps you to understand what captures his mind in the midst of his personal war.
0440237688|3.0|In my opinion the book is a goodchoice for pupils. The content is about a group of people who are under the power of the \\"Elders\\".They haven't got any possibility to choose for example the work they want to. The book reminded me of the movie \\"Matrix\\", no one's free and people see and think only what others make or allow them to see and think. Everyone has a purpose you can't change.It's most interesting for pupils because it's written in a simple way, but also good for adults.
B0000024JN|5.0|Wow, this is seriously one of the greatest CDs ever. Very few CDs can you put on and listen to from beginning to end and love every song. Classics like Girls, Brass Monkey and Fight for Your Right mixed in with other Beastie greats like Slow and Low, Paul Revere, and The New Style just to name a few. No CD collection can be considered complete without this CD by the Beasties.
6305127689|5.0|And I'm a chic. For those of you who haven't seen this movie, it is THE BEST. Anytime my mom and I are feeling down we just curl up on our couches and watch this movie. Because of this movie, besides the Eagles' &quot;Witchy Woman&quot;...Otis Reddings' &quot;Sitting on the Dock of the Bay&quot; is one of my all-time favorite songs. Something about that scene with that music and them talking at her beach house, him about his father, I don't know...it just feels right to me. Not to mention that it has prob. the best...scene of all time...all silhouettes and just emotion. And what girl couldn't love the chestbaring volleyball scene? The chics in this movie are great too, even if they aren't the main focus. All around, if I could only buy one movie to have for all time, it would be this one. Show me the way home, honey!
B0001GL3K4|1.0|a bitter disappointment. like getting coal for christmas. the plot was flatter than the DVD itself, and the characters were cliches with british accents.
B00000JG41|5.0|Probably the best album ever made and I say that without a hint of hyperbole. It's range is such that from beginning to end you can enjoy any and all types of music that you could care to listen to (within reason). But the originality of the record adds to it the mantle of great, especially in the context of most modern regurgitated pop-rock (strokes-iggy pop, muse-radiohead and other rip offs). Great art is never appreciated in it's time and that's what gives me great hope for the legacy of Mr. Bungle; when future generations are congealed with stagnant sound, people will rediscover California and bask in it's triumphal resonance.<br />                   The album begins with &quot;Sweet Charity&quot; - a sound so unfashionable it is painfully refreshing - and then suddenly delves into &quot;None of Them Knew They Were Robots&quot;, which is so varying it balks discription. Following is easily the most mainstream song Mr. Bungle (McKinnock) ever produced, it has shades of Karma Police but probably more enterprise, going from a soft lilt to fulfilling rock before reaching it's crecendo and failing beautyfully. All the while though, it never loses it's agonising poignancy. Truely a masterpiece of construction accentuated by Patton's powerfull vocal timbre. <br />From there it's a wave of differing sounds, some that are Rorschach like in their individual appreciation. Rather than go on describing them, you can only understand by hearing them. I'm going to be blunt: buy the album if you love music and want refresment from the dull monotony of other bands. It defies regret, except through the lack of a follow up.<br />Mike, please make another!!
B00000JHAU|5.0|I would clutch this record to me like a baby blanket. Of course B&amp;S are always charming, but this is really it...It is not cute, pleasant or 'nice' (adjectives commonly used in reference to these lovely Scots by condescending detractors), but rather a fabulous, rollicking yet consistent album that sends shivers up and down the spine. The opener 'Stars of track and field' is a stunner. Beautifully evoking so many ghosts of popular culture (think Nick Drake, 'If...', just about every boarding school story...), it begins simply, gorgeously and builds to a devastating climax. And then comes track 2, 'Seeing other people', with that infectious piano riff and more evocative, glorious lyrics. The last track 'Judy and the dream of horses' is just to die for - deceptively light, striking and lingering with the sugar-on-top of fabulously twee recorders. In between there are a thousand moments of lyrical, ecstatic bliss. Buy this sublime record, for it shall melt even the greatest cynic, and make idealistic young dreamers of us all...
B000089RVX|5.0|This cd is the greatest cd i have ever heard.........and i'm 45!<BR>I was so impressed by the songs that i felt like i wanted to be in the Evanescence Band!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000AFHM|4.0|Ok...So if you own beautiful precursor to this album 'If you're feeling sinister' you probably bought it at the start of winter and spent the next two months reading and humming along while riding on city buses for a hobby (to borrow a few words from our darling Stuart). Well, all you nerdy woolen-jumper-wearers, here is your album for spring, and possibly for summer too. 'Boy with the arab strap' lacks the lovely British-ness of '...sinister', but more than makes up for it with imaginative, pretty tunes and consistently brilliant lyrics. Of course it's all nice, but there's plenty that's, well, wonderful!!!!! 'Seymour Stein' is a glorious, mini-epic (I particularly love the line about the 'north country girl'!!!) and the title track is irresistable. I could gush all day, but instead will choose to highlight the thorn amongst a dozen roses which is 'A space boy dream'. Electronic music does not gel well with B&amp;S's lovely lyricism (does anyone actually listen to 'Electronic renaissance' on 'Tigermilk') and disturbs the beautiful balance of the rest of the album. This minor quibble aside, this is a gorgeous album, and a must for all daydreamers, scrabble-players and bookworms.
0156027321|5.0|Just thinking about Life of Pi makes me want to jump head first into this novel all over again. I could not put this book down from the first sentence to the very last. Life of Pi was an incredible book and I recommend it to any one who is looking for a good read filled with delightful insights, subtle humor, and brilliant imagination. <br />Pi Patel lives with his family in Pondicherry, India, where his father is a zookeeper. After his father becomes frustrated with the Indian government, the family decides to move to Canada to start their life over. But after their ship sinks in a \\"monstrous metallic burp,\\" Pi finds himself stuck in the middle of the Pacific Ocean in a lifeboat with an orangutan, hyena, tiger, and a crippled zebra. His story is one of survival that can be applied to more than just the story.<br />One thing I loved most about this novel was the beautiful way in which it was written. Yann Martel weaves seemingly unrelated things together (Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, tigers, dorados, orange whistles, algae, and the mysteries of life, to name a few) to make one incredible story. He truly has a gift for story telling and I am so glad I have read his story. <BR> <BR>Yet this novel has more to it than just great writing. An aspect that I found interesting was that Pi practiced three religions: his native Hindu, Islam, and Christianity. Even while those around him, including the leaders of his religions, were pressing him to choose one religion over another, Pi did not because he loved God and loved all three of his religions. Life of Pi made a profound statement for a multi-religious world: all religions are full of love and not one is better than another is.<BR> <BR>Life of Pi challenges its readers to think about the better stories in life. After I had finished the novel, I was not able to forget about it. I have turned it over and over in my head and I am still not through with it. This book is a think piece and more than just an excellent read.<BR> <BR>I immersed myself in this wonderful novel. Every detail, every insight made me want to keep reading, keep sinking deeper and deeper into Yann Martel's world. Sleep and homework were just afterthoughts as I soared through this book. Every time I picked it up, my world fell away and I too was stuck in the middle of the sea with nothing but a lifeboat and a tiger. I cannot find the words to best describe this beautiful novel. Anything I say will not do it justice, for it is a novel of its own kind, a novel of religion, philosophy, zoology, and survival. How then can I write a review of it without taking away some of its mystic and awe? I have no idea, dear reader, all I can do is advise you to take an unlikely adventure with a boy and a tiger and the Pacific Ocean.
0618526412|2.0|While the book is well written I have had a whale of a time getting through it.  It has taken me three weeks to get past the second part.  I get the premise of what she is writing about, I just find it to be terribly and overwhelmingly depressing.  Tell me it gets better.
B0001Z53AQ|2.0|this cd isn't anything special. i liked maybe 5 songs off the last one and i only like 4 or 5 songs off this one. out of the whole clan, only 2 or 3 of them can rap. i don't like proofs voice at all, it's like method mans and i hate him. eminem's tracks on this are the best, just like they were on the last one. the only good d-12 songs i've heard were on eminems cds
B00018D44U|2.0|Had Ms. Jones not recorded. &quot;Come Away With Me&quot; this album would rate four stars. Unlike her previous recording, this latest effort lacks the poetry, lounge-jazz, hypnotic, startingly beautiful lyrics, soft country,and slow tempo that made &quot;Come Away With Me&quot; the all-time winner for recordings you DONT play in your car.<br />I listened to this recording once and it was very annoying. The lyrics were annoying; the tempo was too upbeat; there was not a sense of the emotive or evocative; every song sounded just like the other. If you must listen, this is the  CD for the CAR; her previous one is for rainy nights in the woods, resting languidly on your sofa, Ms. Jones'lyrics quietly guiding you down the tributaries of sleep.
0440237688|5.0|I really like this book about the giver it was very interesting.This is the best book I read this year.This one of the book I've paid attention to in class. At the end of the book it leaves you clue less or its just me. There are some parts that are said and there are some parts that are happy.You have to understand it to read the book or you just won't get the book one bit.I gave the book a 5 because I like it and it one of books that interesting.I f you get a chance to read this book I bet you will like it to.
B0001HLVS2|4.0|Master And Commander shares with Crowe's earlier movie Gladiator something rare in contemporary filmmaking.  Both films actually tell us a story about people and worlds unfamiliar to us.  Too often in \\"historical\\" films although the dress and settings are in the past the characters display attitudes, beliefs and conflicts that reflect more modern concerns.  What we often get are contemporary \\"morality plays\\" acted out in costume dramas in either a past age or in outer space.  These have their value but often fail as storytelling.<br />Master And Commander is a tale of a world (Napoleonic seafaring warfare) in which the characters hold to values and loyalties we do not immediately grasp.  Crowe as Aubrey drives this story according to the imperatives of command.  To succeed in a mission against a superior opponent with whom he is horribly mismatched, Crowe must summon courage, determination, and shrewdness to avoid defeat several times to finally triumph.  The ship's surgeon (Paul Bettany) serves as Aubrey's best friend and sometime conscience questioning Aubrey several times whether he is pursuing his quest against the French warship out of a sense of loyalty and duty or because his pride.  Is Aubrey preserving his self-respect at the expense of the crew's welfare?<br />The truth is (as in all of us) Aubrey's motives are mixed.  While he does act out of a need to do his duty as England herself is threatened with invasion, Aubrey also does not want to be bested by a French captain.  Still, while his motives may be tainted, Aubrey is not dissuaded from the fight.  Yet any suspicions that the ship's surgeon himself was counseling out of weakness and lack of courage are dispelled in the events to follow.<br />This is no simple tale of triumph.  The harshness of sea life and the absolute ruthless measures used to maintain order under primitive conditions are not slighted.  The good men are inhumanely sacrificed to save the ship.  Those who fail to do their duty are mercilessly whipped to uphold authority.  Battle at sea is show not so much as gallant rivalry as the savage butchery it was.  Finally, the heavy loss of life of seaman and officer alike in combat shows that success and doing one's duty are quite costly.<br />It is a certain kind of courage to do something difficult.  It takes a different kind of courage to meet a challenge when there is a real possibility and likelihood one will lose.  Would we have thought it worth the sacrifice and pain to capture just one ship from all the oceans of the world?  Could we have driven others under our responsibility to suffer so much for any goal?  Maybe not.  But Master And Commander shows us men who did and a world we have largely forgotten.  This is an excellent movie that you will watch several times and catch something new each time.  Can we have another film to follow this one?  I hope so.lessly whipped to uphold authority.  Battle at sea is show not so much as gallant rivalry as the savage butchery it was.  Finally, the heavy loss of life of seaman and officer alike in combat shows that success and doing one's duty are quite costly.<br />It is a certain kind of courage to do something difficult.  It takes a different kind of courage to meet a challenge when there is a real possibility and likelihood one will lose.  Would we have thought it worth the sacrifice and pain to capture just one ship from all the oceans of the world?  Could we have driven others under our responsibility to suffer so much for any goal?  Maybe not.  But Master And Commander shows us men who did and a world we have largely forgotten.  This is an excellent movie that you will watch several times and catch something new each time.  Can we have another film to follow this one?  I hope so.
B00018D44U|2.0|Two stars because it isn't a bad album. It just isn't very good, either. The gushing male DJs on our local &quot;jazz&quot; station can't get enough of her, which means that the CD is heavily overplayed, and this is not a work that takes to being played very much...before it's played out, simply because there is so little depth to it. She makes the most of her meagre voice and uninspiring piano playing, but she isn't going anywhere with it on this particular effort. <br />Good for people who want some unobtrusive music whittering away in the background, or by &quot;pack listeners&quot; who buy what the media tells them to, but no originality here.
0446310786|5.0|This beautiful story has it all if you love GOODNESS, TRUTH AND BEAUTY.  I will not repeat what has been said here hundreds of times but only offer my humble opinion on one thing.<br />Atticus cared more about TRUTH and JUSTICE than he did about the opinions of neighbors and the world.  If you would like to read a non-fiction that could have been written by Atticus, please consider HOW TO SAVE AMERICA AND THE WORLD.  It was written by a lawyer who, like Atticus, cares more about Truth than money and popularity.
B0001HAHXW|1.0|I can't believe that this jerk sells his crap.  If he redoes &quot;Row Row Row Your Boat&quot; some idiot will buy that too!  It's time to retire, Eric.
B0002234LS|5.0|I thought \\"Secret Window\\" was a fantastic movie. Ebert & Ropert gave the film two thumbs up and I couldn't agree more. Johnny Depp plays the lead character Mort Rainey. Mort is a novel writer who is confronted by a man named John Shooter(John Tuturro). Shooter claims that Mort stole his story and ruined the ending to it. Shooter refuses to leave Mort alone until he fixes the ending of his story. Depp is outstanding in the movie and his performance alone is enough to recommend the movie. Some have claimed the film's pace to be too slow, but I feel it is very methodically and wonderfully paced.One of Depp's brilliant lines in the movie is \\" It's all about the ending. Nothing matters but the ending. And this one is very good...this one is perfect.\\" I thought that line is an excellent description of the movie's great ending and \\"secret\\" twist. I will definitely be buying this DVD when it arrives on June 22. I also strongly recommend Depp in the \\"Pirates of the Caribbean\\" and \\"Blow\\". Depp is outstanding in both films. Secret Window..some windows should never be opened..
B0000029DD|5.0|If you're lucky, it'll be one of those moments in your life that you never want to forget. And then you'll hear this CD. And click! The memory not only has it's own little movie reel, but it now has a soundtrack. This is one of those albums whose strains provide the perfect backdrop for the poignant moments in our lives. Tingling on-the-edge-of-becoming love, in the middle of a crisis love, or bittersweet goodbye love-- take your pick, this album has a track for them all. <BR>And while you're remembering the stage of love of your choice, you'll have acquired a new love, a love not tied to your current significant other, but one that finds its obsession chained to Jeff Buckley's voice as it hypnotizes you into buying his limited few other CD's. Don't worry, it's worth the lapse in memory. Because by now you're a true fan who will cringe at the tiniest scratch on that precious plastic disc's backside.<BR>(And, guys, a little tip, for those of you looking for a little action, and that's pretty much all of you, I'd say it's the perfect seduction CD. Take it from me, boys and girls, it worked. I gave up instantly.)<BR>And back to more noble pursuits... If you're looking for sappy, shallow, one-liner love songs then don't buy this album. Move on down the rack. His music carries the true depth of feeling found only in the artist who wrote the words himself and who finds a way to flawlessly express all the loves we could never properly utter, much less put into music, for ourselves.  Every song is sung like it's his last. Unfortunately for us all, they were.
B00006FDCD|1.0|This movie just plain blows.  How can it have a 4 star average rating??  The book is great- I love Steven King, and a lot of movies based on his books are good, but this one is a joke.  The acting is the worst part of the movie, it's so bad that's it's almost good.  One very annoying thing they try to do is use as many tiny little details from the book, or use the exact same phrases that the characters in the book used.  Sometimes that's cool, like in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, but it really doesn't work here.  Don't waste your time watching it and definantly don't waste your money buying it!
B00005QY5Y|5.0|I was reading the reviews people wrote for this album and there was this one that caught my eye:                          Reviewer: A music fan from Houston, Texas United States  <BR>We have men dying for their country and ryan adams turns the flag upside down. One more of the useless socialist elite. When clinton was bombing Serbia for 80 days straight, where were the elite complaining about the &quot;evil America&quot; then. The silence was deafening! <br />Are you an absolute idoit, you dont like this cd because the cover of it. Give me a break. Please listen to the music on the CD and rate that not the CD cover. Well for the people who like true music and dont rate CDs on the front cover's picture, but listen to the music and you will like it for what it is. This is one of the best true rock n roll albums to come out in years.<BR>GO BUY ALL RYAN ADAMS' CDS.
0440237688|4.0|We like the book \\"The Giver\\" by Lois Lowry very much because its similar to \\"our world\\". We could imagine that there will be such a world like the book explains. The book is easy to read and to understand.<BR>We thought a lot about it and we are a little bit disappointed because of the questions we had while reading the book. It seems to us that the ending is too short and sudden.
0440237688|5.0|I would recomend this book to a grown up because it would be to harsh for young kids. But i can think of many people that would like to read this interesting yet compelling book.You can't put the book down once u get to the 2 chapter.<br />But yet I can think of more people that would not like thins book because people don't want to read about people killing other people by sirenges... But it doesnt effect the number of stars I gave it<BR>This book is truly amazing!!!!!!!
0440237688|4.0|I would recomend this book to others because it is a very good book and so interesting, it's a very well written non-fictional book. I really enjoyed it and I think that the people that had read it would agree with me.<BR>     The reason that I like this book so much is because it's exciting and sad and all these emotions all in one. I wouldn't consider this book a boaring book, I would consider it the kind of book that you can't stop reading.
B0001Z53AQ|5.0|this album is sweet.  Better than the last D12 album.
B00005YXZH|5.0|OK, it took me one hundered listens to get it, but then....POW!!.  This is more than great WILCO, this may be one of the most underrated albums ever.  Its subtle, restrained and addictive.  Now I listen to it constantly.  Every listen yields something new.  Clearly Tweedy and crew intended every note to be exactly so.  Yes, there is not a single catchy pop tune.  Not one easy, sloppy, drippy formula song.  But I can not get it out of my head, and I am really happy about that.
1594200106|5.0|THE SHADOW OF THE WIND is a publishing sensation in the author's native country of Spain. It is now sweeping the world. It is a big book- very long and very detailed. The strength of the work lies in the interpersonal relationships of the characters and the mysterious compelling story that keeps the pages turning.<br />  The plot hinges around Daniel, son of a Barcelona bookseller who upon turning ten years old in 1945, is brought by his father to a very large institution called the Cemetary of Forgotten Books. He is instructed to  select a book out of the millions of books in the mazelike network of bookshelves and to treasure that book forever. The book he selects is called THE SHADOW OF THE WIND by Julian Carax. Daniel reads the book, loves it and wants to read other books by that author. To his amazement, there are almost no others in the world. It is his seach for the author and his books that leads Daniel onto a path that will forever change his life. It also brings him into direct conflict with a very sadistic police inspector and a mysterious masked man who insists on obtaining every book written by Carax and burning it.<br />  In a sense, I am unsure as to what type of book Carlos Ruiz Zafon intended to write. In the beginning, there is a sense of the fantastic in the descriptions of the edifice known as The Cemetary of Forgotten Books. It then evolves into a story of the young Daniel as we watch him grow up and fall in love. Danger lurks in his search for Carax and we begin to see parallels in the lives of the growing young man and the mysterious author. Is it a fantasy? A mystery? A coming of age story? A thriller? The answer is a bit of all of the above. One thing it definitely is is a remarkably adept debut novel- a bit too long- but truly brilliant nonetheless.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|When watching this movie for the first time, it is advisable to wear a seat belt.  It is so fast-moving and thrilling and confusing that it results in sensory overload.  Which is, of course, fantastic -  if that is the kind of thing that excites you.<br />The film is edited in such a way that you can hardly focus on a scene before it changes.  It sets off at a rapid pace, but soon slows down into a hugely entertaining, funny and endearing romance.  The plot is quite simple - it has to be if the audience is to keep up!  Boy meets girl, boy can't have girl, boy gets girl anyway and...Luhrman's love of the Shakesperean tragic ending shines through. <br />Of course, it IS a musical, so if you don't like people breaking out into song and dance, don't watch it.  The fun part is, you should know most of the songs already, so you can feel all clever when you figure out what song they are about to start singing.<br />The DVD is wonderful, so many extras that you will be entertained for hours.  There are even hidden clips in the stills, so look out for them.  I thouroughly enjoyed and continue to enjoy owning this DVD.<br />After repeated viewings, you will be able to adjust to the rapid pace and spot things that you missed at first glance.  In fact, the more I watched this film, the more gratifying it became, because upon first viewing, you are just shocked at the COLOUR!  Later you become awed by the complexity of the entire production.  <br />Great casting, perfect music and wonderful sets - Moulin Rouge is a huge success!
0679777547|4.0|Having read The Flanders Panel, I couldn't wait to read another one of Arturo Perez-Reverte's books. This great author strikes gold again with The Club Dumas. Based on Dumas' masterpiece The Three Musketeers, Perez-Reverte weaves his own tale of rare book collecting and the history surrounding the Musketeers. While I suggest that you read The Three Musketeers first, (I didn't and for that reason I often lost track of the plot, hence the four-star rating) the novel was still interesting without any knowledge of Dumas' work. But this novel is full of the clever and dark writing that I loved in Panel. Perez-Reverte is one of the most brilliant authors of today and I look forward to reading more of his stuff. Bibliophiles swear by this book.  Highly recommended...
B00000JCOV|4.0|The most amazing, groun shaking music ever. If you want to experience intensity,listen to Slipknot. Breath defying, with awesome samples, and guitar riffs. And what can I say about the drumming, simply unmatched!
B000000HSU|5.0|after all the punk bands past and present that have brought out albums that you rate up there as the best of all time.well if you never heard &quot;rock for light&quot;,i can definatly say that you better shuffle your top 5 because this is up there with the very best..words dont describe how good this is..punk rock.
B000002B2T|4.0|I was tempted to give this release 5 stars for reasons I'll get into, but in the end I decided to give it 4 because I think there are some weak tracks, e.g. I Don't Know Anything, and Lifeless Dead. Despite this, I consider this a special cd for a couple of reasons. First, the good tracks are just awesomely good. Wake Up, I'm Above, and November Hotel are enough to carry the album to great heights. The other thing that makes this cd special is that the general sound is rare. There's a lot of ambient space in the music, the tempo is consistently slow and steady, and the musicians fill it out with very tight parts. Mike McCready is absolutely brilliant, especially in November Hotel, and Layne Staley's husky voice adds to the mellowness. This album is particularly conducive to listening with your friends around as it can blend into the overall mood of the room.
B000002KDW|5.0|What a glorious band. Formed out of the ashes of 'The Small Faces' and 'The Jeff Beck Band', nobody could of predicted the influence this lovable bunch of rogues would have on Rock 'n' Roll history.<br />When Steve Marriot left 'The Small Faces' in early 1969, he left his band mates without one half of the song writing partnership, the guitarist, singer, and front man, so on paper not much left then. However, long time band mate Ronnie Wood was keen to step into the breach (incredibly, Ronnie Wood had been playing bass guitar in the shadow of Jeff Beck in his band for the last two and a half years). He brought along his friend and vocalist from his previous gig, a certain Mr. Rodney Stewart, who at the time was so lacking in confidence on stage that he would often sing with his back to the audience. Amazing when you consider what a microphone wielding strumpet he was going to become over the next couple of years. <br />After brief rehearsals the band, under the shortened name of 'The Faces', set out on the road, recording a debut album along the way (First Steps, March 1970). Although this album was poorly received both by the general public and most of the critics, by the end of 1970 they had built a reputation as one of the most awesome and lunatic live acts on the circuit. And 1971 was to be their Year. <br />Going from playing gigs at concert halls and college dates at the beginning of the year, by Christmas they were selling out arenas all over the world. Record sales went the same way. Nobody has been more prolific before or since. In that one scintillating year they released three albums. First the half live - half studio effort 'Long Player', which stormed up the American charts, giving them their first single hit as well in `Had me a Real Good Time'. Then came the international break through with Rod Stewart's solo album `Every Picture Tells A Story' (a Faces album in all but name), which topped the charts around the world. So did the single from the album'Maggie Mae', which remained on top of the charts for weeks and was being played everywhere you went. Their appearance on English T.V. program 'Top Of The Pops' had to be seen to be believed. They made no pretense of playing their instruments to the music they were supposed to be miming to, instead They spent their time kicking oversized footballs into the crowd, falling off the stage, and letting English radio Disc Jockey John Peel (a non-musician) pretend to play the Mandolin solo in the middle, while Ronnie Lane mugged up behind him. <br />So when it was announced that there would be one more Faces album before Christmas, expectations were high, and the boys did not disappoint. Never has rock music been put across in such a charmingly fun way.<br />First up is `Miss Judy's Farm', a great fat slab of Rock 'n' Roll from the combined pen of Stewart/Wood, giving the band a chance to stretch their wings. A driving riff from Woody fires the song into life before the plonk of Ronnie Lane's bass comes into drive. Kenny Jones's no frills drums lends solid support to the song, while Ian McLagan - in old fashioned Rock 'n' Roll style - sensibly sticks to the piano to duel with the lead guitar breaks. Then, of course, on top of this you have the gravel voiced whoops and yelps of that now full of confidence Rooster of the Vocals - Rod Stewart, preening his way through the lyrics with a wonderful sureness inspired a generation. After two minutes of the song, Woody slows the whole entourage down to a snail's pace before the entire band roars back in to bring the opening song to an exciting conclusion, with each artist battling to be heard.<BR>Mott the Dog.
B00005JMJ4|3.0|This movie captures a particular mood extremely well. <br />It just does it for a very VERY long time. It seemed more appropriate as a subject for a short film ... but people don't watch short films by themselves, so few people make them.
B0001HLVSC|4.0|I like this movie quite a bit. It started out with a short battle which amazed me BOOM pecies fly and people die BOOM our movie ship flees. And then we are introduced to charachters of the movie, captain doctor and kids that are aparantly going to be future captains i DONT know i am sry. Anyway this movie is not about a ceratin charachter or movie, it is about a life on a ship in i think 1800ds. How crude the life was on those boats and how rough it was to and still is to be a sailor or a captain. This crew goes through number of events that i found funny sad and interestingthan they fought a french cruiser i think and it was a cool looking battle but it felt a little stale, something was missing anyway movie was cool and witty i may not have read all the 20 books to understand what was cut out but i sure feel like this a good addition to those rare naval movies oout there i hope you Enjoy.
6305127638|5.0|STAR TREK - FIRST CONTACT (1996), being only the second film to feature the &quot;Next Generation&quot; characters---and the first one without any of the originals---is a masterpiece of suspense, drama and violence. Easily earning its PG-13 rating, this one deals with (as I'm sure all who are reading this know) the Borg attempting to conquer Earth by going back in time to prevent &quot;first contact&quot; between humans and Vulcans. Capt. Jean-Luc Picard (the wonderful Patrick Stewart), who had once been &quot;assimilated&quot; by the Borg, being renamed Locutus in the process, takes this particularly hard and makes it his professional duty as Captain of the Federation Starship Enterprise 1701-C, and his personal duty as a member of the human race, to stop the Borg from attaining its goal. <br />This entry in the series, directed by Jonathan Frakes (Commander Will Riker), is a full step-up from the original series, employing dazzling visual effects and taking on a decidedly darker tone than previous STAR TREK films. It also ramps up the dramatic tension big-time, as Capt. Picard is so deeply affected by his previous experience with the Borg; his hatred is not just for what the Borg collective is, it's also a result of what the Borg collective had made of him, if only briefly. Meeting him head-on in his anguished tension are an unlikely stowaway (the equally wonderful Alfre Woodard) and the unlikely inventor of the Warp Drive Dr. Zefram Cochrane (the inspired James Cromwell). Of course, series regulars Lt. Commander Worf (Michael Dorn), Lt. Commander Data (Brent Spiner) and Lt. Commander Geordi La Forge (LeVar Burton) are back in fine form, as are Counselor Deanna Troi (Marina Sirtis) and Dr. Beverly Crusher (Gates McFadden). We even get a brief prize of a cameo appearance of The Doctor (Robert Picardo) from the &quot;Star Trek: Voyager&quot; series. But the one who really steals the show is the evil Borg Queen (Alice Krige), who slyly exudes mechanical sensuality even as she provokes danger and disdain (and perhaps disgust). Her kidnapping of the android Data and insinuation into his deep-seated desire to &quot;become more human&quot; makes for possibly the scariest scene in the entire movie. <br />STAR TREK - FIRST CONTACT combines an immense amount of elements in order to make its unified whole. The result is a stark, darkly brilliant film that comes close to sensory overload at times. True, Capt. Picard's climactic head-butting scene with the sharp-tongued stowaway Lily goes dangerously over-the-top at one point (and eventually would be parodied in the hilarious &quot;Fingerbang&quot; episode of &quot;South Park&quot;), but it STILL works. Everything else in this film does, too. Jonathan Frakes did a splendid job in creating the highest-budget STAR TREK film yet (a reported $80 million) in record time, earning himself the nickname &quot;Two-Takes Frakes&quot; from his fellow cast members and the admiration of a new generation of STAR TREK fans. Also, he earned well over the magical $100 million mark for film studio Paramount, making the studio moguls happy in the process! Unfortunately, he couldn't quite match this success with the next series installment, the lighter-toned STAR TREK - INSURRECTION (1998); however, with this film, Jonathan Frakes achieved something of a series masterpiece, of which he should always be proud. Don't get me wrong; I loved STAR TREK GENERATIONS (1994), but in STAR TREK - FIRST CONTACT, the &quot;Next Generation&quot; crew hold their own, and our complete undivided attention, for the nearly-two-hour film. This would easily be the greatest of the &quot;Next Generation&quot; movies, and quite possibly, the best in the entire franchise.<br />MOST RECOMMENDED
0316666343|3.0|I picked this book up because I'd heard a lot of glowing reviews from friends.  However, I wasn't very impressed.  I think the story could have ended about 100 pages before it actually did.  The first half is engaging, thought it lags at points.  But from pg. 140 and on, it just goes downhill.  <BR>At first glance, the characters seem real and well put together. But as one reads on, it becomes apparent that Sebold is struggling to develop them further and instead of giving more insight into who these people are, the reader is left with more questions.  The plot goes from enchanting and original to cheesy and very Hollywood, so much so, that you might find that you're actually laughing when you are supposed to be crying.<BR>But this book did give me hope.  Since I'm an aspiring writer myself, I took great comfort in knowing that THIS made it to the best seller list.  If Sebold can do it, then there's no question in my mind that I can.
B00005RIKI|5.0|The Allman Brothers started southern rock, but Lynyrd Skynrd ruled the genre during the mid-seventies.  They defined not just the sound, but the attitude of southern rock.  &quot;Pronounced&quot;, their debut album, is simply as good as it gets.  From the foot-stomping drive of hits like &quot;Gimme Three Steps&quot; and &quot;I Ain't The One&quot; to the sensitivity and soul of &quot;Tuesday's Gone&quot; and &quot;Simple Man&quot;, this album has it all.  And of course, there's the definitive Southern Rock anthem, &quot;Free Bird&quot;.  Even the lesser known songs &quot;Things Goin' On&quot; and &quot;Mississippi Kid&quot; and &quot;Poison Whiskey&quot; are great (as a kid, Poison Whiskey was my favorite Skynyrd song).  Every song is great!  I wore out 2 copies of this album on vinyl, I'll find some way to wear out the CD!<br />The sound is great on the CD, and the additional tracks are good.  &quot;Mr. Banker&quot; and &quot;Down South Jukin'&quot; are well known to hard-core fans, certainly worth having on disc.  The 3 other demo versions (Tuesday's Gone, 3 Steps, Freebird) are interesting, but not essential.<br />This remains one of my all time favorite albums, I'd give it 10 stars if I could!!
6300208699|4.0|Obsurdly sureal, insanely satirical, and chock full of some of the most interesting social commentary...as well as incredibly off-beat cameos.<br />Try to read between the lines of (basically nonexistent)plot and you will be massivly entertained.<br />I especially like the entire train scene, particularly the purchase of a hot dog from a vendor.<br />If you like Sellars you'll love Guy Grand.
0393307050|5.0|The master and commander series is incredible. I very much enjoyed the Master and Commander story. It was the first time in a long while that I did not try to avoid reading this book. It was very long but I was glued to this exciting story. This book is great if you want to read a factual and realistic action adventure story. I am really looking forward to reading the rest of the series. I think everyone should sit back and enjoy the wonderfully composed Master and Commander series,
0739307312|4.0|I loved the book....was trying to analyze why I enjoyed it so much....<br />It captured me from the very beginning, part of the appeal due to the familiarity of the setting and my interest in art, I suppose.  It was so easy to envision the whole thing. I felt like I witnessed the murder and then was right there with Robert &amp; Sophie trying to escape from the Louvre and elude the police. I enjoyed the entire chase, was fascinated by the emerging theories throughout.  I have to admit, at times I was a tiny bit uncomfortable with some of the ideas he was suggesting, but in the end I was neither offended nor were any core beliefs altered!  : )  Just a great ride, if you ask me!
B000002UZ1|1.0|This is so bad I don't know where to start, with the awful singing on Strawberry Fields &quot;Foreveh&quot; (as the singer pronounces it, or barely mediocre Ballad of John &amp; Yoko (who cares?)...<br />At least the record company segregated the early years from the later years so you don't have to buy this one. Check out the red album.
0156027321|4.0|Stories; today so much of the modernized world thinks of them as amusements for children, but the importance of stories should not be overlooked. The history of the world was not handed down to us in the form of compact history books that so many young people drudgingly study from today.  Rather, history came to us through stories told by generations that were eventually written down.  In the Middle East, the early Biblical accounts were passed on by word of mouth.  In Africa, the griots spun tales of ancestors and ancient days past.  In North America, immigrants told tales of their homelands. These stories kept history alive and fresh for each nation, people, and tribe.  Moreover, stories contain a power and capacity for influence that supercedes all other means of communication.  The point is, stories do have affect on the present day, and have a much larger influence than most people realize.<BR> The profound past and continued influence of stories today are perhaps the reason Yann Martel chose to write his novel, the Life of Pi, in a narrative form.  Through this format he is able to weave together the varying aspects of Pi's life in a stream of conscience that is deeply engaging.  The storyline bounces from past experiences and memories at the family zoo to the present situation of the animals on the boat.  Pi drifts from talk about religion and family to talk about survival and food as the story progresses, suggesting a fundamental change in his attitude and personality.  The narrative format allows the reader to feel as though they are really there, in the lifeboat, with Pi and Richard Parker. It is almost as thought the reader temporarily gets to live inside of Pi's head as he is experiencing this ordeal.  Granted, the circumstances of the reader are much more physically comfortable, but it is a definite testimony to the power of Martel's literature that he is able to so realistically and convincingly recreate the experience in story form.   Not only does this novel draw the reader into Pi's life and thought processes, it also evokes a change in the reader as well.  The reader must grapple with the difficult mental circumstances of survival and still be able to appreciate the humor and amusement of Pi's unique sense of humor.  The light-heartedness in style might lead some to dismiss these witty comments as mere good-humor, but there is something truly profound in these succinct phrases.  Phrases such as \\"we commonly say in the trade that the most dangerous animal in the zoo is Man\\"(29) and \\"to choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation\\" (28) are sprinkled throughout the book.  These glib phrases are funny at first glance and profound with a second look.  Moreover, these expressions stick in the mind, where the deeper meaning percolates into a pearl of wisdom with time.  This is another crucial factor in the Martel's decision to write in a story format; not only do certain sayings and images stick in the mind better, they portray a deeper meaning and intent than a mere re-telling of facts could ever express.  <BR> The Life of Pi is one story that all adults ought to read. First, for the child-like enjoyment of reading an pleasurable book once again.  And secondly, read the story for it's deeper meaning and profound content: ponder which interpretation is correct, why the animal story is so much better, and what the symbolism of the animals really is.  Readers will be amazed at the power of this story to entertain and challenge them to new levels of imagination and intellectual contemplation.  Stories, after all, are more than just bed-time amusements for children; they record history and they record life.  In this case, the life of a boy named Pi.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|I just dont understand.  The brothers had this franchise that they could have been a huge contender for best sci fi movie series of all.   But for some reason, they got greedy and went way out of there minds with special FX.  Granted, they are great FX, but that is NOT why I and millions of others loved the first matrix, the FX was a bonus.  The first matrix REALLY made you think.  It made you question life, and was totally origanl from anything that was on film at the time.  For some reason, it went from this vaste world of wonder to : the movie is ganna end in 48 hours, and turns into a war movie.  Its a shame that the first matrix is ruined by these high special FX, low story telling sequals.  The only good part of this film is the Special FX and fights, other than that, if you wanna a mind blowing trip into wonderland, watch the origanl.
6304698690|5.0|The point of the Indian chanting is the sharing of the culture. Which is one of the things I love about this movie. The message is for all the people to see the difference of culture and ACCEPT it. If you have a certain religious belief and don't agree with it. Just think about your opposite: someone who don't believe in your religion and watches something that has its element. For example someone who isn't a Christian watching &quot; the Crucible&quot; how do you think they feel??? the only thing I don't like about this movie is that it didn't win ANY Oscars. This proves the Oscars are sooo ignorant of its visual beauty and music. screw them!!!!
0553571338|3.0|We read the book in school and I think it was a good choice of the teacher. It's not the best book I've ever read but if you like the theme you should read it. There are some boring passages but there are also some exciting ones. All in all the book is interesting for people who like books about such unrealistic themes. I would have expected another ending but it's a good choice by the author to make you think about it and imagine what happens to Jonas and the boy.
B0000DD7LB|1.0|Stay as far away from this pointless, meaningless manufactured garbage as you can. If we all ignore her, eventually she'll go away...
B000089RVX|5.0|this is my favourite album and what prompted me to buy it was the song &quot;my immortal&quot; cause all my friends were raving about &quot;bring me to life&quot; which is very nice but from the moment i heard &quot;my immortal&quot; i knew it was definitely an album to have and i was never disappointed.<br />evanescence is extremely talented and i love the way amy brings each song to life.....looking forward to more of their music....definitely
B00004ZD69|5.0|#1.  The labelings of Godspeed's music breed hypocrisy.  To categorize this as &quot;post-rock,&quot; with Mogwai, Explosions, and Sigur is a heinous crime.  This is not to be labeled by those who are compelled to associate this sound with anything else.<br />  #2.  Human beings are wired so that they appease the desire to associate unfamiliar aesthetics (art/music) with familiar themes.  This music is unbridled, anarchist, and primal cha(eth)os.  It is very clear that these musicians are fed up with corporate America and multi-national corporations.  In a time where multi-lateralizational political and economic policy is supported by both republicans and democrats as a beneficial financial policy for our Nation, GODSPEED stands as a beacon against the established majority of thought.<br />  #3.  Are GY!BE reactionary?  No, they are authentic.  This is a group of artists that believe in their cause, so whole-heartedly that they are willing to write their lyrics on cardboard and live in poverty.  <BR>  <BR>  #4.. MOST IMPORTANTLY:  The music will move you.  The sounds and swells embedded in this CD will conjure that dormant part of yourself that says over and over again, &quot;am I living like everyone else should tell me I am?&quot;  &quot;Do my philosophies reflect that innately inherited into my demographic grouping?&quot; <BR>  THE SPLINTER IN YOUR SIDE THAT SAYS, &quot;IS THERE SO MUCH MORE TO THIS LIFE THAT I AM MISSING BEYOND MYSELF?&quot;<BR>  <BR>&quot;Why do [they] not sleep no the beach anymore?&quot;  (CD 2.)<br />  Be moved.  Listen and ascribe.  Agreement or rebellion, eastern or western philosophy, they are all one.  Find the aesthetic, the emotional and artistic tool that leads to your, and ultimately all of our, 'Master Narrative.'  There is a deep sadness here, even in the unveiling of such.
B0001GWBDM|5.0|There isn't a bad song on it! I would recomend it to everyone! Cow goes Moo!
0446677450|4.0|Kiyosaki wanted to get rich when he was ten. His friend's father taught him and his friend the way of making money work for them. First he did not understand all of it but continued to work and learn. His book explains how the rich acquire their money and how to maintain one's wealth. <BR>Many people do not know that money can work for them and many are afraid of handling or loosing money. They do not know how to save it and do not believe that it is important to know about financial literacy. Therefore they believe that only lucky people get rich and do not try to think about their finances. I thought that it is important to see the difference of how the rich manage their money and how the poor manage theirs. It was interesting that it seems easier to teach children, than adults. Children are still learning and most adults do not consider another opinion or they rather believe warnings than go take risks.
B000001ESJ|5.0|I`ve been a RUSH fan since the band first came out. &quot;Xanadu&quot; is my favorite one on this CD.Also&quot;Cygus X-1&quot; is my second favorite.&quot;Closer To The Heart&quot; STILL hear it on the radio. I love is CD. Alex, Geddy and Neil Peart make ME feel like leasons I allready have learnd.
0960191038|5.0|I have organised a course given by Barbara for my direct reports at a major US computer company.  The course reviews were all above 90%. From a selfish viewpoint, the major benefit was not having to plough through badly written memos, documents or presentations that failed to make any point clearly or concisely. From an organisational viewpoint, my staff learnt how to save huge amounts of time developing documents and presentations, which were also measurably more effective.<BR>I have made this book a standard present to anyone I know who writes or makes presentations during the course of their lives.  Minto'ised documents written by graduate and PhD students, lawyers, marketeers, sales-people, entrepreneurs, etc. are both shorter and much better at conveying their message.  In the meanwhile, their authors save considerable time in getting to a final winning version.<BR>Buy it, understand it and use it for future reference.  The world belongs to people who can communicate their ideas effectively.
B000089RVX|5.0|There's a stir within the music listening public, particularly in regard to the song 'My Immortal' and the experience different people have after hearing the track.  What I have come to experience is that the vast majority of music-goers hear music but rarely listen.  <br />'My Immortal' delves much deeper than its facade.  The critical notations include the song's &quot;bland&quot; tones and the singer's &quot;indiscernable&quot; voice.  With both contentions I disagree strongly.  <br />This is my first encounter with this group, Evanescence, and I believe that this group will go far.  'My Immortal' is nothing less than morose poetry of the common people.  Insisting that there is not a meaning or, claiming that the song is &quot;a typical love song,&quot; misses the mark entirely. To me, these lyrics touch the very center of every love relationship mankind has ever known.  Each of us believes that we are giving to the relationship than we are getting and, truth be told, we are.  'My Immortal' casts the sensitivities of frustration to the side and bares its soul to the cold, painful truth of love and living within love's niche.  <br />In the pedestrian, the singer's voice is fine. She is clear and pleasing to the ear.  The music is composed well and the blend of several genres of musical inclination is brilliantly executed.  <br />If you are searching for an intelligent, well performed music album consider Evanescences' 'Fallen'.
B00002E224|5.0|I came across this movie accidentally while switching through the channels on my cable service. And I love it!!!<br />This is a charming and romantic movie that surprisingly not many people know about (after asking around). I would love to buy this DVD and now that there's a sequel &quot;Before Sunset&quot; coming out soon, how could I miss that! Watch it and you could imagine yourself in the movie and pay attention during your next trip.
B000002U82|5.0|--Genevieve Williams  wrote:<BR>1973 was before the advent of digital recording techniques. <br />Just to set the record straight, this album was digitally recorded in 1973, on digital tape and won a Grammy for Alan Parson for engineering. <br />There are two versions for sale, analog and digital, get the digital version. <br />Truly a classic.<br />'Us and Them' is my fav.<br />This album also adresses many social issues, as do 'Wish You Were Here' and 'The Wall'.<br />They were years ahead of their time with regards to the digital age. I doubt many others were recorded digitally at that time.<BR>z1robbie
B000089RVX|5.0|Out of all the CDs I own (and I have a LOT), this has to be in the top 5. I've had it since &quot;Bring me to life&quot; came out and I've been listening ever since. It's one of the few CDs I have that I can listen to for more than a week without getting sick of it; I even turned my dad and some of his friends onto it.<br />First of all, I am so sick of people saying their music is *dark*. They've been accused of being a Christian band many times (I'm not exactly sure if it's true or not) so if their music really is dark, then why are people saying that?<br />The reason I love this CD is because you get a little bit of everything in it. The sound and all of the songs are original<br />no matter what anyone else says. Some songs are slow such as &quot;Hello&quot; and &quot;My Immortal&quot; and some are more heavy such as &quot;Haunted&quot;, &quot;Bring me to life&quot;, and &quot;Going Under&quot;. Mixing Amy's fantastic voice with opera, rock, etc. they deserve all the hype they get.<br />I've heard Evanescence live, but it wasn't at a concert. I was at Tower Records in Seattle the day after a concert right before they broke out; they played 3 songs and signed some autographs (including mine). If you think her voice is fake, think again. It's far from it. Everything you hear is real; they write their own songs, they make their own music, and if you don't like it, go listen to the wanna-be people who call themselves artists. Ha, I'd like to see them write their own songs!
B00003CX9W|5.0|No other Disney film can top this landmark movie.  The animation is gorgeous and the music only adds to its sophistication and vibrance.  FANTASIA is my favorite Disney movie.  Brilliant, absolutely brilliant!
B000148KK2|1.0|Don't waste your time or money on this CD IF, you loved &quot;The Look Of Love&quot; &amp; &quot;When I Look in Your Eyes.&quot;  Those 2 CD's were tremendous, sensational, &amp; blow away many times over anything that Norah Jones or other similar artists have done.  When you pay $16.99 for a CD, and you don't get what you paid for, you should be able to return it &amp; receive a full refund.  This is why the record industry is in trouble.  I knew when I read that Elvis Costello (her husband- what's up with that??) helped produce this CD it was in BIG big TROUBLE.  Yes it's cute when artists like to explore &amp; try new ideas.  But that's not what their fans pay for.  Oops, i almost forgot, it's not about the fans who make these artists rich.  How true the acronym: &quot;If it 'aint broke, don't fix it.&quot;  Another $16.99+tax down the drain!!  What a waste of time &amp; money.
B00005JM02|5.0|This Pixar-animated film rules...there's no doubt about it.  Children and adults will enjoy this film immensely!  The voices are perfect for each character, and you'll not only find Nemo but your innoncence again in this stellar movie.
B00005OM4N|5.0|This is a great album that I still listen too to this day it has amazing songs and Britney sounds amazing in them for those who luv great POP songs or like great music period check this album out!
B00003CXCD|5.0|~I think there is really no need to introduce or praise this movie. History will tell (has already told) that it is one of the classic in the movie industry that deserves to be collected and viewed again and again. Therefore a superb DVD transfer is on demand. This collector's edition did a great job on remastering the original film to DVD format - crystal clear picture with almost all scratches and noises removed. Play it in your DVD player, you won't believe that you are watching and hearing an~~ age old movie. Both picture and sound are superbly transfered plus all the extra features - this is the best money you can spend on a DVD with the contents for generations to enjoy.~
B0000542D2|5.0|It doesn't matter if you like or dislike the Beatles, 'A Hard Days Night&quot; is still as popular today as it was in 1964. The film itself is used as a model in colleges and universities as a teaching tool and the music continues to excite me each time I hear the soundtrack. This is a tounge-in-cheek commedy/drama of a band on the run from its' fans and I highly recommend it to all age groups.
B0001HAISG|5.0|I believe that some of the critics of Hogan's new film, Peter Pan, likely never read the original literary work by J.M. Barrie.  This film is quite true to the original story, and contains some of the darker bits, which earlier versions had sanitized.<br />This is an exceptional film, with talented actors and beautiful cinematography. I enjoyed the film, my kids loved it both at the Theatre and on DVD.  The DVD has a fair amount of extras and<BR>seems like a good value. Buy this DVD, shelf the old cartoon version and enjoy this one over and over.
0440237688|5.0|I will tell other people about this book I have read and I will tell them about it.I will tell them to read these book because it was a good book and they will like it. And enjoy reading it the book is very good is not that sad to it maybe ofr some poeple but not for me the book was really interesting. I think im going to tell my parents about the book and they will like to.
B0000AQZYM|5.0|Finding Nemo is probably the best kids' movie that I've seen in a while, especially great for those 'in-between' kids at the ages of eight or ten. <br />It's about a sweet little clown fish that gets taken away from his father and world and put in a dentist's office aquarium. His father has to go on this huge journey to save him, and meets all these little sea creatures on the way...<br />But enough about that! What makes Nemo the greatest isn't necessarily the father, Marlin, or the son, Nemo, but all the little supporting characters that know exactly what to say and how to say it. <br />Dory- the blue fish with a memory problem- is hilarious, and so is Bubbles, the yellow tank fish that has a fixation with- you guessed it- bubbles.<br />The graphics are beautiful, as well, and they actually make you seem like you're underwater. Extremely colorful fish and scenery in the beginning, and when you get to the more 'out-there, away-from-fish-civilization' places like the trench, it actually gives you the feeling of danger. <br />I didn't think that it was that physically scary like, say, Spirited Away, or that emotionally scary, like Lilo and Stitch had been, and I think that kids of all ages would love it.
B00005OM4N|5.0|This album has real great catchy songs with classics such as &quot;Cindarella&quot; &quot;Overprotected&quot; and many more great songs!<BR>I highly suggest you pick up this great album if you like great POP catchy tunes with a mix of RnB!
0790734850|3.0|An updated version of a bad B-movie of the 50s, good sets and makeup, hairdos and acting.  It was the story that didn't quite come together and the movie was much much too long.  Lots of blood, violence and over-done police brutality and corruption.  But then, again, the movie was supposed to be a spoof, an artistic 1990s version of popular style with dark overtones.<br />The publicity for this film compares it Pulp Fiction.  If it was, it was a very lame version.  Pulp Fiction moved fast; LA Confidential was slow. Pulp Fiction made me laugh out loud; LA Confidential made me give a wry giggle at some parts.  Pulp Fiction had outrageous characters; LA Confidential had exaggerated characters, but nothing outrageous.<br />I expected (hoped) this film would be better, but it did have some entertainment value.
B00001QEE7|5.0|This is such a great film and it works on so many different levels.  <br />On one level, it reminds me of the universal desire and need for transcendence, to look beyond the confines of our everyday surroundings.  Ariel is a dweller of the underworld, symbolically represented by the sea.  The sea is replete with marvelous treasures and bounteously provides Ariel with all of her material needs.  Indeed, she would never be in want of material possessions because as a princess the whole sea belongs to her.  Even so, she yearns for another world qualitatively different from her own, the world of humans above her.  This need for transcendence is not prompted by any rational instinct, but the common passion to break through the mundane into a brave new world of the extraordinary.  Ariel's aching for transformation and transcendence of the everyday world of the sea is the exact same longing that all people experience whether they aspire on the spiritual level to reach heaven or on a secular level, to revolutionize the world in hopes of achieving a utopia.<br />The transformation that allows Ariel to become a land dweller requires a sacrifice: she must forfeit her voice to the evil sea had, Ursula.  This is excellent symbolism.  Kierkegaard discusses how as finite beings, we can only communicate in finite languages.  For instance, linguistically, our speech is limited by its form: a Frenchman only speaking Franais can communicate no better to a German speaker than he could to a pelican.  But on a deeper level, as humans we can only communicate in the language of logic and reason and yet these systems of communication are painfully limited.  We long to speak a universal, transcendent, divine language, but we fall painfully short; if we could speak the language of the infinite and divine, we would no longer be human because as humans we by definition finite.  If we as finite human beings were instantly transferred to a terrain of the infinite, like heaven, our limited, finite and human means of communication would render us unable to communicate.  With words only, how would you communicate with a transcendent, immaterial being like an angel and how would an angel communicate with you?  In other worlds, like Ariel, we too would be without the ability to communicate, without a voice.  Remembering how our painfully limited and encumbering our means of communication would be if we ever had to communicate with angels helps to enhance our viewing experience by aiding us in imagining Ariel's plight as our own.  <br />What really struck me about this film is that what can bridge the gap between worlds is not the linguistics of a certain spoken dialect, but the language of love and empathy.  Even without a voice, Ariel is able to communicate with Eric the prince through her innate kindness and sympathy.  This film is a marvelous testament to the power of human warmth against the alienation, fragmentation and silence of modern times.
067940581X|5.0|Like all of her novels, Jane Austen's EMMA is essentially a comedy of manners, a work in which the characters move inside a highly restrictive code of conduct and must walk a fine line between the socially acceptable and unacceptable if they are to survive, much less reach their goals.  But at the same time the central character, Emma Woodhouse, is a marked departure.  Not only is she a young woman of considerable wealth and social standing, she is, as critics are fond of pointing out, \\"flawed.\\"<br /><br />The nature of Emma's flaw is essentially Austen's observation of the great failing of the upper-class: an assumption that what they think and do is inevitably correct.  And although Emma is quick-witted, generous, and kind, she suffers the effect of this blind arrogance when she comes to believe that she is gifted as a matchmaker and can order the romantic lives of her circle to suit her own liking.  The result is a series of seriocomic entanglements and disasters that touches virtually every one with whom Emma comes into contact.<br /><br />The story requires considerable exposition, and consequently the action is slow to gather; add to this the fact that Emma herself is so overbearing and self-assured that you frequently want to give her a slap.  The result is a novel that many, including Austen fans, will find an uphill read.  Even so, Austen is writing very close to the peak of her powers here, and her amazing talent for observation, subtle irony, and flashing wit endow EMMA with tremendous charm and interest.  In many respects a remarkable novel, but one that I recommend more to determined Austen fans than to casual readers.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewer
B00004U45G|5.0|Ever wonder what Led Zeppelin would have sounded like if Jimmy had gotten Steve Marriott of Humble Pie(Pie's manager threatened to break Jimmy's fingers)?  In the early days of the Crowes,they were compared to Lynyrd Skynyrd, because of their Southern background.  Ludicrous, to be sure.  Few noticed Chris Robinson's eerie vocal resemblance to Marriott(who spent his last years in the Crowes' hometown of Atlanta,coincidentally).  If you have doubts, listen, for instance, to Pie's classic &quot;30 Days in the Hole&quot;. That being said, this is something of a historic musical &quot;what if&quot;. Jimmy and the Crowes together are a rock'n'roll machine. If you are a Jimmy Page or Crowes fan, you owe it to yourself to own this CD.
B00005OM4N|5.0|This is a great album that I still listen too to this day it has amazing songs and Britney sounds amazing in them for those who luv great POP songs or like great music period check this album out!
B00006AG5N|5.0|The album is great but we saw him in Australia and again last night in Memphis, we had front row seats for $48.50 ea. and for three hours he took our breath away.The 50 Years of Rock n' Roll Aniversary in Memphis is the most exciting time we have ever had and Nate Jaeger is the most dynamic performer alive today.Everything from Blues to Rock to Country and his ROCK N' ROLL REVIEW comes at you like a steamroller!You have to go to his website!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000089J0R|5.0|What an insane album.<br />They are so fast that it was almost like listening to a death metal album! Yes you read me right, this POWER metal band's sound was akin to DEATH metal.  And by that I mean it has that DM &quot;wall of noise sound&quot;.  Plus the drummer was from a DM band so that would explain a thing or two.  But enough about DM I'm talking about Dragonforce here!<br />This album bleeds energy and talent.  The guitarists must have spent time in an loony hospital in another lifetime (maybe even this one) because like I said before they are completely insane.  Solos usually go on for 2 minutes but because of their manic playing it doesn't end up sounding boring in the least.  The drummer is also out there.  I don't believe I've heard this style of drumming on a power metal album before.  There are also some keyboards but they don't really add much.  The vocals are sufficient enough but they could be better.<br />With the exception of a ballad (a not so bad one at that) the album doesn't let up the speed much.  The songs could have ended up all sounding the same but fantastic melodies keep this from happening.<br />Dragonforce are on the verge of becoming THE power metal band of this decade.  If you like hyper fast metal that makes you feel like exploding do yourself a favor and purchase this album.  You will not be dissapointed.
0743454529|5.0|Love how Jodi Picoult goes for the jugular every time, playing with a reader's comfort zone and pushing us to examine situations, up close and personal, such as genetic engineering, euthanasia, suicide, etc. This was a little too close for comfort, seeing as I am about five years out from a bone marrow transplant for APL, the disease that Kate has/had. The general medical info about APL and certain treatments such as DLI were on target but the timing of the treatments were not, therefore I had to suspend some of my personal knowledge and experience as I read the book. (Plus, the success rate for APL is FAR higher than what Picoult tells us.) The disease is just a tool for the larger discussion of medical engineering, children's rights as donors, and how a family evolves with the constant presence of critical illness.<BR>    The subject of Anna's medical emancipation is an ethical quandary that is not going to go away. I know of siblings who were unwilling to give stem cells to their ill brother or sister, for various reasons, and it always stuns me. Anna's reasons seemed far more reasonable -although as we learn of her and Kate's relationship, they  did not ring entirely true. Yet, Anna is 13 and having two teenaged girls, understand that logical reasoning and adolesence do not always mix well :) I do think the mom (Sara) would have had more of a clue how the donor procedures were affecting Anna. Still, Picoult always weaves an interesting story and I loved these characters, with their unique voices. I think this book would generate reading group conversations that would continually surprise the particiipants.
0440237688|5.0|I would  recomend  this book  to other kids because it talks about release and u probably wiil get feelings about this book because there is alot of graphic stuff in this book book i probaly would not  of recomended this book to othes kids   when i first started  reading  this book because I     had to get     used to this book before i recomded thois book  if u do not read this book u are missing out on the grest adventure in this book if u really like  this book u would like to buy the seqaul that just  come out in april the &quot;messanger&quot;
B00005OM4N|5.0|Britney is absolutly &quot;bombastic.&quot; This is truley one of Britney's better albums, and all of the songs are wonderful to listen too. This is Britney's 1st album that doesn't depend on 2 or 3 singles, instead it is &quot;complete.&quot; Since her previous releases, her voice has matured, but she still has that sound that made her a star. In my opinion, she has that kind of voice that's nice too listen to, because she doesn't belt out the notes, instead she sings her songs naturally and in a calming sort of way. My favourite songs on this album are &quot;I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman&quot;, &quot;Let Me Be&quot;,&quot;Bombastic Love&quot;,and &quot;Boys&quot;. However, their all great songs. <br />If you love this album, than you should get Britney's latest release &quot;In The Zone.&quot; It's even better then &quot;Britney&quot;, and shows how much she has matured over the past year. Also, this album truley expresses Britney's talent to date, and what she is capable of doing, and in the end Britney always comes out on top, even if her records didn't sell the &quot;expected amount.&quot;
0380789035|3.0|When I began reading this book, the premise seemed promising; I thought this would be a real page-turner. A man finds himself in the midst of a battle between old gods long forgotten and new gods. Whoa! Seemed like heavy stuff. The narrative is good. Shadow's whimsical sarcastic sense of humor had me laughing out loud at times (most memorable was the scene where he meets the raven). The book reminded me of Clive Barker's early fantastique novels (Weaveworld, Great and Secret Show, Imajica) where ordinary people became embroiled in matters involving other worlds. The problem with American Gods was there really was no plot so much as a pattern: 1.) Hear about the upcoming storm 2.) Move to a new location 3.) Hide 4.) Get discovered. 5.) Repeat.<br />So, along the way, we meet interesting characters (human and non-human), but nothing happens to propel the story forward. The only reason that I didn't quit the book early is because Shadow is a likable character and you do want to know how certain relationships end, if they do at all.<br />3/4's of the way, Gaiman finally writes &quot;And so the storm began.&quot;  I won't say anything about the storm, other than &quot;That's it!?&quot; But Mr. Gaiman could have turned a great premise into a cool book
B0001YFPL4|5.0|OK, here we go, I've loved Anastacia from the getgo, when I heard \\"I'm Outta Love\\" back in 2000, and I've been blown away by THAT VOICE!!  When she first started out, people were saying she was like a weaker Taylor Dayne, but I've always disagreed, saying she is edgier and more unique, and I've stuck by that view.  I like the way Anastacia is evolving, from an R+B/dance/pop diva...through to a Europop/soul singer/songwriter with a bit of rock...NOW emphasizing the ROCK, while retaining her soulful vocal approach and strong songwriting, dropping the commercial dance/R+B trappings...<br />PLUS, Anastacia is brave, bare, and daring in her lyrics here, digging deep and exposing her struggles with having breast cancer...transforming what would normally be an edgy rock/pop set into pure art.  Lyrically, she has more in common with Annie Lennox and Alanis Morissette than your typical R+B divas.  Anastacia exudes pure strength here, and for that, she gets full respect from me.<br />Now, musically, on this self-titled set, Ms Newkirk has REALLY found her own sound and true calling...she calls it \\"sprock\\", an amalgam of soul, pop and rock, and I agree.  I would call it that, sort of, because it emphasized the ROCK portion, and yeppers, she DOES rock, in a HEAVY way, with noisy, jagged riffs and ballsy performances, but she doesn't sacrifice pop hooks or excellent songwriting chops...she actually IMPROVES on her way with hooks here!!  As a matter of fact, my first reaction on set opener \\"Seasons Change\\"??  LISA DALBELLO!!!  \\"Anastacia\\" is like a better, more tuneful version of Lisa Dalbello's last album, 1996's \\"Whore\\", from the arrangements, vocal approach, strength, and lyrical touches here and there, like on \\"Pretty Little Dum Dum\\", the opening resembling \\"Deep Dark Hole\\" and lyrical reference to the number 11, where Lisa has a song on \\"Whore\\" called \\"Eleven\\".  Strange, interesting and coincidental, and I LOVE it!!<br />Since this album totally ROCKS, and it has killer collaborations with Dave Stewart (Eurythmics), Glen Ballard, John Shanks, Sonny from POD, Dallas Austin, and her usual posse of Ric Wake and Richie Jones (no sign of Sam Watters + Louis Biancanello ANYWHERE on this album, good or bad depending on your taste), I am DYING to see Anastacia TOUR behind this album, I NEED to see her live, now that she emphasizes her \\"inner rock chick\\"!!!<br />Oh, on the \\"Left Outside Alone\\" single (AWESOME song, one of the best singles of the year, as is the album), the B-side \\"Get Ready\\" kicks [back]too, it's a killer funk rocker that is really raw and bluesy, incredible!!  Another fave is \\"Welcome To My Truth\\"...amazing writing...as is all 12 songs, period...<br />Oh, and this limited edition has a nice slipcase, sexy poster (I emphasize the artiste Anstacia is, but really, she is also a beautiful woman, drop dead gorgeous!!), and a great DVD which enables you to get inside the album, the way it was recorded, her 2002 European tour, and inside Anastacia's head, to see what makes her tick as an artist, and it shows her battle with breast cancer which is both heartbreaking and inspiring.<br />Essential...period...the defense rests...nothing more I can say to emphasize how much you need to hear this disc and buy this limited package...
0451527046|4.0|No doubt Treasure Island is one of the greatest adventure stories of all time, though in my opinion, many readers (especially kids) will have difficulty with the archaic language. My son (12 yrs) had a very tough time understanding the text at times, forcing him to reread many passages. If you are looking for a fun pirate adventure story, but prefer a more readable book, I would recommend an interesting new adaption of Treasure Island, called Wave Hunters, by Chris Lacy. It is basically the same story as Treasure Island, only it takes place in the present day amongst a group of surfers in Indonesia. My son couldn't put it down!
0446677450|5.0|I wrote this to a friend:<BR> Hi Bill! I've read this book in Russian. Don't remember if I told you about it. It's so motivational! It gives you power to do what you want to do.<BR> Also this book helps you understand what is going on in your life financially.<BR> Looking back I realize what is genius. It is simply \\"max result with least effort\\". This guy writes about this regarding finances.<BR> I'll say it again -- it was very motivational for me. I mean it made me want to make things in my life. Also it's great for raising kids.<BR> Anyway, maybe you already read it... He has whole bunch of books on those subjects.<BR> I am also intrigued by his Cashflow game.<BR> Also liked his book on organizing oneself \\"Use your asset #1\\" or something...<BR> Anyway, a great book. Must be in every home!
B00006879E|5.0|Like a good coffee or a good painting, this album is seamlessly blended. From funky singles like \\"Harder to Breathe\\" to the vocally challenging \\"Tangled\\", which sounds like it has subtle shades of classical flavor to it, to the jazzy \\"Sunday Morning\\" featuring piano and sax, it manages to be simultaneously modern and hip, while maintaining a certain timelessness by tipping a hat to old musical genres. It samples and mixes many different kinds of music while retaining one unique style throughout, making for a pop album that's sweet without making you gag.<br />Lead singer Adam Levin's voice is flexible, stylish and sort of sexy, and the lyrics sprinkled with sexual references, from the subtlest innuendo to the blatantly scarlet. The songs are about women and relationships at their best and worst, their charm and their mystery. There may be a Jane out there somewhere with an album about her, but it's more likely that \\"Jane\\" is all the different women in his life, each with a song about her unique situation. Every song is catchy, each with a great melody in its own right, and very enjoyable to listen to. It's one of those rare CDs where you never find yourself skipping past a song you don't like.
B00014TQ7S|5.0|one mans opinion... one opinion that is really off lol... this CD is refreshing in a very good way.   Hot Hot Heat's singer is far too annoying I dont see the comparison at all.. these guys are much better songwriters.   <br />Anyways,  highly recommend this one.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|Scarlett Johansson is definitely the cutest girl in the world, which is what saved this movie. The plot was sort of strange, it's one of those &quot;artsy&quot; movies, but to me, any movie with Johansson in it is worth seeing.
B00005U11Z|5.0|I've bought this DVD because like everyone else, I'm a huge Journey fan.  I just want to thank Steve and Deen for stepping in to continue the Journey.  Steve is amazing with the audience and interacts with them beautifully.  Deen is phenomenal on the drums and Neal, Ross and Jonathan are sounding better than ever.  The quality of this DVD is outstanding and since I have received this DVD, which was just over a week ago, I probably have watched it a dozen times.  This DVD is one that will never leave my DVD player.  Can't wait until they come out with another DVD with more of their new music on it.  Highly recommend this DVD!
B00005JMSE|4.0|It's hard to make a film believable. But in this film it's hard not to suspend your disbaliefs Perlman makes you believe that something or someone like Hellboy could exist.<br />Selma Blair plays an excelent example of why we don't want to be born with any powers!<br />If your into high flying action and a cigar smoking hero with a really big gun. This movie is for you
B000002UAF|5.0|With the notable exceptions of The Hollies` Allan Clarke, Jackie Lomax, Ray Ennis of the Swinging Blue Jeans and one or two others, no-one of the other 60s group singers had that thrill in the voice that Lennon had (which, to my mind, makes so much of his later solo efforts such a comparative anti-climax) as exemplified here in spades on Tell Me Why, Any Time at All and the title song. He`s singing with every cell in his body, each pore, from head to toe...no wonder the Fabs felt the need to go `Whooo` every now and then!<BR>This has always been my favourite Beatles album - the oft-underrated Beatles For Sale coming second. It`s perfect pop, and they all sound like they`re just glad to be alive! <BR>I rate it way above Sgt Pepper, and light years above the `White Album` or Abbey Road. It`s from the same era as I Feel Fine - for me the most joyful, poignant pop song of its time.
B00008CLOA|5.0|I just recently got into Pink Floyd and all I can say is that album is a new experience every time.  Combined with the fact that it perfectly matches The Wizard of Oz, I would have to say that this is the best album of all time.  If you have never tested &quot;the dark side of oz&quot;, there are many websites that explain when to start the album, etc... You won't be disappointed.
B00004ZDVQ|5.0|This album features the best of Stevie Wonder from 1972 to 1982.  Need I say more?
014100018X|3.0|I thought the book Chocolat was great and I enjoyed reading it.  It was definitely a change of pace from all other books I have read in school which made it that much more enjoyable. I think that it was a good decision for Joanne Harris to have the book set up in journal entries by both Vianne and Reynaud because it allowed us to see both of their points of view instead of only one perspective throughout the entire novel. <BR>    I thought the details in the book were amazing especially about the chocolates because most of the time I could almost taste the chocolates in my mouth as I was reading it.<BR>    Vianne Rocher was a very admirable character in this novel.  She demonstrated the strengths of a woman and the courage to stand up against a society for your beliefs.  She remained strong even when she became pregnant and when Roux left her for Josephine. I think that she was portrayed very well in the  novel.
B00006879E|5.0|I had been checking out Maroon 5 for a minute and was between buying USHER's &quot; Confessions&quot; and Maroon 5's album, &quot; songs about jane&quot;. I took a chance on them, cause i am an african amercian female, who normally doesn't really like rock, but something was different about them. i took it home blasted it on my bose system, an by the end of the album i was a fan, hook, line and sinker. bottom line, these guys are friggin amazing! their music is so unique , it is funky , makes you wanna get dirrty, and then other songs like sunday morning are written so fantastically by the guys that you can almost feel the sun burning on your neck, or see the &quot; fresh dirt under your fingernails&quot; <BR>MAROON 5- BIG KUDOS TO YOU! YOU ARE EXCEPTIONALLY TALENTED! I ABSOLUTELY ADORE THIS MUSIC! I AM LISTENING TO YOU ALL RIGHT NOW!<BR>P.S. ADAM IS AN AMAZING SONGWRITER. I CAN FEEL EVERY SINGLE WORD YOU SAY! MAROON 5 IS THE NEXT BIG THING!
B00008H2LB|3.0|It's a step down from hybrid theory but still good.Songs to check out-Faint,Figure.09,From the Inside, and Numb(the best song on this album).
0792164903|5.0|Though very different from its roots, this Sleepy Hollow is the ultimate telling of Irving's tale.This is definatly one of the best directed horror films of all time. The backdrop pays justice to such gothic movies as THE CABINET OF DR. CALIGARI and NOSFERATU.<BR>   The uptight yet dashing Ichabod Crane is sent to a small town on the eastern side of the Hudson called Sleepy Hollow. Once you see the town, you are disturbed by the quietness. There is not a sound except for two sheep and one shutting window.Johnny Depp(who plays Crane superbly)looks scared.<BR>   He stays at the Van Tassel estate where he meets the richest family in Sleepy Hollow.Katrina Van Tassel(played exceptionally by Christina Ricci)becomes interested in Ichabod as does he to her. Baltus Van Tassel tells the tale of the Headless Horseman to Ichabod, a Hessian soldier who fought for carnage with his piercing eyes and teeth(when I say piercing, I mean piercing.)Of course Ichabod doesn't believe but eventually he does.Keep a sharp eye out for his atopsy instuments.It turns out, though, that Lady Van Tassel's(played deviously by Miranda Richardson)white clothes have a splash of jet black in them.<BR>   The scenery with its blue filter is amazing.The woods is presented in a quiet and suspenceful fashion.Watch out for the scene in the Crone's cave.It is the scariest scene in the whole film.The music's performance is hauntingly beautiful. Danny Elfman has made the perfect horror score(I've got the CD.)<BR>   Besides the high rate of gore, this certainly a wonderful film. To any who complain that it strays too far away from the original text, I have two things to say. One, it is a new kind of Sleepy Hollow that holds true to everything except the plot. Two, ignore the different storyline and look at how wonderfully this film was put together by Tim Burton.
0440237688|5.0|This book is so great becaue of the way show it is the way it was back then and and know I think the way back there was very mean and then in hear it was very mean and the way it was , it was very mean so know.    <BR>  If you where to kill some one and there will not care but if you kill some one in know it will put you in a bad way for the way.
B0000C1733|4.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers are among the greatest bands of the last 20 years, perhaps topped only topped by Nirvana and AC/DC with Brian Johnson(Bon Scott died in 79, it doesnt count), so obviously it will get all sorts of followings, casual listeners who want to listen to some of the Red Hot Chili Peppers songs without having to buy all of the CD's and hardcore fans who burn their own greatest hits collection.  I recommend this CD to the former, and I am ranking it thusly.  It had RHCP's better songs which will wholly satisfy a casual fan.  Hardcore fans, if you havent already picked this one up, I suggest you stay that way because I would give this two stars in the perspective of bigger fans.  Overall this is a CD meant for casual fans to enjoy, while more hardcore fans should stick with the albums or a burn of their greatest hits.
B00008S2VG|4.0|ok well in mi opinion this is madonna's one of her best albums to date (the best one has to be Erotica) and well i have to say that i really loved the first single A L  , and of course the original version of the video is her best one to date. it's sush a shame that M decide to pull out the video. anyways this album really fulfills all my expectations cause i didn't had clear what was the direction of this album.<br />1. American Life &gt; Lead single. excellent track 10/10<br />2. Hollywood &gt; 2nd single, too bad it didn't entered  the billboard hot 100 9/10<br />3. I'm so stupid &gt; good song i have nothing 2 say about it 9/10<br />4. Love Profusion &gt; EXCELLENT song, this one was supposed to be the second single instead of Hollywood, L P was a better pick to save the album on the charts.<br />5. Nobody Knows me &gt; Excellent beat track check out the remixes on the Nothing Fails Maxi CD, the best one is the Peter Rauhofer mix (track no. 8) 10/10<br />6. Nothing Fails &gt; excellent ballad, very simple on the music, deep words, it seems that Madge was showing her love on the words of this one and in Love Profusion too. 10/10<br />7. Intervention &gt; Not really one of my favs , but it leaves you thinkin ???? 7/10<br />8. Static Process &gt; this song tries to put you in a trance in some ways 7/10<br />9. Mother and Father &gt; good song Madonna revisits her childhood on this track on the vocals and on the end it sounds like a crying type of thing 10/10<br />10. Die Another Day &gt; the only top ten hit (no 8 on the billboard hot 100) from madonna on the last 3 years. good song the clappin makes it different from the rest 10/10<br />11. Easy ride &gt; i think i have never listen to this one just a 15 sec on the beggining so i cant rate it ?/10....<br />overall it's an excellent album,i didn'y gave the 5 stars cause for the banning of the Video American Life if madonna didn;t took that desition things (or sales) would been completely different. dont expect dance tracks, from MUSIC kind of type, do expect a new different Madonna as always................from MUSIC kind of type, do expect a new different Madonna as always................
B00003CXCT|2.0|Like every fan of Star Wars, I was excited to see that the original trilogy was finally coming out on DVD. At last I thought we would be able to see a box set that would have met the expectations that the orginial trilogy deserved. My God! just alone,episode IV, A New Hope, deserves better. This is the episode that made Lucas his money and fame.  The features that I would have put into this set would have been the original and special edition versions, (so the fans could make their choice of what they wanted to watch), the makings of all three of the trilogies, the deleted scenes from the cutting room floor and given you the option to intergrate them back into the movie so you could see how they would have added to or detracted from the movie, screen test that you have to hunt for on the internet, all the original theatrical and special edition trailers, the original story boards artwork, etc., interviews from then and now of the cast and crew (this does not mean Lucas sitting in front of a camera for 30 minutes boasting about himself). Yes he did do a great job, but could not have done any of it without the talent and support of  people you rarely ever see.  I know why Lucas did not put the original version on this set.  It is a marketing ploy so he can re-release the original version of the trilogy for the 30th anniversary.  He is only listening to the voices in his head,  instead of the creative driving forces that made it great prior to the prequels.  To him it's not \\"may the force be with you\\" but \\"may the MONEY be with him\\"!!! To all the true fans such as myself,  I wish he had done better for us.
0440237688|5.0|I really enjoyed the book and would most defectaly reasd it again!<BR> Id recamend this book to people becasue it really makes you think. Its a bvery good book to see everything different and similar about ou lifes and how the poeples lives are run in the books. And it teaches you so many different things. I liked this book because it made me always wanted to klnow what happend int he next chapter. Because I hadso many questions through the book and got them all answerd or most of them answerd by the end of the book...Because I knew and understood everyhting I wanted to. And I relized things that the book was trying to tell me.
B00008J4P5|4.0|Just a few things that struck me about peoples opinions on this album and even moreso on the minimalist rock craze...<br />A lot of people sure do bellyache about the lack of musical talent Jack and Meg have but seldom do they discuss the actual songwriting itself. Sure it may be easy to play Seven Nation Army on guitar but could you write it? If as many people could invent Stripes songs as could play them, then why arent there more people making millions and gaining international recognition rather than writing customer reviews? <br />Others claim a 2D sound, which I agree with if what they mean (and seem to suggest) is that there is an obvious lack of everything except a guitar and a drumset. However, one thing that has always amazed me about the stripes is that their sound is larger than their ensemble would suggest based on appearance. On some songs, Jack out-rocks (if that's even a word) entire, so-called rock bands.<br />Usually, I am not a huge fan of these new minimalist groups but the stripes are an exception. They are unique, not in how they play their intruments or how many are in their band but, most of all, it's how they use them.
080726203X|5.0|THE GIVER<BR>I would give the GIVER 5 stars because it has Vary Vary Good description. This book keep's thinking alot like a movie wher you don't know what is going to happen next.And  you can't stop reading because the book is so good and you have to know what is going next.<BR>              <BR>                                 GET THIS BOOK NOW!!!!
B0000TB01Y|1.0|Good book.<BR>Good singers.<BR>Bad show.<BR>Read the book.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Tarantino again creates a movie that is baffling, engaging, revolting, confusing, meandering and forcefully driving, all in one film and often at the same time.  <br />Uma Therman's character, known simply as \\"The Bride\\" is out to avenge the murders committed at her wedding by her former DiVAS associates (Deadly Viper Assassination Squad).  She is will, purpose and revenge incarnate, allowing her superhuman abilities meant to mirror traditional Asian superheroes.  Think of the girl in \\"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon\\" but instead of just beating people up, she tears them to shreds.  Lots of blood and body parts.  Her purpose is to avenge, and that's just what she does.  <br />She avenges.<br />That's really what the movie is all about.<br />Now, the real impact of a Tarantino movie is that you simply don't know what will happen next.  Will the Great Hattori Hanzo, renowned-swordmaker-turned-sushi chef, make us laugh or wind up splattered on the floor?  Or both?  What's the deal with Go-Go, the 17 year old bodyguard who's unbelievably hot and utterly vicious?  And what is the meaning of that wry smile on Lucy Lui, who is like a tigress in her killing and control.<br />Kill Bill is intelligent, well-crafted, insightful moviemaking, which is surprising for such a cheesy concept.  It will not \\"blow you away\\" the same way Pulp Fiction did the first time you saw it, but it IS classic Tarantino.  Whether or not that is a compliment or a deal-breaker is clearly an individual choice.
B000002WPI|5.0|Where there is monotony and 2-D artists there will be the 4-D ingeniuty that break way from false contract images and dead end lyrics. This is the highest most praised and the utmost ultimate example of this. At the time of the early 90's rap had got too happy. With gold chains and laceless adidas sneakers putting smmiles on the world's faces, the rap artists had forgotten their roots where there was discrimination, random assaults and always the s%! end of the stick in life. Where rap was the only exhalation in the suffocating enviroment of urban life. It seemed that the west coast picked up on this before the east, Ice Cube, Dre,2pac, Snoop, warren g and death row were dominating the rap scene with all the ferocity,originality and gangsta assertiveness that the rap audience hungered for. The east coast were dying although the quiet few were steadily rising e.g. nas, black moon they did nt reach the worldwide platinum sales the west coast had achieved, yet.....<br />'93: Rza, Gza, ODB, Meth, Rebel INS, U-God, Raekwon the Chef, Masta Killa and Ghostface Killah spelled earth shattering rap for the nation. THE group that would balance the scale of the West-East rap game. THE music that would bring forth legions of cult rap fans spewing forth highly intelligent hords of lyrics to backslap the commercial scene to h--l. <BR>How did they do it. I would have to say they are truly genius artists. To further define this there system of kung-fu cuts, grimy stringz and piano keys and pulsating basslines would lay the foundations of how the new rap music was to be created. Unformulaic and different, when I first listened to it I was like &quot;What the F%$ is this?&quot; After the 2nd listen the music consumed me, I fell into the wing chun nun chuck swingning beats and indulged in something highly original. It's just the way the whole thing is composed, it sounds as if it was created in someones bedroom under the influence of genetically enhanced drugs and a truckload of malt liquor. But it all links, the distorted backing tracks contrast with the terrifying battle raps, the martial arts cuts sluice the liquified quiet piano riffs and morphed strings e.g. Bring Da Ruckus, Wu tang clan aint nuthin to f wit. This all drags the listener further into the teachings of the 36 chambers beacuse everyone wanted something different and the WU were delivering it in truck loads. <br />I aint got nuttin else to say except every artists were at they top game on this album, they were all starving so they had to put their heart and soul into this. It shows so much check C.R.E.A.M. where Rae and Deck bare their souls on life. And Protect Ya neck, without a doubt the best song on the album, HIgh voltage ryhmes and pure KUNGFUISM. This is the first album of Wu u should buy, believe me. DISGUSTING.<br />Rap never knew what hit it when the hooded swordsmen hit the streets with ENTER THE WU TANG: 36 CHAMBERS. If you need refreshment from bling bling, mercedes benz and gun toting strip club lovin' retards then<BR> pick this megaton up real quick and filter out your grimed out earz with a new type of grime....<br />Fave songz: 4th Chamber, Protect ya neck, C.R.E.A.M., and Tearz.<br />I finish as usual with some words from the artists. The wise high exhalted Raekwon &quot;.... The wu the WU got suttin that I know everyone wanta hear coz i know i bin waitin to hear, but straight up and now till we gotta go we gonna keep goin....&quot;<br />Keep the Wu-Tang Dynasty alive my people and keep HIP HOP.
B0000A98ZP|5.0|What do a jock, a princess,a basketcase,a nerd,and a criminal have in common?Why absolutely nothing,of course,but they can still have a life experience when they meet each other,right?Sure,it sounds stupid,but John Hughes can change your mind with this '80's classic.All things aside,all the actors give their best performances since...well,since ever!Molly Ringwald gives a great performance as a bittersweet daddy's girl(the princess),Emilio Estevez is phenomenal as the football player who is overpushed by his dad(the jock),Anthony Michael Hall is hilarious,as usual(the nerd),Judd Nelson probably does the best acting out of the bunch(the criminal),and everyone I know loves the basketcase(Alison Sweeney).And,the villain of the movie(the principal),is great as the (...) who's sick of his job.The greatness of this movie,though,is the perfect balancing of comedy and drama in here.I mean,all these students come in here,thinking they are never going to survive with these  \\"less important\\" groups in their way,but come out being best friends after hours of crying and letting out stuff they needed to let out a long time ago;it's amazing how much the jock,the princess,the basketcase(who later changes into a pretty girl),the nerd,and the criminal change throughout the whole movie.And the criminal is maybe the best one in the whole movie,showing that \\"hoodlums\\"(as people call them)hurt,too,and are not just doing bad things for a good time,which really needed to be showcased at that time period.<br />Flaws:One of the outcomes are really shallow(Emilio Estevez's character all of a sudden falling in love with Alison Sweeney's characters after she pretties herself up),and this is really only intended for people who were teens in the '80's and later.Oh,and the film is EXTREMELY easy to make fun of,which may not really be a flaw after all.<br />The Verdict:A teen classic that is in most young people's \\"Top Ten Favorite Films\\" lists.<br />Recommended:Yes
0618526412|4.0|This is a book is a wonderful read. The story is relative to today, even though the time period she wrote it was in the 1930s. The characters are believable, emotional people. I highly recommend this book.
6305736650|5.0|3 Oscars,2 Legends Made,and 62 years later,Casblanca is still a flawless classic and is still a favorite for every generation.I can't begin to explain how amazing this movie is,but I'll just start with Ingrid Bergman and the great Humphrey Bogart.These two give the greatest of their careers and quite possibly have the best chemistry of all time.One can even sense real love for each other.This is simply a tale of two separated lovers meeting again,and much more.The supporting cast does many great performances as well(Captain Renault is a favorite among people I know),and the screenplay contains more legendary quotes than all the presidents and Gone With The Wind combined.<br />The Verdict:I know this review was pretty short,but there's nothing else to say except for one thing:It's A Classic!<br />Recommended:Yes
B000002J2F|5.0|This is not the prog Genesis of the early years, witch is awesome too, but so what?? This is at least awesome music made by awesome artists, musicians and composers! I get through tears every time I listen to MAN OF OUR TIMES! Really beautiful song!! The whole album is a winner! From the prog intro of three songs set until the final acts with DUKE'S TRAVELS and DUKE'S END. It really remembers the early Genesis with a real good and discreet pop touch. I think this approaches to something like Foxtrot, of the early era. Buy it, you won't regret!
0385335482|3.0|This book is good for when you're upset and depressed and don't want to think about anything, because the protagonist of this story is a shopaholic- irresponsible, carefree, and funny; which is what we all want to be!<br />It is also a good rationalization and cathartic for why we spend so much money on expensive, unneccessary things.
B0000009SM|5.0|There are so many great FZ albums.  This counts as one of my three favorites, the other two being Hot Rats and Joe's Garage.  OSFA is a very interesting collection of songs that have nothing to do with each other (except for the sofas of course) but all fit together well to make a classic album.  Inca Roads' guitar solo is one of my faves from FZ.  Pojamma people is awesome, pure brilliance with another killer solo by FZ.  I have to say San Berdino is one of my favorite FZ songs of all time.  I can't recall anything else in the FZ library that is simalar to this song.  It really stands out.  The lyrics are very funny and the guitars rule.  You gotta listen to this song with headphones as loud as you can stand.  Those guitars will melt your eardrums.  I also love the Sofa #1 and #2.  Musical poetry.  Get this disc.  You need it, trust me.
0316666343|2.0|I haven't finished the book. It is quite depressing, but on a deeper level, I think that the book just doesn't seem realistic to me at all. I can't grasp anything the book was talking about and I just want to finish the book quickly out of irritation rather than because it was fun.
B000003TA4|5.0|I thought I didn't like rock music. To me, Prodigy had more energy. Then, one day, a friend told me to try this. Of course I had heard about Nirvana, the guy who killed himself and so on, but never heard IT. At first listen, it felt a bit strange but still good. So that's what they call rock?!<BR>At second listen, I really got into it. The big question to me was: Will it get boring after a few more listens? NO. Each time I listened to it, it got better. The difference between this and computer-made music is that this isn't perfect. It's a dirty sound. But it really feels true. Excellent, pure sound. Nirvana. In my opinion, 1star reviewers are just jealous because they can't understand (I can't either) how it can be possible to create something as perfect with such a simple guitar line, and somewhat repetitive lyrics. I think it's like those Russian gymnasts you see on TV during the Olympic Games: it looks so easy when THEY do it.<BR>The point of this review: even if rock isn't the music you listened to until now, even if you thought Nirvana was just for the average teenage skateboarder, give it a try, it would be sad if you missed this experience.
B00008S2VG|5.0|Hey, Im disappointed, someone said that she isnt gonna perform Love Profusion on the tour.<br />For me Die Another Day is one of her best songs ever, and its gonna be performed in a tango mood ;-)))))))<br />Cant wait to see her maybe closing the show with easy Ride.<br />The best songs here are Love Profusion, Easy Ride, Nothing Fails, Die Another Day and American Life.<br />The best maxi-single is of course Hollywood, precious remixes.
0440237688|4.0|Would I recomend this book to other's? The answer is Yes.I would recomend this book to people because, maybe it would teach them that the world is not perfect.I really do think it would.Some childeren have learned that everyone and ecerything is perfect.They need a HUGGE reality check.Its not right for parents to tell there kids that it is and always will be perfect.Thats why I would recomend this book to others.
B00005AQF7|4.0|The first time I heard this I did not know who Snoop Dogg was. I thought it sounded more like R&amp;B than rap. I like this whole album how he has merged the styles of R&amp;B and rap into his own sound. Parents should definitely heed the explicit lyrics warning.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|This was my valentine's gift...and it was well worth the wait!!!   If you're a true GG fan, this is a must have.  I can't wait for the other seasons to come!!!!!
B00006BTCA|5.0|I agree with John Evans of Oregon, this is the sort of music that evokes desolate, rain-soaked landscapes. The kind of music that makes you feel like you're in a ultralight gliding over the wind-swept moors of Yorkshire or driving through Utah in the winter. There's something elemental about it.<br />In short, it evokes the same feelings that old Big Country, Clan of Xymox, and New Model Army have. And that's why I love it.<br />I have no pretentions about whether or not this is &quot;good&quot; music, or whether Interpol is going to save rock and roll. I don't really care. For me it's about the music, and the music moves me. That's why I give it 5 stars.
B00005YUNY|5.0|As compared with older DVD's such as Yessongs, the sound quality of this recording is very very good.  Rick Wakeman is missed, but Brislin fills in nicely, with some added vocals.  Anderson's voice is as strong as ever, Squire is active and entertaining, and White is obviously skilled on drums.  The orchestra is a very nice touch, especially on the longer pieces such as Close to the Edge and Gates of Delirium.<br />Steve Howe is just amazing... his solo on Starship Trooper is awe-inspiring, and the pedal-steel is a very nice touch.  (What's with that guitar with no head stock?)<br />Overall, very entertaining film.  See them live... they're just so good.
B0001LNN5W|5.0|If you like \\"my band\\", you will surely enjoy the rest of the songs on \\"d12 world\\" they are much better than \\"my ban\\".  \\"40 oz\\" is going into the good direction. But my favourites are \\"get my gun\\" and \\"Bitch\\".  Two very, very, very good songs. Maybe the best songs Eminem ever sang.<BR>If you are a fan of Eminem, you will also enjoy listening to \\"How come\\", a true Eminem story about Kim.  <BR>Fans of Bizarre will like \\"Bitch\\" as well and \\"Just like U\\", because those are the two songs Bizarre is the best in.  His lyrics are just amazing.  <BR>And even fans of Cypress Hill will be satisfied because there is a very good song with B-real, \\"american psycho II\\".<br />So there are just two words left for me to say: BUY IT !!!!!
B00006690G|2.0|after coming out with the great 'marshall mathers lp', eminem didnt even come close with this one. his lyrics dont seem to flow and the songs just dont seem right. even his voice has become annoying. it sounds higher and forced. i loved the mathers lp.. this was a big disappointment.
B00018D44U|5.0|I just want to say that from her first recording (Come Away With Me )I have been entranced by her voice. I am able to touch my own emotions when I listen to her music. I am very suprised by the negative reviews she has been given. I absolutely love her!
0440237688|4.0|The Giver<br />The best part of the giver was when the giver gaveJonas the memories to remember all the things that happen.<BR>              The part of the book was whenJonas father killed the young child that was in a difforent community thats why i gave it a 4 stars.<BR>           The other good part of it was at the start Jonas had a memory of him on a hill with a sled and he fell down and hurt himself and at the end Jonas and Gab and him saw the sled at the top of a hill.
B00007G207|5.0|This isn't the greatest movie ever made.  The film-making technique isn't groundbreaking.  It traffics in many cliches.  The acting isn't always first rate.  For an American audience, there is no real star power.  It's in a foreign language (possibly, seemingly more than one) with English subtitles.  Nevertheless, I absolutely love this movie.  What's more, is that every single one of the people who I've recommended this to, people who have NEVER watched a foreign film with or without subtitles, have ended up really enjoying it as well.  The bottom line is that it is a wonderful story, and you'll love it.
0440237688|4.0|I would rcomand the giver to almost anybody because it is a good book and I like it alot it is a very good book! It is one of the best books i've ever read. There  are some sad parts and some happy parts. This is the only book in class i've ever paid attention to.I only give it a four because some of the end didnt make sence because  it just leaves you hangin. I think  you can only read this book if you know how to understand it.Unless theres another part to this story then there was no point of writing most of this.So this is my review of the Giver! I hope you like the story if you evre get a chance to read.Wich you should!
0060930187|4.0|Annotation: Sylvia Plath writes an amazing story about a young teen named Esther Greenwood. Esther goes through mental breakdowns and Sylvia Plath makes sure you know every detail. She bases this book on her rel life experiences and everything she goes through. This is an emotional story that will pull you in and make you not want to put your book down.<BR>Author Bio: Sylvia Plath was born in Boston on October 27th, 1932. She attended Smith College on a scholarship, and in 1952 won a Mademoiselle short story contest, which allowed her to work as a guest editor in New York. When she came back she tried committing suicide and ending up in an institution for a while. After she got out of the institution, she went to finish college at Smith and then went to Cambridge after that. She ended up meeting a poet named Ted Hughes. They ended up moving to the United States. She wrote her first book of poetry called The Colossus and Other Poems in 1960. Shortly after in 1963 she published The Bell Jar and a month later committed suicide.<BR>Evaluation: This book is a very good book and I would recommend it to any young teen and older. Sylvia Plath had made this story relating to real life experiences and to be able to read about it is very interesting. My friend had been reading it and it sounded good so I picked it up and couldn't put it down. It started off a little slow but ended up being interesting for the rest of the story.
B000001F9N|5.0|I remember as a young teenager going to the main \\"RECORD STORE\\" and purchasing this vinyl. Well \\"RECORD STORES\\" have since become a thing of the past and vinyl is now only rarely used as a backyard table cloth. However, this CD musically holds up after numerous decades and fads have long faded away. LOVE TRILOGY demonstrates to music critics how strong the disco format could become when placed in the competent hands of musical geniuses; Producers (Bellote and Moroder) and artist (Donna Summer). The CD is short in length but the producer and the artistry behind the tracks are worth the price of purchasing the CD. It is a must have for any serious 1970s collector as well as any Disco library. It represents a period of 70s music when chart success attempted to bridge concept albums and top 40 radio.
B00009XITP|2.0|When Henry Dashwood (Colin Firth) and Libby Reynolds (Kelly Preston) met in Morocco, it seemed like fate. Falling madly in love with each other, they marry and life seems perfect. That is until Henry and Libby through lies and deceptions are separated, Libby leaving for the States while Henry stays on in London. Little did Henry know that Libby was pregnant with Daphne (Amanda Bynes). Now seventeen-years-old, Daphne decides she's tired of waiting for her father and leaves for England, where Henry is now Lord Dashwood and a politically powerful figure setting up a campaign to earn a seat in Parliament. What follows is a tale of how a young girl and her father discover their true selves and find happiness. <br />Conclusively falling under the category of a 'teen Cinderella story', &quot;What a Girl Wants&quot; also ultimately falls into the doomed, classic genre of 'a cliched and utterly lifeless movie'. There have been several movies where the Cinderella premise works beautifully, the film which most comes to mind being &quot;The Princess Diaries&quot;.<br />Yet while &quot;The Princess Diaries&quot; was like a breath of fresh air, &quot;What a Girl Wants&quot; reeked with the stench of a plot so stale, it was hard not to gag at numerous scenes. Whenever there comes up a scene where Daphne 'livens things up', I just wanted to groan and think, &quot;Here we go again...&quot;<br />But more importantly, it is the weak cast with their even weaker characters which adds mostly to the downfall of this film. For example, let me list up just a few of many stereotypical semi-minor characters this movie delivers:<br />*The evil Glynnis Payne (Anna Chancellor) who has every intention of marrying Lord Dashwood for his power and money.<BR>*The equally evil daughter of the evil Glynnis, Clarisse Payne (Christina Cole) who will stop at nothing to make sure Daphne doesn't feel like she belongs.<BR>*The most evil of them all, Alistaire Payne (Jonathan Pryce), Lord Dashwood's chief advisor who had much to do with the deception that tore Henry and Libby apart.<BR>*And most sadly, though Oliver James was an amazingly talented singer, his character of Ian Wallace whom Daphne falls for is the formula boyfriend; very poor yet has a heart of gold.<br />And just exactly were the writers thinking of when they added such inane characters such as Peach and Pear Orwood, the dimwitted twins, and Lord Orwood (Roger Ashton-Griffiths) the stuffy aristocrat?<br />As for Amanda Bynes, she is definitely very cute and is quite energetic, but Bynes suffers in that her character of Daphne is quite two-dimensional, leaving no room for her to really act. <br />By now, you are wondering, &quot;So why is this Priscilla Stafford giving this movie two stars if this movie stunk?&quot; Well, here's the reason: Colin Firth is what makes this film worth two stars. Every time he comes on screen, he makes you forget the inane plot and concentrate on his character of Henry Dashwood who is searching for true happiness. Here is an actor who puts strength behind a somewhat bland character and makes you eventually fall in love with him. With his British accent, incredible acting talent, and charmingly good looks, Colin Firth is what makes the movie worth the watch at all. Kelly Preston, too, was not that bad in her role. Sadly, she doesn't have enough film time but when she and Colin Firth are together, they dazzle the screen. It's a shame the movie didn't focus more on them.<br />To finish up, &quot;What a Girl Wants&quot; is nothing new. The ending is semi-good but doesn't give you that 'happy-happy' feeling most chick flicks give out and SHOULD give out. There are a few laughs during the film yet they seem few and sparse between. Teens might enjoy the loud pop music which is heard throughout the whole movie. Strictly for pre-teen girls, &quot;What a Girl Wants&quot; is probably exactly what it is, only what girls want. Unless of course it's really Colin Firth you want then maybe you should watch this movie. But if you REALLY want Colin Firth, instead watch &quot;The Importance of Being Earnest&quot; or even the BBC miniseries &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;. In those movies you'll REALLY see Colin Firth shine, and that is what we really want, isn't it? ^_^
0312995423|1.0|Let me first say that I like the techno thriller genre, unfortunatly this is among the worst techno thrillers I've ever read. It is fairly obvious that mr. Brown knows little if anything of computers and most likely writes his books using pen and paper. Nothing he writes rings true, especially regarding computer security, and he also impresses with his ability to get most of his computer-jargon wrong. If you are even a little computer literate you will unfortunatly laugh in all the wrong places reading this book. The book is also rather impressive in that it advertises all its major plot points in mile-high neon signs. The so called plot twists will suprise noone.<BR>Most of all I find myself wondering if mr Brown was trying to write the book as a bad movie script, a movie staring Jean-Claude van Damme and shown only on late-night TV when noone is watching. The movie would probably have charachters that werent as one-dimensional though.
B0000C9V3T|5.0|I'd really like to know where in the movie each song plays.I do know some already-like Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood plays when the Bride starts fighting O-Ren till O-Ren makes the first cut,Twisted Nerve plays while Elle Driver prepares to give the Bride a  lethal injection,Bang Bang is during the starting credits,The Grand Duel plays after young O-Ren kills Boss Matsumoto,and the 5,6,7,8s play in the House of Blue Leaves.But where does Flower of Carnage come in?If someone knows where all the tracks play,can you please list them out?
014100018X|5.0|Chocolat by Joanne Harris was an exceptionally well written novel and now one of my favorites.  I particularly enjoyed the journal format of the book between the two protagonists, Vianna and Reynaud.  The book has a fairytale like sensation centered around the magical touch of Vianne.  Her mystique of people's sense and chocolate is mesmerizing.  The contrasts of masculine and femininie support the novel well, as well as the struggle between Vianne and the church.  The ending caught me by surprise and it sure is the unexpected.  Chocolat is a heart warming and enjoyable story.  The only downfall: the intense chocolate cravings the whole time you read!
0446677450|5.0|When I was a student at a leading business school in India, there was a small time vendor (a high school dropout) selling tea, snacks and cigarettes just outside our campus. The popular joke and perhaps a fact was that this guy earns more than our professors who teach finance inside the campus. Theory and practice are very different. <br />My dad was a scientist and worked for a government laboratory for over three decades. He was never rich. I am a well qualified professional working for a large corporation. As rightly pointed out by the author, like many others, I work for the first four months of the year for the government to pay taxes and double that time towards repayments of loans on \\"assets\\". <br />This book is a special gift to my daughter who is entering her final year of high school. Let her not repeat the mistakes of her dad and his dad.<br />Simple and straightforward, this book has the power to change our thinking and our lives.
B000148KK2|1.0|this album is a real dissapointment. I've been waiting for more than a month before I got it with greater expectation than her previous killer album already, but whoa...it ain't jazz.
0671027387|5.0|I have not read Dan Brown's other novels but I really am enjoying this book. I am on the last 50 pages and it has been a very enjoyable read. Maybe some of the Nasa stuff isn't too realistic but when I am reading a good book I don't need reality. This book is a wild and fun ride from one page to the next.
B00001QGPS|5.0|I'm really too late to get this album,<BR>Sometime I blame myself too,<BR>First of all, I'm a quite big fans of Mr. Meth!<BR>I love his Voice, his Flow and his Style!<BR>He's one of my favorite Rapper from Wu Tang, no doubt!<BR>and I really love Funk Doc too,<BR>because this guy is just as crazy as Meth Tical for me, haha!<br />I still believe they're the perfect duo in hip hop history!<BR>I'm not mean they create the best music,<BR>but they mix perfectly!<br />Anyway,<BR>This album is TIGHT!!!<BR>Both Rapper is at their Best,<BR>Spit fire, Raw lyrics and real as hell!<BR>No Commercial RnB Hip Pop stuff, just str8 Hip Hop<BR>I highly recommend this to all rap fans!<BR>And this is a must have for Red or Meth Fans!<br />A Special Joint - Just an Intro<br />Blackout - The Beat is Nice, Very Nice Opening track! 4.5/5<br />Mi Casa - Banging Beat! 5/5<br />Y.O.U. - Wow~ This Beat sound crazy! Meth and Docta is so Nasty and Hot in here! 5/5<br />4 Seasons - Another Nice Beat, feat. LL Cool J and Ja Rule, LL Cool J is alright, since his 4,3,2,1 feat. Red and Meth too, But I got problem for Ja, Why he's here? He's probably the worst one in here! 4.5/5<br />Cereal Killer - Rza Produce this song, Hmm..... Rza totally lost his Old Wu Tang Style, but this beat is DOPE! a Dope Song! 5/5<br />Da Rockwilder - This song is Crazy! Very Nice uptempo, <BR>Meth is Mad in here, He bust an amazing verse and prove himself is a dope rapper,<BR>He just simply give you one more reason to love him,<BR>Redman is fine but Meth is far too incredible!!!<BR>only complain is it's too Short, anyway, IT'S MAD NICE AND DOPE! 5/5<br />Tear It Off - Rap Rock sounding Beat, I always don't like this kind of Beat, I'm a fans of rock and metal too, don't get wrong, but I just don't like rap and Rock mix together! But this one sound very nice for me! 4.5/5<br />Where We At - Skit<br />1,2,1,2 - The Beat is fine too, Another Great Song! 4.5/5<br />Maaad Crew - one of the sound more melodic beat in here, Not Bad! 4/5<br />Run 4 Cover - Feat. Ghostface and Street, Both is Nice in here! The beat maybe sound so repeative and agony, quite suffering for me to here the whole song! 3/5<br />The ? - 4/5<br />Dat's Dat S**t - 4/5<br />Cheka - Hmm.... This one sound quite Funky, Kinda Sweet! 4.5/5<br />Fire Ina Hole - 4/5<br />Well All Rite Cha - The beat is in the vein of Y.O.U., but Y.O.U. is Better 4/5<br />Big Dogs - 3.5/5<br />How High Remix - This album end with a Nice Song! 4.5/5
B00005221M|5.0|This is my fourth post on this movie now, and I think I have finally figured it out.<br />In 1992, I watched this movie in a local theater in Southern California.  I was enthralled and loved the movie, and watched it a second time.  And that was the last time I ever saw this version of this movie.<br />In 2000, I got the Director's Cut version of the DVD.  I was appalled by how different the Director's Cut was from the version that I remembered from 1992  (I hadn't seen the movie in the interval eight years).  I posted my comments at the time  on Amazon.com as to what I remembered to be the differences between the two versions on March 23, 2000.  That post is still on this website, if you can manage to slog through the hundreds of posts ahead of it.<br />If you read that post, you will notice that I am describing a really different movie - at that time I really thought that the movie that I saw in 1992 was what everybody else saw in the theaters.<br />Recently, I discovered, to my chagrin, that the version that I saw in the theater in 1992, was most likely a \\"preview\\" version, not the Main Theatrical version that was released later, which probably most everybody else saw in 1992.  I don't have the foggiest idea how I ended up watching a \\"preview\\" version of this movie, but that's what must have happened, based on a lot of researching around.<br />And so, I only recently discovered that this Main Theatrical version was the one that was put into all of the VHS tape versions of this movie.  The VHS tapes have not changed versions.  DVDs in Region 4 (Australia) and Region 2 encoding  have been released recently that also contain this Main Theatrical version.<br />Having finally figured out that there were really three versions of this movie, I can say now that the differences between the Director's Cut version and the Main Theatrical version are actually relatively minor, compared to the differences between the \\"preview\\" version that I saw.  In the Director's Cut, Hawkeye has some of his snappy one-liners cut out, Cora has a line at the waterfall cut, the Clannad song is cut, Duncan has an extra scene fighting  with his men at the fort, and Chingachgook has some more words to say at end.  That's pretty much it.<br />In my Amazon.com review of March 23, 2000,  I went into a good amount of detail as to what the major differences were between the \\"preview\\" theatrical version that I saw and the Director's Cut.  I won't repeat all of these details.  There were so many scenes changed or removed that the preview version was practically a different movie.<br />The preview version was a significantly longer movie - it had more scenes of Hawkeye and Cora together at the fort, with a greater buildup to their romance; it had a true Uncas- Alice love story, and makes clear in their final scene at the cliff that they died for each other, and died together (in the preview version, there was a clear-cut shot of their bodies together at the bottom of the cliff, which was changed to a wide-angled shot of the bottom of the cliff where their bodies are just tiny indistinguishable specks).<br />The preview version also had more of an anachronistic, hip, Miami Vice sort of stylishness.  Miami Vice, had been, after all, Michael Mann's previous gig.  My guess is that it was mainly to get away from this previous style and to give it more of a gritty, historical feel that the movie was heavily re-edited for the Main Theatrical release; it seems to have been re-edited again in even more of this same make-it more-historical vein in 1999 for the Director's Cut.<br />To the best of my knowledge, this \\"preview\\" version of \\"The Last of the Mohicans\\" has never seen the light of day again since 1992.<br />Which is truly a pity, because the newer fans of this movie ought to know that there were indeed THREE versions of this movie.  The preview version was a much more romantic, visually powerful film.  Fox should release it again - so many \\"Special Edition\\" DVDs arebeing released now with deleted scenes, \\"making of\\" stories and so forth.  If Fox were to release this preview version, packaged together with the Main Theatrical version, as well as deleted scenes (there was apparently more of the Uncas-Alice love story at the waterfall), they would have a real winner for the Region 1 market.  Currently, in Region 1 (US/Canada) the DVD of this movie is available only in the Director's Cut version.  What a shame.<br />I'd be the first in line to buy this preview version of this movie.Edition\\" DVDs are being released now with deleted scenes, \\"making of\\" stories and so forth.  If Fox were to release this preview version, packaged together with the Main Theatrical version, as well as deleted scenes (there was apparently more of the Uncas-Alice love story at the waterfall), they would have a real winner for the Region 1 market.  Currently, in Region 1 (US/Canada) the DVD of this movie is available only in the Director's Cut version.  What a shame. <br />I'd be the first in line to buy this preview version of this movie.
B000089RVX|3.0|I have been a long-time fan of Evanescence. I must truly say, this album did wonders for them, and I'm glad it did. But I must say, this album is so incredibly hyped-up that it turned out to be a huge disappointment. <br /><BR>I miss \\"Origin\\". Top hits such as \\"Where Will You Go?\\" and \\"Farther Away\\" eased my aching heart and fulfilled my craving for alternative rock. Songs like \\"Away From Me\\" and \\"Field of Innocence\\" touched my heart and made me feel like I had found a band that I could relate to. Evanescence made me feel like someone else knew what I was going through.<BR>But then \\"Fallen\\" came about.<br /><BR>Now, I'm not bashing Evanescence by any means. I must admit, I love \\"Going Under\\" and Hello.\\" But unfortunately, I don't think I can relate to \\"Now that I know what I'm without you can't just leave me. Breathe into me and make me real. Bring me to life.\\" There are some wonderful and brilliant songs on \\"Fallen.\\" But unfortunately, it sounds as if most of the songs weren't given enough time to be completed. <BR>The rhythms are great. They're wonderful. But they didn't need to be repeated in every song.<br /><BR>Amy Lee has wonderful vocals. She sounds so ethereal and angelic. But the band is called Evanescence, not Amy Lee. Rocky is a great drummer, and Will is a beyond-wonderful bassist. John has excellent talent behind his guitar, and I really miss Ben's kick arse guitar solos. Amy's got a great set of pipes, I must say, but your vocal cords can't cover an entire band.<br /><BR>I deftly hope that Evanescence makes another album. Now that they've got their fans hooked with \\"Bring Me to Life\\" and \\"My Immortal,\\" maybe another hit like \\"Anywhere\\" or \\"Lies\\" will give Evanescence back the depth that they are incredibly capable of.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|By the way, for those who think there is some X-Files-like conspiracy to stack the Amazon reviews, you're nuts.  I see 1,200+ 5-star reviews spread over three years.  Lots of detail in every review. These aren't Trekers, they are just plain folk like you and me who like good drama, action, Sci-Fi,....just good television at a time when there is almost nothing left.      I saw a few episodes on Fox, but couldn't put it all together. I liked it well enough and then stumbled onto the official message board for the show.  What a great bunch of fans!  Just do an Internet search on \\"Firefly Fox\\" to find it.      Now I have this DVD set and with each episode you just stare in disbelief... How could they cancel this?     Good news!  Universal is releasing Serenity, based on the series, canceled two years ago.  What other show was turned into a movie after the show was cancelled?   You know where this is going...  SiFlyman
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye definately does it big with his debut, College Dropout. One of the few albums out right now that you can truly listen to from start to finish. With original lyrics with content that people of all walks of life can relate to, and many humerous punchlines, this album will be bumpin in peoples cars for a long while. Besides lyrical content, the production is crazy, (I mean come on people its Kanye West!). On tracks like \\"Never Let Me Down\\", \\"Jesus Walks\\", \\"2 words\\", and practically every other tack, the beat is enough to make you wanna listen over and over. Even the skits on the CD are fun to listen to (All of the lil' jimmy skits are hillarious, as well as the Bernie Mack skits). The only track that will make you mad is \\"Breathe In, Breathe Out\\", because you get the impression that Luda will get a verse, but he's only featured on the hook, but the song is still fire, so you wont be mad for too long.<br />Basicaly, this is how the CD breaks down:<br />Production: 5/5 (Every beat is fire)<br />Originality: 5/5 (Brings a new perspective to the rap game. All material he brings is original, and he stays true to himself the whole album. Something people have a problem with these days).<br />Collaborations: 5/5 (All tracks are laced perfectly. He never makes you think \\"Man, if only so-and-so was on the track\\" Everybody does their part on every song).<br />Overall: 5/5 (Kanye does his thing on his debut, and if you cant see that, you cant see hip hop in its purest form. All I can say is that I'm ready for his follow up, and I don't think it will dissapoint. He's doin crazy things, and the rap game needs his refreshing presence).<br />THATS WAHTS UP!!
B00004T9UF|5.0|this is definately one of the best CDs i have in my house (btw, my CD collection includes glenn gould's 1955 goldberg variations among other things). His thought and meditition are so unique, its hard to explain. &quot;the way i am&quot; is definately the best song on the album. Eminem is the best.<BR>p.s any of u moronic wannabe anti-intellectual &quot;gangstas&quot; out there who buy that 50 cent bulls**t really outa check this out
B000006YO2|5.0|Bryan Ferry, either solo or as lead singer with Roxy music, made the top ten of the British charts in the seventies and eighties with fifteen singles and an extended play EP. He also had several other hits so they couldn't all be included here.<br />Bryan wrote a lot of his own material but he also recorded some distinctive covers. Two of the songs here date back to the thirties. Of course, most people remember the Platters for Smoke gets in your eyes, but it was actually written in 1934. The other oldie, These foolish things, was originally an American number one hit for Benny Goodman in 1936. Bryan eventually emphasized his love for such songs by recording a whole album of them later in his career. Other distinctive covers include Jealous Guy (John Lennon), which provided Bryan with his only UK number one hit, and A hard rain's a gonna fall (Bob Dylan).<br />Most of the essentials are here including all the songs already mentioned plus Let's stick together, Virginia plain, Love is the drug, Dance away, Angel eyes, Oh yeah and More than this - are here. Nevertheless, it is worth noting that apart from some of the minor hits, Over you (a top five UK hit) and the UK top ten hits Price of love, This is tomorrow and Pyjamarama are also missing.<br />A single CD cannot do full justice to Bryan's music but this is a strong collection.
0440237688|5.0|I would reccomend this book because it is like something no one has ever experienced. The feeling of no color symbolized things Jonas thinks is amazing that we take for granted.  Family units show how we take our parents for granted, siblings, pets. The feeling of love towards Gabe that Jonas experienced is something we can all relate to.<BR>   Elsewhere is like Heaven. The sled, the beautiful lights... a feeling of joy.  This book is full of emotions; happiness, love, sorrow, anger; true anger, and pain.<br />                    The Giver is THE best!
B0001L3LUE|5.0|Even if you don't enjoy most documentaries, then you should consider giving this one a shot, especially if you're interested in politics or the history surrounding the Vietnam war.<BR>The movie is also, in my opinion, especially relevant to today's current evens in Iraq. Whether you support the Iraq operation or are against it, comparisons between Iraq and Vietnam have been made, and this movie could be used in arguements both for and against the logic behind what's going on in Iraq. Very good documentary indeed.
0440237688|5.0|I would recemend this book because it explains alot about the culture and different events and activitys.Its is a wonderful and meaningful book that people should read because it explains alot about different things like secrets an memorys and that lying isnt the answer to everything.
B00006DEFA|5.0|This 1984 Milos Forman film was so popular and successful that it won Best Picture that same year. Amadeus was made into a screenplay from the play by Peter Schaffer, which made it to Broadway. At that time, it was the hottest theatrical piece. The film stars Tom Hulce as the man-child musical genius Mozart and F. Murray Abraham (Best Actor) as his jealous rival composer Antonio Salieri. The film is lush and engaging as a historical period movie and even serves as a colorful introduction to the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, the greatest composer of the Classical Era (1750-1820). The movie does heighten the drama and makes fictional twists on the real life of Mozart. He was a boy genius, who could play the piano as early as age 4 and who composed his first symphony, concerto and opera all by the age of 12. He was made of music. He composed quickly from brain to music score and had a charming, witty, child-like personality. He was also a party animal and an alcoholic. He died of liver complications due to his alcoholic addiction, not because Salieri had anything to do with plotting his death. Salieri was respected and much more beloved in his time than Mozart. Salieri even taught such great names as Beethoven, Schubert and Franz Liszt. He lived in luxury while Mozart struggled financially and lived from hand to mouth and had no reason to be jealous even if Mozart's music was far superior to his.<br />F. Murray Abraham really delivers the performance of his life as the villainous and bitter Salieri. Salieri is so jealous of Mozart that he renounces his Catholic faith and burns a crucifix. He feels God has abandoned him because he never fulfilled his prayer of making him the most famous composer in history. Salieri makes it his life-long goal to destroy Mozart himself. His influence over the Imperial Court in Vienna, Austria, and together with the efforts of the jealous team of librettist and music directors, he sees to it that Mozart's operas, such as Le Nozze Di Figaro and Don Giovanni not enjoy the success it rightfully deserves. The film, you see, is more about Salieri than it is about Mozart. In the end, Mozart has the laught laugh as Salieri comes to believe he has killed Mozart (with the heavy burden of making him write his own Requiem Mass) and is instituted in an insane asylum. The performances are excellent, the script is terrific and the look of the film authentically 18th century. Music entirely composed by Mozart, including his Piano Concerto 20 and 22, Serenade Gran Partita For Winds, and even his German operas Abduction From The Seraglio (Die Entfurung Aus Dem Serail) and Die Zauberflote (The Magic Flute). An enjoyable classic.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|Muse is all you see on my ipod screen nowadays... I can't stop playing their songs and I don't think i'll ever get tired of their unique and great music with those awesome guitar riffs that start out each song so beautifully and perfectly. And I can't help but get chills listening to songs from Absolution... but don't stop with just buying Absolution, buy Origin of Symmetry, Hullabaloo and Showbiz... they're all awesome. So they say that Muse sounds like Radiohead and at first when i heard some of their songs they did remind me a bit of Radiohead BUT Muse is unique in its own way. Radiohead is a bit more sad/moody (u know in that good way... cuz don't get me wrong i LOVE Radiohead)and Muse almost makes me feel like i'm ready for anything the day brings. SOOOOOOO BUY THIS CD... ACTUALLY I SAY U BUY ALL OF THEIR OThEr CD'S TOO!!! TRUST ME and all these other people who gave such kick ass reviews for Muse... which they are definitely worthy of...I would give them 10 stars if i could. Muse is my new obsession and soon it will be yours!
B0000YEEHG|1.0|depressing... <br />truely depressing<br />Worthy of MGMs demise the wretched DVD of a great film, I have waited years for.<BR>(if this is the only way you can watch the film, by all means. If not, by the UK version until Criterion obtains rights for the unavoidable rerelease..)
B0000DD7LB|4.0|I'm not sure why every new Britney album sells less and less when the music gets better and better. This album in my opinion is her best so far. Most of these tracks showcase her growth and maturity. The best song on here is &quot;Breathe on me&quot;. The beat is very catchy and the way she sings it is hot. This is gonna be her next single. Everyone loves the song &quot;Toxic&quot; which is a club favorite. And &quot;Everytime&quot; is a very nice ballad that Britney wrote. I can't stand the dumb video that doesn't make sense, but it is a great song. &quot;Boom Boom&quot; is a song that adds a little hip hop to this album. And the R Kelly produced &quot;Outrageous&quot; has a very catchy beat, and it's a great song to dance to. &quot;Touch of my hand&quot; is my second favorite song on this album. It's a little too controversial to be released as a single, but it is one of the best songs on this album. It's very sensual and i think it's hot. With all these great songs that i keep mentioning, u might notice i only gave it 4 stars out of 5. Well, the reason is the horrible song &quot;Brave new girl&quot;, as well as the Moby produced &quot;Early mornin&quot;. These songs are awful. She doesn't even perform them on her tour they're so bad. I'm not to crazy about the song &quot;Shadow&quot; either which is a terribly sung ballad. But still a great album, i defintely recommend it. <BR>EXTRA NOTES<BR>I hope she will do more songs with the Neptunes(I'm a slave 4 u, and Boys), because those are the best producers out there. The hit song by Kelis &quot;Milkshake&quot; was close to being a Britney song. That would have been hot. Go pick up the In The Zone dvd as well. It contains a cd with 2 unreleased songs and 2 unreleased remixes to Toxic and Me against the music. The song from there called &quot;The Answer&quot; is a great song produced by P Diddy. An excellent song with a very catchy beat. This could easily be a Britney single. Go check it out today.
B000002H70|5.0|Whether it's raining or your dog died or perhaps it's raining AND your dog died, this is the best album you could possibly put on. From start to finish the cure sets the tone: dark, gloomy, dreary and well, just plain depressing. Perhaps that's the reason Love Song and Lullaby and even Fascination Street are immediate standouts. Eventually listening to this enough you appreciate the whole album for what it is; a masterpiece. Pictures of You, The Same Deep Water as You and Disintegration are all songs I can't live without.     That said, I would not recommend this for all you antsy people out there. If you can't sit still for one minute or if you're just some kind of a jerk that says things like \\"this music music is too mellow,\\" or \\"this song is too slow,\\" then you've probably come to the wrong place. For everyone else, this is an album you'd be crazy to pass up.
B000148KK2|1.0|Music appreciation is very indiviudalistic indeed.  Each listener has their likes /dislikes. The reviews on this new release run the gamut, but mostly is on the negative side especially when compared to the typically glowing reviews of her past releases.  The dicotomy between Live in Paris and this new release is major. She has indeed crossed-over to a new realm. It was obviously very influenced by Mr. Costello and the recent successes of Nora Jones and her borderline jazz/blues style.  The quality of the perfomances is outstanding and displays her massive talent, but the style and music itself leaves me cold. For me, this new CD will not get the play of her former releases, yet those bent on the Nora Jones style will probably love it. Ms. Krall was unique with her style and has attempted a cross over. It will be interesting to see the final sales tallies ( not including pre-release sales ).  I would tend to think that total sales will be down vis a vis her past few releases.
B00009XITP|5.0|Wow, if the term &quot;living doll&quot; ever applied to anyone, it applies to this little cutie Amanda bynes, I think I'm in love.  This movie is also very sweet and perfect for teens, kids, or adults.  As a matter a fact it's a good family film.  With a good modern story line, that many people can relate to, yet it has a good deal of fantasy to it, and that's what makes it charming, and reminds me of a movie from my youth called Cinderella Jones.
B00005JKN9|3.0|A MOVIE WITH CHARISMA AND PASSION will normally help a movie.  While those characteristics are no vice, they did not help this movie.  The Butcher is an incredible actor, and very convincing, but neither Leonardo nor Cameron Diez were.  The plot also was quite predictable and shallow: the first scene is a good indicator that revenge will be the central component of the movie.  I have nothing against revenge, but if a movie goer could expect it, then it probably isn't exciting, eventful, or filled with much meaning.<br />I think most people will be dissapointed with the movie considering the amount of hype that surrounded it.
080726203X|3.0|I would reccomend the book to others because it makes you really think, digging deep inside to make assumptions or gathering opinions. Rather than a 'no thought to it' book, it actually talks about serious issues and topics: you have to stop sometimes for it to actually consume and sink into the harshness of it. The misery is deep and compelling, dragging you deeper and further in the book so you can't let go of it. It was deep and emotional.
0440237688|4.0|In my opinion the novel \\"The Giver\\" by Lois Lowry has a fantastic content.<BR>The novel is about a twelve-year-old boy Jonas, who lives in a strange community.<BR>In this community there're several ceremonies, which icluded different advantages. <br />I'm really fascinated by the secrets in the \\"perfect\\" community that you can find out if you read this book.
1572702478|5.0|I highly recommend the audio book read by David Suchet. You won't believe the voices that he can give these characters. It really makes the book come alive. He's a class act.
B0000041LO|5.0|This remarkable 9 CD set clearly disproves Schumann's comment about Haydn [an old family friend whom one receives gladly and respectfully but who has nothing new to tell us].  I am not surprised that it received Gramophone's Recording of the Year in 1979, nor that it's listed as one of the top 100 classical music recordings of all time<br />The set roughly divides into 3 groups of 3 CDs each.  <br />The first group includes pre-1780's material; these are basically accompanied piano sonatas.  The next group includes the 1780's trios; now the violin is getting some independence.  [The cello is pretty-much locked to the piano bass throughout.]  The final group is the 1790's trios: now there is a real conversation between piano and violin.  As a group, they are simply brilliant, especially the slow movements.<br />The Beaux Arts Trio's performance is first rate, and the recording quality is excellent.  I admit to being a piano trio fan, and in my view these surpass Beethoven's and equal the best from Mozart and Schubert (albeit in a different style).  My modest CD collection contains pretty much all of the chamber music of Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven and Schubert, but this set is definitely the pick of the litter for enjoyable evening listening.
0385335482|5.0|Great fun read!  I've now read all of the &quot;shopaholic&quot; books as well as &quot;Can you keep a secret?&quot;, Sophie's latest novel (with new characters and new themes).  I had the honor of meeting Sophie at Books Inc in San Francisco and she is a sweet, lovely and very self deprecating woman.  The writing is fun and fresh...not the next Great American Novel but we all need some fun well written books like this...at least I do!  FYI, Kate Hudson is involved with Sophie's latest book....Sophie has written a screenplay for &quot;Can you Keep a Secret&quot; and Kate will star and produce it as well.
B000001FN3|3.0|I would rate the original version of this album behind \\"I Robot\\", about even with \\"Eve\\" and slightly better than \\"Pyramid\\".  The music on side one is powerful and catchy.  I especially like the music on \\"The Telltale Heart\\".  The vocals by Arthur Brown (singer of the 1960's hit \\"Fire\\") are appropriately psychotic, but somewhat lispy making me wonder if the killer was gay as well.  Side two with \\"The Fall of the House of Usher\\" is okay as background music but a little on the boring side.<br />A lot of reviewers have commented on the Orson Welles vocals.  I could take them or leave them.  What I do object to strongly is the cheesy lead guitar that was added to a couple of tracks.  For me, it ruins the songs and I would have preferred that the original was left alone.  I am trying to find a good copy of the vinyl version to record so that I won't have to listen to this version again.
B00006879E|5.0|When I think about Maroon5...the first word that comes to mind is just...WOW!  Ok, so not very literate or verbal for a teacher, but these guys have formed the best band I have ever heard or seen in my life.  I fell in love with their first single, &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot;, which was followed by &quot;This Love&quot; another terrific song.  So, on a lark, and a gift certificate, I bought the cd 4 months ago, thinking I would only listen to the two songs I liked (since that's what I always do when I buy cds)! Well, two weeks later, on a long trip I decided to finally listen to the entire cd...since then, it has not left my cd player.  So again, wow!<BR>I don't know what else I can say about these guys that hasn't been said before.  Originally Kara's Flowers...they grew up, added James Valentine, found a new sound...and Maroon5 was born. They have uniquely combined rock with jazz, soul, pop, and R&amp;B.  They are like nothing I had ever heard before or since.  They are excellent at their craft...Adam Levine (lead vocals/guitar), James Valentine (guitar), Jesse Carmichael (vocals/keyboards/guitar), Mickey Madden (bass), and Ryan Dusick (vocals/drums)...all of them simply too phenomenal for words! But beyond that, these are just really great guys who love what they do and love their fans.  You can't get much better than that.<BR>As far as the album goes...I love every song (and that's saying alot...because I never like every song that a band does).  Best ones in my opinion though: <BR>Secret: it just doesn't get much better than this<BR>Tangled: great, great rock song<BR>Shiver: best song performed live<BR>She Will Be Loved: a great ballad and the next single<BR>The Sun: jazziest song on the album<BR>All of these songs are great...but, you haven't truly experienced the magic of Maroon5 until you see them live!  DO IT!
0440237688|4.0|In my opinion the story of the book was very nice to read because I, as a non-native speaker, could read it very easily. It isn't written in a very complicated way so it could be perfectly used for our Enlgish lessons.<BR>An interesting and exciting science-fiction story about a totaliterian system which a young boy tries to chance. It tells us about a journey through a world that is completely different to ours.
B0001Z52RU|5.0|This film looked a bit too Mtv-like in the original trailers, but the fact that Ashton Kutcher felt the need to executive produce a piece of dramtic entertainment after starring in silly comedies convinced me something was brewing. Also I love Sci-Fi, and this movie had a cool website, with the premise of the chaos theory just begging to be filmed. So now that it made it to the bigscreen, I can say, thanks Ashton! This is a dark film with some fairly aggressive scenes in it, but has a heart in the middle of it all trying to explain the nature of humanity, and the consequence of choice. See it with someone you love, it's a good date movie, and you'll feel better after sitting through all the challenging scenes. It's a rollercoaster ride of emotional sequences, and I think one of the most rewarding films I've seen in the last several years. The basic idea of the 'butterfly effect' implies so many probabilities that one could explore, and I think the filmmakers did as much as they could without losing the entertainment value in the process. Fans of Mr. Kutcher's physical attributes also get their top viewing dollar in this film. The whole ensemble is top notch, and whoever casted the younger actors should win an award. By the way, the fact that the goth roommate has \\"Dark Entries\\" by Bauhaus on his stereo instead of some typical modern commercial crap guaranteed the 5 stars for me already. Whether it all makes sense logically and the fact that the changes only focus on the immediate group of people does not hinder the general interpretation of the story, it makes it more accessible in it's focus.    My only disclaimer towards the DVD release is that I felt the ending of the Director's Cut version wasn't actually as good as the original theatre version. It depends on whether you're more cynical than romantic which one you prefer. Sometimes the studios aren't always wrong.
B0001ZX0PG|5.0|As a huge fan of actors Sean Penn and Tim Robbins, I was very anxious to see \\"Mystic River.\\" After viewing the film in the theatre, I am happy to say that I was definitely NOT disappointed.<BR>   \\"Mystic River\\" is a film of raw emotion, and magnificent acting. The film revolves around three former best friends (Jimmy, played by Penn, Davey, played by Robbins, and Sean, played by Bacon) forever scarred as children by one horrendous and unspeakable act at the hands of a sexual predator. As a victim of abuse myself, I strongly empathized with Robbins character. Years later another tragedy, involving Jimmy's daughter, draws these three together again. In one of the most powerful moments I have EVER seen in a film, Sean Penn's character unleashes so much emotion after learning of his daughter's death, I found myself overcome with my own tears. Stunning performances by Laura Linney, and Marcia Gay Harden contribute to the intense realism of the film. <BR>   These characters, are not perfect. They do not exude superhuman strength, or power. They are real people with flaws, and weaknesses.<BR>   There are no fancy special effects in this film, no big budget chase scenes. It is a simple film about real people struggling to deal with tragedy and come to terms with the past. It wrenches your heart, and brings you to tears. At the same time, it is also an effective murder mystery with a shocking and extremely emotional climax, straight out of a Greek tragedy.<BR>   \\"Mystic River,\\" is a film of sheer brilliance at the hands of a seasoned film maker, and VERY talented actors. It has been 4 months since I saw this film and I still can't get it out of my head. If you do not feel anything after seeing this film, you are not human.
B00003CXDD|4.0|I remember seeing this movie as a child and absolutely loving it.  The sets and monsters are magical and entertaining, and the plot is well-crafted and fast-paced for a kid.  I did get the movie for Christmas, and it doesn't hold up as well to my now adult mind as The Dark Crystal or The Princess Bride, especially the acting, but still, it's fun to watch.  If you liked this as a kid, or are still a kid, I'd recommend it.
B00006AW2M|5.0|While the term &quot;satanic&quot; may be a bit rash, the Stones dish out a square meal with their most psychadelic work to date.  By some considered to be a &quot;response&quot; to Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, Their Satanic Majesties' Request stands alone as a watermark for 1967.
B00004RF8J|5.0|Frank Oz's masterpiece of Roger Corman's B- Schlock Horror movie of the same name.  Originally produced off broadway, it had a very successful run. So... What is Hollywood to do but make it into a blockbuster with big name stars and cameos.<br />Ellen Greene as the plucky Audrey, who also played the part on stage, Steve Martin as the sado-masochistic Dr. Orin Scrivello, DDS, Rick Moranis as the milquetoast Seymour, Vincent Gardenia as the crusty Mr. Mushnik &amp; the voice of Levi Stubbs as the people-eating, mean green mother from outer-space, Audrey II.<br />Bill Murray has a hilarious cameo as Arthur Denton, the pain loving dental patient. He screams CANDY BAAAAR whilst the dentist inflicts pain upon him! John Candy cameo as the radio announcer, Wink Wilkinson, Jim Belushi as Patrick Martin, Christopher Guest as the first flower shop customer.<br />Great musical numbers from all, especially Ellen Greene who has one of the best set of pipes EVER!<br />Great family movie with only mildly irreverent language.<br />Happy Watching!
B00009RAJH|5.0|When Fleetwood Mac was formed in the late 60's, they were a hardcore blues band. After Peter Green left and with the additions of Christine McVie &amp; Bob Welch, they shifted away from blues music towards a more pop sound. In 1975, Bob Welch left the group and Mick Fleetwood enlisted an unknown duo of Lindsey Buckingham &amp; Stevie Nicks in the band. The result is of course music history. This is the first effort by the new lineup and it is an excellent collection of songs. Lindsey Buckingham has one of the best ears in music and his hands are all over the album. From the album's opener &quot;Monday Morning&quot; and his own &quot;Blue Letter&quot; and the slow burning &quot;World Turning&quot; to Christine McVie's &quot;Say You Love Me&quot; and &quot;Sugar Daddy&quot;, his presence is felt. &quot;Crystal&quot; is great song taken from the Buckingham-Nicks album and shows how well the band's voices meld together. Stevie Nicks carved out her witch persona with the ethereal and moody &quot;Rhiannon&quot;. She also contributes one of most hauntingly beautiful songs ever recorded, &quot;Landslide&quot;. Through constant touring and radio airplay, the album slowly climbed the charts and in its 53rd week on the charts, it finally reached number one. This album set the stage for one of the biggest albums in history, Rumours. While not as popular as that album, this album is it's equal in quality and sound.  The extra tracks on this release do not really bring much to the table as they are just the edits of the singles from the album.
B000148KK2|1.0|As a jazz cat myself I would say that there's nothing wrong with what she is doing. Just like Miles Davis. But she's no Miles Davis,,and what really makes her stand out is by staying to the jazz traditionals. She is admired for that,,that luxury of playing straight ahead jazz/standards. The songs in this new C.D. are inferior compared to the songs that she sang in her past releases. A lot of fans are quite frustrated and im one of them. Im still very much in love with her and im sure that she will come in to her senses soon..
B00009RAJI|5.0|After their breakthrough success with their self-titled album, Fleetwood Mac should have been on top of the world. Instead, success led to tensions in the band that would result in the two couples, Buckingham-Nicks &amp; the McVie's, dissolving their relationships. There was tremendous friction when the band entered the studio to record the follow up album. It was those frictions and breakups that fueled the album and turned it into one of the classic albums of the 70's and in rock history. Rumours contains 11 songs in which many deal with the breakups. To hear Lindsay Buckingham &amp; Stevie Nicks sing the searing &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot; together when you know that the song was written about their situation adds an extra edge to the song that can't be created if the song was about someone else. &quot;The Chain&quot; has a dark and ironic urgency to it and the bouncy beats of &quot;Second Hand News&quot; mask angry and bitter lyrics. &quot;Dreams&quot; is a bittersweet song that captures the essence of Stevie Nicks. It has a mystical, ethereal sound with deep lyrics and it has the witchy feel that made Ms. Nicks the high priestess of rock. The song became the album's and the band's only number one single. Ms. Nicks also shines on the eerie &quot;Gold Dust Woman&quot; that is a thinly veiled song about her cocaine abuse. The song dips and dives with stinging guitars and dirge like Hammond organ. Not every song is downcast; &quot;Don't Stop&quot; is a classic anthem of optimism and hope in which Christine McVie &amp; Mr. Buckingham's vocals intertwine perfectly to capture the feeling that tomorrow will soon be here. &quot;You Make Loving Fun&quot; is a bouncy song that must have burned John McVie as Christine McVie wrote it about her new lover. &quot;Songbird&quot; is an elegantly beautiful song that is just Ms. McVie on vocals and piano and its position right in the middle of the album provides a respite from the album's high tensions. Rumours not only capitalized on the success of their prior album, but it was so big that it became a cultural touchstone. The album spent a staggering 31 weeks at number one in 1977, became the first album to spawn four top ten hits and ranks as one of the five biggest selling albums in history with over 20 million in sales and won the 1977 Grammy for Album of the Year.  The original album is altered to include \\"Silver Springs\\" which was originally a b-side to \\"Go Your Own Way\\", but was revived in popularity with its inclusion on their comeback album, \\"The Dance\\".  It is placed between \\"Songbird\\" and \\"The Chain\\" the songs that end side one and start side two respectively on the original album.  Disk two is full of demo takes of the album's songs as well as jam sessions and other miscellaneous tracks.d on the success of their prior album, but it was so big that it became a cultural touchstone. The album spent a staggering 31 weeks at number one in 1977, became the first album to spawn four top ten hits and ranks as one of the five biggest selling albums in history with over 20 million in sales and won the 1977 Grammy for Album of the Year.  The original album is altered to include \\"Silver Springs\\" which was originally a b-side to \\"Go Your Own Way\\", but was revived in popularity with its inclusion on their comeback album, \\"The Dance\\".  It is placed between \\"Songbird\\" and \\"The Chain\\" the songs that end side one and start side two respectively on the original album.  Disk two is full of demo takes of the album's songs as well as jam sessions and other miscellaneous tracks.
0316666343|4.0|The Lovely Bones, I have to say is one of the best books I have ever read in my life. It is so full of emotion, power, and has purely realistic capabilites. Many readers have said that this novel is depressing, and is throughout its entirety. However, this isn't entirely true. Towards the end, the mood begins to change in the personalities of the characters, and you see how the novel all fits together. I recommend this book to everyone who wants a great book that they can't put down. Yet, out of the positive notes, I would like to say, there were a few moments where the book was a little slow, but it quickly picked up by another event. Still, this is one of my favorite books.
B000148KK2|4.0|Diana Krall's new album, The Girl In The Other Room, is an eloquent, beautiful new record.  Ms. Krall shares writing credits with her husband, Elvis Costello, on half of the album's twelve tracks and adds a cover of his \\"Almost Blue\\" for good measure.  There are also covers of Bonnie Raitt, Joni Mitchell, Mose Allison and Tom Waits songs.  Her version of Mr. Waits' \\"Temptation\\" is a brilliant take.  Ms. Krall's sultry voice provides a sensual interpretation of the track not heard before and \\"Love Me Like A Man\\" also heats up the album.  But the original songs find Ms. Krall in a melancholy mood.  Deeply affected by the loss of her mother, songs like \\"Departure Bay\\", \\"Abandoned Masquerade\\" and \\"I'm Coming Through\\" are laced with grief and longing.  \\"Narrow Daylight\\" has a sense of hope, but the overall mood of the last four songs have a heartbreaking sentimentality that show Ms. Krall has grown into a mature songwriter.
0440237688|2.0|The Giver is a good choice for reading in class since it is written in quite an understandable language and contains a lot of helpful annotations.<BR>I personally wouldn't have read this book outside school. I found it boring and not interesting to read. The story is confusing and ends too suddenly.<BR>I would have wanted the Auther to continue the book a bit more to find out how the community develops.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|The first movie was watchable, this was a two hour very bad advertisement for the third movie.
B0000009TK|5.0|This album is almost overwhelming at some points. I havn't had it for too long, but Ive listened to it daily and enjoyed every second of it. The musicianship and understanding of the music between the members is amazing. This ranks (for me) above nearly everything (if not everything) that Zappa has put out, for me. This is one of the testemants to his genius. A few of the albums that define his musical ability for composition and musical structure aren't always accessable for the casual fan or people just interested in Zappa's music or more challenging works (such as the yellow shark or Civilization Phaze 3). That is by no means a let down, those albums show, when you really pay attention to everything thats going on, and realize that its not just random notes (aside from the few tracks that alot of close minded people would actually call music), that everything that's being played is meant to be played, are also a testemant to his genius. But sometimes people cant quite wrap their minds around that (which is understandable, although those are 2 of my favorite Zappa works). That's why this album is one of the most amazing outings in Zappa's vast catalog. <br />It's accessible upon first listen, it has alot of humor, alot of Zappa's best songs, including the Black page, the absolutely stunning melody of older tunes on the first disc, a reggea version of King Kong, an incredibly tight rendition of Big Swifty with a couple of really funny &quot;musical quotes&quot; lets call them, kind of like what happens at the end of Stairway to Heaven on The Best Band You've Never Heard in Your Life, Alien Orifice (check out the middle section to that one, HOLY CRAP, what band can do that?!). I wish I had gone into how the songs are, but trust me, it's worth every penny. Unbelievable songs performed by unbelievable musicians created by one of the twentieth century's great composers. My only complaint is that there are some unneccesary (alot of the times sloppy) guitar solo's in themiddle of some of the songs, mainly on the second disc. But if you look passed that, which is actually very easy cause they're not all that bad, they just seem unneccesary sometimes, then you have one of the most impressive, enjoyable, stunning outings in Zappa's career. Hands down.
B00006690G|5.0|Eminem shows off his complete skillset in this album and makes songs that are often thought provoking and fun, with out losing his hard hitting no holds barred edge.
B00005AQE8|5.0|Well I think that all eyez on me was one of the best 2 disk c.ds 2pac ever recorded.Songs like shorty wanna be a thug,how do u want it,california love,and i aint mad at cha are legendary songs that my self and nobody else will ever forget.<br />                        R.I.P.<BR>                            2PAC
B00001MXXH|4.0|One of those movies that could only have been  made in the 80's. Goofy with out being stupid and a coming of age story that isn't gratuitious.
B00005O438|5.0|I remember when i saw this movie. The great parts were when Cujo went crazy. I even liked the part where he tride to break into to kill a mother &amp; her son &amp; the part when he hered a phone ring. He also killed a man who brought in his groceries &amp; I think his own human. In the end of the movie the mother shot Cujo. Me &amp; My brother talk about cujo alot &amp; think he can beat any other dog.
6304779356|5.0|Great lines, some of he best acting of the decade and just one hell of a movie.
B0001ENYKS|5.0|This album is incredible, I just got the album on the 5th of may (and it is now the 13th) (2004) and I memorized the words to every song on the first day, not only did I fall in love with the music, I became obessed. (I even learned the dance from the dark of the matinee music video) infatuated if you will, with there different sound, some people say they sound like the crappy retro bands like the strokes, but they don't. and if your looking for a new favorite Franz Ferdiand just might be the ticket. I hate the radio and it's it very hard for me to become a fan of a newer band, but when I heard these guys off of soundgirl.com I was so excited, I mean to find another good band, whose new! anyway yeah trust me on this one, if you hate britany spears, the strokes, and good charlotte......Then you'll love Franz Ferdinand!!!
B00005J6UP|5.0|And this is a movie you can't die without having seen, several times. This is probably the best 'kids/teen' movie of the 80's just plain fun.
0440237688|5.0|I found this is a  exelent book  so i gave it 5/5 because it was realy good and it was full of emotions that a lot of people haven't felt befor  i would like to read that seconed book.<br />I wouldn't recemened this book to younger children maby a child about 13 years of age but not younger than that because alot of children might not understand the consept of this book.
B000001DTM|5.0|I remember looking forward with great anticipation to \\"Achtung Baby\\" back in 1991, and today it remains one of my favorite U2 albums. It is also probably the most important record in their canon.<br />Why? Because it marks the change that took the band into their second decade and informs part of who they are today. And, because it was the album that almost precipitated their breakup. Because it is brave, powerful and unique. And, because of \\"Mysterious Ways.\\"<br />The songs today speak louder than the wardrobe change. \\"One,\\" \\"Until the End of the World,\\" \\"So Cruel,\\" \\"Even Better Than the Real Thing,\\" Love Is Blindness,\\" and \\"Ultraviolet\\" are absolutely magnificent, and, like all great songs, grow with each listen. I have listened this CD probably a thousand times, and I have yet to grow tired of it. And that's the test.<br />But \\"Mysterious Ways.\\" It's one of their best songs, if not their very best. It represents the true change in U2's attitude toward music and lyric-writing. It's sexy, groovy, and totally rocks. Let's hope U2 have found yet another way to reinvent themselves for the next album, and will have as much success.
B0001ENYKS|4.0|Unlike many of the retro rock bands out there getting all the attention, Franz Ferdinand has actually put out an album worth $15.  It's filled with increadibly catch songs you'll want to play over and over.  The highlights for me were, Jacqueline, Take Me Out, Auf Achese, Come On Home, and 40', though all the songs are good.  Forget the Strokes, forget the Rapture, defantly forget the White Stripes, and listen to Franz Ferdinand, possibly the best thing to come from Scotland since Belle and Sebastian and Mogwai in the mid 90's.
1592400876|1.0|I bought this book after reading rave reviews about it.  I was truly disappointed.  The book makes one or two points and then repeats them over and over, probably in an attempt to fatten the book for publication.  The author describes a few minor abuses of the English language but does nothing more.  This book suffers in comparison to others such as Patricia O'Conner's &quot;Woe is I&quot;, which present English abuses in a clever and better written style and which provide examples of incorrect usage and their corrected versions.  These latter books teach you something about the English language.  Eats and Shoots does not.  If you are considering buying this book, ask a friend to talk you out of it.
B00005PJ8O|5.0|In this post-9/11 world everyone should see this film if only to see and hear the famous speech Patton gave to his troops, opening the film.  He starts out by saying that no one ever won a war by dying for his country.  One wins a war by getting the guy on the other side to die for HIS (other) country. The Islamic terrorist plaguing the world today all say they want to die.  Patton would say that he is glad to oblige them. <br />Just a warning, don't expect to learn anything about the conduct of the Second World War from this film.  It is first and formost a character study of Patton, the man, and I can't praise George C. Scott enough for his stupendous performance.  It is rare in history that an actor adapts so well to the role he is playing.
B00005JLYW|3.0|This movie is the exact same as the first - just with different hairstyles, no Bill Murray, and Demi Moore making her comeback. There are a few laugh out loud moments, especially when I realised that the old grey haired man (who appears for one scene, and who I couldn't see in the credits) was infact Bruce Willis.<br />What's great about this movie once more, is the Angels never use guns - unless you count the fallen Angel, played by Demi Moore. Who used this movie to make her comeback. And how much did she look like Catherine Zeta Jones in certain shots? When her hair wasn't poker straight, and was actually nice and wavy, and the makeup was the exact same as Mrs Douglas herself. No matter what the press say about Demi, she still looks good, although she'll never be as pretty as she was in Ghost. And no amount of Botox can remove those lines around your mouth honey!<br />There's a lot of allusions to other movies in this - Flashdance, Sound of Music, Singin' In The Rain, and even Grease gets a mention! (Cameron Diaz's boyfriend in the movie, goes to his high school reunion at Rydell!)<br />Apart from that, this movie is just the same as the first. Still good to watch, doesn't use up much brain cells to watch, and entertaining. They could have attempted something different though.
B0001W8Q9Y|5.0|This band by any other name would sound this good.  Maybe this album is not perfect, or not exactly what we expected, but what's not to like?  You can laugh, cry, be amazed, wonder, shout, and wince and never be finished listening to this stuff.  About thirty seconds into &quot;You're Gone&quot; I nearly always shout out &quot;FUNKY!&quot; because it's so -- you guessed it -- FUNKY!  Steve Rothery is one of the true guitar greats in the history of pop music.  I have never understood why you cannot find Marillion albums in any music store in the USA.  Nearly anywhere else in the world, Marillion is there.  I just left Punta Arenas, Chile (POP. 160,000 or so, I think) and the smallest music store in town (Luna Negra in La Gallery) had 6 or 8 of their CD's.  (Tell Basilio and Angela that Alan from Houston sent you!)<br />I love this band and every member in it.  I like all their albums.  They are dedicated to the music, which means dedicated to the fans, which means dedicated to me and my enjoyment.  ENJOY!
B0000TB01Y|5.0|i am abosolutely in love with this cd. i bring in in my walkman everywhere, and im almost ALWAYS listening to it. i went to see the show and loved it even more! a must have, especially for broadway lovers!
0156711427|2.0|This book never grabbed me the way I had hoped it would.  None of the characters is particularly engaging, and indeed some are barely tolerable.  This is a 360 page book that reads like a 600 page book.  I'm not what you'd call a plot-junky, but this book was just too slow and too boring.  There are only three or four memorable scenes in the whole book, and only one of them possesses any dramatic tension.  I think Forster set out to make a statement about relations between colonial power and colonized people.  Certainly he accomplished that, but then again he could have done it in a page or two.  Instead he threw together a mediocre work of literature to demonstrate his point.
B00009V7T2|5.0|As a musician myself and someone who appreciates art of all types, this album is simply amazing and epic.  I've been listening to it almost non-stop since I bought it two weeks ago.  It's not for those with short attention spans and you could say it's an aquired taste, but to me it's simply &quot;amazing&quot;.   The singing, the instrumentation, the production- amazing.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Nightmarish and powerfull.  Listen to the openning number which could have been written from Don Rumsfeld's May 2004 perspective.  Prophet Radiohead forever!
014100018X|4.0|Chocolat by Joanne Harris can be depicted as an inspirational novel. Vianne Rocher, the main character, is a unique woman who will not conform to the ways of society. This is an amazing story that relates to happiness, sorrow and romance. Harris reflects Vianne as a woman worthy of praise. Vianne easily disregards the opinions of society. She is deeply rooted in her own morals and beliefs. The author captures the spirit of the characters as well as fulfilling the beauty and magic of the town. She also provides vivid descriptions and images of the townspeople and their reactions to Vianne and her daughter Anouk. However nothing compares to the images the author provides when Vianne is brewing up her famous chocolate recipes. My favorite scene was the arrival Roux. I knew something special was going to happen between him and Vianne. Joanne Harris is more than capable of grabbing the reader's attention, in fact she is able to leave their emotions rising and falling with every turn of the page.
0140288503|5.0|This book is so cool. It should be on your top ten list. Well, thats what I think. There is so much action and suspense. I cant stop reading it. There are so many facts. I think that the book was relly good. People should read this book if they're into action. You will probably like it just as much as me. I gave this book a five star rating
014100018X|4.0|Chocolat by Joanne Harris can be depicted as an inspirational novel. Vianne Rocher, the main character, is a unique woman who will not conform to the ways of society. This is an amazing story that relates to happiness, sorrow and romance. Harris reflects Vianne as a woman worthy of praise. Vianne easily disregards the opinions of society. She is deeply rooted in her own morals and beliefs. The author captures the spirit of the characters as well as fulfilling the beauty and magic of the town. She also provides vivid descriptions and images of the townspeople and their reactions to Vianne and her daughter Anouk. However nothing compares to the images the author provides when Vianne is brewing up her famous chocolate recipes. My favorite scene was the arrival Roux. I knew something special was going to happen between him and Vianne. Joanne Harris is more than capable of grabbing the reader's attention, in fact she is able to leave their emotions rising and falling with every turn of the page.
B00005ASHM|3.0|Come on! Please!<br />Other than &quot;Wouldn't it Be Nice&quot;, &quot;Sloop John B&quot; and &quot;God Only Knows&quot;, there is not one other fully strong song on this album. &quot;You Still Believe in Me&quot;, &quot;Don't Talk&quot;, &quot;Let's Go Away for Awhile&quot;, &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; and &quot;Caroline No&quot; are nice songs; the effort and work that went into them is impressive; but the songs themselves are pretty weak, especially the lyrics. The remaining songs that I have not mentioned are just awful, and let's just leave it at that. And anyone that compares this album in any way to &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, &quot;Revolver&quot; or &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; should be laughed out of whatever country they live in.
B000148KK2|3.0|I was anxiously awaiting the release of her next CD. Diana's last few albums have really taken her in a new direction musically.  It took me a month to have 'The Look of Love' grow on me.  I have listened to this new CD twice and feel like I have to force myself to put it in the player if I ever hope to have it grow on me as well. I was instantly in love with 'Love Scenes', 'When I Look in Your Eyes' and 'All For You'. Not one of them is ever an arm's length away from my CD player. Diana, get your groove on girl, but don't forget your roots.... Come home soon -- I shall remain a dedicated, and anxiously awaiting fan!!
B000002AGE|5.0|What can one say after everything has been said about this landmark recording?  Is all the hype surrounding Heavy Weather true?  In a word, YES!  Let me also respond by saying if someone were just to begin a jazz-rock CD collection, this is the recording I would recommend to buy first.  Not only did it achieve both artistic and commercial success (we all know how difficult that is), but it represented a single moment in time where 3 musical geniuses (playing skills AND composing skills) appeared on the same album at the height of their powers.  I know of no other recording by a single music group where I can say that was also the case.<br />I won't go into the details of the recording itself since I know that has already been written about in great detail.  What I will say is for someone who is just beginning to learn about jazz-rock fusion, Heavy Weather is probably the easiest to initially understand.  Because of the rock and pop elements that are so relatively dominant on this record (but still retaining an unquestionably high level of pure jazz &quot;chops&quot;), I can't imagine anyone who would outrightly dislike this CD.  Even my mother likes it and she's more into folk and dixieland, lol!<br />There is a little bit of everything thrown into the mix
B000035Z3K|5.0|Bela Lugosi simply is Count Dracula; his brilliant performance in this 1931 classic, the first supernatural-based &quot;talkie,&quot; defined the role, and - somewhat unfortunately - the role defined him for the rest of his career.  Lugosi was born to play Dracula, and the influence he and this film continue to have in the movie business is really amazing.  When you go back and watch the film today, though, a number of problems pop up for those with a discerning eye - these do not lessen the impact of the film, but they do make you conscious of the fact that Dracula could actually have been an even greater film than it was.  This fact is brought home even more forcefully when you watch the Spanish version of the film, for it really is a much better film than its English counterpart.  If only Paul Kohner had been allowed to produce the English version, combining the virtuoso performances of Bela Lugosi and Dwight Frye with the superior story quality and atmospheric powers of the Spanish version, Dracula might well still be in theaters today, enjoying a 73-year run.<br />Dracula was blessed with a top-notch group of actors and actresses.  It's hard to believe that Bela Lugosi was not the first choice for the role of the Count, but at the time he was a relatively unknown immigrant actor.  His accent, mannerisms, and unparalleled, unquantifiable presence made him perfect for the role.  He had already played Dracula hundreds of times on stage, but Lon Chaney, Sr., would have played the part had he not died of cancer a few months before Dracula started production.  By that time, the movie budget was down to almost nothing, and almost nothing is basically what Lugosi got paid for his amazing work.  Dwight Frye is superb as poor Renfield, Dracula's reluctant henchman and servant eventually torn between serving his master and saving the life of Mina (Helen Chandler), the damsel in distress.  Frye's ability to vividly project the manic madness of Renfield stands as the best supporting acting job I've ever seen; Renfield constantly steals the show from everyone but Dracula himself.<br />Since this film basically defines Dracula and vampires themselves in the realm of popular culture, it's amazing to go back and see just how big a difference there is between Bram Stoker's novel and this 1931 production (the movie doesn't even begin to compare with the novel).  The very opening, for example, wanders far afield from Stoker's vision - here we see Renfield rather than Jonathan Harker making the trip to Dracula's castle in Transylvania in order to finalize the Count's move to jolly old England.  This major switch does much to further endear Renfield to our hearts, but it does tend to make Jonathan Harker into an ineffective character.  Then you have the very appearance of the villain - Bela Lugosi's suave, hypnotically charming Count Dracula is a far cry from the hideous vampire of Stoker's novel.  The film has a few continuity problems and really quite silly gaffes here and there, although these do not get in the way of the story, but there were obvious problems with direction and budgeting.  The economic burdens of the Great Depression took a chunk out of the Dracula budget, and you end up with a film of one hour fifteen minutes that should have run a good deal longer.  There are minor continuity problems, a few scenes that seem to be cut off prematurely, and several questions and ideas not adequately answered or resolved.<br />The Spanish version of Dracula is a real treat indeed.  Running a half hour longer than the English version, this movie did not leave nearly as many gaps in the storyline and actually added much insight into the work as a whole.  The Spanish cast and crew shot their own version of the movie on the same sets, working through the nights to produce their own very different version of Dracula.  Lupita Tovar is wonderful as Eva Seward, and the cast and crew really come together to outperform most of their English-speakingcounterparts.  The men playing Dracula and Van Helsing tend to overact a bit at times (and Carlos Villarias had the misfortune to be someone other than Bela Lugosi attempting to play Count Dracula), but the Spanish version is a superior film that possesses a warmth and sense of humanity somewhat lacking in the rather cold and calculated atmosphere of the American version.<br />In a sense, you get three versions of 1931's Dracula here: the standard English language version, that same version featuring a new musical score composed by Philip Glass (and played by the Kronos Quartet), and the Spanish language version.  Each has its strengths and weaknesses.  Many fans are not enamored with the Glass score, but I think it works very well at times, particularly in those silent moments when we watch Dracula creeping up to the bed of his next female victim.  If you could combine the best of all three versions of the film, you would get not only the ultimate Dracula film but the ultimate horror film of all time.  Each version is well worth watching.aking counterparts.  The men playing Dracula and Van Helsing tend to overact a bit at times (and Carlos Villarias had the misfortune to be someone other than Bela Lugosi attempting to play Count Dracula), but the Spanish version is a superior film that possesses a warmth and sense of humanity somewhat lacking in the rather cold and calculated atmosphere of the American version.  <br />In a sense, you get three versions of 1931's Dracula here: the standard English language version, that same version featuring a new musical score composed by Philip Glass (and played by the Kronos Quartet), and the Spanish language version.  Each has its strengths and weaknesses.  Many fans are not enamored with the Glass score, but I think it works very well at times, particularly in those silent moments when we watch Dracula creeping up to the bed of his next female victim.  If you could combine the best of all three versions of the film, you would get not only the ultimate Dracula film but the ultimate horror film of all time.  Each version is well worth watching.
0156012197|4.0|Many recommendations were made about \\"The Little Prince\\" by the French author Antoine de Saint-Exupery. It was believed to be the most translated book in France. Recently after reading the book myself, I was amazed by how the author could write it in very simple words but with very essential meanings. Since our teacher already told us to keep in mind about those figurative languages used in the story,I had been looking for metaphors and personifications while reading the book. It was really difficult to find the connection with the real world. Sometimes I knew that there must be a secret meaning of some phrases and words but I just couldn't figure out what it was exactly. For example, the baobab in the story was a very huge clue to the explosion of something if you don't take care of it before hand. However, it took me a while to put the connections into words even though I knew there must have been a deeper message in the descriptions of this plant. It was a very brain-twisting book. You have to put a lot of thoughts about what you are reading. The words that you are reading are not just the simple words you see. You must read it with your heart, read it over in your mind and picture the scene of what is being described. I especially love the quote \\"One never sees clearly with its eye. What is essential is invisible to the eye.\\" I thought it was a very thoughtful and meaningful phrase. I strongly agree with it because I thought it was really true of how people normally doesn't see things with only their eyes; people can't see the other side of the story with their eyes. Also, the ending of the story was very sad and astonishing. Of course I'm not going to reveal the ending of you visitors that haven't read the book yet, got to read it yourself! However, I thought some parts of the book was very confusing. If it wasn't for teacher's hints and helps from other classmates, I wouldn't be able to understand many of the figurative languages. Nevertheless, overal, it wasa very fascinating book. I specially bought one of \\"The Little Prince\\" in Mandarin since we used the school book in English when I read it. I think I would definitely refer to it again after I am more experienced in the future.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|I wasn't really expecting the film to be that good, the only reason I saw it was due to Jack Nicholson's appearance. So I expected a generic Hollywood love story, and was given a generic Hollywood love story, so nothing new. But the film does have a strong cast with Jack Nocholson, Diane Keaton, Keanu Reeves and Amanda Peet, and the acting is good throughout, Jack plays himself as always (best Jack Nicholson film is As Good As It Gets), after a surprising performance in About Schmidt. Diane Keaton does well and so do the two supporting roles.<br />The film is mainly based on a man who dates a model and falls in love with her mother, you can probably guess who plays the parts. So, a dull plot, but that's ok, dull plots don't always kill a film. But dragging it on for an extra hour does. There is simply not enough plot for a two plus hour film, I felt like I was watching Lord of The Rings with old lovers. The film looked like it was going to end, then....no, we have to see ANOTHER SCENE, then it's going to end maybe.....no, maybe....no, maybe.....no. This does not make for good viewing unless you are very patient, VERY patient. If the film ended more sensibly I might of felt obliged to give it four stars, as it was a good solid love film and was funny, but it went on, and on, and on, and...
0380789035|2.0|Considering the awards and positive reviews Gaiman received for American Gods, I was dissapointed by the quality of the story.  Though he has some creative ideas, and has solid prose, there is very little depth here either in the plot, or the characters.  I'm not spoiling anything by saying that the basis for this story is that people's beliefs of gods and mythical creatures throughout time has caused these beings to actually manifest themselves within human society - why not?  It's an interesting idea with alot of potential for social commentary on the state of American culture, religion, philosophy, etc.  Unfortunately, this rambling mess makes no effort to realize this potential.  The story is a mindless, poorly thought out struggle between a handfull of legends and avatars representing various technologies (e.g. TV, the internet, the media, etc.).  You would think that there would be some mention of modern religion (Chistianity, Islam, Judaism), but no, it's conspicuously absent.  In fact the plot really doesn't make alot of sense - it's not clear why the gods are fighting, nor what is to be obtained by fighting (the ending left me scratching my head).  The legends picked for the story are in my opinion eclectic and obscure.  The main characters are in general two dimensional, and create zero emotional resonance.  The plot is a slow tour of mundane, mid-West America, which I have to believe will bore most people out of their minds.  It seemed like the main character, Shadow, spends half the book in a small Wisconsin farm town, where we learn about all the local town personalities, for no particular reason.  Finally, the gratuitous sex in this book exemplifies how dumbed-down this story is.  I'm fine with sex and violence, as long as they're tastefully done, and make sense in context of the story.  It seems like the sex here was purely thrown in for shock value.  Don't waste your time or money on this book.
B00007LTIL|4.0|I was NEVER a fan of the Dead until the past few years, as I have gotten into more mellow music and jam bands, and began to rediscover the past music that I either ignored or didn't get a chance to appreciate.  And I am not one to flock to a band that EVERYONE says is GREAT, like the dead...so here I am praising this great CD, as that is just what it is.  You do not have to be a 'dead head' to appreciate the brilliant songwriting and mellow swing this CD puts you in!!!<br />The GD are really known for their miles of jams on live CD's, but if you don't want that *right now*, pop this gem in for some great dead music.  If you want the endless jamming, well we all know that there are other GD choices there...  Any way you look at it, I consider American Beauty one of the best albums (CDS) ever made!  For those that doubted that these potheads could ever put together a focused CD of great music without turning a 4 minute song into a 40 minute one, look no further - these guys are legendary, and this CD is the ultimate proof.
B000021Y77|4.0|I don't think this movie was really so much about the untypical heroine versus hero.  I think it was more about the what-ifs situations.<br />This movie is an interesting take on public perception with a heavy emphasis on the Butterfly effect.  Lola has 20 minutes to produce 100,000 Marks or her boyfriend Manni gets killed. As she's running through the streets of Berlin figuring out how to come up with the cash, she bumps into people along the way who see this red-headed stranger in a hurry. No one really knows why she's in such a hurry nor is she aware of what's going on in their lives. Lola bumps into a woman with a baby carriage; what little importance she has for this woman as she struggles to save another life.  The feelings are mutal from the woman, yet, three times we get a glimpse into her three possible futures. The uniqueness of the movie is depicted in three alternate endings based on different choices Lola makes in her desparation to get the cash for her boyfriend. <br />Lola doesn't make discoveries about people until she stops for more than a minute to realize what is going on around her, and vice versa.  Had she never gone to her father for money, she never would have found out he was having an affair.  Had she stopped to talk to the woman with the baby carriage she might have found out she was buying a lottery ticket she would later win or was beaten or which ever scenario panned out.  But then she would have missed the chance to meet her father.  Etc.  Etc.  Etc.  Questions  leading to more questions to more questions.<br />The butterfly effect is seen throughout the movie even in the beginning when Manni blames the loss of the money on Lola not showing up on time to pick him up after the drug deal which caused him to take the train to bump into the homeless man who distracted him from the sack of money he was supposed deliver and leaving it on the train.  At first you scoff at the boyfriend's irresponsibility for blaming Lola for his own mess up, but that's where the butterfly effect really begins and, like it or not, Lola started it all. <br />In the final scenario, Lola makes a different choice...she stops running lon enought to spend a few minutes with a dying man in an ambulance as he recovers. In the end, the running was for nought.  Her boyfriend ends up solving his own problem. Lola wass useful in one man's life but useless in helping another. Is it all inconsequential?  Just a passer by?  Probably not.   <BR>  <BR>If you're not into alternative films then this might not be for you.  Even I was left a little confused. Yet, it's a worthwhile movie taking on a curious angle on how in some form or another our actions affect others just in the nature of our being.
B0000024Z7|5.0|I bought this album when it came out in 1972 at the ripe age of 15. I was a big fan of the first 3 albums and bought it without hearing a note. Imagine my adolescent surprise when this album required much more effort to adore. I've since learned that music I like immediately loses it's flavor on the bedpost overnight. The toe tapping fades with the umpteenth playback...<BR>This work represents a unique moment in time and a significant artistic accomplishment. You don't have to love every track to appreciate the expression and departure from easy commercial returns. It stands alone as a bold canvas created to satisfy Santana's inner exploration instead of a records company's profit motives. Like a lot of great music, this one captured a lot more ears because the artist had a name, and I for one, am richer for the effort. This stands as my favorite Santana album.<BR>Push yourself to learn every cut and you'll find it takes you someplace you've never been. The greatest musical gift of all.
0767836324|1.0|Just because two award-winning actors star in a movie, it doesn't automatically mean it'll be a good film.  Some people commented on how badly the new Peter Pan was and actually preferred this version. I have no idea why.  Hook's portrayal  was over the top and not even dangerous.  He was a total goof, almost more so than Smee.  Peter Pan as an adult in tights after he returns to Neverland and the Lost Boys accepting him in...unlikely.  And who the heck is this skatebording freak Rufio? <br />Even more annoying than Hook and the adult Peter Pan were Robin William's bratty little children.  In fact all the children in Hook seemed like they fell out of the nursery somewhere or just learning to talk.  They just seemed much to young to be Lost Boys. The ones in the new Peter Pan film, were far more realistic.  They were kids being kids and having fun, but with enough intelligence to know what's going on aorund them. Julia Robert's Tinker bell was okay at best and far less mischevious.  Boring.<br />The new Peter Pan is very much in line with J.M Barrie's version of him and a much better choice of film.  The great part about it, it's played by an acual kid.  The what-if take on Pan growing up just kills the whole essence of eternal youth that is Peter Pan.  <br />A waste of a movie.  Only watch when seriously, seriously bored.
B000002KGT|5.0|I still remember this album back in 1976 - hearing it in Cleveland, Ohio.  You couldn't go ANYWHERE in Cleveland, and not hear &quot;Dreams&quot;, by Fleetwood Mac, from their fantastic album of ultra personal songs, Rumours.  All the record stores in Randall Park Mall in 1976 were playing nothing but songs from that album.  &quot;Thunder only happens when it's raining.&quot;  I'll remember those lyrics, forever.......
B00000EZTQ|4.0|John Carpenter's_Halloween II overall is an excellent horror film, which exceeds conventional horror and could be on the level of science-fiction. The \\"eerie\\" image of the film taking place in Haddonfield Memorial Hospital is what sets this movie off. The beginning of the film (October 31, 1978 in Haddonfield, Illinois) sets off the creep-factor as the classic tune \\"Mister Sandman\\" plays, as the dark leaves on the trees sway and the Doyle House comes into focus. Laurie Strode is taken_by stretcher_out of the Doyle House where she was stalked by Michael. The movie then again takes on eerie overtones using the effects of dark overlay music, as Laurie is being removed from the Ambulance (through the Ambulance Entrance) into the hospital. The setting becomes even darker as \\"The Shape\\" finds his way into the hospital's dimmly lit corridors, making way for a final dramatic confrontation with (HIS SISTER) Laurie. *The classic tune \\"Mister Sandman\\" heard at the beginning of the movie sets thoughts in your mind that \\"something serious is going on here.\\" Speaking of eerie, the added organ to the \\"Halloween Theme\\" (which identifies the sequel as a movie of it's own from Halloween) and additional overlay music make it a nail-biter. This movie along with the original and H20 set the entire mood of HALLOWEEN! In memory of Donald Pleasence and Debra Hill. **Please see my review of HALLOWEEN.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Finally the classic Star Wars is coming out on DVD in superior sound and picture quality.  It will be the bomb. I know that this is not the Original versions from 77' but I don't care. The changes are not that bad to the Special Editions and are petty to complain about. These are still the same movies. The only change I didn't like was the famous Greedo shooting first scene, which is being rumored to be changed back anyway. These may not be nesisarily the Special Edition from 97' but \\"how George envisions them today\\" Any changes if at all will be minor and only enhance the experience. I highly reccomend you buy this set. Everyone else I know will.
6305922756|4.0|_This is Spinal Tap_ is a very funny, very original comedy that centers on the idea of a fake \\"rockumentary\\" of a fading British heavy-metal group.  Rob Reiner does a superb job and the film actually feels like a documentary instead of a bunch of sequences designed to entertain.  This movie will particularly appeal to musicians (or those that know and love them), though everyone will enjoy the comedy of this waning band being booked second to a puppet show and doing an act with a Stonehenge set, only to have a miniature Stonehenge descend on stage.<br />Whether it's Nigel explaining to us that his amps go to 11 or, my personal favorite part, when he starts to solo during a show, using a violin to play his guitar, only to stop and retune the violin, this movie will make you laugh time and time again.  A must see for all fans of comedy delivered with a serious bent and dead-pan splendor.
B00003CXXP|1.0|Following in the footsteps of many, many superior science fiction attempts at understanding the human condition (Blade Runner being only the most obvious), AI trundles through its overlong running time like a clumsy big budget behemoth. Pretty pictures do not a good film make. Osmond, a future VH1 &quot;Where Are They Now?&quot; candidate if there ever was one, does his best at playing the vapid David, a small android chock full of repressed psychosexual rage and abandonment issues. The audience is forced to trek with David through a landscape populated by machines with hearts of gold, leaving one to wonder if it would have been possible for Speilberg to force feed us the question &quot;what does it mean to be human?&quot; any more obviously than he does with the constant stream of bad human/good machine scenes. I took this movie as a personal insult from the director, since he apprently believes his audience completely incapable of appreciating subtlety or allusion. Want to set up android discrimination as a proxy of race discrimination? Why, have a mechanized Chris Tucker robot hurled by white rednecks into a jet turbine! Doesn't get any clearer than that, folks. The ending of the film fumbles its chance at redemption, choosing not to finish on a dark note, but rather to pound the poor audience with yet another hamfisted allusion (This movie is Pinnochio!! Did you get it?!?!). Lots of people like to say this is a flawed but brilliant film. I think it's an awful but pretty film.
B0001Z53AQ|3.0|This album is ok. D12 dosn't have the best rappers. Eminem, Bizarre and Kon Artist are the only ones with some respectable talent.<br />Also this is not the typical rap that most hardcore rappers would expect or want. D12 and Eminem cash in on the teeny bops of Ameria with coming out with zany and funny lyrics and beats. If your looking for some real Eminem rap or even real rap, don't pick this up.<br />But it is fun to listen to. To bad only a few songs on here are even worth listening to. <br />1.Git Up-It makes you wonder how this even got on the cd. Horrible track<br />2.Loyalty-Stupid chrous and weak verses.<br />3.Just Like You- A pretty funny track with only Bizarre rapping. Its pretty good.<br />4.Ill Be Damned-An ok track. A good chrous was put together for this.<br />5.Dude (skit)-Funny Skit<br />6.My Band-The pop rap song that got them on TRL and MTV so everyone would buy there album.<br />7.U R the One- Weak verses. Would not recommend this song.<br />8.6 in the Morning-Crap. The beat dosn't really match up with there flows at a few points and chrous is stupid.<br />9.How Come-A song about Kim. Chrous is ok. Flows are ok, overall an ok song.<br />10.Leave Dat Boy Alone-A nice and interesting beat.<br />11.Get My Gun-A good track. Funny.<br />12.Bizarre (skit)<br />13.Bi***-A funny song about club girls. Nice beat.<br />14.Skit<br />15.D-12 World-Horrible.<br />16.40 oz-A loud car thumping song. One of the better on the CD.<br />17.Skit<br />18.American Psycho II-A good beat. Good chrous. Good flows and rhymes. One of the better.<br />19.Skit<br />20.Good Die Young-A song about there previous group member that was gunned down. Nice song. One of the better.<br />21.Keep talking-ok song.<br />If you liked the last album, pick this one up because it defenitlly improves. But for others, pick this up if you have some extra cash lying around.
B00009V7T2|5.0|BUY THIS ALBUM. sice i bought this album nothing musically had been the same for me, it made me realise that music truly is art it isnt just about a group of friends getting together and making some distortion and screamin over the top of it. every song on the album is sooo well put together. the songs are extreamly comlex. the layout to the song is not verse, chorus,verse, chorus heavy part, chorus and end each song has breakdowns whtch leave you listening to 4 mins of pure instrumental genious. Everyone should love the mars volta and if not love them at least respect them for there talents. all you need to do now is go out, buy the album and listen to it, trust me you will never look back.
B000000W6R|5.0|Hello,... This album is gold and it does not matter if you are in pumpkins or not . Let's kick off with Soothe it is gentle, acoustic and a great start to the album. Frail and Bedazzeled,  get's a Skunk kind of sound an it is a rocking, great song. Plume comes in number 3 and has an interesting.Whirr is a acousic, gentle song. Blew away is a Iha song, it is mostly a slow song, accept it gets rocking at the end. Pissant shows a punk song orientation. Hello kity kat continues rocking with great riffs and lyrics,and a funny title is  perfect,.Obscured is on number 8, it should be on Lull, but it is here. Obscured is folowed by  acoustic song Landslide... beautiful song.  Number 10, it is  Starla, The best song on the album, one of pumpkins best . Next one is another old song from Lull, Blue... it has a  bass intro, and i love it, and so i love Girl named Sandoz... La dolly vita is another great song, that sounds, like Gish album. After that there is a weird finish to the album with Spaced, which is to bad to review. Well, that this is it, buy the album ... till next time... rock on<br />S.J.
B000002AVF|5.0|On Mariah's sixth album, the listener is drawn in by a sweet sounding falsetto riff. . .  and then bombarded with every instrument Dave Hall could find in the studio.  The original pop version of Fantasy is loud and obnoxious.  The song became a monster hit because of the Sean Combs version (quieter except for ODB the loudest thing about the remix)It's lyrics are very engaging . . . Images of Rapture Creep into me slowly. . . Mariahs voice is also the driving force behind the song which is why critics can say what they want but cant deny her.  <br />Fantasy is followed by Underneath The Stars which to that date was Mariah's most laid back song and paved the way for later songs such as Fourth of July and Yours.  <BR>One Sweet Day the huge collassal collabo with Boys to men is also unfogettable lyrically and emotionally.  <BR>Open Arms is a mess . . . lazily sung and emotionally plastic<br />Always Be My Baby is a very catchy tune that went on to become Mariah's 12th #1 single probably among Jermaine Dupri's best work<br />Other standout tracks include ... Babyface's Melt Away, Forever and Daydream.<br />But the albums best moment comes at the end, Looking In are probably Mariahs best written lyrics and the production is so simple and haunting that this song will remain in the listeners head long after the album has finished playing<br />Overall . . . another Mariah Classic but the best was yet to come. . .
0380002930|5.0|I wasn't required to read this book in high school.  I had heard of it, but not necessarily about it, and wasn't interested in reading about a bunch of rabbits.  Last year I was scanning my mother-in-law's book shelves looking for something to read, happened upon it and thought. &quot;Why not?&quot;<br />Much to my surprise, I was soon engrossed in the tale of a brave bunch of rabbits fleeing the environmental abuses of man and the elitest attitudes and folly of their fellow warren inhabitants.  <br />Without giving away any details, I will say that their encounter with the Efafra warren brought immediately to mind the quote attributed to Benjamin Franklin, &quot;Those who would sacrifice liberty for a little security, deserve neither liberty or security.&quot;<br />It was a very karmic read in these days of the ill-begotten and ill-named PATRIOT Act.
B0000028VT|5.0|More than 10 years ago this album was released to fans eager to see whether or not Mariah's 4th album would be a big sell or a big flop and we all know what happened with this one. <br />Musically this is an excellent album.  The song lyrics and production, though safe are not boring.  Dreamlover and Hero the blockbuster singles satisfied both pop radio and fans alike alluding to much of the sucess this album garnered.  <br />The real noteworth songs here though are Without You . . . It's much underrated and overlooked B Side Never Forget You and Music Box.  On all three of these tracks we have Mariah at her best vocally and emotionally.  <br />The albums fast tracks Now that i know and I've been thinking about you are awful and couldve been left off the CD<br />Overall this is a must have for any fan of the artist and anyone curious about Mariah and her work.  This album is the template for Daydream, Butterfly and Rainbow.
0515123447|2.0|That the \\"who's the traitor\\" plot cleaves too closely to cliche to be a mystery is forgivable (well, not really), but the fact that none of the characters -- including two Ivy League professors who spend a year thinking about it -- can puzzle out the incredibly obvious plan the bad guys have in motion is embarrassing.  The book moves decently, though, and the action is above average.  I would definitely try another \\"Jack Reacher\\" book -- at least as soon as another \\"Harry Bosch\\" or \\"Lucas Davenport\\" book -- but I would bail out if I thought Child was being this lazy again in plotting.  A better book than this is the original \\"The Killing Floor\\" (70s) by Jacob Asch, or for that matter Geoffrey Household's \\"Courtesy of Death\\" (60s) with which this book shares a number of similarities.
0920668372|5.0|This is an amazing book.  I cannot get through it without bawling like a baby.  <br />I have a 4 year old daughter and a 2 year old son.  My daughter and now my son for that matter do not like being called a baby any more.  I just tell them that no matter how big they get that they will always be my babies.  They don't yet understand that the emphasis is on the word \\"my\\" not \\"babies\\".<br />This book depicts a parent who understands her role in life:  Pour your love into your child at whatever stage of life they are in.<br />I really love Sheila McGraws's illustration.  They add poignancy to Robert Munch's saga.  <br />I disagree with putting the toilet picture on the cover, though.  The book is not really about the antics of the child it is about the love of the mother.  If I were the decision maker (which of course I am not), I would put the picture of the mom crawling into her 2 year olds room on the cover.  That picture captures the essence of the book.
B0001I55OC|1.0|Actually the book is mildly diverting if you've time to kill. At least it deals with some practicalities of such a ridiculous premise. For example, how could you talk to someone in the 13th century? The film, of course, doesn't bother with such subtle issues. It could be forgiven some short cuts (OK, let's make all the Brits sound like bored, pathetic actors from Stratford and 'ave all zee Frenchies talk jurshst lark Frenchies do any 'ow) but in fact the plot's virtually unitelligible and in the end you don't care if anyone escapes or not. Hopefully, one day I'll invent a time machine so I can go back and stop them ever making this rubbish in the first place !! P.S. Why is one Brit actor an American and another a French women ?
6305364648|4.0|Wholesome entertainment: suspense, intrigue, romance, and some high octane action, all rolled into a thrilling *comedy* that's clearly meant to be a spoof of all the unrealistic, &quot;filmy&quot; stunts of Hollywood.  Delectable.<br />Reviewers who complain about over-the-top action probably missed the telltale signs of this intended parody: the horse-motorcycle chase, or the scene with Arnie jostling with a terrier in the sky. That's the idea, Beavis. Others complain that the militants shown are Islamic. So? There are plenty of movies where the villians are not Islamic, should we sit and pull hairs about each ethnic group being mal-represented?<br />If you can live in the world without a hypersensitive political correctness radar, you'll love True Lies as a stylishly done popcorn piece that blends spectacular action with some pretty laconic wit. Recommended!
B000007T2Z|5.0|Trying to describe the music of Godspeed You Black Emperor is like trying to describe a dream. You can offer an accurate description of the people and places involved and what took place, but actually capturing the essence of the dream is difficult. One must experience it firsthand.<br />So, too, is the music here difficult to describe. You can describe the instruments and how they go about their business, but until you hear it, you won't have a clear picture of what this band is all about.<br />Built upon layers of instrumentation by a band that at times swells to more than a dozen members, Godspeed You Black Emperor, or Gybe for short, mix airy, noisy guitar with strings, sound collages, chimes, and much more. Throwing this array of sounds together, they take fairly simple musical themes and build them up over a long period of time, morphing the musical themes and simple melodies until they metamorphosis into something wholly different than what they began as. This isn't simply droning, lulling music. The effect is a journey.<br />One could liken Gybe records to soundtracks for films that have never been made. It's a description that works, because their music conjures images in your head.<br />On this first album, \\"f#a# (infinity symbol),\\" the handful of songs are less focused as on later records. They meander from theme to theme, soundscape to soundscape, like a series of musical ideas strung together. It works marvelously. Over the course of more than an hour (despite their being only four \\"songs,\\" one unlisted) we hear twisted themes out of an American western, sprawling washes of noise, crescendos of ear-splitting guitar and feedback, and gentle, soothing tones. Mixed through are the sound of field recordings, spoken word bits, radio transmissions and more.<br />If it all sounds very anti-radio, it is. You won't find this stuff on a top 40 station.<br />And how could you? Songs take 15, 20, 30 minutes to build, rising and falling like a tide, going from loud,louder, loudest to soft, softer, softest all within the same track. Strings swell up and dominate, and then guitar takes over, and then some twisted sound effect.<br />Fans of Spiritualized's more noisy and/or more orchestral moments will enjoy this - though don't expect vocals. Bardo Pond fans will appreciate the dense walls of sound. Those recently discovering Sigur Ros are likely to delight in Gybe - though again, don't expect vocal. If you like Dirty Three or Azusa Plane, you'll enjoy this. Even fans of My Bloody Valentine will appreciate the rich, lush musical textures.<br />Godspeed You Black Emperor is a superb band for those who enjoy lengthy songs, sprawling soundscapes and music you can sink into. It's a heady experience listening to this stuff. And it's worth it.
0316666343|5.0|For someone that cant stand reading I couldnt put this book down. I read 46 pages in 1 hour. This book is amazing. I found it breath taking and and mind blowing. You never knew what was coming next. I love the way the author described Heaven. It is everything you wanted the most while you were on earth. I give this book 5 stars because it is something you wont put down till the very End.
B00004ZD69|5.0|After building an underground following on their first two releases, Godspeed You Black Emperor pulled out all the stops for their third major release, \\"Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas To Heaven.\\" Epic in every way, this record sees the band take everything they've learned to this point and apply it to the music. Tenfold.<br />Listeners not familiar with the band can get some insight into the music by this little fact: This two-disc record is over two hours long. And there are only four songs on it.<br />But you won't find 30 minutes of droning per song. These songs twist and turn, morph and change, bending, swirling, exploding, and buzzing as an extended wall of sound. They do not end in the same sort of place where they began, often going through a half-dozen movements or more before reaching the journey's end.<br />One could liken Gybe records to soundtracks for films that have never been made. It's a description that works, because their music conjures images in your head. It's epic noise rock on a classical music scale.<br />Built upon layers of instrumentation by a band that is at times more than a dozen members strong, Godspeed You Black Emperor, or Gybe for short, mix airy, noisy guitar with strings, sound collages, piano, chimes, and much more. They take fairly simple musical themes and, using this vast array of sounds, build them up over a long period, morphing simple melodies until they metamorphosis into something wholly different than what they began as. This isn't simply droning, lulling music. The effect is a journey.<br />But none of that does the sounds here justice. Trying to describe the music of Godspeed You Black Emperor is like trying to describe a dream. You can offer an accurate description, but actually capturing the essence is difficult. One must experience it firsthand.<br />So, too, is the music difficult to describe. You can describe the instruments and how they go about their business, but until you hear it, you won't have a clearpicture of what this band is all about.<br />Godspeed You Black Emperor is a superb band for those who enjoy lengthy songs, sprawling soundscapes and music you can sink into. It's a heady experience listening to this stuff. And it's worth it.<br />If you're into Spiritualized, Bardo Pond, Dirty Three, Labradford, Mogwai, My Bloody Valentine, Flying Saucer Attack and others in this realm, you owe it to yourself to check this out.
B000001A3H|5.0|Long before Josh Homme made the experimental metal band Queens Of The Stone Age, he was in one of the best stoner metal bands ever, Kyuss. Kyuss was a band from Southern California, and I think this album best shows the desert influence that they had. This is some great stuff. You have powerful crushing songs like &quot;Thumb,&quot; &quot;Freedom Run&quot;, and &quot;Write.&quot; Then, you have spacey instrumentals like &quot;Apothecaries Weight,&quot; &quot;800&quot; and &quot;Molten Universe.&quot; Some people complain that there are too many short instrumentals. That may be true, but they aren't throwaways. My favorite is 800. It starts out real heavy, than goes into a tribal rush, before going into the super heavy &quot;Writhe.&quot; Writhe is by far, the best Kyuss song ever. It's super groovy, really calm vocals, and just kicks ass. People have also complained about John Garcia's vocals. I for one, think that he really helps the band with his raspy yelling. He may sound a little southern, but who cares? Anyway, this is a great album. Buy iy if you're a true metal fan. I also reccomend Electric Wizard and Sleep.
B00000I8NC|5.0|\\"Slow Riot for New Zero Kanada,\\" the second release from the brilliant Godspeed You Black Emperor, is a 30-minute EP that is probably the band's most mainstream friendly release.<br />And when we're talking about 30 minutes that bend, swirl, explode, buzz and drone as an extended wall of sound, that's saying quit a bit. Because this stuff isn't mainstream AT ALL.<br />It is, however, possibly the best introduction for a newcomer to the band, more rooted in traditional noise rock than their other releases, and easily digestible at just 30 minutes or so.<br />Trying to describe the music of Godspeed You Black Emperor is like trying to describe a dream. You can offer an accurate description, but actually capturing the essence is difficult. One must experience it firsthand.<br />So, too, is the music difficult to describe. You can describe the instruments and how they go about their business, but until you hear it, you won't have a clear picture of what this band is all about.<br />Built upon layers of instrumentation by a band that is at times more than a dozen members strong, Godspeed You Black Emperor, or Gybe for short, mix airy, noisy guitar with strings, sound collages, piano, chimes, and much more. They take fairly simple musical themes and, using this vast array of sounds, build them up over a long period, morphing simple melodies until they metamorphosis into something wholly different than what they began as. This isn't simply droning, lulling music. The effect is a journey.<br />One could liken Gybe records to soundtracks for films that have never been made. It's a description that works, because their music conjures images in your head.<br />This second release is more focused that the first album. Here, rather than the mish mosh of smaller pieces and collages strung together on the first record, this EP shows Gybe evolving into what they have become, working out what is essentially a single piece (despite \\"songs\\" being listed) over 30 minutes. The music rises and falls. The layers here are dense and thick, rising and falling like a tide. Strings swell up and dominate, and then guitar takes over, and then some twisted sound effect. Transition pieces are overlaid with the spoken words of an insane man.<br />If it all sounds very anti-radio, it is. You won't find this stuff on a top 40 station.<br />Godspeed You Black Emperor is a superb band for those who enjoy lengthy songs, sprawling soundscapes and music you can sink into. It's a heady experience listening to this stuff. And it's worth it.
6304779607|4.0|This is a classic Sylvester Stallone action movie.  It's one of the best he ever made.  Cobra was mostly known for the number of people killed during the movie.  It far exceeded any previous record for an action movie...bordering on the comical.  Some of the things you'll remember...  The match he keeps in his mouth. His awesome gun.  His Mercury which is painfully destroyed during the movie.  And the most memorable moment is when he meets up with &quot;Night Slasher&quot; (Brian Thompson) at the end and gets an earful about the judicial system.  &quot;They'll say I'm insane.  Won't they...PIG!?&quot;  If ever there was a classic piece of film it's this encounter.  Me and my friends still joke today about how spittle and sweat comes from his mouth when he says, &quot;PIG!&quot;.  It's hilarious.  That alone is worth owning this movie.  In all, it's typical of 80's action films.  Sylvester's films always seem to have a fair amount of cheese in them.  It's a given.  At the same time tho, they don't make films like this anymore.  The days of the action hero seem over, but they can be relived with movies like Cobra.
B000002G87|5.0|Despite being a real Cream fan, I've never subscribed to \\"Clapton is God\\" theory. However, Derek and the Domino's LAYLA AND OTHER ASSORTED LOVE SONGS is, I believe, one of the greatest rock albums of all time. The musicianship is absolutely incredible, the songs are amazing, and I think that it features Clapton's best blues playing of his career. <BR>I recently rebought this on CD. I had it on tape from when I was a kid, but I wore the darn thing out. <br />All of these are love songs; ballads, blues numbers, and straight out rock. Duane Allman plays rhythm guitar and backup vocals on many of the selections, and the effect on the energy is palpable. This is infectious rock and roll at its finest, played with a maturity and sincerity that I think is really hard to find anywhere else, and is listenable in any context. All the songs are complete and balanced; there is no self-indulgent excess here, and the band is tight. Although these are all love songs, the main reason why this album just plain WORKS is that there is no typical rock adolescent fixation on sexuality, and there is no hyper-sincere self-pitying narcissism that marks most rock love songs from the seventies and early eighties. Just look at the \\"monster ballads\\" for sale on late-night TV, and you understand that its only by our nostalgia and camp humor that bands like Journey still get by.<br />LAYLA totally transcends that. There is real content, real sincerity, and superb playing that takes this album to a higher level. Clapton's writing and arrangements are perfect. The covered tunes are great selections; various in style and translated perfectly by the band. Each song holds up on its own, and the album as a whole is unsurpassable. \\"I Looked Away\\" starts out right away with a straight forward, tightly played song. \\"Bell Bottom Blues\\" is a classic in its own right; Clapton, no great singer by any measure, nails this one. The 9+ minutes \\"Key to the Highway\\" is a great blues romp that is never tedious. \\"Why Does Love...\\" is a frantic balls-out jam. The cover of Hendrix's \\"Little Wing\\" almost makes for an off-note with its pretentious intro, but having two singers and great guitar solos makes it a wonderful tribute to Jimi. \\"Layla\\" of course is the one everyone knows, a 7-minute song with the 4-minute ending; a glorious excess. My personal favorite, however, is the last tune: Bobby Whitlock's solo \\"Thorn Tree in the Garden,\\" which is so soulful and elegant I wish it were more well-known. <br />Almost have the songs are over 6 minutes. Altogether the album is almost 78 minutes. So quantity and quality all come together here. This is definitely a must-have. Clapton's best work. It'll liven you up on the sunny days and get you through the rainy ones.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|&quot;Give 'Em Enough Rope,&quot; while it was quite good, was pretty much preparation for this album.  &quot;London Calling,&quot; incorporating punk style into Rock and Roll, is a genius album.  There's such a variety of styles here.  There's punk, eggae, ska, rockabilly, R&amp;B, pop, hard rock, and even lounge jazz.  <br />The album starts off with &quot;London Calling.&quot;  An explicity political song, but it has a great tune, and has become a Classic.  Next, is &quot;Brand New Cadillac.&quot;  It sounds like 50's style Rock 'n Roll, but The Clash gave it a modern punk twist.  It's short and sweet at 2 minutes, and has a pretty good guitar solo in the middle.  Personally, I love &quot;Jimmy Jazz.&quot;  It's basically another song about working-class rebellion, as well as bashing authority.  On top of that, it has a great melody, and some great guitaring in it.  &quot;Hateful&quot; is what I described previously as &quot;rockabilly,&quot; and it's a great song, and it sounds sort of like Jive in some places.  <br />&quot;Rudie Can't Fail&quot; is another awesome song.  THIS song turned me into a raving Clash Maniac.  It is very Ska-ish, but also has that punk edge to it.  SPLENDID song.  Ah, &quot;Spanish Bombs.&quot;  Yet another song about political upheavel.  It has a great guitar line, and it's sound is way before it's time.  You cannot describe &quot;The Right Profile&quot; to someone has not heard it.  It's THAT good.  There are horns, saxophones, and guitar, vocals, percussion and bass all rolled into one.   It can't get much more awesome than that.  &quot;Lost in the Supermarket&quot; has a very interesting melody, and some very good guitaring in it.  Even though this album was made in 1979, it sounds like a mid-eighties song.  LOOKING FOR THE &quot;CLAMPDOWN!&quot; THIS song is another song that turned me into the aforementioned Clash Maniac.  It sounds like Hard Rock, but rather mild.  It's not Black Sabbath or anything like that.  It's much more cheerful, but still has some gret guitar chords, vocals, and lyrics.<br />&quot;Guns of Brixton&quot; is almost Hip Hop/R&amp;B, but also has Ska and Reggae incorporated into it. Also, it has an actual melody.  Great song; you can tell that modern bands were infulenced by this song.  &quot;Wrong 'Em Boyo&quot; starts out with about 30 seconds of a great version of Stagger Lee, and then it goes right into this amazing, classic Punk/Ska song.  It has horns, saxophones, and other band instruments, but it's not over-the-top.  &quot;Death or Glory&quot; has a great guitar and bass line.  It has a real driving rhythm, and you can tell that some bands today were also infulenced by this song. <br />&quot;Koka Kola&quot; is quite fast, and pretty short at 1:47.  I'm not absolutely certain what it's about, but its yet another great song.  &quot;The Card Cheat!!!!&quot;  This is a GREAT song.  It has a FANTASTIC piano line, and it's very bassy.  It also has horns and saxophones and things like that. Once again, AMAZING song.<br />&quot;Lover's Rock&quot; reminds me of a mid-seventies hard rock song, or at least the beginning does.  It's pretty much a sweet song, with simple guitar and instrumentals.  Nevertheless, it has some great lyrics, and a good guitar solo in the middle.  &quot;Four Horesemen&quot; is not a really well-known song, but it's definitely a classic.  <br />Three more songs! The next is &quot;I'm not Down.&quot;  The great thing about this album is that despite the fact that it has 19 songs, none of them sound alike.  This is another fine example.  The Clash were amazing at writing and recording such a wide range of styles.  If you listened to a modern rock album today that had 19 songs, I'm sure that after listening to basically the same tune over and over again 19 times you would be ready to stick your head in an oven.  <br />&quot;Revolution Rock&quot; is very very very supremely Ska.  It reminds me a bit of Bob Marley and that &quot;Don't Worry, Be Happy&quot; song.  However, The Clash have rock-ified it a bit more and made it simply groovalicious.  The next song is probably my favourite on the album.  &quot;Train in Vain (Stand by Me)&quot; has a great melody and guitar line.  It's not as Ska-like as a lot of the others, but it has become a CLASSIC Clash song (as far as I'm concerned.)<br />The Clash have reached musical perfection with this album.  How many bands do you know that can touch almost all music genres and not look like idiots?  Not too many.  They have political songs, as well as heartbreak songs, and not look like overly sentimental saps.  The Clash will be remembered through many generations as one of the greatest bands that ever revolutionized punk rock.  This album proves it.
B000000ISR|5.0|Despite being a real Cream fan, I've never subscribed to \\"Clapton is God\\" theory. However, Derek and the Domino's LAYLA AND OTHER ASSORTED LOVE SONGS is, I believe, one of the greatest rock albums of all time. The musicianship is absolutely incredible, the songs are amazing, and I think that it features Clapton's best blues playing of his career. <br />I recently rebought this on CD. I had it on tape from when I was a kid, but I wore the darn thing out. <br />All of these are love songs; ballads, blues numbers, and straight out rock. Duane Allman plays rhythm guitar and backup vocals on many of the selections, and the effect on the energy is palpable. This is infectious rock and roll at its finest, played with a maturity and sincerity that I think is really hard to find anywhere else, and is listenable in any context. All the songs are complete and balanced; there is no self-indulgent excess here, and the band is tight. Although these are all love songs, the main reason why this album just plain WORKS is that there is no typical rock adolescent fixation on sexuality, and there is no hyper-sincere self-pitying narcissism that marks most rock love songs from the seventies and early eighties. Just look at the \\"monster ballads\\" for sale on late-night TV, and you understand that its only by our nostalgia and camp humor that bands like Journey still get by.<br />LAYLA totally transcends that. There is real content, real sincerity, and superb playing that takes this album to a higher level. Clapton's writing and arrangements are perfect. The covered tunes are great selections; various in style and translated perfectly by the band. Each song holds up on its own, and the album as a whole is unsurpassable. \\"I Looked Away\\" starts out right away with a straight forward, tightly played song. \\"Bell Bottom Blues\\" is a classic in its own right; Clapton, no great singer by any measure, nails this one. The 9+ minutes \\"Key to the Highway\\" is a great blues romp that is never tedious. \\"Why Does Love...\\" is a frantic balls-out jam. The cover of Hendrix's \\"Little Wing\\" almost makes for an off-note with its pretentious intro, but having two singers and great guitar solos makes it a wonderful tribute to Jimi. \\"Layla\\" of course is the one everyone knows, a 7-minute song with the 4-minute ending; a glorious excess. My personal favorite, however, is the last tune: Bobby Whitlock's solo \\"Thorn Tree in the Garden,\\" which is so soulful and elegant I wish it were more well-known. <br />Almost have the songs are over 6 minutes. Altogether the album is almost 78 minutes. So quantity and quality all come together here. This is definitely a must-have. Clapton's best work. It'll liven you up on the sunny days and get you through the rainy ones.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|I confess, I was not a Hendrix fan when I bought this album.  I had heard ONE song, and only 30 seconds worth of it.  However, what I heard I KNEW was something worth listening to.  I bought Experience Hendrix, and fell in love with Classic Rock.<br />This album starts off with &quot;Purple Haze.&quot;  Probably Jimi's most famous song, and everyone STILL loves it today.  It has all the elements of a perfect rock song.  Next, we have &quot;Fire.&quot;  It's fast, it's catchy, and it shows off his skill.  &quot;The Wind Cries Mary&quot; is mellow and sweet and absolutely gorgeous.  I personally love &quot;Hey Joe.&quot;  It's rather slow, but it has a great melody.  The following song is GENIUS!  Poor Bob Dylan, Jimi really upstaged him here.  &quot;All Along the Watchtower&quot; is the quintessential Jimi Hendrix song.  It's musical bliss!  Listen to the Bob Dylan's version, then listen to Jimi's.  One ncan only pity poor Bob.  &quot;Stone Free&quot; is also a great song.  Jimi shows off his guitarmanship, and I must add that it has quite a good bass line. Time for a paragraph break so you folks don't get bored.<br />Ah, &quot;Crosstown Traffic,&quot; if only rock songs nowadays could be as good as this.  It really is quite an addictive song.  &quot;Manic Depression&quot; is next.  You might think from the title that this song is slow and, well, depressing.  It is NOT.  It has good lyrics, and the song is fast, catchy and has some great guitaring in it.  I also must add that the drumming here super.  OH MY FAVOURITE SONG IS NEXT.  There are not words to describe my devotion to this song.  It is musical PERFECTION.  It's so sweet and so beautiful.  The lyrics are fantastic and gorgeous, as is the melody.  This song is too short.  &quot;If 6 was 9&quot; is another one of Jimi's finest.  It has lyrics, guitaring, and other essential music stuffs.  For those of you who have seen &quot;Wayne's World&quot; you'll know which one I'm talking about next.  Jimi said that &quot;Foxey Lady&quot; was the only happy song he had ever written.  He was probably right.  This song is all about some great-looking girl, and it has some of the best guitaring I've heard.  I adore &quot;Bold as Love.&quot; I am always so pleased whenever I hear one of Jimi's songs because he was such a great songwriter.  This is a great example.  Sure, he probably wrote it under the infulence of 'Mind Enhancers,' but if it creates a great song, then I'm sure there's no harm in that... Except for the risk of dying at 27. <br />&quot;Castles Made of Sand&quot; I never really listened to for the longest time.  Then a fellow die-hard Jimi fan comes up to me and does &quot;OH MY GOD Frances Castles Made of Sand is the TRIPPIEST SONG EVER!&quot;  I gathered that by &quot;trippy&quot; he meant good, so i went home and listened to it.  I never overlooked this song again.  &quot;Red House&quot; is another famous song.  It seems to be the one song that &quot;rocker&quot; guys can brag to girls about.  &quot;Hey, guess what ladies,  I can play Red House oh my Les Paul/Stratocaster/Telecaster/Flying V, etc.&quot;  Most girls reply with &quot;Cool, what's Red House.&quot;  I'm usually the one who always says, &quot;Oh my god thats AWESOME!  Prove it, and let me see your Les Paul/Stratocaster/Telecaster/Flying V.&quot;  Oh there are not words to convey how much &quot;Voodoo Child (Slight Return)&quot; rocks.  The beginning is oh-so-skilled, and you just HAVE to love the rest of the song too.  This is yet ANOTHER quintessential (you can tell I like that word)Jimi song.  There are people who say &quot;Oh yeah I LOVE Jimi Hendrix!  Hurray for Purple Haze!&quot;  Then I ask, &quot;yeah, have you heard Voodoo Child?&quot;  &quot;What?&quot;  It's sad, really, that people overlook this song.<br />&quot;Freedom&quot; is another great song. It's just the Cat's Pajamas.  I wish modern bands could play like this.  Actually, I don't.  NO one should copy Jimi in any way shape or form... You cannot touch his perfection.  I'm starting to sound like a salesperson.  ANYWAYS... Only four more songs! Next we have Night Bird Flying... It has such an inventive guitarline.  I love it.  &quot;Angel&quot; is very 'spacy' and 'trippy' and all sorts of good things like that.  I wonder if this &quot;Angel&quot; was just a result of Jimi's latest... Mind Enhancing. It's still a sweet song though.  &quot;Dolly Dagger&quot; is great.  What can I say?  It's great!  <br />The next song is why I should have been born about 50 years earlier.  That way, I would have &quot;gone on down to Yagur's farm to join in a rock and roll band.&quot;  But we'll leave CSNY for another day.  My grade 7 director for the school play actually RODE ON THE BACK OF A TRUCK TO WOODSTOCK.  How awesome does that get?!  I would have LOVED to hear Jimi belt out &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot;  This track is great.  He revolutionized rock music.  The feedback, the bending chords, ITS SO MUCH TO LISTEN TO IN ONE SITTING, it's that extraordinary.  I would have have rode on that back of a truck with crazy, smelly, likely sado-masochistic hoboes to see Jimi play live.  THAT'S how much i love this album.  <br />In conclusion, it's a real shame, a tragedy, really, that Jimi Hendrix died so soon.  Thank god he had enough time to record all this music so people in my generation can still hear all this genius rock.  This is what music SHOULD be.
B0001FR3IQ|3.0|Some movies are misses not because they're necessarily bad, but because they end up being mediocre even if the people involved are talented and the story has it's moments. Gothika is one such movie.<br />Oscar winner Halle Berry plays Miranda, a psychologist working in a mental institution. One night, after a rough session with Chloe (Cruz), a difficult patient, she goes home only to find the road blocked. After being forced to take a different route, she crashes into a ditch after swerving her car trying not to hit a girl standin in the road.<br />When she wakes up, she's trapped in her own clinic as one of the patients, and being charged for the murder of her husband (Dutton).<br />Is she going crazy? Has she already lost her mind? Did she or didn't she kill her husband and why can't she remember? What follows is a series of discoveries that lead Miranda in a direction she never expected and the answer to the mystery of her madness.<br />However, the film does a poor job in creating true suspense. The whole movie is dimly lit and most of the scenes in the sanitarium have a blue tone, as if to reflect the depression and the fear, but because it is constantly that way, it ends up losing its effect.<br />The acting is simply awful. Berry should return her Oscar after this, and Robert Downey jr., as the friendly (or is he?) doctor gives a stiff performance. The acting was so bad that Pen&eacute;lope Cruz ends up being the best actor in the film. Go figure.<br />All in all, it's not a bad film, but it could have been so much better.<br />Two last comments: the film is superbly produced, which makes sense when you learn that this is another Dark Castle production. Dark Castle, for those of you not in the know, is Robert Zemeckis's and Joel Silver's company for suspense/mystery films, such as Ghost ship and Thir13en ghosts. Also, this film is directed by Mathieu Kassovitz, best known as Amelie's boyfriend Nino.
B00009V7RF|5.0|I'm giving 5 stars.  Simple. Heartfelt. Smooth.
6303182577|5.0|This documentary was brilliantly filmed. The split screen although not new to filming was a great was to show how much was going on at once. The music made my feet tap and my head bounce, it was great. It captured the mood and feelings of the young people of America trying to break through old ways. The first Woodsotck was the best most creative, spirtual, and nonviolent of all time. There will never be another repeat. I can watch it over and over and never get sick of seeing a culture changing infront of me!
B00000I07Q|4.0|You know an album is great when it sounds better every time you hear it.  I picked &quot;New Jersey&quot; up on audio cassette for a dollar, and it was my introduction to Bon Jovi.  Now I own 3 Bon Jovi albums, and I love them all.<br />&quot;New Jersey&quot; is different than the other albums I own (&quot;Slippery When Wet&quot;, &quot;Crush&quot;).  It feels more like a concert than an album.  Whether it was intentional or not, the songs just flow nicely from one to another.  The first two songs kind of get you going, though they're kind of repetitive and more of a &quot;warm up&quot; to the rest of the album.  Then, with an authoritative &quot;1, 2, 3, 4&quot;, the drums come in and &quot;Born to be My Baby&quot; opens.  Then the album hits its stride.  &quot;Living in Sin&quot; follows...it's beautifully written and sung, and shows off the band's ability to harmonize.  If you have the cassette, like me, the 1st side finishes with &quot;Blood on Blood&quot;, a high energy song about the band members' wild boyhood.<br />But if I could only have one side (speaking in tape terms again), it would be the second side.  &quot;Homebound Train&quot; opens, continuing the energy that the first side ended with, and then comes &quot;Wild is the Wind&quot;, a passionate and upbeat song about what it feels like to be seperated from the one you love.  Then comes the mono, record-like recording of &quot;Ride, Cowboy, Ride&quot;. It sounds kind of weak, but I'm still glad it's there, because it makes &quot;Stick to Your Guns&quot; sound that much cooler when it kicks in with it loud drums and beautiful chords.  What follows is probably the best song on the album, &quot;I'll Be There for You&quot;.  I don't know how to describe its greatness, other than to say that it's the song that all of us guys wish we could sing (if we had Jon Bon Jovi's voice) to that one girl who we love, but never seems to love us in return.  And just when you think the song is done, it hits its key change, and you'll just sit back and breathe a sigh.  It's that cool.<br />The last couple of songs on the album aren't that special, but they kind of serve the purpose of &quot;letting you down easy&quot; so that you're actually ready to let the album stop playing.  &quot;99 in the Shade&quot; is a fun song, but nothing special.  The last song, &quot;Love for Sale&quot; isn't really a song, and you'll hate it at first, but after a couple of times, you'll start to find it funny, and you'll like the way it literally finishes the album off with one of the Bon Jovis requesting that they just &quot;say the record is done&quot;.<br />This album may not be for everyone, but it's still undoubtedly a great album, and one of the reasons I still have a cassette player in my house.  Give it a try.
B00005JLT5|5.0|I'm not into heavy dramas, but this film is so genuinely affecting and powerful, I found it simply impossible not to be moved. Even with the myriad of Holocaust movies made, this one stands in solitude as one of the most powerful and unforgettable. Maybe its Adrien Brody's subtley brilliant performance, or the perfectionist direction that somehow elevates the whole thing to world-class standards. Myabe its the fact that this film focuses solely on this one man's experience, as opposed to a mass film. Perhaps its this, that so directly tranports you into the heart and soul of this man and this film, and makes you feel and experience these indescribably harrowing events that took place during the holocaust.Or maybe its the fact that the film takes its time to build up to its wrenchingly potent conclusion-oh God, what a climax.All I can say, is that you absolutelt must, must, must see it. NOW.
B000007R1M|5.0|The best Kraftwerk album. I would give every song on this album a 9/10 score, with the exceptions of Spacelab, which I would give a 10/10, and Neon Lights which I would give a 6/10. The Robots is a cool, classic Kraftwerk song. Spacelab is definately my favorite, with all different sounds and very cool vocals. The Model does sound somewhat commercial, but it is nonetheless a great song. I was a little dissapointed by Neon Lights. It sounded cheesy to me. Last, but not least, The Man Machine is not a dancable song but it is more like a piece of art. The Man Machine is definately the best Kraftwerk album.
B000083LQB|5.0|Regrettably, Sonic Youth haven't gotten as much credit as they deserve as some of the original purveyors of what has since come to be labelled alternative rock, but &quot;Dirty&quot; provides convincing proof that they just may have done it better than anyone else.  Many of the rock bands that gained prominence around this time brought somewhat of an unschooled ethic to their sound, but &quot;Dirty&quot; is a unique, diverse, and immensely enjoyable listen that may well have seen the Youth at the height of their powers.  Many of the rock bands that gained prominence around this time brought somewhat of an unschooled ethic to their sound, but these guys (and girl) somehow managed to combine that rawness with their brilliant musicianship to give listeners the best of both worlds.  This is yet another one of those albums I wish I had gotten years ago, but I guess I wouldn't have appreciated it that much back then.<br />Some of the extended, intricate instrumental passages that characterized earlier albums are still present, but for the most part the songs here are shorter, sharper, and more efficient than their predecessors, continuing the process that was begun right around &quot;Goo.&quot;  Yes, by this point the band had embraced a more traditional rock songwriting format, but these songs rock so hard and so well I can't imagine anyone objecting.  Witness the hard-driving metallic riffage and swirling feedback of &quot;100%,&quot; the supremely catchy hooks of &quot;Sugar Kane,&quot; the thumping rhythms of &quot;Youth Against Fascism,&quot; and the primal force of &quot;Purr,&quot; which combine with Thurston Moore's swaggering vocals to create significantly more fun and interesting listens than anything Nirvana and Pearl Jam were putting out at the time, let alone today's horrible faux-grunge knockoffs like Nickelback and Puddle of Mudd.  Elsewhere, Kim Gordon contributes her trademark punkish aggression on &quot;Swimsuit Issue&quot; and &quot;Drunken Butterfly&quot; and some eerily atmospheric vocals on the edgy &quot;Shoot&quot; and the haunting &quot;The Strip.&quot;  Another classic, &quot;Theresa's Sound-World,&quot; starts out slow and subdued before steadily building to a series of crescendos and some great instrumental segments where Thurston and Lee Ranaldo get to demonstrate their grasp of subtle tonalities.<br />And just in case all that's not enough, &quot;Dirty&quot; has now been repackaged with enough bonus material to make collectors salivate all over themselves.  Tacked on to the end of the original album are four B-sides of varying quality, and even better, there's a whole bonus disc constisting almost entirely of instrumental tracks, many of which eventually found their way onto the album in altered forms.  Much as I like the vocals on the finished products, listening to the all-instrumental rehearsal takes provides a whole new perspective enabling the listener to focus in on the intricacies of the music with nothing getting in the way.  Great stuff this &quot;Dirty&quot; is, and with all the bonus material this reissue is more than worth its price tag.quot; and some eerily atmospheric vocals on the edgy &quot;Shoot&quot; and the haunting &quot;The Strip.&quot;  Another classic, &quot;Theresa's Sound-World,&quot; starts out slow and subdued before steadily building to a series of crescendos and some great instrumental segments where Thurston and Lee Ranaldo get to demonstrate their grasp of subtle tonalities.  <br />And just in case all that's not enough, &quot;Dirty&quot; has now been repackaged with enough bonus material to make collectors salivate all over themselves.  Tacked on to the end of the original album are four B-sides of varying quality, and even better, there's a whole bonus disc constisting almost entirely of instrumental tracks, many of which eventually found their way onto the album in altered forms.  Much as I like the vocals on the finished products, listening to the all-instrumental rehearsal takes provides a whole new perspective enabling the listener to focus in on the intricacies of the music with nothing getting in the way.  Great stuff this &quot;Dirty&quot; is, and with all the bonus material this reissue is more than worth its price tag.
B0002Z0EYK|4.0|This was a very good movie.some may not like it but i enjoyed it. this movie is not the illiad and i recomend reading that book. but it is a good movie.The movie follows the trojan myth for the main part. the basic story is there. there are a couple changes. but all the charitures are their. again a couple things diffrent. the trojan war is said to have lasted for ten years, i did not expect the movie to show a battle for that long.the chartures are well drawn out.they are who u expected to be.<br />agamemnon is a warmonger. paris more a lover then a fighter. brad pitt makes a good achilles. angery, love of battle and fame, at odds with agamemnon. the charitures are pretty much the same as in the myths and in the illiad, well for the most part.<br /><br />all the actors are very good in their parts. pitt ie great. bloom, brain cox,bana, sean bean, and all the others are good. the sets are wonderful. you get a real feel of the culture of that time period. the battles are very bloody. well they are in the same vein as the battles in BRAVEHEART. i have one nit pic about the first fight, part of it looked fack but otherwise a good movie.most of the chartures of the myth are intorduced and as i said pretty much the same as you knew them in the myth. a couple of chartures are not readily intorduced. such as ajax. you'll spot him soon enough though. also look out for aeneas at the end. hes carring his father, an old man, just as in the myth. oddly u dont see cassandra or hecuba of troy. but for hecuba see euripedies play HECUBA. for cassandra see the play AGAMEMNON.<br /><br />This movie has all the basic elements of the Illiad (with a few twists)<br />this movie is the Illiad in short hand in a way.<br />here is a break down of the plot of the illiad which the movie uses<br />1 Temple of Apollo ransacked<br />2 Agamemnon and Achilles fight over a woman<br />3 Paris and Menalias fight. the truce that erupts into war (the movie changes the plot in this story line, with one twist.)<br />4 Achilles refuses to help the greeks, even though agamemnon trys to offer him a peace treaty.<br />5 the greek ships are attacked and the battle at the ramparts<br />6 Portroclis fights and dies<br />7 Achilles and Hector fight<br />8 The funueral games for Hector<br />again this is the basic format of the Illad which the movie uses.<br /><br />other parts are barrowed from the Oddessy, the Aeniad, and other myths of troy. such as the Trojan horse, the death of Achilles, and the story of Aeanes (who makes a cameo at the end).<br /><br /> i highly recomend reading homer's illiad and oddesy after seeing this. a VERY good movie.greeks, even though agamemnon trys to offer him a peace treaty.  5 the greek ships are attacked and the battle at the ramparts  6 Portroclis fights and dies  7 Achilles and Hector fight  8 The funueral games for Hector  again this is the basic format of the Illad which the movie uses.    other parts are barrowed from the Oddessy, the Aeniad, and other myths of troy. such as the Trojan horse, the death of Achilles, and the story of Aeanes (who makes a cameo at the end).      i highly recomend reading homer's illiad and oddesy after seeing this. a VERY good movie.
B00000K31Q|5.0|the entire cast shines in this production of Shakespere's Taming of the Shrew. The jokes are amazing, and all the actors fit their parts well. Thanks in part to the USA network, this movie is ingained as a classic in countless teenagers' minds. I adore this film
B0000CAXIC|4.0|After seeing this CD on &quot;the 22 Greatest CDs&quot; specia,l, I had to get it(and NOT just because it was on that list, but I liked the sound).  I have already thought of Dave Ghrol has an amazing drummer and just as a musical genius.  When I got this CD it was confirmed.  Every song on here is wonderful in its own right.  But the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the song 'Doll' didn't really catch me that much, and after I hear 'Everlong' I usually can't listen to the other two tracks following the album because it is such a great song and is torwards the end.  I think they should have placed it torwards the middle of the CD.  But none the less, AWESOME.  I highly recommend this CD.<br />By the way, when I leant it to a friend, she listened to it all the way through 5 times because it was so good.
B0001HAISG|5.0|Now, the only reason I saw this movie in the first place was because my friend wanted to see it. I saw the previews, and was skeptical. I thought it would be really childish. <br />Was I wrong. And, mind, this is coming from a 20 year old. ^_~<br />The film was excellent, and followed the book better than any of the previous adaptations did (a great majority of quotes can be found, word for word, in the book). Also, unlike previous adaptations, it was actually deep. It showed the similarities between Peter Pan and Hook, that they were both connected by lonliness, and the film just generally dared to explore the much neglected dark side of the tale. I also liked how the relationship between Peter and Wendy was developed and brought to light, and I liked how the ending was not all happiness and fluff--it was bittersweet, and true to life in that way.<br />The acting itself was great! Jeremy Sumpter was the Peter Pan I had always envisioned while reading the book--egotistical, cocky, confident, and yet endearing (and yes, people, he does sometimes have a lisp...but come on! He's playing a 13-year-old. It fits the part)--and Jason Isaacs played the perfect Hook! Menacing, intimidating, yet somehow charming, in a very twisted Hook fashion. The Lost Boys were also great, and all the other actors and actresses did wonderful jobs!<br />As for the special effects...also excellent. The flying scenes were really well pulled off, and the sword-fighting (especially the aerial sword fight!) was memorable and convincing. Neverland itself was just as I imagined, beautiful, ethereal and sometimes eerie.<br />The only complaint I have with the entire film is a scene near the end, the &quot;I do believe in faeries&quot; scene. To me, that scene seemed to last a *little* too long, but in all honesty, it doesn't detract from the film, and the more I watch it, the more I have come to appreciate that scene.<br />All in all, Peter Pan is an excellent and imaginative adaptation of a classicnovel and play, and it is one I can easily watch over and over again, and I, personally, don't view it as a child's film, though I can understand how people can easily assume it is.
B000056K04|2.0|DMB tried to do something new, and it failed. They just tried to rush out this album after the Lillywhite Sessions was leaked, but not released. The album in my opinino has 4 good songs: So Right, Dreams of our Fathers, What You Are, and Everyday. However, it also has many of DMB's worst songs ever (I did it, Angel). Go buy Before These Crowded Streets, that album is sheer perfection.
078681859X|2.0|...the half that was narrated by the demon.  Maybe I've been spoiled to thinking that all boy wizards should be overly heroic (*shakes fist as Harry Potter*), and the boy Nathaniel had definite potential in the beginning of the book, but by the end I could think nothing but, \\"Lords above, QUIT YOUR WHINING AND GO BACK TO BARTIMAEUS!\\"  I thought the idea of magic in this book was much more sophisticated than it is in Harry Potter, indeed, when if you summon a demon and step out of your protective pentacle the demon can proceed to kill you on the spot.  The realness of the magic, the social commentary on how humans work, especially in politcal systems, was very between the lines but could also be enlightening to a middle schooler.<br />Basically, I started out enthralled with the book, I loved everything about it.  But soon, Nathaniel became just another petulant boy, and I really wanted the book to end.  The only enduring character in this book is Bartimaeus, who is both very entertaining (his commentary on humans is always interesting), but I also felt extreme pity for him to have to put up with Nathaniel.  His angst at having the boy for a master came through to me as a reader.
B0001GOH6Q|1.0|I had hopes that I could watch this movie with my 7 yr old son.<BR>When I saw Tim Burton directed it, I had my doubts.  My hopes for a feel-good movie were quickly dashed.  Tim Burton continues to be a director I will avoid, yet this was probabibly his lightest work.<BR>The plot was simple and transparent. 10 minutes into the movie, the ending was obvious.  None of the characters were very overly likable.  <BR>I tell my son better stories than those in the movie.<br />I would qualify this movie as a &quot;'B-' rated theme movie of the 80's&quot; if I could.  The &quot;Brat Pack&quot; made better ones.  It was better than Highlander II, Mortal Combat, Street Fighter, and The Avengers. They got a &quot;0&quot; star rating.<br />It would be a good movie to watch on a rainy Saturday afternoon if there the best thing on TV was an old Tarzan movie.<BR>On second though, I'd watch the old Tarzan movie.<br />Secondhand Lions was far superior and I should have watched it for the 15 time instead of watching this movie.<br />Sorry, but this is my opinion.
B00009V7RF|2.0|yeah they belch out peace<br />but does it look like it is really happening<br />there songs are soulful and there own<br />they have there own originality<br />but they do remind me sort of some other singer<br />name i can't get to come to mind<br />lol<br />cd is okay<br />i recommend buying another cd like:<br />1. chingy<br />2. ludacris<br />3. outkast<br />4. usher<br />5. Eamon
B0001Z53AQ|5.0|this album i think is an improvement over devil's night, mainly because i think the other guys in the group have improved lyrically, and of course eminem will always be eminem, great as always. eminem continues to put out hot albums one after another. its definetly an album that you can listen to straight through, and even the songs that arnt the best on the cd, are still listenable. the only problem i have with this cd is, i really dont know why they decided to put the songs, 6 in the morning, and keep talkin' on here. they are not bad tracks at all, i really like the songs, its just keep talkin' has been on the mixtape circuit for over a year now, and 6 in the morning was one of the songs that leaked on the internet about 6 months ago, so i really wish they would have put 2 other tracks on the album besides those 2. best tracks are, 9, 11, 13, 15 and 16. this is definetly something to hold people over til eminems solo album comes out, buy it.
B00005JMEW|5.0|What a great movie. Great fight scenes. Even a little anime in it. Uma thurman plays a woman who wants revenge for getting beat up, betrade, and a little bullet in the head. Making a hit list and going after the people. The last one on the list is bill (of course). The movie basically explains why she's after  him, who the people who beat her up are, and how she kills the people she's after. This movie is definately a must have for any fan on martial arts, revenge, and bloddy movies.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|Personally I think both the strokes records are great, and gave rock new life in a market that was intrenched in the gimmick of &quot;nu metal&quot; or &quot;Rap-rock&quot;. Lets face it rock music had never been as awful as it was from 1998-2001, whith exception of a handful of groups, the market was flooded with corporate rock-rap garbage like Limp Bizkit, POD, etc. People like to dis the Strokes, but if it was not for them and the White Stripes we would all still have to listen to nu metal garbage on the radio. <br />As far as ROOM ON FIRE goes I feel that it is a superior record to IS THIS IT, in that it a more layered/dense record that gets better with each listen. Whereas, IS THIS IT was more straight forward. ROOM ON FIRE is definetly one of the best records of the year
B0000BWVCM|5.0|The X-men are back and now their in more trouble. After an assassination attempt on the president. Charles Xavier and the X-men are afraid the government will issue the mutant registration act. The culprit is William Stryker. He kidnaps charles and uses him to use celrebro to kill all the mutants in the world. William's son was a former student of charles, but after william wanted him to cure him not help him. The X-men must stop william before charles is able to use celrebro to kill all the mutants.
B000001ESN|5.0|&quot;Each of us a cell of awareness ..imperfect and incomplete, genetic blends with uncertain ends on a fortune hunt thats far to fleet....Been a big Rush Fan from their first album...This is definitely their &quot;avant garde&quot; peice,Geddy,Alex and Neil certainly at their best.Neil's lyrics is exceptional as usual and the whole album gives you a 'dreamy' feel.I wish after the 'Power Windows' album the band could have bring back Terry Brown and produce a couple more Masterpieces as this!!!
0066620996|5.0|This is one of the best business books I've ever read.  It shows very successful ways for a company (or team) to:<br />a. Determine what it does best.<BR>b. Shape that skill into a successful business model.<BR>b. And then focus the organization's efforts behind that effort.<br />This book demonstrates how this works well by giving examples of companies that have succeeded or failed in the past.
B0001L3LUE|4.0|McNamara at 85 is still a compelling figure.  As the subject of \\"Fog\\" he dominates the viewer with his piercing intellect, but one that is puzzled, and often regretful, over his life and the events he participated in.  It's not breast beating sorrow over Evil America however - which I found refreshing, but more like a thoughtful analysis of days gone past by a man, an important man, who can't get beyond \\"I didn't know\\" and \\"I still don't know...\\" These ruminations are, as simple as they sound, important confessions from a man who was known for his obsession for facts.  Basically, McNamara is now saying that facts, allied with a rigid and faulty policy can, given all the unmeasurable variables of war, lead you nowhere - into a Vietnam (or an Iraq). <br />\\"Fog\\" contains some good footage from both World War II, as well as Vietnam, but as an overall visual experience, such moments seemed secondary.  What was most fascinating for me however were the various audio tapes between McNamara and Kennedy, and later McNamara and Johnson.  In fact, there is one exchange between Johnson and McNamara that makes \\"Fog\\" worth seeing all by itself.  In it, Johnson scolds McNamara, repeatedly cutting him off, over the issue of Vietnam.  What it reveals is McNamara's less than enthusiastic support, and Johnson's obsession with the domino theory.  One annoying part of \\"Fog\\" is the occasional shouted out questions from an unseen interviewer.  The tone of the \\"shouts\\" makes the interviewer sound like some self righteous former member of the SDS saying \\"I told you so.\\"  The interviewer wasn't even needed for \\"Fog,\\"and he comes across like an angry polemical fly that occasionally interrupts the flow of McNamara's story,  which itself is less about politics and more about history - and its fog.
B0000TB01Y|4.0|I've now listened to this album quite a few times, and here are my thoughts:<br />SINGABLE AND MEMORABLE?:<br />In contrast with what others have written, I think that this album is quite singable and relatively memorable.  It's not Andrew-Lloyd-Webber-Hook-worthy (and IMHO, that's okay!), but it's not Sondheim-inscrutably-complex, either.<br />RECORDING QUALITY:<br />In contrast with many cast albums, I'm able to understand nearly every single word.  Enunciation, particularly from the leads, is simply outstanding (and much appreciated!)  With that said, I'm less impressed with the chorus, which often doesn't blend as well as it should, and in at least a couple of tiny spots exhibits minor pitch problems.<br />ORCHESTRATION:<br />I agree with what others have written.  It's okay, but overdone in parts and too synthesized in other parts.<br />LYRICS:<br />Occasionally clever, clearly heartfelt, but often suffering from cliches and superficiality.  Sondheim writes more richly complex and delightful lyrics, IMHO, and with the important issues raised by Wicked, I think more could have been done with lyrics overall.<br />SINGERS:<br />I know I'm gonna get majorly dinged for this, but upon repeated listenings, I find that I enjoy Idina's voice far more than Kristen's.  I'm sure that Kristen's voice matches her demeanor and character wonderfully, but it loses something in its translation to CD.  In contrast, Idina's nuances and belting give me chills.<br />THE STORY:<br />I'm able to understand it pretty well just by hearing the CD, even without having seen the show (I wish I had seen it when it was here in SF!)<br />THE MUSIC:<br />Once again, I guess I'm in the minority, but I enjoyed some songs with more complex melodic and harmonic twists (&quot;No Good Deed&quot;), and grew tired of what I perceive as some of the other overly-simplistic lite-rock style songs.  I like 'pop' musicals (I simply adore Chess!), but with Wicked, the pop feel just didn't resonate with me too much of the time.<br />And as I hinted above, I know that the uncompromising-fans of Wicked will now rush to mark my review something bad.  So be it.  I'm resigned to not being popular; I'm just a wonderful, sentimental man... defying gravity with a mixed review.  And thank goodness, eh? ;)ime.<br />And as I hinted above, I know that the uncompromising-fans of Wicked will now rush to mark my review something bad.  So be it.  I'm resigned to not being popular; I'm just a wonderful, sentimental man... defying gravity with a mixed review.  And thank goodness, eh? ;)
B0001GOH6Q|2.0|Being a Burton fan, I wanted to like this better, but it never really clicked.  There are quite a number of wonderful scenes in \\"Big Fish,\\" but stringing them together into a whole is a problem.  Albert Finney as Edward Bloom is miscast.  He doesn't seem to get a grasp on the character (very unusual for Finney), or at least doesn't harmonize him with the earlier version of Bloom - as played (wonderfully) by Ewan McGregor.  And without that key element, the movie doesn't have a heart - or least only half a heart. Still, this is an ambitious movie, and two stars seems low, but it's this very ambition that I think sinks the film.  It's crowded to the point of not leaving much of an impression.  (And it has more \\"guest\\" appearances than \\"The Greatest Story Ever Told.\\"  If there's an actor you've missed seeing lately, check out \\"Big Fish.\\")  The movie runs in a million seemingly picaresque directions at once, ultimately leading me nowhere. I did feel the ending to be very well done, but by that time I'd lost most of my interest. My son's condemnation - every 10 minutes or so, seemed appropriate: \\"This is boring.\\"
0743454529|5.0|This time, it has the different characters taking turns talking in this book ~~ instead of just one or two main characters. This time, Picoult takes you into the deepest parts of your souls and minds ~~ makes you search for the truth that lies within. She doesn't make it easy either. You may be the reader, but she is taking you on a journey that has happened to other people ~~ and makes you question, what would I do in this situation? <br />Anna was born to be her sister's perfect donor match. Kate has one of the worst forms of leukemia which often is fatal to its victims before the age of five. The issue starts with Anna when she is thirteen and asks to be legally free not to give up any more of her platelets, organs or marrow for her sister. This is how the story begins, with Anna. There is Sara and Brian, her parents who have been caught in this medical nightmare for years. There is Jesse, the girls' older brother who has been shoved aside because of Kate's illness. This is a fight for Kate's cure ~~ at the cost of severing family relationships. There is Campbell, the attorney who decided to take on Anna's case and Julia, a former love interest who is also appointed by the court to be Anna's guardian. Their voices entwined and weave a compelling story that keeps the reader hooked from the first page. It makes the reader question ~~ what would I do in Sara's shoes or Anna's shoes? Or what if ... it's a soul-searching novel. You cannot read this and walk away unscathed. It's impossible to read any of Picoult's books without stopping to think of what could be.<br />If you're looking for a light read, then do not read this book. In some ways, this is Picoult's darkest novel and in other ways, it is her most redeeming novel. She brings the truth out of the dark places and makes you face it. Then sometimes, there is redemption when you least expect it.<br />This is perhaps her finest novel. If you're a Picoult fan, don't be shy in getting this one.<br />5-14-04
1592400876|5.0|Lynne Truss writes a wickedly funny treatise on the death-- if we, the faithful who care about apostrophes,  are not armed and ready to fight the barbarians-- of punctuation as we know it. Of course, her dilemma is that only people who care about correct punctuation are the ones who will read this fascinating book. Those who are most guilty will not or cannot read her.<br />But for those of us who read this book there are wonderful tidbits. For example, Oliver Wendell Holmes said that We have to dismount from an idea and get back into the saddle again at every parenthesis while the writer Gertrude Stein found question marks the most uninteresting of all punctuation marks. F. Scott Fitzgerald said that the exclamation point (as it is known in America) is &quot;like laughing at your own jokes.&quot; My favorite image from the book is that of the semicolon that &quot;quietly practises the piano with crossed hands.&quot;<br />For those of us who care, Ms. Truss gives a good review of the rules of punctution. She discusses thoroughly the correct use of all forms of punctuation, from the apostrophe to the hyphen, and compares the differences between British and American usage. She also discusses the blight that e-mail messages have brought on us all. &quot;I keep thinking that what we do now, with this medium of instant delivery, isn't writing, and doesn't even qualify as typing either: it's just sending. What did you do today? Sent a lot of stuff.&quot;<br />I fear that punctuation problems are worse on this side of the pond than they are in England. I attended a black tie event recently for over 300 people in which words large enough to be read from the back of the dinning hall were projected on a huge screen behind the speaker. The apostrophe was used over and over to express the plural, rather than the possessive of words. I felt as obsolete as a rotary telephone.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST ALL TIME WESTERNS.MY DAD TURNED ME ON TO THIS SERIES AND I THANK HIM ALL THE TIME.I TOOK THE CHANCE TO READ THE BOOK BEFORE I WATCHED THE VIDEO AND WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. DUVAL AS GUS MACRAE IS IN MY MIND HIS FINEST PORTRAYAL ON FILM.HE CAPTURED THE CHARACTER PERFECTLY.LOVABLE AND CAREFREE YET SMART AND DEADLY WHEN NEEDED.ONE OF MY ALL TIME HEROES.TOMMY LEE JONES AS WOODROW CALL IS EQUALLY GOOD , STUBBORN (LIKE MY WIFE:), AND SO DEDICATED.DIANE LANE IS GORGEOUS AND HER CHARACTER LORRIE IS PLAYED TO PERFECTION.THOUGH NOT A BIG BUDGET FILM (TV MINI-SERIES) THIS VIDEO IS STILL GRAND.A STELLAR CAST AND SCREENPLAY THAT ADHERES TO THE ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPT MAKES ME A HAPPY GUY! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00006GFAB|5.0|Although this CD offers nothing new for diehard fans, it has a very good song selection that spans most of the band's career. There are a few career gaps, but that's hard to avoid when trying to fit all the great songs of a band like KISS onto a single disc. This CD would make a great gift for a new fan or a good place to start if you want your first KISS.
B0000027FQ|5.0|ACCEPT IS ONE OF THE BEST METAL BANDS THAT GETS NO CREDIT.IT'S A SHAME.THE TRACKS RELEASED ON RADIO BACK IN THE 80S MADE THEM SOUND LIKE A AC/DC RIPOFF ,MUCH LIKE KROKUS WAS THOUGHT TO BE, BUT BOTH PROVED TO BE SO MUCH MORE!THIS LIVE CD IS THE BALLS!I HAD THE PLEASURE OF SEEING THIS TOUR A FEW TIMES (METAL HEART).KISS IN WORCESTER ,A SHOW AT THE ORPHEUM IN BOSTON AND FINALLY HEADLINING A GIG AT ROCKY POINT PARK IN RHODE ISLAND.AS SOMEONE WHO LOVES METAL I MUST SAY ACCEPT WITH MICHAEL WAGENER AND METALLICA WITH ZAZULA DEFINED THE &quot;CRUNCH&quot; THAT IS PREVALENT TO MODERN METAL.AS FOR THIS CD=GREAT! CLASSIC TUNES LIKE BREAKER AND FAST AS A SHARK AS WELL AS METAL HEART WHICH I LOVE .WOLF HOFFMAN IS IN MY TOP 10 ALL TIME GUITARISTS LIST AND THAT SAYS ALOT.HE IS SADLY OVERLOOKED WHEN IT COMES TO THE GREATS IN METAL WHICH IS WHY I WANT TO SALUTE HIM AND HIS EFFORTS!
B00007LTIA|5.0|Yes really shines when they do longer songs. I can't understand why anyone who is interested in music as a whole would not love this. Tales is one of their best. The Revealing Science of God and The Remembering are awesome. YES RULES!!!
B0000025YL|5.0|THIS IS IT BOYS AND GIRLS! THE METAL ALBUM!!!!!.I HATE TYPING SO IT WOULD BE EASIER TO WRITE WHAT TRACKS SUCK.FACT IS THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST!! METAL ALBUMS(DATE MYSELF HERE) OF ALL TIME.BUT SO YOU MIGHT WANT TO KNOW CHECK OUT=FAST AS A SHARK,RESTLESS AND WILD,DEMON NIGHTS AND PRINCESS OF THE DAWN.NUFF SAID??
B0000669JL|5.0|Bob Marley is the undisputed king of reggae, and this cd shows that in full force. There is not a bad song on this whole cd. May his music live on forever.
6304595247|1.0|This film has soiled the movie industry for me, with its sickening sentimentality, and total disregard for the text.<br />Wuthering Heights, the book, is not a straightforward love story. It's complex, dark, and intelligent. Cathy and Heathcliff are not textbook lovers. In fact, they are not lovers at all. Mostly, they're just mad people, who have a very deep connection. <br />This film, is a love story. The writers have taken the characters and plot, raped, pillaged, violated and completely mutated them, leaving only their names intact. Cathy is turned from a volatile, spoilt maniac, into a flailing heroine. Heathcliff is turned from a ferocious, abusive animal, into a romantic hero<br />It's an alright film, if you want a love story. If you've read the book, do not watch this film. The rich tapestry of human emotion, thought and sanity explored within the book is quite simply absent in the film.
B00005LANG|5.0|This is another good album from the king of reggae. All the songs are good , but Natural Mystic, Jamming, and Waiting in Vain are the best. The only problem is, if you already own Legend, you have over half the songs from here.
B000069HK2|5.0|words can not describe the impact this band made in my life<BR>i listen to their stuff over a friends house and instantly got hooked right in you cant go wrong with screaming metal and emo at the same time this band reminds me of nobody they are in a league of their own.the bests songs are blue and yellow,poetic tragedy and well the whole album.please i beg you to embrace this band cause their not gonna be excepted inot the mainstream we all nee a fuse of electricity and bert and the band brings it on. if you see them live then you know what i mean.peace.god bless
B000002KDO|5.0|THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST SABBATH CD'S ALONG WITH THEIR DEBUT CD AND PARANOID.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.FIVE STARS.MY FAVOURITE SABBATH CD.
B000068TPN|5.0|this is the most compelling movie i ever saw to see what theses young guys did for us and to see how the battle sequences were done incredible mel gibson i think truly had one of those roles i thought barry pepper is a upcoming actor to watch and to truly understand the cost of a war is just watch the battles i cried to tears and remember war is not the answer for any problems<BR>with that said this is the best vietnam movie to date <BR>especially how they handle the telegrams parts. loss for words
B000002G87|5.0|THIS CD FROM THE SUPERGROUP HE FRONTED AFTER CREAM WAS ONE OF HIS BEST EVER FEATURING GREAT SONGS LIKE KEEP ON GROWING,LAYLA AND BELL BOTTOM BLUES.THIS FEATURED THE DUAL GUITARING TALENTS OF DUANE ALLMAN WITH ERIC CLAPTON.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. A MUST HAVE.
0783225881|1.0|It's a Costner movie so don't expect great acting<br />Stupid plot. Kill crops for a stupid baseball field. Think of the families or starving children in some stupid African country those crops would have fed.<br />Who cares about some ghost that wants to play baseball. Waste of time. If u like Feel Good moveis that don't make sense and lose any sense of reality and have and hour or 2 to waste, see this film now!<br />Stupid movie
B000002G87|5.0|THIS WAS ONE OF HIS BEST CD'S FEATURING THE GREAT DUANE ALLMAN VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00003CXTG|1.0|What can you say about a movie that makes the tragic attack of Dec. 7, 1941 a backdrop for a stupid love triangle! <br />The only part of the movie that is any good is 40 minutes of combat that does not include Ben (of Benifer).<br />If your looking for a GOOD movie about Pearl Harbor check out TORA TORA TORA.
B000068FY0|5.0|Most Supertramp purists refuse to acknowledge that this is the first album of the lineup that the group would find their greatest success and be known for.  The piano jam in &quot;School&quot; is not only ear candy, but recognized as a Rock and Roll classic instrumental break.  Enjoy this album.  Its' song subject may be somewhat depressing, but these instrumentalists draw the listener right in with their skill of knowing what it takes.  Maybe not a classic album, but an album worth putting in a time capsule so future generations will know what good music was in the 1970's!
B0001L3LUE|4.0|The Fog of War\\" is Errol Morris's Academy Award winning documentary. In it he interviews the controversial political figure Robert McNamara, even though we don't hear much from Morris, who was the first president of the Ford Company that was not a Ford. His tenure as president lasted only five weeks after first receiving the position of Secretary of Treasury and then Secretary of Defense from John F. Kennedy. Claiming he was not qualified for either position, McNamara accepted after Kennedy said, \\"Look, Bob. I don't think there's any school for presidents either.\\" After leaving Washington with a controversial legacy, McNamara became the president of the World Bank.<br />As Secretary of Defense during Kennedy and Johnson's administration, McNamara's career is assessed by the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Vietnam War. The heart of this documentary is listening to the amount of wisdom brought by a man who has been misunderstood and even under appreciated. The film is sectioned with chapters that are based on McNamara's lessons. Not all are compelling but McNamara sustains your interest as he speaks his mind based on what his career has taught him about his life and about the world we are situated in; past, present, and future.<br />\\"What `the fog of war' means is: war is so complex it's beyond the ability of the human mind to comprehend all the variables.\\" War is not something we can judge and understand adequately and as a result humans beings kill other humans unnecessarily. \\"The Fog of War\\" could not have been released at a better time than now, when a war is being fought with a justification that has become obstructed. It is an important documentary that makes us realize the full scope of the consequences of war. McNamara does not necessarily judge the U.S. but instead teach. Furthermore, he is not an idealist as he says, \\"I'm not so nave or simplistic to believe we can eliminate war. We're not gonna change human nature any time soon.\\" I agree. I don't believe wecan eliminate terrorism either. <BR>-Please finish my review at [...]
B000059MEK|5.0|This is a grat cd BUY BUY BUY
1592400876|5.0|This book is a hilarious, very British (i.e., very dry) diatribe on the poor use of grammar today.  As the author explains, the book is for the select few: grammatical sticklers.  And as the author hilariously points out, &quot;Grammatical sticklers are the worst people for finding common cause because it is in their nature (obviously) to pick holes in everyone, even their best friend.  Honestly, what an annoying bunch of people.&quot;  Some of the reviewers on this site could be cited as case in point.<br />    So if you, like the author and me, are a grammatical stickler, someone who finds the grammatical mistakes of others amusing, you will enjoy this book.  For example, I found it very amusing that one of the reviews of this book, a book about the use of punctuation, inappropriately puts the words &quot;gift list&quot; in quotations as if to say that it is merely a hypothetical gift list because he doesn't actually plan on giving any gifts.<br />    You will have the opportunity to learn punctuation, although the punctuation you learn will be British.  And as the author points out British punctuation is slightly different than American punctuation.  For example, on page xxiv of the Preface to the North American edition:<BR>...<BR>    American usage interestingly places all terminal punctuation inside closing quotation marks, while British usage sometimes &quot;picks and chooses&quot;.  (Like that.)<BR>...<BR>Personally, I suspect some people may not actually read the book closely enough to learn these kinds of important grammatical distinctions.<br />   In summary, if you're a grammatical stickler who enjoys dry humor, you'll enjoy this book.  But it's a select few.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Let me add my 5 stars for Kanye West's new album to the other 500 reviews.<br />I am soon to be 36 (AND a college graduate!).  I like hip- hop/rap but I can't get with everybody on the rap/hip-hop scene.  And though I like some of all types of music , I like more old school r&amp;b than anything.<br />Kanye's album is brilliantly produced in many ways -  subjects, music, mixing, lyrics, and style. It is also versatile, and I dig the collaborations and guest appearances.  EVERY SONG is GOOD, and that doesn't happen too often with an artist's album. <br />Throw in the skits for added humor, and you have a debut cd that's a winner!<br />Kanye West dropped out of college and pursued his dream.  That is because Kanye's particular path/pursuits do not require college study at this point and time in his life. (But hey people: don't get it twisted; most of us still need college degrees to make headway in this world.)<br />But anybody with a dream has to exercise courage, take the heat, look foolish and follow their unique path to realize that dream -and be somewhat oblivious to public opinion/conventions.<br />By the sound of this first cd, K. West did the right thing at the right time.
0385335482|4.0|Sophie Kinsella introduces us to Rebecca Bloomwood, a shopaholic if there ever was one. She writes for a financial publication, but dreams of writing for a fashion magazine instead. However, if she can't get a job writing about it, then she might as well go shopping!<br />Very quickly, the reader will understand the extent of her \\"illness\\". Short on cash, bank managers and credit card companies send her multiple letters encouraging her to contact them in order to discuss her credit situation. Rebecca, refusing to surrender, tries out some advise she received: Spend less or make more money. As she tries to curb her spending, she runs into some trouble and realises that this might not be the best approach for her. She then attempts to make more money. This leads to some more interesting situations. As she seeks refuge from her creditors at her parent's house, her life will take an interesting turn (for the better, let's hope).<br />This book makes for a fast, light summer read. Hopefully, you won't recognize yourselves too much in this character, but you will feel attached to her throughout the story.
B000000W5H|5.0|&quot;Time waits for no-one&quot; has an excellent gitar solo.  Probably the best the Stones have recorded.  Don't know who it is as Richards only does tired rythym.
B00000FCBC|4.0|I bought this cd back in 98 when it first came out and still listen to it to this day. my favorite cd is disk 2 and disk 1 is good except for free speech, its electric, loverman, and the more I see. if you take out those songs and insert 4 new ones you have an awesome cd. metallica admits they love playing covers and they do it well. I love that they make the covers their own in a way. I hope they do another cover cd but with better choices.
B00006JO6O|2.0|After Listening to Black Notice and then The Last Precinct, I just feel like this author needs to take an anti-depressant or something.  What she does to her characters is just simply abuse.  I dare you to find anyone in these books who laugh or tell jokes or anything.  Everything, all the time is just so  serious.  Not to mention there is NO suspense what so ever in these two books.  NONE.  A lot of scenes are just a waste of time.  We find out too much information on unimportant characters.  Yes, she knows her stuff about forensic pathology but you need more than that for a SUSPENSE story.  Mainly, you need to feel your main character is danger--and I don't mean just the last two pages of the book.  Once upon a time, Kay may have been cutting edge...now, she's too much of a victim.  Everything happens to her.  She doesn't come off as in control of anything.  From her ex-lover to her job--she's a victim.  That goes for her neice too.  She's trigger happy but somehow it's some kind of conspiracy theory of why ATF wants to get rid of her.  And that whole-by the way, I'm a millionaire bit is just hogwash.  The moment she filed her taxes ATF would have know about her \\"extra income.\\"  Chapters on her just watching a video.  Long sessions just talking about herself to her friend/ phychiatrist...it's just boring.<br />Plus, there is just too many characters and too many balls in the air.  Maybe Lucy needs her own series.  That way we can deal with her trouble family life, lesbian lovers, problematic career, and questionable monies there and not clog up this series.<br />Can Cornwell write--yes.  Can she tell a good story...I'm not too sure.  But hey, she's not the first to make Bestseller status on mediocre books and I doubt that she'll be the last.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|i loved this movie so much, very touching. Amazing
B00005JLR8|5.0|Wow.  This movie has the most wonderful cast, with a terrific storyline too.  I was stunned by the emotion of the movie overall and the incredible acting, especially by the two sisters.  Even though this is a movie, they give not a hint of knowing it, flawlessly playing the parts of two girls who are watching their family fall apart over a tremendous loss.  I was amazed by the girl who plays Christie Sullivan.  She was able to make the character, though very young, have a certain wisdom that's very evident and crucial to the integrity of the movie.  Christy Sullivan is the daughter who opens her father's eyes, protects her younger sister, befriends a desperate man, and weaves the family back together.<br />This movie has a lot of depth, able to evoke emotions you never knew you had.  I think a lot of aspects worked together to make this movie an great success.  Cinematography was very important, as it captured every mood of the characters.  Acting was crucial - and the actors never let go of you heart through the entire movie.  Dialogue was excellent, as you watch their interactions, what the characters say are very important to understanding their agonies, hopes, and realizations.  I'm sure there are many more factors that make this movie so emotional - it's a feast for the senses.  But my vote is for the acting - how movie characters in this movie can seem so real...the genius of it...blows the mind.
0792844890|5.0|Spaceballs, a comic masterpiece directed by Mel Brooks, is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen. I own the trilogy of Star Wars and I watched every movie in the trilogy before I viewed this movie. After I watched Spaceballs, I found myself in a state of pure laughter as I saw Mel Brooks and John Candy imitating the trilogy of Star Wars. Anyone that wants a good funny movie to view should buy Spaceballs today.
B00000JLWW|5.0|Titanic is both beautiful and moving, I, along with many other, love this movie. I highly reccommend it.
B0000C16OQ|3.0|Disc 1 is like the original album, which I also own.  1 major flaw is that &quot;Love Is A Many Splendored Thing&quot; cuts off at the very end of it!  I was upset by this, hence the 3 stars instead of 4.  Disc 2 is a lot of fun w/some remixes and sing-a-longs, all in all, I'm pretty happy with it being that I'm a HUGE Grease fan.  If you like Grease, you'll love this, it's fun.  Too bad when they &quot;remastered&quot; it, they didn't catch there 1 mistake.  Oh well, at least I have it on another album.
B000002H33|5.0|that song's got metallica's best riff ever made.buy this cd if you like metal.then buy dream theater's live cover of the entire album at their web site-to put it in perspective,just think of half the solos being played on keyboard.(and it's not what you think-it totally kicks ass!)
0066620996|5.0|This book is perfect for companies seeking to improve their overall position in an industry or for individual entrepreneurs<br />seeking to carve a successful niche in the target market. A strength of the work is that it explains the<br />distinguishing characteristics of great companies as opposed<br />to good companies. In addition, the book provides the important<br />distinguishing factors and lists recent research data to support<br />the claims made . Presentation of the research data alone makes<br />the book a solid value for the price paid.<br /><br />The authors have taken numerous surveys and shaped a success model based upon the top performers across many industries.<br />They've named Abbott, Circuit City, Fannie Mae, Gillete and Nucor as top performers. The success models have many things in common. For instance, the employees value follow-through and a disciplined approach. People usually decide to stay or leave<br />quickly. The leaders develop a vision and adhere to it feverishly<br />or enthusiastically. The managers are passionate about the product or vision, they are best at delivering the product or service and personal drive is high. Change is managed skillfully.<br />This book is very helpful because the authors put together a model based upon successful companies and congruent behaviors that lead to successful outcomes. In addition, the authors deal with the question as to why some corporate strategies do not work. For instance, money alone is not always a cure-all for transitioning a company into the top-performer category. Lastly, the authors explain why successful companies get into the top performer status.<br />The book is a solid value because the authors provide specific data to support the conclusions reached. This book is a solid value for the price paid. It is written well.  Pie charts depict the various statistical data. The book is written for readers who can appreciate visual presentations of data. The data is important because it supports the conclusions reached for attaining successful corporate strategies on an ongoing basis.t supports the conclusions reached for attaining successful corporate strategies on an ongoing basis.
B00000JLWW|5.0|Too many people of this site give bad reviews to this epic classic. It is one of the best films ever made in history, and is still treasured by many today. A full scale model of the ship was made to make this movie (along with other smaller models) and the interior of the grand ship is alomost identical. This movie is the closest anyone will get to being on the Titanic the way it was in 1912. I think anyone who loves a great movie should buy this, but wait until late to mid 2004 when it arrives on Special Edition DVD (rumor says it will be 4-discs). I love Titanic!
1400049628|2.0|I wanted to love this book... I really did.  As a fanatic devotee of all things zombie related, this seemed like a slam dunk.  The problem is that the book is written so dryly, that the deadpan humor that should be inherent in a title such as this is absent.  Even more bothersome, is the repetition in the topics.  That is : here's what to do on 10 different types of terrain when you're fleeing from zombies.  Now here's what to do on those same types of terrain if you are hunting zombies.  And again, same terrain, if you are establishing a stronghold.  We get it... swamps suck.  <BR>Is it a lousy read?  No, not at all.  I just feel it could have been so much more with a little more black humor and a little less repitition.
B0001OGVQ2|1.0|This is not the best wm of all time!<BR>            My ratings out of *****<br />1. cena vs. big Show u.s. title- not bad but worthy of a ppv like No way out: **1/2<br />2. raw tag 4way- I can`t believe jindrak and Cade didn`t win and know since mark is on smackdown! they will never win the tag gold and a bad match: *<br />3. jericho vs. christian: a surprisingly good match: ***<br />4. cruiserweight open- so much anticipation and horrible match akio didn`t even wrestle when will shanon more ultimo or even funaki get a realistic chance?: *1/2<br />5. rock n`sock vs. evolution- good match but flair and foley are finished wrestling thier boring but rock,batista and orton made it good: ***4/5<br />6. lesnar vs. goldberg- easily the biggest upset of the year they had around a ten minute match seven minutes was staring at each other: DUD<br />7. torrie and sable vs. jakie and stacy kiebler- horrible<BR>match no one did anything cool: Dud<br />8. molly vs. victoria-  Very bad match but funny end after match- *<br />9. Smackdown! tag 4way- worse than raw tag team match i cant believe the titles did`nt change hands!- DUD<br />10. angle vs. eddie guerrero- great wrestling match but a litle bit boring: ****<br />11. taker vs. kane- a prety bad match but it will be historic some day and i could always watch the entrences: **( for the return)<br />12. hhh vs. benoit vs. hbk- obvious outcome but still an exellant match but not the best match ever:*****<br />YOU COULD BUY IT OR NOT IT DEPENDS HOW MUCH YOU LIKE WWE!
0440237688|5.0|This book has been my favorite sad book for a long time.  I reread it a few years ago.  I think I realized something very important to the book: Jonas, Gabe, and the Giver die.  I thought this because jonas reverted to his favorite memory as he died, and since Gabe was with him, he died as well.  When it spoke of Jonas faintly hearing music comeng from where he had been (the community), I think it meant that the Giver had died as well and that meant that Jonas also got to receive the memory of music.  <BR>This sad ending made me think.  For me, the book did not end there, it was merely a beginning.
0446608955|5.0|The story took place in the Beaufort, North Carolina. One of the main characters: Landon Carter, who asked Jamie, another main character, to homecoming dance in their school.Many people in the school didn't like Jamie, they considered that she was a strange girl, always carrying her Bible, never wore fashionalbe clothes, always said:&quot; God arrange this, God arrange that.&quot; But Landon can't help falling love with Jamie because he had found out that Jamie was such a sweet, kind girl. She took care of his widowed father, who is the minister in the church of the town, she often went to visit the orphanes in the orphange in the town, she spent most of her time to help them and bring them happiness. This influenced Landon and his life started to change as well.<BR>   But maybe the density has played a joke on Landon, when he has totally fallen in love with Jamie, Jamie finally told Landon about her secret: she had a horrible sick and doctor can do nothing about it, she was dying. This really shocked Landon and he can't believe it. <BR>   But Landon had to accept the reality, the disease has affected Jamie step by step, day by day. Landon remembered that when one day they were talking about the future, Jamie said that her dream was that one day she could get married by a boy who loves her truely. Landon determined to release her dream and ask Jamie whether she would marry him or not. Jamie said YES, than Landon ran to Jamie's father, who was the minister in the church and asked him to arrange the marriage for them.<BR>   On the marriage day, though Jamie was very weak, she insisted to walk by herself on the marriage to approaching Landon, her husband. It took her almost 10 minutes to do it. But this is A WALK TO REMEMBER...<BR>   At the end of the book, Landon Carter, who has already been an old man, looked back the life when he was in love with Jamie, he believed, that sometimes miracle could really happen.<BR>   Though this book didn't really mention that whethter Jamie died or not, but I can detect that Jamie wasn't dead by that horrible disease because Landon mentioned miracle, only a miracle could save Jamie, and Jamie shouldn't die because we all love her!
B00005JLF5|5.0|In my opinion, DS9 was the best and most thought-provoking star trek series. It had a more realistic view of life and the decisions that we make, and showed that the innate idealism of Star Trek was something that could not be taken for granted, nor could it be completely above reproach. Also, this series is more character-driven than the other trek series. In TNG, you would not get to know many of the characters besides how you saw them in action every week doing this or that, but on DS9 you got to know the characters as they interacted with each other more in depth. In my opinion, the characters made the show what it was, for better or worse. <br />Many othes have described the plot and format for the series in their review so I won't do so here, but I will give my comments on this season. I'm a poor college student so I haven't bought the DVD set; however I did watch all of the seasons on DVD from Netflix. Season one had some hits and misses as the writers tried to get a feel for the show and the characters, but there were some good stories told. The best episode of the season was &quot;Duet&quot; which set the tone for all the premier episodes during its 7-season run; stories that made you think, made you cry, and weren't so cut-and-dry. While it is true that the series hit its stride in season 3 and continued a high arc up through Season 5 until a slight dip in season 6 and leveling off in season 7, you won't fully appreciate what you see in those seasons until you understand where they're coming from in season's 1 and 2. For example, you can see the wonderful friendship between Dr. Bashir and Chief O'Brien, but you'll see it even better when you remember that O'Brien couldn't stand Bashir in season 1. It is so cool to see the &quot;growth&quot; in all the characters over 7 seasons.<br />But anyways, check it out here on DVD or on Spike TV, show it the love it deserved and see why this was the Best Star Trek Ever.
B000148KK2|2.0|Diana Krall is trying to market herself to both the NOrah Jones fans and the Alt Rock (Joni Mitchell, Elvis Costello) fans. Unfortunately this is NOT the material she should be singing. I wish she would go back to Jazz and not do Rock covers. PLEASE!
B0000AK7AB|1.0|What was Universal thinking?  One of the great thing about DVDs in the ability to skip the previews at the beginning of most VHS tapes.  The first thing this DVD does is disable all controls so it FORCES the viewer to watch ALL of the previews, including one for that horrible 'Cat in the Hat' flick.  The only button that works is EJECT.  That's right, you can't even select STOP!
B00008H2LB|5.0|I love this Cd, I listen to this over and over again because it rocks. It relaxes me this CD is my streess reliever. I think LINKIN PARK Rocks!!!!   It is a very good CD it is a classic
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert knocks it out of the park in this masterpiece, the first and best novel in his Dune Saga.    Throughout the 1000+ pages, Herbert develops multiple stories and themes, seeding the ensuing series.  On the top of the plot, there is the drama of a galatic struggle fighting over Sprice, a precious commodity only found on Dune.  Intertwined in this are themes on politics, love, religeon, addiction and family values.  (One could say the scope is almost biblical in it's breadth)  Similar to Tolkein, you are still left feeling that there is much unsaid.  Perhaps this depth is what marks Dune as a masterpiece instead of escapist fiction.    If you've seen the movie, you will get much more out of the written form than you did in the movie theater.  There's only so much than can be displayed in a few hours.  The Hollywood vision will contain plot spoilers, but really misses much of what is going on underneath.  (Dune is about much more than action and a fight over a scarce resource)    When I purchased the book, I really didn't know what I was getting myself into.  I was doing a lot of flying, and preferred thick books - 1000+ pages or more were best.  I was most pleasantly surprised at the experience these pages provided.  Much more than just filler for several long plane trips.  Also a novel where it isn't enough to just \\"seem the movie\\"
B00000JCOV|5.0|742617000027: Cool Intro, i like the effects alot 8/10<BR>(sic): Real heavy song, lots of screaming, really good 8/10<BR>Eyeless: Awesome chorus, really heavy 9/10<BR>Wait And Bleed: Probably one of the most well known Slipknot songs, that's probably so because it's really good 9/10<BR>Surfacing: I love this song it makes you want to get up and kill everyone basically 10/10<BR>Spit It Out: Good song, catchy chorus 7/10<BR>Tattered &amp; Torn: Corey really screams on this one, and it's really emotional 8/10<BR>Me Inside: I don't really like this song 5/10<BR>Liberate: This is an awesome song live, and on the album too 8/10<BR>Prothetics: When i first heard this song, I hated it, now i like it 8/10<BR>No Life: I like the beggining, then it gets bad 7/10<BR>Diluted: BEST SONG ON THE ALBUM IT'S REALLY HEAVY 10/10!<BR>Only One: Worst song on the album, i just, ugh, hste it 2/10<BR>Scissors: 8 Minute long song, really emotional. reall good 9/10<BR>Eeyore (Hidden Track): Extremly fast and heavy i love this song 10/10<br />Please buy this album
B000003TA4|1.0|Nevermind is neither raw nor dirty. Bleach is, but that doesn't make it anything close to good. Bleach is worse than Nevermind, so go figure. Nirvana are an utter disappointment when taken as they really are. Cobain sounded his best when his music was a phony gloss-up job and he was a dope-up. Everybody (even myself, a self-proclaimed Nirvana non-fan) LOVES Smells Like Teen Spirit. Just 'cause I hate Cobain and the band doesn't mean I can't like a few of their stadium anthems. Too bad Nirvana never could play SLTS even halfway decent live. That just goes to show how misleading everything off Nevermind is; You except the band to be just as good live, but they turn out to be just a bad joke... at the expense of the person who bought Nevermind. It's studio perfection courtesy of lots of electronic tweaking and trickery by Butch Vig. Kurt hated pop and wasn't man enough to admit lots of pop out there isn't all worthless bubblegum. Quite a few pop artists out there (like Des'ree) have quite a bit to says about how she views peoples' perceived roles in society. What has Kurt Cobain done lately for pop culture? Well, he made VH-1's \\"Sexiest Musicians\\" list. Yes, Kurt, your blond-model image was stronger than your music ever could be. If one aspires to be a Nirvana fan, there should be starter packs of pre-made kits to hand out to such kids including the following: two stained flannel shirts, one stained white T-shirt to wear underneath, two pairs of jeans strategically-ripped at the knees (bought from American Eagle), and Nirvana's Nevermind. All Nirvana fans are alike. Let's send them on their way and into the assembly line of Grunge today!<br />I recommend the following Blues-tinged, realistic-yet-uplifting albums:<br />1.) Des'ree \\"I Ain't Moving\\" (features the Adult Contemporary hit \\"You Gotta Be\\")<BR>2.) Melissa Etheridge \\"Yes I Am\\" (features the all-time classic \\"Come to My Window\\")<BR>3) The Cranberries \\"No Need To Argue\\" (features the Alt Rock classic \\"Zombie\\")<BR>4) Alanis Morisette \\"Jagged Little Pill\\" (with \\"You Oughtta Know\\" and \\"Hand in My Pocket\\")<br />1.8 stars out of 5.8 for Nevermind
B0001UZZWW|4.0|&quot;Shrek 3-D&quot; makes purchasing this again worth it. However, I deplore Dreamworks for its packaging. Rather than do this, they should have packaged it later with the DVD release of &quot;Shrek 2&quot; or, at the very least, had more extras and released it as a inexpensive movie-tie in. The inclusion of the comic book also makes this worthwhile (although I'd like to note it's not available with every set; the version I purchased at Costco had it as part of the package).<br />The slim story has Shrek on his honeymoon when his beloved is kidnapped. Shrek and Donkey must take off in pursuit and fight a stone dragon and other nasties. There's quite a bit of fun made of other movies including, well, the original &quot;Shrek&quot;.<br />The inexpensive 3-D glasses also leave something to be desired. I personally would have preferred to see this in the other 3-D format that uses polarized lenses as the 3-D effect is 1) superior 2)doesn't cause color shifts when watching the movie through the colored lenses.  Either way, though, &quot;Shrek 3-D&quot; was fun and has been watched enough in our home to make it worthwhile. My guess is that Dreamworks will put &quot;Shrek 3D&quot; on the DVD edition of &quot;Shrek 2&quot;. If that comes to pass, I'll really be ticked off at them (although not as much as New Line with their fleecing of pockets for the &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; releases).
B000089RVX|1.0|This band sucks. Lacuna Coil are better, came before, and are not instant sellouts. DEATH TO EVANESCENCE, MOST OVERHYPED BAND OF 2003!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005A46T|5.0|515: Please don't listen to this intro at night, it's as scary as hell, but it's a good intro 9/10<BR>People=S***: Really heavy catchy chorus 8/10<BR>Diasterpieces: BEST SONG ON THE ALBUM I LOVE THIS SONG 9999/10<BR>My Plague: Similar to Spit It Out (on the Self Titled) i think, it's good, great video too 8/10<BR>Everything Ends: all i have to say is, emotional 10/10<BR>The Heretic Anthem: The drums are real fast i love this song 9/10<BR>Gently: Easy song to play on the guitar, very good song 10/10<BR>Left Behind: Second best song on the album 10/10<BR>The Shape: I don't like this song reall 5/10<BR>I Am Hated: Really cool song 10/10<BR>Skin Ticket: Awesome drum work 10/10<BR>New Abortion: Extremly heavy 10/10<BR>Metabolic: Good 9/10<BR>Iowa: 15 Minutes long, loving every second of it 9999/10
B000002MTR|4.0|I don't really care what people say about this album. People think it sucks because Frusciante isn't there. But Dave is as good as frusciante, and this album is very unique and different than others. In this album there are more than one kind of music. You have to listen to this album a few times before you estimate it. At first when I bought it I only liked &quot;My friends&quot; and &quot;Aeroplane&quot;. But than I realized there's many great songs like &quot;Walkabout&quot;, &quot;Teajerker&quot; and &quot;Shallow be thy game&quot;.<BR>I think this album is the 2nd after BSSM (BSSM is just longer - 17 excellent songs).<BR>I give it 4 stars because i really dont give 5 stars for any album.<BR>If you like the band, you got to have this cd..its so great.and listen to it about two-three times at least from the beginning to the end.
B00008S2VG|5.0|Although she gets constantly slammed for veering off the straight and narrow, you have to admire her for taking such risks sometimes and it is all in this album, there are two different contrasts to the album which makes it interesting listening, going from beautiful, warm acoustic ballads to ice cool experimental electronic dance beats, although not lyrically as strong as her last two records, it's still an impressive album with strong melodies and vocal harmonies through out.<BR>Madonna could write an album in her sleep and it would still be a top album and unlike her peers she has so much to say that is important, although it may not have worked out that well for her this time I admire her for the risks she's taken, nevermind the naysayers trying to brainwash people into believing different, it deserves a second and a third and fourth listen cause it's really a grower that has been majorly misunderstood. <BR>If you're not into social issues very much, it's great for the melodies and to dance along too. It's everything for everyone, serious for the thoughtful and great for the people who want to dance and wonderful for those who want to mellow out beside the fire or when they're travelling somewhere in the car. <BR>American Life is cool, you won't be disappointed.<br />8/10
B00006RINF|5.0|So many people are morons. They hear the song &quot;Heaven's A Lie&quot; on the radio a few months after &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; hits the airwaves, but do they realize who came first? NO! Lacuna Coil released a self-titled debut EP in 1998, followed by their full length debut, In A Reverie, in 1999, the Half-Life EP in 2000, Unleashed Memories in '01, and this in '02. Evanescence just want to be this band.<br />The differences between them and Evanescence:<br />1. Lacuna Coil have a bass player. Evanescence do not.<br />2. Lacuna Coil are real metal. Evanescence are not.<br />3. Lacuna Coil have 2 singers. Evanescence only have one.<br />4. Lacuna Coil have TALENT! Evanescence do not.<br />Also, the female singer of Lacuna Coil (Cristina) is EXTREMELY hot, Amy from Evanescence... well, she's hot too, but not nearly as hot as Cristina. Lacuna Coil have slowly progressed into the mainstream, which is excellent for their incredible label (Century Media, home of Sentenced, Arch Enemy, and Timo Kotipelto, as well as the former home of Iced Earth, Mayhem, and Exodus). Evanescence, on the other hand, sold out immediately on my watch. And it's an example of excellent indie music that isn't (gasp) EMO! Anyways, I will be seeing this band live this summer at the one and only Ozzfest '04. Evanescence, suck my ass!<br />And now the album. Basically, my thoughts on the band summarize my thoughts on the album. But it isn't the whole thing. I bought this for my friend for his birthday. When he slept over, we gave a stern listen and thought, &quot;These guys are amazing.&quot; Standout tracks are Swamped, Heaven's A Lie, and Aeon. Bottom line: BUY THIS IF YOU LIKE EVANESCENCE!
B00012QM8G|5.0|I am a high school history teacher.  In preparation to tackle the horror of the Holocaust to make it understood to 15-16 year olds, I read countless accounts and texts on the subject.  I had seen Schindler's List in the theater before I had much knowledge of the subject and was moved.  Seeing it after my research, it is true to history.  Steven Speilberg is, obviously, brilliant.  Students in my classes where moved to tears (even a couple football jocks) and gained a clear understanding of the blind hatred of an ethnicity.  I show the movie and only could show it on VHS.  To be able to have the DVD quality and ability to easily skip past the brief sexual scenes has increased this film's impact in the classroom.  Not a movie to watch with the family on a night of fun but a necessary film for all people to see.  History is our best teacher and Schindler's List teaches us a very powerful lesson.
B000002NJS|4.0|with regards to other comments that equate this album with techno--as someone who does appreciate electronica (faves ranging from PVD to aphex twin), i actually just never really thought of this album as an electronica album.  maybe it's because madonna is too iconic a figure to stuff in a cateogry.  it's also partly because this album has some standard pop hits geared towards selling the album.  (&quot;ray of light,&quot; &quot;frozen,&quot; &quot;the power of good-bye&quot;).<br />anyways, unlike her other albums which are composed of a hodgepodge assortment of music, this album is fairly consistent in terms of laying out an atmosphere for the listener to revel in.  while, yes, madonna is more of a pop princess icon than anything, i think this album really demonstrates her versatility to expand and include other creative and artistic expressions.  i don't mind albums that i just pop in to sing along to and dance around to while i'm dressing up to go out (see &quot;immaculate collection&quot;).  but i do appreciate other albums that i can lose myself in a daydream, and this album is definitely one of those.  that's a quality that's very rare in such a commercialized entertainment industry.<br />is this album commercial?  another gem of the establishment?  probably so.  i mean, it's madonna.  even if she's reactionary, her rebellion becomes absorbed by establishment.  but that doesn't mean we should all just reject this album on that basis.<br />i give this album 4 and 1/2 stars.  just because &quot;immaculate collection&quot; does remain my main madonna staple.
B0001HAISG|5.0|I've watched this film a 100th time now and I still get teary-eyed over it! This is the kind of film you'd want to watch over and OVER again. Tons of people do, by the way. :P
B00006CXSS|5.0|Stephen Ambrose is my favorite historian.  And after their successful partnership on Saving Private Ryan, Steven Speilberg and Tom Hanks reunite to fashion a visual of war that shows for the first time the bonds of these amazing men.  I am somewhat of a military historian myself and am mostly interested in tactic and strategy, technology and leadership.  Band of Brothers taught me about the soul of the men going into combat.  They are more than pawns on a general's map plot or a target in an enemy's scope.  This mini-series brings the thoughts and relationships of volunteers to the forefront of the battlefield.  These men from a generation that we all need to learn from understood that their life was less important then the overall good of the world.  Because of how they cared for each other, relied on each other, and believed in each other led them to a victory that assured the future of our democracy and allowed a future for millions to experience freedom.  <br />Band of Brothers weaves the interpersonal details with the situations of battle they where thrown into.  One of the most interesting aspects of the GI relationship is that of the replacement.  The men who were called to the frontlines later in the conflict were not welcomed into the &quot;brotherhood&quot; to the same extent as those who had been together for so many months/years.  A personal attachment to someone new would take time to develop, something that was impossible on the front line.  And something that could end in heartache as replacements died with greater frequency than their more experienced brothers.<br />If you want a to be introduced to the character of an American, buy Band of Brothers.  Though the mini-series is brilliant, read the book... there's so much more to it than even 10 hours of TV can recreate.
B000002KY8|5.0|This is simply a great work of art how synths, bass, power pop guitar and vocals. I do not have to add any more words to what the other reviewers have said about this masterpeice of the last 25 years,this is a album that changed my artistic life to what art should be and that is follow your muse that what's great art should always be since 1983 and this album taught me that great lesson.Prince has released better albums (dirty mind /controversy is my all time favorite)but this is his most daring as in risk and the rewards paid off in his crossover auidence that he has held in varying degrees to this day.every song works and this is his last &quot;minnepolis sound album&quot; in which every black artist would use for the rest of the decade buy this album it does not sound dated at all it sounds downright futuristic. Warner Brothers remaster this album and release the b-sides
B00005JM02|5.0|My little sister got this as a birthday present a few months ago. She watched it once and started to become addicted to it. She watches it almost all the time! (at least when she's not bugging me or watching &quot;brother bear&quot; (her other favorite movie) So of course I had to watch it to see what she was so hyper about. Boy.. was I in for a surprise! I thought it was going to be another stupid disney movie, but I was wrong. Finding Nemo is easily in my top ten movie list and my favorite G rated movie! The animation is terrific and the voices for the charectors were very well picked! (Ellen rocked as Dory and Marlin (whoever that guy was) was cool too. Squirt, what can I say about him?! He's adorable! Adorably animated and adorable voice!) Whoever doesn't like this movie is crazy!
0743216458|5.0|Stephen Ambrose is my favorite historian.  I am somewhat of a military historian myself and am mostly interested in tactic and strategy, technology and leadership.  Band of Brothers taught me about the soul of the men going into combat.  They are more than pawns on a general's map plot or a target in an enemy's scope.  This book brings the thoughts and relationships of volunteers to the forefront of the battlefield.  These men from a generation that we all need to learn from understood that their life was less important then the overall good of the world.  Because of how they cared for each other, relied on each other, and believed in each other led them to a victory that assured the future of our democracy and allowed a future for millions to experience freedom.  <br />Ambrose weaves the interpersonal details with the situations of battle they where thrown into.  One of the most interesting aspects of the GI relationship is that of the replacement.  The men who were called to the frontlines later in the conflict were not welcomed into the &quot;brotherhood&quot; to the same extent as those who had been together for so many months/years.  A personal attachment to someone new would take time to develop, something that was impossible on the front line.  And something that could end in heartache as replacements died with greater frequency than their more experienced brothers.<br />If you want a book that chronicles a timeline of events or an execution of strategy, do not go with Band of Brothers.  If you want a book that introduces you to the character of an American, buy Band of Brothers.  Though the mini-series is brilliant, read the book... there's so much more to it than even 10 hours of TV can recreate.
0743454529|5.0|As a parent and a nurse, I found this novel explored not only the unique relationships that occur in a family, but just how far a parent will go when a child is suffering from a potentially lethal illness. What is the right answer to a sibling being a donor for a sibling with cancer? How do you deny treatment of one child to spare another? This novel is one of the top stories I have read in my years as an avid reader. I can't wait to read more from Ms. Picoult. I also attended a reading and discussion by her and found her down to earth and a working mom, just like most of us. I highly recomend this book with a box of tissues!
B00005BJ2O|4.0|My Mom ADORES the movie Moulin Rouge and the music, so she bought the soundtrack. On the way to my basketball game the next day, she popped in this cd. I was like &quot;Woa!&quot; on alot of the songs on this cd.<BR> <BR>Nature Boy (David Bowie)- It's an okay song, but there are alot better on this cd- 2.5/5<br />Lady Marmalade (Lil' Kim, Christina, Pink, Mya)- I love this song! It has such a catchy tune and displays The Divas at there best!- 5/5<br />Because We Can (fatboy slim)- Ummmmm, well, I normally skip over this song, its kinda boring, so its kinda hard to rate it. 1/5<br />Sparkling Diamonds (Lots of People)- I like this song. I don't know how to describe it, but DIAMONDS ARE A GIRLS BEST FRIEND!!! Sorry, Had to get that out of my system! Cool! 4.5/5<br />Rhymthn (sp?) of the Night- Cool! I remember this song being sung by someone different though... 4/5<br />You Song (Ewan!!!)- I never knew Ewan Mcgregor could sing! He has an amazing singing voice! 10000/5<br />Children of the Revelation- Hmmm, wait, I need to remember this song.... OH YEAH! It's okay, but there are alot better on this cd 3/5<br />One day I'll Fly Away (Nicole Kidman)- She can sing too?! I never knew that so many people in the acting career could sing! She has a pretty good singing voice, though Ewan is better! 4.5/5<br />Diamond Dogs (Beck)- Not my normal singing style, but cool sounding! One of my favs! 4.9/5 (Cant listen to this song with my younger siblings in the car, bad words ya know)<br />Cant remember the rest of the songs at the moment, and I'm to lazy to pull up another window, so I'll give the rest of the songs a 4.5<br />If you dont have this cd, I would totally recomend it, especially for Moulin Rouge Fans!!!!
B0000042MY|5.0|For years I have been collecting soundtracks and I have to say that this one tops them all. I never get tired of listening to it! The music is just wonderful! The best I've ever heard! I bought the soundtrack before seeing the movie and as I was listening to the music I would actually picture images that I thought the music was describing in the movie. I finally saw &quot;The Last of the Mohicans&quot; and amazingly, some of the images I pictured were almost the same in the movie. It was very odd. Anyway... if you do not have this soundtrack I highly recommend you buying it. Even if you haven't seen the movie. You won't regret it!
B000089RVX|4.0|I got this cd in April, because I had heard the songs &quot;Bring Me to Life&quot;, &quot;My Immortal&quot;, and &quot;Going Under&quot; and I liked them, so I bough the cd. When I got home I popped the cd in my walkman and was like &quot;Wow!&quot; There is not one skippable song on this whole album and Amy Lee has an amazing voice! I wish that I could sing half as good as her! Fallen is defenitly (sp?) in my top favorite cds! Anyway, the only reason I gave this cd a 4 and not a 5 was because of My Immortal. When Amy sings My Immortal on this cd, she sounds like she's drunk or something, I hate it when bands have a great song, then you buy the cd and its a compleatly different version! Oh well, there is still alot of great songs on this album.
B00006BTCA|5.0|It will almost certainly be impossible to fall in love with this incredible debut CD the first time you hear it.  You will be puzzled by the obvious musical influences (I got 43 words into this review before invoking the magical words:  Joy Division), the lack of any obvious &quot;singles&quot; (sorry, pop fans... look elsewhere for your Top 10 radio fodder), the uncomfortable (at times) song structures, the challenging and sophisticated lyrical content... and having come out the other side, you may not put it on again.  But.  This record will nag at you, almost begging for another try, so... on go the headphones one more time.  Eventually, mark my words, this CD will be all but glued to your, er, CD player (not QUITE the same imagery as a vinyl record being theoretically glued to a turntable, but you get the point!).  You *WILL* come to love this album IF you give it a half a chance (well, give it at least THREE chances, that is).  Can't wait for the follow-up disc.  Pretty soon, you won't be able to wait either.... you'll see....
B000002JNJ|5.0|To simply put it, I love this album.  It is very original.  This album definitely put pantera on the map as one of the greatest metal bands of all time.  Each album I own, never disappoints to deliver a few songs that are full of fury, brutality, and plenty of thrashing.  The title track is a classic example for thrashing.  Cemetary Gates, the best track on the album, is masterfully orchestrated, goes from slow, soothing guitar rifts to faster and more pounding guitar rhythms along with strong drum patterns, and incredible vocals.  Shattered, one of the faster tracks is an approach to speed metal and the title describes the sound of the song; it is very shattering.  The Sleep, in my opinion, is a very underrated song.  Sure it's a ballad, but it's a very catchy one, not to mention it has one of the best guitar solos I have ever heard.  The guitar solo just fits the sound and tone of the song perfectly, I don't think you find a better solo to fit the song.  This is a must-have for any Pantera fan.
B000148KK2|2.0|The  comparisons critics are making of this program to the music of Louis Armstrong. Count Basie, and Bill Evans merely illustrate the lengths to which promoters will go to proclaim their &quot;contemporaneity&quot; or to save a genre of music that admittedly has been seeking direction and lasting heroes over the past ten years.  This album is no more nor less than Diana applying jazz chops to melodies far less inventive or cohesive than those of the American Songbook, to chords and voicings that replace harmonic complexity with triadic simplicity, and to lyrics that, when intelligible, eschew compact metrics and wit in favor of a more confessional, open-ended, &quot;recitative&quot; discourse.  Having paid the price, Krall fans will undoubtedly listen hard and attentively until they find much of musical value; and new fans to Krall, we might hope, will find the Costello and Waits material sufficiently compelling to spring for her more &quot;traditional&quot; recordings.  After one listen, I'm frankly content to eat my monetary investment and use the time saved to explore some additional Armstrong, Basie and Evans.
B0001L3LUE|4.0|4.5 stars. And the Oscar goes to...&quot;The Fog of War,&quot; directed by Errol Morris.  What I remember most about the last Oscar ceremony was Errol Morris collecting his very first statue for Best Documentary Feature Film and exclaiming, &quot;It's about time!&quot;  I laughed to myself and said, &quot;Indeed.&quot;  Just to name a couple other fine documentaries from this exceptional director: my personal favorite, &quot;The Thin Blue Line,&quot; which is, for some inexplicable reason, still unavailable on DVD; and another notable film, &quot;A Brief History of Time,&quot; based on Stephen Hawking's best-selling novel.  Errol Morris is a great filmmaker, but there are moments in &quot;The Fog of War&quot; that have many of his now trademark techniques, such as showing small objects moving in slow-motion.  There were also a couple of scenes reminiscent of the film &quot;Koyaanisquatsi&quot; from director Godfrey Reggio where layers of film are placed on top of one another to attain multiple, ghost-like images of people and places.  In an odd coincidence, Phillip Glass composed the score for both films.  The only other negative factor in the film was the tendency to jump back-and-forth in time, which makes for some confusion when trying to piece everything together.  However, there is some insightful material to be found here stretching all the way back to the Wilson Administration during World War I.  The stock-footage that is interlaced with the interviews with Robert S. McNamara adds so much textural history to the film that I felt I was there struggling with the politics of The Cold War on an empathic level.  The interviews are sometimes insightful and other times very moving.  Robert S. McNamara, as much demonizing press and criticism he has taken, comes across as a good-hearted human being who knows he has made mistakes as well as genuinely hopeful decisions.  He is a flawed person, as we all are, which makes the universal, emotional connections to his pastall the more viable.  This film is nothing less than a very interesting sojourn into out nation's troubled past through the venerable eyes of a very caring individual who once dealt with some of the most intense situations in American History.  This film is definitely worth seeing.  All in all, Errol Morris strikes again!  Thank you.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|I was looking forward to this.  I figured you couldn't go wrong with Jack and Diane (hehe).  It turned out I was wrong.  Jack is fine.  He pretty much plays a 60-something version of himself.  Diane pretty much plays a 50-something version of herself (or is it Annie Hall?).  Only this time she was self-conscious in a way that Annie Hall was not (though Annie Hall was a self-conscious character).  At first I couldn't get over her overly manicured appearance.  That constantly reminded me that this was a fluffy Hollywood movie.  I was waiting for that to pass, hoping things would get better.  I thought they might, because there is a scene when Jack thinks she's crazy for wearing turtlenecks in the summer.  Well, that didn't help things much.  Diane constantly came off as too much of a *character*.  They even gave her a big, schmaltzy dramatic scene that seemed really forced (it was obviously geared for the big Oscar clip, which it did become).  <br />The movie had a few decent moments (like when they were instant messaging each other), with a few good lines, but boy did it meander.  And that Amanda Peet was just annoying as the daughter--I couldn't stand her!  (But my complaint there was that she was rather realistic, which is why I couldn't stand her.  The beautiful girl in New York with average intelligence who thinks she's smarter and classier than she really is.  I can't bear another one of those.)  The best piece of casting was Frances McDormand.  She has a rare trait of being not only a great supporting character actress (as she is here), but a great lead actress as well.  <br />Perhaps the most annoying thing of all is that this movie, more than any other I can think of, really rubs in your face the double standard we have set for men and women when it comes to looks.  Jack is in his 60s and chubby, yet Diane is in her 50s and rail-thin.  Jack's face is weathered but Diane's face looks surgically enhanced.  Its unintended message seems to be that if the girls want to get work in their 50s, they better look like that.  Meanwhile, they tell the guys not to worry about it.  Because even when they are in their 60s, they'll be fine as long as they stay cool.  Now if THAT is not the REAL message of this movie, then someone please tell me what is!
B00007KWHP|5.0|This album is a masterpiece.  Period.  The finale, Heart of the Sunrise, is one of the most moving pieces I've ever heard.  Rick Wakeman would prove to be (obviously) a key replacement for the band, as he is still with them today.<BR>Roundabout is an excellent song, and is probably the most well known Yes songs.  It's harmonic guitar introduction exemplifies Steve Howe's virtuosity and creativity.  The keyboard solo is fantastic, as are the lyrics.  Jon Anderson got, and gets, better with every album.  Long Distance Runaround and South Side of the Sky are excellent smaller-scale pieces, and individual works such as Cans and Brahms, The Fish (Schindleria Praematurus), and Mood for a Day are a very nice touch.  Heart of the Sunrise finishes it off, and I think it is the most underrated Yes song there is.  The sheer power and meaning, coupled with the creative arrangement make this album one of the best I've ever heard.
B000001FFR|5.0|After 1984's lackluster Fistful Of Metal,Anthrax fired singer Neil Turbin and bassist Dan Lillker and replaced them with the awesome Joe Belladonna and Frank Bello.They created one of the best thrash albums ever in &quot;Spreading The Disease&quot;.Here is my track by track of this awesome CD:<BR>1.A.I.R.-5/5-AWESOME song.My third favorite on the CD 3.Madhouse-5/5-AWESOME song.Anthrax's first hit.Features a chilling intro and an AWESOME chorus.My second favorite song on this album.<BR>4.SSC/Stand Or Fall-5/5 AWESOME guitar solos by Dan Spitz.Lyrics could use some work,but good song.<BR>5.The Enemy-2/5-My least favorite song on the album.I listen to it,but it just doesn't compare to the rest of the album.<BR>6.Aftershock-4/5-Awesome chorus,but lyrics are a pile of garbage.<BR>7.Armed And Dangerous-5/5-Awesome song.Joe's best song vocally and has a nice clean guitar intro.It then turns into an all out thrasher.My third favorite on the CD.<BR>8.Medusa-4/5-Good song,but lyrics are a pile of garbage.They were written by their manager,Jon Zazula.He could take a Songwriting 101 class and write better songs.<BR>9.Gung-Ho-5/5-THE BEST song on this CD.Awesome lyrics,Awesome guitars,AMAZING drums.One of the best metal songs of '85.If you are getting into Anthrax,I recommend this,Among The Living or Persistence Of Time.<BR>P.S.I skipped over the song Lone Justice.It is OK.I give it a 3/5.
B00014TQ7S|5.0|I first heard about FF on Much Music. MUCH MUSIC. Now Much Music is not known for putting out a lot of great music (in my opinion), just decent music, and bands that everyone has heard of. But Franz Ferdinand had a short interview with Nardwuar, and when I heard they were from Scotland, that caught my attention, because I have a thing for European rock bands. I downloaded their stuff, then bought their cd, and they ROCKED, just totally rocked my socks (lame I know, but what else can I say?). I agree that they somewhat sound like Hot Hot Heat, but only their song &quot;Tell Her Ttonight&quot;. Anyways, these boys are highly skilled, especially their originality with the guitar sounds, and I like how they incorporated a bit of the [austro-hungarian archduke] franz ferdinand background/history in &quot;All For You Sophia&quot;. They're just brilliant, and that's that!
0792107683|5.0|This is my favourite movie. The performance is simply magnificient and the scenery is breathtaking. However, the deeper levels transcenbds the genre and deals with conflict. Shane emptiness is juxstaposed with the fulness of the Starts. The moral and legal rights of individuals are Shapespearean in its application. Riker considers his right to open range is beinbg violated by the &quot;sod busters&quot;, who in turn speaks of both legal rights and fairness to share the wealth of this vast frontier. The profound relationships between the main characters  are ever current. The yearning of Shane and Marion for things that can never be is a statement although simple in its reality is a profound psychological study of man himself.<BR>Wilson pretense of killing  the southern farmer in self defense is a classic study of using the law to commit a morally indefensivable violation of human decency. George Stevens created a masterpiece here. Frame after frame confirms his genius of recording man's struggle fo a place in the sun. Robert Mittoo. Calgary.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This film tells an important story about the cruelty, the insanity and the costs of war. <BR> Never forget why we fight. Remember the millions of victims of the 3rd Reich.<br />How can it be only 60 years after D-Day and so many don't know, don't care about the sacrifices made by thousands of British, American, Canadian and other allies to liberate Europe.  Together they saved the world and civilization.  NOthing less.<br />The producers, actorsm everyone went to great lengths to tell this story in a realistic, meaningul way. attention must be paid!
B00005RHGK|3.0|Victor Salva's Jeepers Creepers has some things that work and a lot that don't. I found The Creeper much more effective early in the movie when it was just him in his hat and rags, driving his truck. Once he was fully revealed he lost a lot of his menace. The psychic angle was okay to get some back-story into the movie, however she kept telling the kids &quot;you don't understand,&quot; but refused to explain. You're right, I don't understand - and while I may fear what I don't understand in other circumstances, here I just got annoyed.<br />So much of the movie is a mixture of other films that I got frustrated trying to follow it toward the end. Think of it as Duel meets The Birds meets Urban Legend meets The Hitcher meets Silence of the Lambs meets Mimic meets who-knows-what-else. <br />The movie leaves a lot of questions unanswered, such as: &quot;What is The Creeper?&quot; &quot;Where did it come from?&quot; &quot;Why is Trish willing to sacrifice herself for Darry? (Does it have anything to do with Mr. Poly-Sci-Track-Team Guy?)&quot; and &quot;Are Jezelle's dreams ever wrong?&quot;<br />The movie does have some redeeming qualities, though. The actors do a good job with their roles; Eileen Brennan gives a delightfully off-center performance as The Cat Lady. The music is effective. There are some good gross-out moments and some good suspense. Unfortunately, the movie is less than the sum of its parts, a disappointing muddle.<br />This is a good-enough movie for a creature-feature weekend, but don't expect to wear out the laser on your DVD player due to repeat viewings.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Here it is...the evolution of a creative genius.  Everything Tarantino has ever done has brought him to all new levels with this film.  Any Tarantino fan would understand this comment.  The characters are dynamic, the dialogue is incredible and the story is so original and unique.  His other films reveal mere glimpses of this tale, but now he finally reached the point when the ultimate story must be told.  Kill Bill Vol I sets the scene.  And the story continues, not in a Hollywood &quot;Part II&quot; way, but in a story that needs to be told in chapters.  Vol I sets the motif of a Japanese graphic novel come to life in every detail.  It's about legends, power, fear and survival.  All these elements brought together in one film makes it a timeless tale worth viewing many times over. And Vol II will blow you away...to be continued.
B0001Z53AQ|4.0|Any group or artist who goes against mainstream is going to catch heat.  Just because every song on the CD does not talk about rims, how much money they have, the girls they pull, or what gang they represent does not mean that it can't be tight.  They have played to the TRL crowd for two songs to get sales, but the rest is their true colors.  Listen to some unreleased songs and compare them.  These guys did not sell out, they stuck to their own game and I respect that.  Em and D 12 were a crew before he hit big, he didn't leave them and he sells records so they have no reason to leave him.  CD is not the greatest, but it is better than the average because they make songs that you wanna listen to, not dance to.  They do not make songs for the club, they make songs to make you listen and think.  Beats are unique and very good and their rhymes, listen and don't just look for the hook and you will see their group chemistry.  Not too many groups, especially rap groups, can continue to tip-toe on the offensive/vulgar line yet makes songs you wanna bump in the car with your friends or on the way to work.  I would buy it if you liked the first CD and you don't wanna just hear songs that talk about 22's and what kind of car they are on.  <BR>Tracks that are hot.<BR>1, 2, 6, 9, 11, 13, 16, 18, 21<BR>Buy it.
B000005ILF|4.0|This is a great CD.  Sting has established himself as one of the greatest songwriters in rock/popular music history, right up there with McCartney, Lennon, Paul Simon, etc.  I think the best song on the album is &quot;Hung My Head.&quot;  A great story which draws on themes from folk songs of the American West, but in typical fashion Sting throws in a great melody and tricky, offbeat but very musical funky (9/8) time signature.  Sting's voice particularly shines on &quot;Hounds of Winter,&quot; which again has a great melody.  The most surprising song on the album is probably &quot;I'm so happy I can't stop crying.&quot;  We're used to rather grandiose, political, poetic lyrics from Sting, and this song is so direct and personal it is striking and heartbreaking.  The lyrics will resonate with anyone who's gone through periods of unhappiness in their life.  The country feel of the song really plays to the theme of the song too: really sad lyrics juxtaposed with a happy country feel.  This reflects the paradox the chorus plays with, which is it's kind of weird how great joy and great sorrow can both evoke the same physical response, crying.  That may be over-analyzing but that's what's great about Sting's music, it begs repeated listening and analysis.  This album is no exception, so enjoy it.
B00005LC1H|1.0|I was very much anticipating watching Fawlty Towers because of all the wonderful reviews given. I expected it to be witty, refined, and just plain funny, I found none of that. All I found was an extremely boring and unexpiring comedy. I don't see the humor in Basil falling down in every episode or slamming Manuel's head into the wall. After the first &quot;uno, dos, tres&quot; episode with Manuel, any other times Basil has a tough time communicating with Manuel, it just seems tired. There is no subtle humor because everything in the show is such an overtly over exaggeration. There is not an ounce of believability... <br />I thought this comedy would be something the vein of The Office, Arrested Development, The Larry Sanders Show, Waiting For Guffman, etc. To say the least I was very disappointed...
B00006879E|5.0|Lots of people think Maroon5 is just another boy band but that is absoulutley wrong!Maroon5 has the most original sound in the music industry.
B000002BHE|4.0|Before this album(which happens to be Celine's best-seller,selling over 11 million copies) came out,Celine was pretty much kind of like every other scream-diva in the music industry.She was pretty bland,at least until this landmark came out.Yes,believe it or not,there is a good Celine Dion album.This is by far Celine's best album,actually,also her most balanced.And what I mean by balanced is that there are more upbeat songs than Celine's previous work.There may be way more ballads,but Celine is still trying!Most of the time,Celine does a very good job with the upbeat songs(her great cover of Tina Turner's &quot;River Deep,Mountain High&quot;,the unusually urban &quot;Make You Happy&quot;),but sometimes just falls flat(the corny &quot;Declaration Of Love&quot;).As usual,the album is mostly ballads,but these ballads are much more beauitful than anytrhing she had ever done,especially the 7-minute epic&amp;the best ballad on the album,&quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now(which was deservingly a Top 5 hit)&quot;.Other highlights from the album include the mesmerizing &quot;Dreaming Of You&quot;,the doo-wop flavored &quot;I Love You&quot;,and the sensual title track.And Celine's voice has got to be one of the greatest in history,and she really showcases it in...well,all of the songs!<br />Yet,some of the songs are very redundant and sound exactly the same as another song on the album.And a few of the songs are a little too long for their own good.And Celine's singing gets a little exaggerated,but it is Celine Dion,people,and she does have a beautiful voice!<br />The Verdict:This is one of the best breakthrough albums of the late '90's,and it made me not hate Celine so much anymore!<br />Recommended:Yes
6304712499|3.0|Spawn is a great, big and dark charecter, i still think they should've taken their time to finish this movie rather than casting quick and not polishing up the special effects. Other than that, a legendary comic charecter has been brought to life, so no more reading, watch the damn movie.
B00005JM02|5.0|That's it,I have made up my mind.Pixar is undoubtedly the best production company these days.They've made such groundbreaking animated classics as Toy Story,Toy Story 2,Monsters,Inc.,and now,maybe the best 3-D movie they've ever made,Finding Nemo.I think most of you agree with me since it was the biggest movie of 2003,and quite certain deserved to be.<BR>Pros:<BR>1.The Animation Is Truly Breathtaking.Most of the films greatness comes from it's eye-popping animation.From the amazing backgrounds to the greatly-drawn chacracters,this film ahead of it's time,visually speaking.<BR>2.Hilarious For All Ages.This isn't just an ooh and aah experience for children;the movie itself is side-splitting and quick witted,a good example being the hilarious antics of the Tank Gang(i.e.,Deb and her &quot;twin who is really her reflection Flo).This film really deserved the Best Original Screenplay Oscar.<BR>3.Dory!Dory(voiced over by Ellen DeGeneres is pretty much the backbone of the film and is the best and funniest character in the whole film,in my opinion.She is a pro just for being that funny.<BR>4.It's Heartwarming,But Not Too Heartwarming.You just can't help but go &quot;aww&quot; at Marlin and his son,Nemo.Any dad who searches for his kid like that deserves a few &quot;awws&quot;.Anyway,the story is very cute,but not so cute that you're reaching for a barf bag,it is just the right level of heartwarming.<BR>Cons:<BR>ABSOLUTELY NONE!<br />The Verdict:This is a captivating film that is really one of the greatest family films of all time,also.<br />Recommended:Yes
B0001I55OC|1.0|I was very disappointed from this movie. I didn't really expect a SciFi masterpiece, but this movie is just trash. The acting is so bad that you think you are watching some kind of B movie. Almost nothing that is being said or done in this movie makes sense and is totally ridiculous. Apparently they spent all their money on sets, effect and marketing, but didn't have any money left for a good director and decent actors. Don't waste your money and time on this one.
B0001ENYKS|5.0|Franz f^%@$g Ferdinand. Yes. But first, a primer on the past.<br />The Strokes? Interpol? The new 'good' music? Style? Well- it goes like this darlings- year upon year of great national prosperity in the 1990s caused music to become saturated by the self obsessed indulgent whims of the teens of the American middle class. Nu Metal. Bling ou812. Brittney, Jessica. The older generation was no help either. Creed. Dave Matthews. Dear god we made it and the world did not end.<br />Enter the disaffection of a fundamentalist government and viola! 'Cooler' mainstream music. The Strokes. White Stripes. Much better. Hardly brilliant. Interpol? Saw them live- like watching paint dry while on a couple bottles of NyQuil. The Strokes? Saw 'em at the 'Truob before the hit outside of the UK. Good. High energy. Pretentious hot air abounded.<br />So why THIS band then? Why is Franz Ferdinand so different? Why is their music so evocative of either the past or current trends and yet so much more than either? Well it is both DANCE and ROCK and perfectly so. Music for hot girls to dance to. And for the rest of us to chase and then thank these 4 lads from Glasgow for their efforts.<br />haha I don't even care to keep writing. I am going out.
B00006RINF|5.0|Lacuna Coil (translation: Empty Spiral) is definitely one of the most awesome bands of the century. From majestic tunes such as &quot;Lost Lullaby&quot; to sorrowful passages like &quot;Entwined&quot;, Lacuna Coil gives you it all, except maybe pop and boredom. There songs reach to a large audience; \\"Swamped\\" leaning to those who are down on themselves for throwing today away, &quot;Heaven's a Lie&quot; reaching to the hardcore lovers with dark tastes, &quot;Daylight Dreamer&quot; going to those who just want the truth,  \\"Humane,\\" a great message for the broken-hearted who are afraid of loving again, \\"Self Deception\\" for the ones who deceived themselves into thinking their lovers felt the same, \\"Aeon,\\" a short poem for those who have found someone, \\"Tight Rope\\" for those out there who have to \\"fix\\" someone who always wants more, \\"The Ghost Woman and the Hunter\\" are to the broken hearts who have a lover who moved on, \\"Unspoken\\" to the ones who feel as if they're on the other side of their lover, \\"Entwined\\" for those who have a lover that they cannot escape from, \\"The Prophet Said\\" going out to those who feel as if they cannot feel happiness, \\"Angel's Punishment\\" for those who have been lied to, \\"Comalies,\\" an Italian piece made for those who have found someone, and finally, \\"Lost Lullaby,\\" a hidden track for the wounded who have made it through. So basically, you've got a very dark album made for the hardcore, stalker-type lovers and the heart-broken youth of the nation. Lacuna Coil has all the makings of a hit band.<br />The problem? Not even azlyrics.com recognizes them as a band. Most people haven't even heard of them. The only magazine I have ever seen them is has been \\"Revolver\\" and thank the heavens that they did, because if they didn't, I would have never heard of them and I would have never had a chance to experience real music.<br />I think everyone will find a song from Lacuna Coil that they can relate to. I myself had no troubles finding an area in my lifethat related to a piece from this beautiful band. <br />In conclusion, Lacuna Coil is a true band. There're 6 members, and the lead female singer does not stand alone. Every song is different. Every song is like a composed piece of poetry, a perfect passage, like flowing water. The transitions are beautiful, and nothing is overdone. Now why can't we give these guys some credit?
B00008G9JO|5.0|I love this album.  &quot;Moths&quot; is one of the best songs I have ever heard.  Along with this I love, &quot;Acres Wild&quot; and &quot;Heavy Horses.&quot;  Really good stuff!  I have bought at least 3 or 4 copies of this CD because I wear them out from playing too much!
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|At the beginning of this film, I must confess that I was skeptical as to whether or not I really wanted to invest much time into it.  It seemed to meander, providing a fantastic, satyrical &quot;Burtonesque&quot; view of a world of askewed reality.  It seemed to meander some...the premise, a boy and his father, fallen out from one another due to the son's embarrassment at his father incredible stories, are reunited when the son learns that the father is dying of cancer.<br />The balance of the movie is told in vignette flashbacks, jumping from the present day narrative to the many incredible stories of Edward Bloom, the &quot;Big Fish&quot; of the story, whose tales stretch credibility to its limits.  The film, which is so definitely Tim Burton, is also more.  Although I was slow to pick up on it at first, I came to realize that the film was, in fact, a reflection on the complex relationships between fathers and sons.  It touches on the believable infallability we all have for our fathers as children, and the &quot;fall from grace&quot; of our fathers when we discover they are as human as we are.<br />Though the story provides plenty of whimsy, and at times, plays more like an episode of &quot;Amazing stories&quot; than anything else, at its core is a powerful story about relationships.  This is a bit of a departure from the standard Burton fare, whose narrative stories are generally pure fantasy, without a thread of realism to them...such examples include &quot;Beetlejuice&quot;, &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot;, &quot;Batman&quot;, &quot;Edward Scissorhands&quot; and even &quot;A Nightmare Before Christmas&quot;.  This story is more human than any of those, focusing not on the fantastic, but using the fantastic stories of a father whose life was incredible without the tall tales to explore the psyche of a man who never knew how to fail.<br />In the end, this film is a great tribute to fathers and sons everywhere, and is a film worth sharing. With the approach of Father'sDay, this might make for a nice gift to share with Dad, and more, it is an entertaining romp through the fascinating world of Edward Bloom, Burton's newest slightly-askew-but-ever-so-human hero.  <br />-Scott Kolecki
B00005JKC3|1.0|This thing is quite an accomplishment - it manages to be so incredibly stupid and yet at the same time, so incredibly boring.  One would think that the stupidity alone would be enough to keep a person laughing through the whole thing, but no, edit in a few hours of people acting morose and you can suck the life out of anything.  David Banner seems to be in a permanent state of semi-consciousness, wandering through scenes as if in a confused stupor.  His girlfriend repeats &quot;someone must help him&quot; over and over, to whomever she's in a scene with.  Cut, fade, crossfade, edit to the next scene - Humvees drive around - they're pictured from the left in the upper right frame, from the right in the lower left frame, helicopters fly in the other two frames.  Nick Nolte unwinds some psycho spiel about god knows what.  Then the CGI Hulk appears and is funnier than the CGI snake in Anaconda.  I mean, laugh-out-loud hilarious.  Cut, fade, crossfade, helicopters fly in multiple frames, people act morose, cut fade, Humvees drive through the desert, cut, fade, now it's too dark to see anything.  Oh wait, here are some people acting morose again.  Cut fade crossfade...
B000000WZ4|5.0|Ive always been told that new stuff from Depeche Mode sucked, but when I heard this album I was blown away. I think this is one of their top three best albums...at least. Some songs are kinda fillers...but &quot;Home&quot; &quot;Useless&quot; and &quot;Sisters of night&quot; are fantastic...I highly recommend this album.
B0001V07ZQ|4.0|This movie was very well made.  The scenery was beautiful.  Yet I feel at times that it dragged on and there wasn't as much action as you would think.  Over all though, it was a good movie!
0385720920|5.0|And I wouldn't give this one to mom or dad as a gift. Perfect for most men...might be offensive to women, although I was not.  I thought it was hysterical.  My teenage daughter (not knowing the book's content) came home from school and told me her (male) social studies teacher was reading the same book.  I almost asked her if he was hot, but then I walked it off.
B0000024JA|2.0|still worth buying, but not until you have<br />36 chambers<BR>liquid swords<BR>only built 4 cuban links<BR>wu-tang forever<BR>ironman<BR>all the killarmy albums<br />and basically any other old wu album you can think of.
0375751513|4.0|Wilde's Dorian Gray is such a powerful book because it explores the path of one man's sins and their effect on his life and the lives of those around him.  Wilde uses Dorian as an example to demonstrate the struggles of humanity coping with its flaws.  Wilde's plot is simple enough.  Dorian was a man who had everything going for him.  He was young, beautiful, wealthy, and unspoiled.  Then he met Lord Henry, whose bizzare philosophies that he himself didn't even take seriously had a great impact on the impressionable Dorian.  Lord Henry had convinced Dorian that once his youth had passed, he would have nothing enjoyable left in life, which caused Dorian pray aloud that a portrait he had of himself would take on his own physical burdens.  As Dorian becomes more and more corrupted by Lord Henry and commits more sins, he notices that the painting (which represents his conscience) is becoming more and more wretched.  He occasionally feels remorse and tries to change, but his plans always fail when Lord Henry draws him back under the shadow of his influence.  The discouraged Dorian finally resolves to start his life anew by destroying the painting, the only record he has of his sins. When he stabs the picture, however, he kills himself.<br />  This is a powerful story that portrays the important lesson that sins are inescapable and everybody's actions catch up to them.  This isn't a hard concept, but Wilde's writing is very challenging.  He uses very poignant expressions constantly throughout the book that can get the reader off track because they tend to cause him to attempt to frequently stop and process what has just been said.  I think that this was a great book, but it wouldn't be good to require it at Mercy High because it takes so long to get through.
0790729628|1.0|I love this movie. It's still a mystery to me how Leonard Maltin could give it one and a half stars (yet Gremlins 2 rates 3 stars?).<br />Unfortunately this is by far the worst video transfer I've ever seen. When I play it on my laptop, I can see the sound track! I'm no expert, but I know a shoddy production when I see it. It looks like they just slapped it together without even watching what they were doing. I haven't watched the full screen side (why would I?), but the wide screen has black not just at the top and bottom, but on the sides as well. Couldn't they have made it fit?<br />This piece of cinema history deserves mounds of extra features, and yet there's barely even a MENU. And that looks like it was designed by a four year old. What a waste. This could have been such a treasure!
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|&quot;Big Fish&quot; is an exquisite film; it is safe to say that Tim Burton, despite his excellent reputation as a film-maker, has outdone himself.<BR>The acting was superb, the story heartwrenching, and the execution wonderful.  <BR>This movie is, in my opinion, one of the best films of its year.<BR>True, the messages this film attempts (and, in my case, suceeds) to portray are cliche- follow your heart, make the most of your life, committment allows one to go far, etc.- but aren't all cliches cliches for a reason?  &quot;Big Fish&quot; even managed to refrain from making these messages appear trite; on the contrary, they were expressed humorously, with love, and through some of the greatest, most unbelievable stories ever told.<BR>My only complain is that I truly wish Alison Lohman's character had a bigger part; the love story would have made the film even more meaningful had it been developed further.  However, I do like that the emphasis of the film was placed on family, love, and self-exploration.  <BR>This is an excellent, thought-provoking film which was a joy to watch.
B000000OSE|5.0|Although I can do without RNDTH, LALD, and GOE, the extraordinary range contained on this record more than makes up for those few duds.<br />You've got blunt rockers...PC, DTJ and DDM.<br />Bluesy, mid-tempo, piano-laced numbers...BA, DNB, and BO.<br />Swooning ballads...NR, DC.<br />It even has some \\"LIES\\" on it...YATF.<br />And despite all this rambling, I still haven't fully dissected the album. <br />It's got depth, bite, and soul.  <br />It's \\"Tumbling Dice\\", \\"B*tch\\", and \\"Angie\\" all rolled into one.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|George's passing like John's left a big hole in the music world. While he was not the most prolific of The Beatles, the statement can be made that The Beatles would've simply not been The Beatles without him. He didn't write as many songs as John and Paul, but when he wrote, he wrote! It can certainly be said that George was one the first Western pop/rock musicians to incorporate Eastern sounds into his work that eventually led to the New Age/World Music genres you hear today.    This tribute, organized by bossom-buddy Eric Clapton, is probably the most beautifully staged and photographed concert since The Band's Last Waltz 28 years ago. Taking place at the Royal Albert Hall (the Filmore of England) we get a who's who of George's friends.    This DVD gives you 2 versions of the concert. Disc 1 consists of the entire concert unedited which this review refers to. Disc 2 contains the abreviated version used for theatrical release. This release incorporated behind the scenes interviews and footage that you can see separately on this disc as well.    The show opens with a great opening shot of the stage decked out with Indian and other foreign musicians dressed in white with a big photo of George hanging overhead. The stage is lit in a beautiful subdued gold color giving the show an ambience like I've never seen.    After a brief opening announcement by Eric, we're treated with a half hour of some of the most beautiful Indian music I've ever heard put together by George's mentor Ravi Shankar and his lovely and very talented daughter Anoushka. But the high point of this segment in my opinion is fellow Wilbury Jeff Lynn performing that sweet and almost forgotten gem that George wrote in '68 The Inner Light.    After a brief intermission, the show lightens-up with the Python crew (minus John Cleese, Tom Hanks filling in?!) doing their classic bits like Sit On My Face and The Lumberjack Song. George's film company produced a number of their films.    Next up is basically a stellar all-star jam of George's best songs. There's just to much here to go over completely, but take my word for it, it's terrific. Hightlights are Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers doing Taxman, then with Lynn, the Wilbury's hit Handle With Care, and ,of course, Eric with Paul on While My Guitar Gently Weeps. But it's all great ending with Joe Brown singing I'll See You In My Dreams while rose pettles fall from the ceiling onto the audience.    As for picture and sound on this set, you can't get any better. The shades of gold on the stage come through real sharp. And if you have DTS on your system, that's the way to go. I have several Albert Hall concerts on disc and this one is best sounding of them all.    Parting thoughts: There absolutely nothing sad about this show. In fact, it's really uplifting! George was a man who really cared about people and this show reflects that care. My only criticism of this concert is the obvious no-show of one of George's closest friends, Bob Dylan. But I respect Bob, and I'm sure he had a good reason for not being able to attend. All in all, this a must-have DVD. So pop it in the player, turn down the lights, fire-up the incense and enjoy!
0385336810|5.0|Emma Corrigan is hillariously witty and charming just like the heroine of the Shopaholic series! I was doubled over in laughter throughout the entire book. Don't miss this one if you enjoy a rip-roaring laugh!!
B0001IN0DA|5.0|1. Unites States Championship- cena vs show(c)- Best opening match of the year. 5.5/10<BR>2. RAW Tag Team Titles- RVD and Booker T.(c) vs La Resistance vs Dudley Boyz vs Jindrak and Cade. Not very good match but all the matches on the card can't all be good. 4/10 <BR>3. Jericho vs Christian- Great match. Was one of the better matches of the night. 8.5/10<BR>4. Evoulution vs Rock-N-Sock Connection. Ok match but was definitly given an extra lift with the return of Mick and Rock. Also Orton showed he is a great wrestler.8/10<BR>5. Playboy Evening Gown Match Sable and Torrie Wilson vs Stacy Keibler and Miss Jackie. Terrible match but the women were definitely hot.4/10 <BR>6. Brock Lesner vs Goldberg Scpecial Referee- Stone Cold Steve Austin. With both Lesner and Goldberg gone after this match they did as much as they could. Alhtough the match did suck I think it will go down as one of the most talked about and historic matches in Wrestlemania history just because of the names involved. 6/10<BR>7. Smackdown Tag Team Titles Rikishi and Scotty Too Hotty (c) vs APA vs World's Greatest Tag Team vs Basham Brothers. Bad match. Just so boring and it would have been better with a title change but that didn't happen. 4/10<BR>8. Crusierweight Open- Was good with Chavo and Rey going down to the finish. Also if you look very closely you can see Ultimo Dragon make a fool of himself by slipping twice. 7/10<BR>9. Womens Championship Molly Holly(c) vs Victoria. Was a very respectable match but the after math with Molly getting her head shaved was just plain disturbing. 5/10 <BR>10. WWE Championship Eddie Guerrero(c) vs Kurt Angle. Very technical match. Also very well done. Although would have also been better with a title change, non the less it turned out to be one of the best of the night. 8/10<BR>11. Undertaker vs Kane. Very mixed match. First off the match was good, it wasn't great but it was decent. Secondly The Undertaker return to the dead man was very hyped, however when he gotto the ring all that had changed was he dyed his hair and changed his hair color. that was very dissapointing. 7/10<BR>12. World Heavyweight Chapionship HHH(c) vs HBK vs Benoit. The best match I have ever seen. It was what a main event at Wrestlemaina should be. The best match of the night by far. 10/10<br />Overall the best Wrestlemania ever. 80/120
B0000399WI|5.0|like listening to someone read poetry for two hours.  i like stephen king, but this is beyond... morgan freeman is amazing.  if you would never have believed you could love a movie about men in prison, watch &quot;the shawshank redemption&quot;.
B00000JLWW|1.0|P. Landry was right when he said that the movie celebrates something that shouldn't be remembered at all. The Spanish Influenza pandemic, on the other hand, stopped society as we knew it. People couldn't even get on a train without a mask on. The sinking of the dumb Titanic didn't do that to society. Hollywood wise up and make an &quot;SI&quot; movie!
B00008S2VG|5.0|First of all.How in the world you can not like this album ? Madonna fans who say there disapointed are stupid. This is a masterpice and ahead of its time. Also  these so-call haters must really like madonna cuase there in here comparing/waisting time writing reviews comparing to there idol's. You Cher,Mariah Carey,Janet Jackson ext.. fans really need grow up.. Madonna is Madonna a risk taker tries new things DOES NOT REPEAT herself like these so call divas do.  American Life's lyrics are for-real on today's world.  Buy it you will NOT be dissapointed......
B0001HAHXW|3.0|When Clapton recorded and released his 'Unplugged' few years ago, he made wonderful covers of both Robert Johnson's Malted Milk and Walking Blues. The result was absolutely brilliant. I had not heard a more inspired, passionate,soulful Clapton in years.<BR>I would say that the opposite is true of 'Me and Mr. Johnson'. Leaving aside why Clapton decided to record  the 14 songs he chose instead of Rambling on My Mind, I'm a steady Rollin'Man, and so on; the record has a major problem.<BR>There's no energy, there's no strength, there's no passion. If you listen to Robert Johnson's original recording they're phenomenlly powerful. In Clapton's rendition, those very same song almost put you to sleep.<BR>Love in Vain is a perfect case in point. It is a very powerful song, one of those songs that strikes some chords inside you. Robert Johnson created that magic, the Rolling Stones were able to preserve that magic in their cover, but all the magic is lost with Clapton. Love in Vain is almost boring. Clapton is a great guitar player and  great bluesman, but the arrangements he chose for this record are terrible. They take all the energy away from these great great songs. What a disaster.
0812580346|3.0|I was writing my review for this book and realized, after writing it, that my initial review and grade was too high. While enjoyable and with beautiful writing, there are several annoying details with this book that detract from it. Note that this review will give you a somewhat biased view because I'm focusing on the negative; it's very well written. But the negatives can be very annoying, and I found myself putting the book down for a minute or two (very rare for me, I usually read books straight through without pausing).<br />The first and greatest irritation is the ending, which suddenly veers off into Weirdland for no discernable storytelling reason. The book would have been far better served by leaving the second 'flash forward' completely in the imaginations of the readers, instead of the bizzare trip forward that Sawyer gives us.<br />The second is spottiness in pursuing the various threads about the future. It would have been interesting to know what the CERN administrator and his wife planned to change about Marc's upbringing, or any of a number of other things briefly revealed during the book. A related problem is that we know that the future can be changed, and yet Sawyer seems to semi-forget this and writes strange twists that nearly bring about the 'fated' occurrences anyways. It's an inconsistency.<br />Third off, most minor, and endemic to Robert Swayer's works is a general misunderstanding of human cultures and politics. There's a pervasive, if quiet, set of assumptions that he has which crop up in his works and annoy the hell out of me. I refer to it as 'Carl Sagan Syndrome' because, while I find his books interesting and thoughtful, he had the same problem. It's easier to point out specific instances than to define the whole here, but I owe it to you to try: Sawyer has the apparent view that there is a cultural inevitability, inexorable and unstoppable, pushing all Western nations along the same track, and views nations which seem to be wanderingoff this track as in some way retarded. This is most specifically seen regarding the United States in his works, presumably because the US is farthest off his imagined track. I won't start an essay here, but it's highly unlikely that the US would adopt the metric system, for starters, as he posits the 'flash forward' reveals. The line about &quot;the Second Amendment or whatever it was that made Americans think they could go around armed&quot; is an excellent example of this mode of thinking he indulges in. The unspoken thought is &quot;No one has the right to go around armed!&quot;. The problem is that, at least in the US, they do, because they enacted laws to that effect and have retained them. Sawyer's thoughts on the matter are irrelevant and he should try to not let them color his thinking so.
B000003TA4|3.0|Was Kurt Cobaina musical genius? No. Is Nevermind the most ground breaking album you will ever? No. Are Nirvana a great band? Yes. This is just an album's worth of good songs, nothing more, nothing less. Just like every other album ever made ever, 'Nevermind' has it's highs and lows. The high's being 'On a plain' and 'Lounge act', the lows being 'smells like teen spirit'. There are better albums, as are there worse. But really, who cares?
B00005V3Z4|5.0|Donnie Darko is....a complicated movie. a strange mixture of dark adolescent daydreams, spirituality, time travel, faith and fate. the main cahacter is teen age boy named donnie darko (Jake Gyllenhall) whom suffers from schizophrenic daydreams. The characters are well developed and the movie keeps you interested in the plot. Pay close attention because this one will mess with your head.
B00005JMEW|2.0|I had high hopes for this movie. I thought both &quot;Reservoir Dogs&quot; and &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; were great, innovative, interesting movies. But this movie... I totally wasted the $4 I paid to rent it.<br />The first half was quite good. Very stylized, the characters seemed interesting, Uma was doing a great job. Then, all of a sudden, it's just all this extremely lame and gratuitious violence, not to mention that they stole (along with so many others) some of the wall-climbing &quot;Matrix&quot; moves. Boy, I'm tired of seeing those.<br />The worst part, and my husband agrees, is that when people would get stabbed with the samurai blade or have a limb chopped off (it happened a lot), the blood would come out in the super-fine spray, like an airbrush, not like an artery had been severed. Call me a nitpicker, but that got old, too.<br />I know Quentin Tarantino has better movies in him. I just hope he makes those movies before a third &quot;Kill Bill&quot; installment.
B000002KFJ|5.0|Not just for Black Sabbath, but for any band. This is probably the best album by Sabbath, and many say it is the worst. This 1975 album showcases a much heavier edge than Black sabbath was used to. It's like the usual sound, wxed with almost thrash metal sounding melodies. Well, maybe not that fast, but real fast. This album shows how Black sabbath is still one of the heaviest bands out there. Pantera covered Hole In The Sky on Reinventing the Steel, and it sounds almost exactly the same. Megalomania, clocking in at almost ten minutes is probably the best song on the album, beginning with sludgy, doomy, weeping sounds, then going into crunching rock melodies. This is definitely the most underrated album. Ignore what most people say about this album, it is all wrong. This is far better than Paranoid.
B0001UZZWW|3.0|Let's break it down.  This bundled package comes with two DVDs individually wrapped in separate keep cases: Shrek and Shrek 3-D.<br />Shrek - Great film.  Totally lame pan-and-scan version.  I envision two scenarios. 1) Dreamworks executives think kids won't enjoy letterbox on standard TVs and so bundled Shrek 3-D with the pan-and-scan version of the original. Or, more likely, 2) they figured they could charge a lot more for only 16-minutes worth of new material by only selling it with the dumbed-down release (read: cheapest to reproduce) version of the original, which was the 1-disc so-called &quot;full frame&quot; version, as opposed to the double disc, extras-laden widescreen version.<br />Shrek 3-D - Fun but short continuation of the first film's storyline.  The use of Anaglyph 3-D, rather than Field Sequential, is a shame but luckily there's a non-3-D version on the disc as well.  It's interesting to note that, despite the version of Shrek it comes bundled with, Shrek 3-D is anamorphic widescreen.<br />My recommendation: Skip this unless, like me, you absolutely must have Shrek 3-D for your collection (you can always sell the pan-and-scan version to a friend or on Amazon or eBay) or you have kids who don't give a hoot one way or another about aspect ratio or Anaglyph vs. FS 3-D and just love Shrek.<br />Hope this helps.
B000005JA8|4.0|My favorite review here encourages the listener to ditch &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot; for &quot;real music.&quot;<br />That's probably a good idea. Captain Beefheart doesn't make &quot;real music,&quot; not in the sense that anyone who uses that phrase would define. He makes something else - blues-spattered poetry recited/sung over blues-spattered noise. No one has really been able to copy it, because no one is crazy enough (Tom Waits dove deep into Beeheart influence with &quot;Bone Machine&quot; and &quot;Black Rider,&quot; though) or able to penetrate the warped and far-out mind that would conceive such a thing. But Beefheart made his album anyway, it's become sort of a classic anyway, and that right there gives me faith in humanity.<br />But that ducks the question: is it any GOOD? Depends on your cup of good, sister. Me, I just had a really bad, stress-filled, Travis Bickle kind of day, and so on my way to my &quot;Little Shop of Horrors&quot; rehearsal, I popped in my Beefheart CD. It soothed me completely, and scrubbed my blues away in about 20 minutes. Granted, I had kept it hidden for about two years, because the last time I put it on I found it unlistenable halfway through the first track. But now I'm fascinated with it.<br />That's how it goes with odd, noisy music that follows no rules. There may come some point in your life where you say &quot;Hey! I get it now!&quot; Or, that time may never come. Either way, &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot; doesn't have a good beat, and you can't dance to it. But don't give up on it - the bad-vibe hippie music might get to you yet. Groovy, baby.
0156027321|5.0|Life of Pi is a powerful and touching novel about a \\"story that will make you believe in God,\\" in which the son of a zookeeper whose family is immigrating to Canada.  They sell off all the zoo animals they can, pack up the rest, and board an old Japanese cargo ship bound for North America.  Unfortunately, en route, their ship sinks with a \\"monstrous metallic burp\\", leaving only Pi, a hyena, a zebra, an orangutan and a tiger named Richard Parker left alive on a single life boat.  Nature quickly takes its course, leaving just Pi and the tiger left to battle for survival.  In order to survive, Pi must sustain his own needs while still avoiding certain death by tiger.<br /> To this end he finds himself hoarding fresh water, fishing daily, and capturing live sea turtles with which he sates his own hunger and that of his unlikely companion.  With his intimate knowledge of animals and animal psychology, he sets out to \\"train\\" Richard Parker\\" that he himself is the alpha male, and thus has rights to his own territory.  While this procures only a very precarious safety for Pi, it is enough to save him from his companion, as long as his companion is provided for.<br /> Oddly enough, rather than hating the tiger that plagues him constantly, Pi finds that Richard Parker becomes his greatest ally, for of all the dangers facing Pi, the most dangerous is his own mind.  Without the will to survive and the drive to do what needs to be done, he would have perished.  Richard Parker provided exactly the motivation that Pi needed.  It was his presence that forced Pi into action and kept him keen and alert enough to fight for survival for nearly nine months at sea.<br /> This story in itself is highly entertaining.  The writing style alone is exquisite and absolutely hilarious.  What really makes this novel great, however, is the story under the story.  This novel is not about a boy who survives impossible odds; it is about the power of faith and the human spirit.  No matter what happens, Pi never loses his innocence.  He never loses his faith in God, and he never loses his wonder at the world around him.<br /> Faith is something that our world sorely lacks these days.  There are few people of true faith.  Author Yann Martel said that the difference between belief and faith is that \\"With faith you let go.  You trust.  Whereas with belief you cling.\\"  Many of us have belief in a religion, a way of life, certain morals, or other similar and inflexible human codes of law.  But what we lack is the ability to completely give ourselves over a faith in the unknown.  We can't let go.  What is amazing about this story is that this lone boy turned nearly savage by his experiences still retains more faith than most of us have in a lifetime.  He accepts his fate with what seems like impossible resolve.  Any lesser person would have simple jumped in the sea and drowned themselves to end the suffering.  One wonders what it takes to obtain such faith, let alone to keep it through such an ordeal.  In many ways, this story really does \\"make you believe in God.\\"
B00005MAM2|5.0|I first saw Akira in the early 1990s at the Neptune Theatre in Seattle. (At the time an \\"art house\\" with a wonderfully eclectic playbill, it's since become a first-run movie house, though still one of the most beautiful movie theaters inside you could ever want to see.) Imagine that, all you Akira fans, seeing this film for the very first time on the big screen. When I left the theatre I was literally shaking, and thinking to myself, \\"You don't just watch that movie. You inject it into your veins.\\"    The good news is that this DVD does all the things we want a DVD to do - the picture quality is great, likewise the sound. Unfortunately - for most of us - Akira is a movie that's considerably lessened on the small screen versus seeing it in a theatre. Otomo's obsessive attention to detail, the sheer complexity of the drawings, the larger-than-life horror of much of the imagery, fairly begs for a large canvas to present it at its best. If you have a friend with a true big screen TV with a surround sound system, beg, borrow or steal the opportunity to plug your Akira DVD into it. You'll be glad you did.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Those who claim this album is nu-metal have listened to 1...pehaps 2...songs on the disc. Try listening to the 11 minute instrumental &quot;Stream of Consciousness&quot;. Try listening to the short but fantastic &quot;Vacant&quot;. If you honestly can say things like &quot;Metallica would record that&quot; or &quot;just nu-metal crap&quot;, then one of 3 things is wrong...<br />1. You've never listened to Metallica<BR>2. You don't actually know what nu-metal is<BR>3. You've never listened to any of Dream Theater's other work<br />Honestly, those two tracks alone are classic Dream Theater, and they're not the only ones. Listen to the instrumental pieces on Scenes from a Memory (still their best disc), and then this disc. Its all there. In a lot of ways, this disc is very Scenes-from-a-Memory-ish, without the storyline. Nu-metal doesn't sound like this, and neither does Metallica (never did, actually). The time chages, the keyboard parts, the returning to a theme after monstrous solos...classic, textbook, DT.<br />Sure, if you listen to As I Am, its somewhat simple, given what we know they can do. But that doesn't make it a bad song...its just not 18 minutes of huge solos. So what? Listen past that song...and not just once. Listen several times. Then listen to any...I say ANY...Metallica album. They don't, and never did sound like this.<br />It was 6DOIT that was the odd one out. Not this one. If you really can hear music, and understand it, you'll know this is a return to form, not a further departure. In fact, if anything, this disc is a compilation. It takes the musical places Dream Theater has been over the years, and puts them together in one place. Ever listen to &quot;Lie&quot; from Awake? Do you know why nobody accused that of being nu-metal? Because there was no such thing then. But its heavy...just like As I Am.<br />Train of Thought is a really great album. The best ever? No. But regardless of what you think of the individual tracks, this IS Dream Theater,through and through. And you're a fool to think any different. You're not a fool if you don't like it. Everyone is entitled to thier feelings. But to say its Metallica or some nu-metal sound. Thats not opinion...its simply incorrect.
6304639457|5.0|I have 120 dvds and I've never watched one more than &quot;The Dance&quot;  Stevie is absolutely awesome and I feel bad I didn't know much about her music until I was 17. I don't usually endorse a certain celebrity as my ultimate favorite, but Stevie seems to know me and I seem to know her.  We have a lot in common.  I can read her lyrics and understand that.  I love Stevie and would rather meet her than the president.  She is my inspiration in life to deal with what your dealt and not blame someone else.
B000099T2L|4.0|Beyonce took a chance going on her own to do an album, and it definitely paid off. This album continues to sell more and more copies, and the reason is she is very talented, and not to mention fine. She chose the best songs as singles. The first 3 songs are all chart topping hits. I still can't get enough of Crazy in love, the first single from the album. When they play this joint at the club everyone still goes wild for it, and hits the dance floor singing along word for word. Naughty girl, the current single is getting mad airplay, and her video to this song with the help of Usher is getting alot of request. Baby Boy was her second single featuring Sean Paul. The 2 fit this sound perfectly. The ladies will love the anthem Me, Myself, and I, which is a song alot of girls can relate to. When i bought this cd, i was really excited to hear Signs, because i am a big fan of Missy Elliott produced tracks, but i must say i was pretty dissapointed. Her style is usually very unique and exciting, but i found this song to be pretty boring. And the song hip hop star is very annoying to me, i can't stand it. My favorite track from this album is Speechless. This is a very sensual and sexey song which is pretty rare for Beyonce to do. It really showcases her vocals and it's just hot. That's how you like it featuring Jay Z is a really happy feel good song. I like it. And don't be fooled by Danerously in Love 2. This is exactly the same song as from the Destiny's Child album. So not a perfect album but with the many hot singles, this album is definitely worth buying.
B000006OBQ|5.0|I couldn't find a specific Amazon webpage for the \\"DVD-Audio\\" version of this fabulous Frank Sinatra album, so I'm putting this review in here for the \\"Audio CD\\" version.<br />But, if you can locate a copy of the DVD-Audio edition of \\"Sinatra At The Sands\\", I'd highly recommend going with that alternative.  Because the Surround Sound is terrific and full on the DVD-Audio.  You are literally smothered in sound via this excellent disc, as Old Blue Eyes belts out more than a dozen top tunes, as only he can do.<br />From \\"Come Fly With Me\\" to \\"My Kind Of Town\\" (and a whole bunch more in between), Frank gives the \\"Sands\\" audience (and us) a top-notch musical experience, which comes complete with that tremendous-sounding Count Basie Orchestra.  There are also two \\"Monologue\\" tracks presented on the DVD, with Frank keeping his Las Vegas audience in stitches with many memorable quips. Plus, we also get three separate \\"Count Basie Instrumentals\\" during the concert.<br />This \\"Sinatra At The Sands\\" disc (which has a total running time of 76 minutes) was actually recorded over a period of several nights, culling many different Sinatra performances from his appearances at \\"The Sands Hotel\\" in late January and February 1, 1966.  This was just shortly after Frank's 50th birthday (which he celebrated on December 12, 1965).<br />I play this DVD-Audio disc on a \\"standard\\" DVD-Video Player, which means if you've got a \\"DVD-Audio Player\\" this disc will sound even *better* (with two \\"Advanced Resolution\\" soundtracks being offered).  But, on regular DVD-Video Players, you can still get tremendous sound via the TWO separate Dolby Digital Tracks that are included (a 5.1 Surround track and one with 2.0 Stereo).<br />A sizeable \\"Photo Gallery\\" is provided as a bonus \\"video\\" feature on the DVD-Audio edition of this album, with many behind-the-scenes and on-stage images, displayed in super-clear resolution.  A great Gallery!<br />A 16-page booklet comes in this package, with a track listing and extensive liner notes, including a surplus of behind-the-scenes information regarding Mr. Sinatra and his appearances at \\"The Sands\\".<br />If you have an intense desire to be \\"Surrounded\\" by one of the greatest entertainers in history (specifically a fellow by the name of Frank), then I'd recommend running out and securing a DVD-Audio copy of this very enjoyable concert. Your ears will thank you. (At the very least, get the CD version.)nd extensive liner notes, including a surplus of behind-the-scenes information regarding Mr. Sinatra and his appearances at \\"The Sands\\".<br />If you have an intense desire to be \\"Surrounded\\" by one of the greatest entertainers in history (specifically a fellow by the name of Frank), then I'd recommend running out and securing a DVD-Audio copy of this very enjoyable concert. Your ears will thank you. (At the very least, get the CD version.)
B000001FDK|5.0|WHILE ME I THINK THAT THE MOVIE AND THE CD IS THE MOST FUNNIEST AND MOST INTERSTING TO WATCH AND TO LISTEN. I ALMOST WATCH THAT MOVIE EVER DAY, GREASE IT'S A MOVIE THAT WILL NEVER FADE AWAY. BACK WHEN I WAS BORN I USE TO WATCH IT AND STILL WATCH IT NOW SO IF YOU THINKING ABOUT BUING IT DON'T THINK THAT LONG CUZ YOUR WASTING YOUR TIME ON AN EXCITING MOVIE. ALSO THINKING ABOUT BUING THE CD DON'T THINK THAT LONG BECAUSE THE MUSIC YOUR GOING TO LOVE I MEAN LOVE IT. IT'S THE BEST AND IT'LL STAY THE BEST
B0001CCXY8|1.0|you know what i think of this music?to be honest...i dont even know what it sounds like!but i have my reasons:<br />is it really worth buying?a group with a lyricscist who has no talent when he writes his songs,never changes the subject,just talks about sick,violent acts for over 12 years...and people wonder why theres so much killings.i mean..hey,what do i know,im only 12 right?i know a more about music than many adults,beleive me!i listen to all sorts of metal,like korn,slipknot,limp bizkit,mudvayne,chimaira,sevendust,coal chamber...etc,but this...this is something that is not considered music!im no christian!but this is just pure sickness.<br />people protest against eminem,marilyn manson,and other bands...why not these guys?their worse than any band i have ever heard of!im sure i would like their songs,i have heard a clip of the guitar player(i play guitar),but the lyrics are just simply out of control!<br />if people stoped these guys,marilyn manson changed his lyrics a bit....their would be less suicides!i know a lot of you probably hate me,i dont care!<br />so think about this,dont put me down cause i am younger!if there was no music,id be screwed!if any of you listen to this,your no different from the band themselves,if you want to hear about murder....go watch americas most wanted or 60 minutes,or something else!just look at yourself and think:should i really waste 15 bucks on a story of twisted murder?think about it.<br />if you want good metal,try some of these bands:korn,metallica,limp bizkit,linkin park,ill nino,mudvayne,kittie,adema,slipknot,36 crazyfists,chimaira,inflames,sworn enemy,arch enemy,soil,sevendust,godsmack,cold,coal chamber,devildriver,or get a copy of mtv2 headbangers ball.<br />read the lyrics,go ahead,then argue with me.if you want to comment or complain to me...then send your email to: hvymetalroxs@msn.com<br />later.
B00009L1TA|5.0|This is by far Travolta's best movie since &quot;Face-off&quot;. Basic is almost impossible to predic, that's what I love about this moive, not many thrillers can do that anymore. The ending was great! Much better ending than &quot;Identity&quot;, why? because it is not a let down, many movies now days end with you saying what's was the point, for one Tarantino's movies(Pulp Fiction), even if their not bad movies they always living you saying what's the point. Another great thing about basic is the cast, Academy Award nomine Sam Jackson and the very hot Connie Nielsen, she sould be in more stuff. Once Agian Travolta's has made another winner! He relly has proved to be one of the best actors of all time. If you like this movie, try out &quot;The General's Daughter&quot;, &quot;Snake Eyes&quot;.
B000002LRX|5.0|..meant that right after being widly introduced to the mainstream, with a rocking, yet somewhat commercial( by there own standerds), the band pulls a complete 180, and releases a dark, menacing, and distorted follow up that seemed to concentrate more on pleasing thier fans artistically, as opposed to watering downthier music further to sell records, which I admire in bands. <BR>    The only problom that occured when this happened is that when Primus did it , supprisingly, thier album was a hit, sold tons of copy's, and remained a fan favorite, at the same time, wheras when faith no more released Angel Dust, it cost them thier fame. Which I find kind of strange because it means that the band's commercial downfall by the charts, was thier masterpiece by thier fans.<BR>     But enogh about me going on about how such a great album that got such great reviews, was the end of the bands huge fame streak, and actually start discribing that album.<BR>   First of all, this one takes a couple of listens to before it actually starts to hit you with it's greatness, first of all, when i first put it in my cd player, and turned it on, I thought  that I had actually fast forwarded to the album's halfway point, which I guess is the only slight low point of the record(that and the disturbing lyrics of Be aggressive). But after a couple of listens, it starts to sink in( it also helps to look at the lyrics).<BR>   lastly I would probably not reccomend this album to you unless you've heard Primus, Mr. Bungle(Mike Patton's Psycotic side project), or other Faith no More. But if you have heard these bands, then I would reccomend giving angel dust a shot.<br />  Yes, that's interesting, but tell me, WHY DON'T YOU HAVE THIS YET!!!!???
B0000AK7AC|5.0|This is the movie which I have guided my young children too, so that we can both enjoy it on the 50th viewing. <br />It is visually terrific, the script and delivery have great little twists. The message of respect and communication is well delivered (and not saccharine).<br />I think Entetainment Weekly magazine was right when it included Babe as one of the timeless classics produced in the 1990's.
B0000041LL|5.0|This will be brief; like the other reviewers, I give this 10 CD set 5 stars only because there are no \\"6-star\\" ratings.  The music is superb, the playing is thoughtful, expressive and articulate, and the sound is rich and warm.  No wonder the Gramophone Guide lists it as one of the best 100 classical recordings of all time.<br />There are other recordings of near equal quality (Vegh Quartet and The Lindsays) but I haven't seen any complete sets from them.  There are cheaper sets available; I listened to one such set and then ordered this one instead.  And I'm very glad that I did!
B00008H2LB|5.0|Excellent album, much broader and fuller than Hybrid Theory.  The lyrics, layered percussion (drums, mixing, & bass), and driving tunes combine to make this an album destined to be on many \\"must listen\\" lists.
B0001GOH6Q|3.0|\\"Big Fish\\" is the latest bit of calculated whimsy from famed director Tim Burton.  With a screenplay by John August based on the Daniel Wallace novel, Burton tells the tale of Edward Bloom, a man whose whole life has been one \\"big fish story\\" after another.  Now old and facing death, Bloom needs to come up with a rousing finale to cap off his largely fictionalized life.  Bloom's son, William, a realist and pragmatist, bitterly resents the \\"lies\\" his father has been feeding him ever since he was a boy, and yearns, in these last moments together, to hear the \\"true\\" story of the old man's life.  But, in his investigation into the veracity of all the tall tales he's been told, William discovers that there may be more truth to these myths and legends than he has ever allowed himself to believe.  He also realizes that, in debunking all the whoppers, he will be depriving his father of the one real trait that defines him as a person and that distinguishes him from everybody else.<br />The title of the film actually functions on two symbolic levels simultaneously.  On the one hand, it reflects the fictionalized nature of Bloom's life and the grandiose egotism of his character.  On the other, Bloom is, himself, the \\"big fish\\" in a small pond, as he leaves his mark on the world around him.  \\"Big Fish\\" is actually most effective in the scenes set in the present, as father and son come to terms with the quality that each dislikes most about the other.  William feels deceived by a father who, despite the fact that he made himself appear to be a larger-than-life heroic figure, was actually just a mediocre, often-absent dad, too busy with his secret \\"fantasy\\" life to make time for his own lonely son (the story has strong echoes of \\"Death of a Salesman\\" in its underlying vision and theme).  Bloom, in a similar way, finds his son lacking in the kind of large-scale imagination that Bloom feels makes life worth living.<br />The film is considerably less successful in the \\"flashback\\" scenes tracing Bloom's life from his own birth to his son's early childhood.  The scenes are all elaborately staged in the best Tim Burton manner - filled with hauntingly mythical settings, surrealistic events and doses of Magic Realism - but the filmmakers can't overcome the unfortunate fact that these sequences are essentially as uninteresting and irritating as real \\"fish stories\\" tend to be.  Bloom's \\"adventures\\" come across as dime-novel vignettes, which is supposed to be the point, I guess, but it still means that we are squirming with impatience through large - indeed very large - stretches of the film.  Every time we come back to the present - to real, flesh-and-blood human beings - our interest picks back up.  That's why the film, in its latter stages, becomes such a moving and profound experience, as we finally get to see and know the real man who is Edward Bloom, wrinkles, warts and all.<br />Burton has assembled a wonderful cast for the occasion.  The marvelous Albert Finney plays the dying Bloom and invests the film with an emotional depth just by his mere presence in the role.  Ewan MacGregor does a fine job as the young, idealistic Bloom, while Jessica Lange and Alison Lohman enact the parts of Bloom's wife present and past (MacGregor and Lohman look as if they could truly grow up to be Finney and Lange).  Billy Crudup brings a subtle depth to the role of William and the scenes between him and Finney truly touch the heart.  Helena Bonham Carter, Steve Buscemi and Danny De Vito round out the impressive cast.<br />Maybe it says more about me than it does about the film that I ended up liking the parts that were the LEAST Burton-esque the best.  But, then again, this is from someone who thinks that the comparatively earthbound \\"Ed Wood\\" is Burton's best film.enes tracing Bloom's life from his own birth to his son's early childhood.  The scenes are all elaborately staged in the best Tim Burton manner - filled with hauntingly mythical settings, surrealistic events and doses of Magic Realism - but the filmmakers can't overcome the unfortunate fact that these sequences are essentially as uninteresting and irritating as real \\"fish stories\\" tend to be.  Bloom's \\"adventures\\" come across as dime-novel vignettes, which is supposed to be the point, I guess, but it still means that we are squirming with impatience through large - indeed very large - stretches of the film.  Every time we come back to the present - to real, flesh-and-blood human beings - our interest picks back up.  That's why the film, in its latter stages, becomes such a moving and profound experience, as we finally get to see and know the real man who is Edward Bloom, wrinkles, warts and all.<br />Burton has assembled a wonderful cast for the occasion.  The marvelous Albert Finney plays the dying Bloom and invests the film with an emotional depth just by his mere presence in the role.  Ewan MacGregor does a fine job as the young, idealistic Bloom, while Jessica Lange and Alison Lohman enact the parts of Bloom's wife present and past (MacGregor and Lohman look as if they could truly grow up to be Finney and Lange).  Billy Crudup brings a subtle depth to the role of William and the scenes between him and Finney truly touch the heart.  Helena Bonham Carter, Steve Buscemi and Danny De Vito round out the impressive cast.<br />Maybe it says more about me than it does about the film that I ended up liking the parts that were the LEAST Burton-esque the best.  But, then again, this is from someone who thinks that the comparatively earthbound \\"Ed Wood\\" is Burton's best film.
B0000AMRJC|3.0|But the merit of de Palma is the updating, from booze market in Chicago, to drugs market in Florida, which should have sent some message to the people pretending to be 'in charge'. The sad thing is not many politicitians have yet understood (of course, I'm not talking about the ones who get their cut) that the 'Prohibition' Laws only succeeded in creating the Mafia economical power, and that anything &quot;forbidden&quot; has a very strong appeal for many who would not care very much for something they could find in Wal'Mart; and, even if they still wanted it then, freer and cheaper availability would make life a lot safer for those risking to be mugged and/or killed so they can help junkies to get cash for their dose: just ask people in Holland (where life is not more depraved than in Miami, but much safer).<BR>For those who like History, 18th Amendment started not long before Mr. W. H. Hays took office in Hollywood, but finished much sooner: there was sure no shortage of stupidity in the ruling class at the time, and the results of their malfeasences are still effective.
B000099T2L|3.0|Beyonce can sing the hell out of an up-tempo song, but she does not have the voice to sing any mid-tempo tacks. She should dust herself off and try again.
B00005JM02|5.0|i luv finding nemo!! this is one of my number 1 fav movies!  the plot (marlin searching for his lost son nemo), the characters (marlin, nemo, dory, bruce, and others), and the setting in the deep blu sea make this movie hilarious and so cute!  i thought the beginning was really sad but once i got into the movie, i luved every minute of it.  i know so many lines from this movie and they are all inside jokes with me friends.  if u havent seen this movie yet (GASP!) u should definitely c it/buy it/rent it right away!!  thats all i have 2 say. i hop u enjoy the movie as much as i did!  :D
0790729601|5.0|ERASER, directed with frenetic passion by Charles Russell, is an exemplary Arnold movie.  The big governor will never win any Oscars, but he always gives us what we expect: high octane action and great supporting characters.  The scene in which Arnie jumps from the airplane is one heck of a suspenseful sequence.  Likewise, the chase in the zoo and the climax are just what you expect---action movies dont' get a whole lot better than this.<br />Along with Arnie, we get James Caan as the weasle traitor, doing a fine, fine job; the lovely Vanessa Williams a likeable heroine we all root for; James Coburn as Arnie's boss with a stiff upper lip and great silver hair; the always dependable Robert Pastorelli, who steals every scene he's in--the ER sequence with Camryn Manheim is hilarious; in their short screen time, both James Cromwell as Williams' traitorous boss and Tony Longo as Little Mike are superb.  The action never lets up; there's some great surprises and even if the CGI crocks don't look totally real, their presence is highly effective.<br />YOU HAVE BEEN ERASED may be Arnie's companion piece to I'LL BE BACK.  Go gov go!!!
B00005R87Q|1.0|I'm not even going to waste my time with an in depth<BR>review of why this movie makes me angry.<br />All that's going for it are the cars.<br />Save your money and buy midnight club 2.<br />vin diesel is the worst actor since pamela anderson.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|This was a great follow up to a film that no one else can touch. It was a mind opening expreience to the real world and into the matrix. Neo do you regret taking the red pill? I think not. Worth the buy and to add to your library!!
B0001AP14E|5.0|this cd is amazing. kayne raps about real topics not just cars and cash.  Everyone should pick this up easily the best rap album so far this year.
B0001BKAEY|4.0|Well all you matrix fans you will be a little dissapointed with the thrid in the trillogy.  I enjoyed this film unti the last 10 min. What did they run out of money and said we meed to wrap this up?  The skittles ending I cound do without. You decide, the first was out of this world, the second was good, and the 3rd should have just been in the second and have it be a long movie.  Still worth the purchase and to watch....Trinity and Neo live!
B000002C1W|4.0|I had the pleasure of hearing A Momentary Lapse of Reason during my first year of college.  I was relatively new to Pink Floyd then and I've got to tell you, it was this album that got me hooked.  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; was and still is one of the most incredible songs I have ever heard. Although in the past Pink Floyd's music belied their search for the meaning of life in a muddled, drug addled way, they were finally able to embrace the enlightenment that comes with time and maturity. That being said, the mystical moments displayed on this album ring genuine to me.  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; is Gilmour's enlighened moment, drawn from personal experience. &quot;On The Turning Away&quot; breaks through towards the end.  And Sorrow is just a masterpiece.  This album was the epiphany that led to The Division Bell. David Gilmour, Nick Mason and Rick Wright's playing on this album is the result of the serenity and wisdom that comes from &quot;having been there and done that.&quot;
B000002H33|5.0|This metal masterpiece features some of Mettalica's most amazing, creative, and, rebellious music. The opening &quot;Battery&quot; <BR>commences with a sorrowful Spanish guitar intro, a prelude to the heavy riffing and power-hungry domination type lyrics (not to mention a couple of superb, wammy filled, lightning fast solos, courtesy of Kirk Hammet) that follow. This format in arrangement sets the vibe for the rest of the album. The lyrics, Hetfield explains, come from his numerous drug experiences in which he felt little or no control over his mind he was continually wasting. This, however, is brought about in many creative and intelligent forms, some of which contain slight evidence of being devised in relation to the main theme (Disposable Heroes and Lepar Messiah, anti war/anti fundi songs, in particular), which almost certainly is proof of some arrows flung at the establishment. Thats one of the reasons MOP is so powerful, for few other artists of the time could do this well. The only cut I'm not very praising of here is &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot;, a 6 minute piece with annoying and repetitive lyrics, a crappy tune Hetfield probably thought up in the shower, and a painfully mediocre riff. Still, the rest (which follow a description similar to that of &quot;Battery&quot;) make up for it and more. They aren't too frugal with the track times though, but if you're a true metal fan that most likely won't matter.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This is one of the best cd's out at this time(May, 2004). Please get a hold of this album if you have not. Kanye west has some of the best beats and lyrics. He has done a great job and I look forward to listening to more of his music. Please just buy this album and see for yourself!!!!!!!!!!
B0000025ZK|5.0|NOT MUCH NEEDS TO BE SAID OR WRITTEN ABOUT THE GREATNESS OF THIS SOLO CD FROM THE GREAT DAVID GILMOUR THE MAN RESPONSIBLE FOR THE AWESOME PINK FLOYD MUSIC.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ALONG WITH HIS FIRST CD.
B000000W5L|5.0|THIS ALBUM IN MY OPINION HAS ALWAYS BEEN VERY UNDERRATED IN COMPARISON TO THEIR OTHER GREAT ALBUMS LIKE BEGGARS BANQUET,LET IT BLEED AND STICKY FINGERS.IT IS A NICE CD AND IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B000002UAU|5.0|THIS CD HAS BEEN RATED IN THE TOP FIVE ALBUMS OF ALL TIME BY ROLLING STONE MAGAZINE AND IS MY FAVOURITE BEATLES CD ALONG WITH ABBEY ROAD.AN ABSOLUTE DELIGHTFUL CLASSIC.VERY,VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B000006TRV|5.0|THIS IS MY FAVOURITE PF CD ALONG WITH DARK SDE AND WISH YOU WERE HERE AND FEATURES ONE OF THE GREATEST ROCK SONGS EVER WRITTEN COMFORTABLY NUMB WHICH IS PLAYED BY ALL ROCK BANDS IN CONCERTS ININDIA.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.FANTASTIC
B000002G87|5.0|THIS CD WAS ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS CREATED ALONG WITH DUANE ALLMAN BY ERIC CLAPTON THE MASTER OF THE GUITAR AND SHOWCASAS BRILLIANT SONGS LIKE LAYLA AND OTHERS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR ALL LOVERS OF BLUES ROCK.
B00005QDW5|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST COMPILATIONS OF FLOYD AVAILABLE IN THE STORES TODAY AND FEATURES ALL THEIR BIG HITS LIKE COMFORTABLY NUMB,SORROW,ECHOES,MONEY,SET THE CONTROLS FOR THE HEART OF THE SUN AND WISH YOU WERE HERE.MY PERSONAL FAVOURITE.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ALONG WITH THEIR LIVE CD PULSE.
0679735909|5.0|Readers expecting a romance in the contemporary sense may well be disappointed with \\"Possession\\".  While it does offer its fair share of relationship drama, Byatt's Booker-winning masterpiece makes clear in its epigraph that \\"romance\\" is being used in a more arcane, literary sense here: it's an adventure, a hunt, a quest or chase, with elements of love, fantasy and improbability.  In that sense, \\"Possession\\" doesn't disappoint.  Indeed, Byatt's tale about the quest of two frustrated young academics to find and prove the veracity of a set of love letters between Victorian poets becomes the locus around which she builds what is probably the most accomplished novel of the late twentieth century.  It's an exploration of Victorian poetry, contemporary criticism and the biography industry as well as a ripping yarn.  Byatt's range - in both style and theme - is immense, as is the scope of what she's attempted here, and she nails every bit of it.  My only criticism is that some readers will lose interest battling their way through the extended letters of Ash and LaMotte and the lengthy extracts from Sabine's diary.  These sections, though important and beautifully written, are longer than they need to be and a little frustrating, if only because the main plot is so exciting that we want to get back to it as soon as possible.  But, I suppose, what would a Victorian romance be without a little excess?  Readers who've studied literature at university level will probably enjoy this novel the most, not only because the poetry will pique their interest, but because the academic characters - with their vanity, arrogance, anxieties and obsessions - are so precisely observed.  For me, Byatt's central achievement in this novel is that she manages to poke serious fun at the literary-critical industry, cut the theoretical legs from under everything from the idea of metaphor to Freud and feminism, and yet she never loses sight of, and respect for, those spine-tingling, hackle-raising moments that make literature worth reading and writing.  Indeed, she delivers a suite of them.ments that make literature worth reading and writing.  Indeed, she delivers a suite of them.
B0001UZZWW|1.0|lame. i imagine most people buying this already have shrek at home, so that would mean most buyers would be purchasing this for the new material. 16 minutes for $20 is pathetic. i feel dumber than a donkey for buying this. instead of &quot;adventure&quot; on the packaging, it should say &quot;new short feature&quot;. oh, have fun explaining to your kids, all excited and ready with glasses, that yes, that's all, there's no more. it was great having them look at me, confused about the &quot;movie&quot; ending so early.
B00003CXXM|4.0|Matt Damon in his first &quot;action hero&quot; role is very good as the amnesiac Jason Bourne, who wakes up on a fishing ship not knowing anything about his past.  As in all covert agent movies, Bourne is being hunted by his superiors to eliminate him since he failed in his mission.  Damon has the right amount of boyish exuberance and masculine machismo to infuse life and credibility into his unbelievable predicament.  Franka Potente is a good foil and companion for Damon in her role as his reluctant sidekick; her transformation from coquettish flirt to persistent helper is well done.  Clive Owen in a small role as an assassin has a very good scene in which he extols the life of the undercover agent just before he bites the dust. Academy award winner Chris Cooper joins such notables as Al Pacino (Recruit), James Caan (Eraser) as the superior who will go to any lengths to tidy up a mess.  Brian Cox and Julia Stiles round out the cast, but their performances are merely acceptable and nothing other talented actors couldn't have done..maybe even better.<br />I didn't see the first version of this (with Richard Chamberlain), so I can't compare; I also haven't read Mr. Ludlum's book..but this is a well done, well directed action movie, and I look forward to the sequel.
B0000025DD|5.0|THIS WAS AN ABSOLUELY DELIGHTFUL SOLO DEBUT CD FROM THE LEGENDARY DAVID GILMOUR FEATURING GREAT SONGS THERE IS NO WAY OUT OF HERE AND RAISE MY RENT.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
0790731479|5.0|not much i can say about this movie that fans of the movie dont already know!what i can say is this movie needs better dvd treatment and almost every one can agree with me on that,2disk special edition anyone?!
B000002UAR|5.0|THIS WAS YET ANOTHER CLASSIC CD FROM THE FAB FOUR FEATURING CLASSIC SONGS LIKE YELLOW SUBMARINE AND ELEANOR RIGBY.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED WITH SGT PEPPERS AND ABBEY ROAD.A MUST HAVE.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|This was possibly one of the funniest movies that I have seen this year.  I loved the format and the fact that we did have wallow around in one relationship for long.  Some have criticised the film for lack of depth but I think that this actually makes the film smart and appealing.<br />Hugh Grant is completely hilarious as the British Prime Minister, my God I'd vote for him!  For those reviewers who didn't like his treatment of the American President character, I say get over it.  The American President is played by Billy Bob Thornton; a real sleazy bully type.  Those of us who aren't American and who are a bit sick of the American President throwing his weight and limited intellect around, were cheering quietly along with Hugh Grant's character.<br />Liam Neeson's character is beyond funny, completely post-modern and his relationship with his son is touching.  I'm not a huge fan of romantic comedy but I laughed out loud throughout this<BR>film.  Buy the DVD, you will want to watch this more than once, especially with friends.
B00006LI4S|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVOURITE DVD'S FEATURING ONE OF THE BEST GUITARISTS GILMOUR WHO PERFORMS ALL THE GREAT FLOYD SONGS.I WOULD RECOMMENDED THIS AWESOME DVD TO EVERYONE.FIVE STARS.
B000001F9E|5.0|Jailbreak is one of the best and most underrated albums of all time. From start to finish it is a great album that showcases Thin Lizzy in their peak years. Everything about Jailbreak is perfect from Phil Lynott`s songwriting to the twin guitar attack of Brian Robertson and Scott Gorman. If you`re about to start your Thin Lizzy collection, then Jailbreak is the perfect album to start the collection.
B000002J09|5.0|THIS FOURTH CD FROM LED ZEPPELIN WAS ONE OF THE HIGHEST SELLING ROCK ALBUMS AFTER PF'S DARK SIDE OF THE MOON AND HOTEL CALIFORNIA AND FEATURED CLASSIC SONGS LIKE BLACK DOG,ROCK'N'ROLL AND STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN.VERY VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|Afterglow, is the return of Sarah McLachlan to music after more than 4 years of vacation.  One thing is unmistakeble, McLachlan's has an angel voice, it's just atmospheric.  But with &quot;Afterglow&quot; it seems she's still trapped in 1998, there is no innovation on this album, she could easily have fitted all the tracks in &quot;Surfacing&quot;, that's why some people don't playe dit at radio, &quot;Fallen&quot; sounded like Sarah's all released hits.  Only with different lyrics, it's obvious that McLachlan paid attention to the old said &quot;stick to the formula&quot;, but somehow after two superb album's, the third is enough, I wanted to hear a new venue like Jewel's 0304, ok she got little to pop-new wave, but at least she tried, but this could be put on the cd, along with Sarah's previous two albums, and you wouldn't tell wich song is newer than the other, if your not a fan.  So this album is in no way bad, is just the same stuff as always, I think that it's why this album hasn't make that much buzz.
B000002U9Y|5.0|THIS CD WAS MADE DURING THE TRANSITION TIME OF THE DEPARTURE OF SYD BARRET AND THE JOINING OF THE AWESOME DAVID GILMOUR.THIS CD FEATURES GREAT SONGS LIKE SET THE CONTROLS FOR THE HEART OF THE SUN,THE TITLE TRACK AND A GREAT SYD BARRET SONG JUGBAND BLUES.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
0446310786|4.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is a must read.  It is a story of two children Jem and Scout from Maycomb County growing up and experiencing new things.  Engenius and talented, these two explore Maycomb through couple of summers, learning and developing.  Harper Lee uses very good symbolism and portrays the characters in a style that the characters seem to be really alive.<BR>Exciting and mysterious this book will take you down to the the south where you will experience racism and compromise.  Each day for the two characters is an adventure and their wise father and many neighbors make life exciting, especially Arthur Radley.  The two experience loss, hatred, love, and understanding and they soon realize their place in the world and why things happen.
B00005QIPH|5.0|THIS WAS A GREAT ALBUM FROM THIS TALENTED ALTERNATIVE ROCK BAND AND ONE OF MY PERSONAL FAVOURITES.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B000068TP0|5.0|This DVD is one of the reasons why i love her now.I first witness this one MTV and in was in awe when i seen this beautiful woman with such power in her voice,and her movements was amazing.I was amazed to see this lady entertain her crowd and that is why i had to purchase this DVD and that is why i love her 'til this day
B0000026NC|5.0|THESE TWO CD'S FEATURE SOME OF THE GREATEST ROCK SONGS EVER WRITTEN LIKE COMFORTABLY NUMB,SORROW,MONEY,ON THE TURNING AWAY AND MORE.ONE OF MY FAVOURITE LIVE CD'S ALONG WITH LED ZEPPELIN'S HOW THE WEST WAS WON.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.A MUST HAVE.
B000002GOZ|4.0|I'm usually not a fan of the &quot;MTV Unplugged&quot; series that took place in the 1990s for two reasons:  1) MTV:  I don't like it and I don't like the influence they have had on the music industry;  2) I'd rather hear a full band set then just the acoustics.   However, Bryan Adams' Unplugged album made me think twice about shying away from an &quot;Unplugged&quot; album.    In this album Bryan Adams does a tremendous job at developing a fusion his early career work (going back to the album &quot;You Want It You Got It&quot; with some of his later career work &quot;18 Til I Die&quot;).   Adams succeeds in putting together a solid live album that doesn't have to depend on a large dose of the many pop hits.   As a result,  Adams is going to show great depth to his work and a solid diversity by being able to put an acoustic spin on things.<br />The portfolio of songs included on the album does not include any tracks from &quot;Into the Fire&quot; or &quot;Waking Up the Neighbours&quot;.  It only contains 2 songs from &quot;Reckless&quot;.  Immediately that would throw up a flag in my book, but don't let that deter you. The CD contains all of the lyrics to all of the songs that are included on the CD.   There is a nice listing of credits at the end as well.  Long time Adams band-mates Tommy Mandel, Mickey Curry, Keith Scott, and Dave Taylor are included.   <br />The album does open with one of the pop hits - &quot;Summer of 69&quot;.    This song will be highlighted by some nice vocal harmonies (the album gives Curry, Scott, and Taylor credits so I assume its them).   The tempo of the song has a mix between some slower parts and uptempo.  The result - a whole new spin on an old favorite.<br />The next song is a killer track - &quot;Back to You&quot;.   This is a new song by Adams and he hits the big homer in this song.  It is probably one of the better songs.  Great guitar work and great harmonies.  <br />Older songs &quot;Cuts Like a Knife&quot;, &quot;I'm Ready&quot;, and &quot;Fits Ya Good&quot; follow.  Best way to put it - new spins on old favorites.   Great move by Adams not being afraid to bring old songs out of the closet and put the 'unplugged' spin on it.<br />A new track &quot;When You Love Someone&quot; follows.   This is not one of Bryan's better tracks.  It is a soft love song ballad and it sounds a lot like the other ballads he cranked out in the 90s.   I'm not the biggest fan of Bryan Adams ballads (I don't think that is where his strength lies), so I am biased.<br />Bryan moves into his newer material.  &quot;18 Til I Die&quot; (title track from the album).   I wasn't a big fan of this particular song, but this does sound better with the 'Unplugged' angle.  <br />Bluesy songs follow.   This is the influence Bryan had from working on the 18 Til I Die album with Gretchen Peters and Robert &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange.  &quot; I Think About You&quot; and a new song , &quot;If Ya Wanna Be Bad-  You Gotta Be Good&quot; show that Bryan can do the blues.   More 18 Til I Die stuff follows with &quot;Let's Make a Night to Remember&quot;, &quot;The Only Thing that Looks Good On Me is You&quot;,<br />The album continues with another new song &quot;A Little Love&quot;.   This is another nice new song.  It has almost a mantra like feel to the song with some blues in the background as Bryan sings &quot;A Little Love Can Change it All&quot;.<br />The last two songs really go the soft route.  The 'other' pop song on the album is also from &quot;Reckless&quot; and that is &quot;Heaven&quot;.   Like I mentioned, I'm not a big fan of the Adams ballads, so I never was a fan of this song.   This version of the song doesn't really do much more for me.<br />The album wraps up with a song from &quot;18 Til I Die&quot; called &quot;I'll Always Be Right There&quot;.   It's a gentle end to a kinder and gentler Bryan Adams release.<br />I do recommend this album whether you are a new Bryan Adams fan or a long-time one.   It is one of the betteralbums that came out in 1997.
0446310786|1.0|there are a lot of great books out there but i just hate this book .. when you start reading the novel it becomes really boring not to mention how long it is. I would recommend &quot;the catcher in the rye&quot;
0345457684|5.0|Get this book! I don't review well. I never know how much of the story to give away to make my point, but I'll try. In the future, people have the ability to download their consciousness into other bodies. Our hero, Kovacs, is downloaded into a body on Earth to solve a murder. What makes this novel so great is the way Kovacs moves through a world that is completely recognisable, though it takes place in the future. Richard Morgan gives us a future that isn't all bright lights and polished chrome; but rather a future where the dark and seamier sides of life have advanced technologically along with everything else. This is an incredible read, whether you're into sci-fi or detective novels, and you will not be disappointed.
B00000269M|1.0|I borrowed the cd From a friend few years ago to try it.<BR>most of the tracks were O.K except Track 9 &quot;Dirty Diana&quot;:<BR>that song sounded awfull and sadistic to me considering the way he sings and screems there along with Steve Stevens Guitar solo.and to make things worse there are some strings played in the song.<BR>I'd listened to it few times for a second chance but NO.<BR>Im not listening to his songs anymore since they remind me of the exsistance of &quot;dirty diana&quot;, and im not his fan anymore.<br />I dont recommend this album or his other stuff for those musicologists who keep <BR>limited records collections worth listening to, and for those who understand complex mental psycology.
B0000019PA|5.0|...along with the Beatles catalog. One of the best albums I've ever heard. While the thing to do these days is to pick off singles and make mix tapes (because most albums are so cruddy), this album defies such treatment. Personally, I must listen to it as a whole, in order, from beginning to end. Off-putting at first, but it grows on you like skin.
B0001HAISG|5.0|I'm a huge fan of fantasy films, and this one is just right. When I saw the trailer, I thought yet again another remake of Peter Pan with super special effects and screaming kids off to Neverland.  But as they say, never judge a movie by its trailer.  I was pleasantly surprised with this film!  <br />Peter Pan for the first time is played by a child actor of suitable age, Jeremy Sumpter. He pulls off the portrayal excellently.  Every smirk, movement of the eyebrow, and teasing laugh captures all the mischievous and adventurous charm that is Peter Pan.  You cannot blame Wendy for falling for him.  He fulfills just about everything that is in her heart's desire.  However, Peter Pan is not just a crafty sprite who plays games and laughs all day.  We discover throughout the movie that he's a lot more three dimensional.  He does have feelings, he's flawed, he cries and when he fights, he actually gets beat around a good few times. He does not always think happy thoughts when it comes to bad news about Wendy.   <br />That's what is very special about this film.  It slows down enough to explore the feelings Peter Pan and Wendy have for one another since both of them are on the brink of puberty.  This is captured in a tender and sweet Dance of the Fairies.  I have never seen such an enchanting moment pictured on film.  It's a scene so memorably delicate, it often brings tears to my eyes.  It makes you want to go awwwwwwww!  It was at this point in the movie I realized the film was going to be more than just a game of Pirates versus Peter Pan and the kids.  <br />There's another one of those endearing moments between Wendy and Peter Pan later in the film, but why spoil the fun of it?  Might it involve a thimble?<br />I'm a big fan of Jason Isaacs so his version of Capt Hook is by far the best, putting past Hooks to shame.  The man is entirely dashing with amazing outfits (not just red).  This Capt Hook has taste, culture and cunning.  Isaacs is brilliant at striking the right balance of humour and malice in Hook without making him a caricature. He's somewhat chivalrous and still manages to shows respect for his enemy. And he worries. He is constantly reminded of his mortality by the ticking clock in the belly of that menacing crocodile.  What a loss to die old, alone and done for.  He hates the endless youthful carefree nature of Peter Pan; when he discovers Pan and Wendy's budding relationship, Hook is both fascinated and depressed.  <BR>  <BR>Smee is a delightful comic relief but never a stooge. The banter between him and Hook is humorous yet balanced enough to show that Hook is still in charge and not a man to be crossed.  In Spielberg's &quot;Hook&quot; too much time was spent on the comic episodes between Smee and Hook that you sometimes wondered if they were staying focused on the task of finding Peter Pan.  <br />The Darling children were absolutely darling without being over the top.  Just as Peter Pan is played first time by a boy, we get to see the first girl Wendy.  Rachel and Jeremy have great on-screen chemistry which adds to the magic of the film.  And the Lost Boys were sepctaular.  They were far more realistic than those obnoxiously annoying brats in Spielberg's version.  No cheesy lines like Rufiioooo or Bangerang, thank goodness.  However, one of my favorite lines in this flim is when Hook rolls his eyes at Wendy wanting to give Pan a gift and bawks, &quot;How like a girl!&quot;<br />Best of all is Tinkerbell.  Ludivine Sagnier is perfectly cast. She is such an expressive actress, giving Tinkerbell an adoringly playful and mischievous charm suitable for a fairy jealous of Wendy's affections for Pan.  She's much closer to the Disney version of Tinkerbell except slightly less graceful. Julia Roberts made for a boring chatty lovelorn Tinkerbell, waiting for that moment when Peter Pan will show up at her doorstep to give him a real kiss or hoping he'll call. A pretty boring and desparate version of Tinkerbell really. <br/>This is a great film that'll be loved by all ages with memorable scenes full of adventure and enchantment enchanced by a brilliant score.  Congratualtions, PJ Hogan, you've created a masterpiece. This is definitely one movie to add to your video library.
B000002WYW|5.0|For any clowns who think these Cds aren't hot they need to listen to it again. They are the gods of hip hop and they prove it once again with this Cd. Now put your f**in hands together for the triumph. Peace.
B00000J7SS|4.0|This album is absolutely crazy, but incredibly interesting. I did not take to it easily. It has required many many listens, while I've been working or painting or not &quot;studying it&quot; hypersensitively to just let this one in without any biases. I think Brew may be so unpredictable and sonically irritating that it cheats itself from getting fair amounts of playtime. There are wild pockets of sound here jumping all around at frantic unpredictable levels.  Listening to this honestly conjures up pagan imagery in my mind.  Maybe it's the fascinating artwork in combination with the dominant rhythmic drones... It is loud, irritating, unpredicatable and violent all in a flash.  There is a defiant attitude here (I hate to say almost &quot;punk&quot;) and it is not friendly.  Reminds me of  Iggy and the Stooges &quot;Raw Power&quot; album in a jazz funk vein. Regardless of attempted classification this one is anything but boring and I am glad to have found it.
B00005O3VC|5.0|This is the best movie in existence.  Holy Grail is the pythons best film.  I watched this movie before I ever knew who Monty Python were, and I still loved it!  After seeing it, I had to see other Python works, and now I am a Monty Python fanatic!!  The Black Knight scene is true comedy, and the killer rabbit is pure hilarity.  The extra features are terrific.  Watch a scene form the Holy Grail performed intirely in Lego!  Find out how many parts Michael Palin actually played!  Learn how to use your coconuts!  Anyone who has seen Python, or is a complete newcomer, will love this wonderfully funny movie.
B00007LTIA|5.0|First of all, and it's not incredibly important but here it is anyway, &quot;Tales of Topographic Oceans&quot; boasts the single greatest cover in the history of albums, period, end of story. You can stare at it for hours and find new bedevilments, and you don't even have to be high. An album cover, when it's not just a perfunctory photo of the band staring moodily into the camera, can be a powerful aphrodesiac and a clue, giving you a taste of what you're in for if you buy the album...and that is exactly what Roger Dean's absolutely magnificent cover painting does. You know what you're looking at...and yet you DON'T know what you're looking at, and that's exactly the sensation you feel listening to &quot;Tales&quot;.<BR>Okay: check this out. Trek back to the 1970's, when there were no such things as CDs, just vinyl albums with two sides, about 20 minutes each side. Throw on 5 or, if you're daring, 6 songs on each side, each track about 3 minutes long, and you're done. Blah blah blah. Then...along come bands like Yes and Genesis and King Crimson, encouraged by the likes of Dylan and the Beatles, and they say, &quot;To HELL with the accepted norm...and not just song length, not just song subject matter, not just instruments...but to hell with EVERYTHING you ever told us we could do. Why can't rock music fit onto a jazz platform? Why not a classical music platform? Why not try something different? Why not try EVERYTHING???&quot; So try they did, and those who must name every new thing called it Progressive Rock, and it was good. Then came the ultimate Prog Rock album, Yes's &quot;Tales of Topographic Oceans&quot;, a double album with just FOUR songs, each 20 minutes long, each filling one album side, the single ballsiest move in rock and roll since &quot;Sgt. Peppers&quot;...and it all came tumbling down. Prog Rock became as hated as disco would soon become, reviled for being snooty, snobbish, self-involved and navel-gazing, a waste of time, a big masturbatory frenzyof Brit whimps with too much time on their hands. And YOU know, it's always true, that those who look ahead and see past the inevitable political log-jamming make the best music, because that's what they're about, my friend, THE MUSIC; not the politics of the music. It's that simple. Each of these four epic songs rises and crests and washes through you and creates a multiplicity of emotions, and I can't tell you what you'll feel when you listen but you MUST LISTEN, because there are still frontiers to be found and conquered, and no one, no one at all since these guys, has had the piercing imagination and bloody-rare courage to venture into the territory of unknown the way they did. Listen and understand: music can be anything, can go anywhere, if you only have the will to follow your own crazy lead.
B00000IQW5|5.0|Now this I stumbled across at the library. I didn't expect much of it, there were only three reasons I got it. One: I really like flying. Two: it had Richard Dreyfuss in it, one of my favorite underrated actors, and Three: An appearance by the lovable Audrey Hepburn. After watching it, I knew I had to have it. You'll like it too. The acting is superb by some of the greatest actors of our time. A surprising movie that will definitely keep your interest soaring.<br />Fires are raging out of control in the forest. As one of the particapants of the containing of the fires, Pete (the likeable Richard Dreyfuss) is torn between his true loves, his tomboy girlfriend, Dorrinda (the beautiful Holly Hunter), and his career. His choices would be made too soon. When his friend Al (John Goodman, hilarious as ever) is in danger when his plane engine catches fire, Pete heads for the rescue, only to get killed himself.<br />Not aware that anything has happened to him, he meets up with a strange yet kind angel named Hap (Audrey Hepburn's last role) who tells him what really happens. Pete has one more duty to do before leaving Earth. Hap gives gim an assignment, six months after his death, of helping a rookie fire fighter pilot named Ted (Brad Johnson in his first movie) in the ways of getting the job. Things don't go too well for Ted, for it is obvious he has a lot of work to do after dumping red fire retardent all over Al. Things begin to go for Ted, but bad for Pete as he begins to fall in love with Dorrinda. Pete soon realizes that he has to help Ted with his blossoming relationship with Dorrinda, his firefighting carrer, and that it's not his time anymore, and that life must go on, for them anyway.<br />I loved the movie from the start and immediately purchased it. Some people may not like it, but it is their choice. I will Always love this movie, and I suggest it to anyone who needs a little drama, and laughter rolled together in a movie. 5 stars to a great Spielberg movie onceagain.
B000059H99|4.0|Watching this DVD with my family last night I was reminded how heartfelt and even tender this movie is compared to the other Rocky movies.  It seems like each one becomes a paler imitation of the first.  This movie spends a great deal of time setting up the relationship between Rocky and Adrian.  They learn to help each other learn to believe in themselves.<br />Unlike the other Rocky movies, which are all inferior to the original, the fight sequences are only at the beginning and end of the movie.  Most of the movie is spent establishing Rocky's character and developing his attachment to Adrian and their joint relationship with Adrian's brother, Paulie.  I still love the names for Rocky's two turtles, Cuff &amp; Link.<br />The acting in the movie is actually quite tender.  For example, when Paulie, Adrian, and Rocky are watching the press conference with Apollo Creed announcing the fight, the promoters treat Rocky as more of a joke than a contender.  Paulie points this out to Rocky, and Rocky says that \\"it don't bother me none\\".  Rocky wants to focus on his saying hi to Adrian on the TV.  However, as Rocky is leaving he and Adrian briefly discuss how she felt about hearing her name on TV.  He then asks her if she remembers him saying that what the promoters said didn't bother him.  She says she does.  He looks down the street and while barely moving his mouth says, \\"It did\\" and walks away.<br />Not Shakespeare, but quite human.<br />And the movie is filled with great lines from Burgess Meredith's creation of Mickey while he his training Rocky for this impossible fight in five weeks.  Mickey is another loser looking for his break - his one shot.  Everyone remembers Mickey from this movie.<br />This movie also launched Carl Weathers who does a fine job as Apollo Creed.<br />That it won the Oscar for best picture is a testament to the mood of the times, but even after all these years, it is a movie with impact.  It hardly meets our current expectations for an action flick, but I think that is a good thing.on flick, but I think that is a good thing.
B00005JL3A|5.0|Well, it was the only zombie film of 2002 but who cares? Okay, in a lab, a group of scientest are studying to do, well I forget. Anyway they fail, bcause in the middle of the process they drop there project and it turns them into the living dead a.k.a. zombies. A govrment group was sent to destroy the scienst, but when they get there all the scientest are all ready zombies. Cool plot huh? The main actress Milla Jovovich is really good( cute to). The film is never really slow and is entertaiting. Brought zombie film back to life, you can tell with 2003 Undead and 2004 Dawn of the Dead. Can't wait for the sequel.(P.S. If you want to get house of the dead because you liked this and it sounds sort of like this, don't)
B000003TAL|4.0|Daydream Nation tops off the perfect trilogy for Sonic Youth.<BR>Evol, Sister and Daydream Nation are the perfect night of introspection that leads into the daylight of being in the world. These albums move within each other and I find it difficult to separate them. They are my favorite Sonic Youth albums. Fuzzy, not quite songs, attacks on strings and drums, there is no real beginning or end to Daydream Nation. Sonic Youth is a noisy band, but noise in a good way where the dissonace is music, and it is a music felt more than it is a music heard. Daydream Nation with it's wonderful teenage riot and candle...stands as both a great song set and as an extended mood piece. All kudos to Moore and company for this creation. The three albums together represent a lesson in guitar beyond anything that followed for Sonic Youth (for me).<BR>Besides being part of a whole (evol, sister and daydream) that is both separate and conjoined to punk, the cult of Velvet Underground (will it ever stop? being worshipped?), and the beloved shoegazing and prog angst of Manchester and Oxford, Sonic Youth was able to align with greats such as Husker Du and Patti Smith Group (guitar great Lenny Kaye). Daydream Nation did more than have a sound, it had a reason to exist and that was as representation of the sleep our Reagan youth was in at the time. And really now, Daydream Nation was about a daydream nation. Will someone please record a disc that does something besides imitating earlier sounds? Daydream Nation and Sonic Youth gave a new sound, and that stands as mark enough of a great album.
B00000HZFH|4.0|Honestly, this is one of those records that defines music in a larger format than traditionally concieved.  While the individual tracks startilingly good they are even more impressive when strung into the nearly agressive, yet ambivilant format of Keep It Like A Secret.  At times the band seems too cool to care but their arrangements are far too rich and betray a love of large indie-symphonic sensabilities.<br />Despite my love of this record on the whole it also includes on of the greatest songs ever written.  &quot;Else&quot; is the best track 7 off any CD written in recent memory and represents of one of those songs that can truly define a period in your life.  It is a song that seems to write itself into the soundtrack of your own personal movie.  Other highlights include the wandering &quot;Time Trap&quot; and the thoughtfully biting &quot;Center of the Universe&quot;.
B00005JLR8|5.0|&quot;In America&quot;, starring Samantha Morton and Paddy Considine, is a great film that is sure to touch its audiences.  Director Jim Sheridan (&quot;My Left Foot&quot;) leads the cast and crew in creating this masterpiece.  Its unique plot of an Irish family who moves to the US is brilliant.  As the film continues, more storylines combine to one another, making this film more remarkable.  The physical and emotional surroundings offer more realisms than most other modern-day films.  The family's hardships are expressed wonderfully from the writing to the acting to the environmental backgrounds.  As the parents struggle more intensively to support the family, one of the daughters, Christy, begins expressing how wishmaking, prayer, and magic affect the family and her.  It especially becomes more heartfelt once the family introduces themselves to a neighbor, a lonely man dying of AIDS.  The storyline never stops surprising audiences.  <br />Samantha Morton (&quot;Sweet And Lowdown&quot;) and Djimon Hounsou (&quot;Amistad&quot;) are triumphant in their Oscar-nominated roles (Best Actress/ Best Supporting Actor).  Both offer great heartfelt presences through every scene, Morton as the struggling mother and Hounsou as the lonely neighbor friend.  The expressions give this film the added emotional value.  Paddy Considine's role as the family father, which was highly underrated, also plays a crutial part in the film's quality.  All other actors also offer perspective to the emotional and physical surroundings.<br />&quot;In America&quot; is sure to move its audiences.  It will surely continue pleasing audiences as it already has.
B000002RXS|5.0|No other Carmen is as enticing, as seductive and as brutally charming! Gedda sounds awesome, his diction is a role-model (Or should be) to other tenors! Love it, it's the best!
B0000BYM3K|4.0|This release is melodic. The three guitarists deliver tight and cohesive solos, and Bruce's voice is always awesome; it's more melodic and less edgy these days.  My criticism is that it lacks that punch that metal delivers.  The punch that comes from a solid pounding drumbeat.  The drums aren't as clear and present on this one the way they were on &quot;Brave New World&quot;, and that's the only reason I give this release 4 stars. Otherwise, it would be a 5.  It's not as aggressive drumming as &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot; or even their earlier releases, or maybe I just can't hear it because the production isn't there to highlight it.<br />Nevertheless, a great CD that every Maiden fan will enjoy and appreciate.
B000056JYC|5.0|in my opinion...even with the fact that it IS the best-selling live album of all time.  Any person that wants to sit back and relive a moment and time in history should put this one on to listen to the rock sounds of the mid-seventies.  No album better defines this genre than Frampton Comes Alive.  Peter Frampton - master guitar player, singer, and songwriter.  Nothing better than live music.  Put them together - ***** all the way.  Great roadtrip music or tripping music, either way you look at it!
B000002J09|3.0|Maybe the band just isn't to my liking[don't get me wrong, I listen to the more progressive side of old rock music a lot], maybe I don't &quot;get&quot; Black Dog or Rock'n'roll, or maybe most of the songs[practically all of the blues rockers] are just clicheed blues rock that even Deep Purple couldn't produce in their worst nightmare.<BR>The blues songs simply lack all innovation or intelligence, save for Page's soloing, but even that has been topped by unnumbered rockers, young and old[see Wishbone Ash or Quicksilver Messenger Service for further information].<BR>And yet the album deserves three stars? Why? Am I a closet Humble Pie fan? Have Ten Years After and Rory Gallagher bribed me in the name of lame blues rock? No.<BR>The folk side is just sparklingly good, it beats even Fairport Convention and the Pentangle. You all know and love the two great folk songs here. Ok. Let's move on, and for Leadbelly's sake, stop worshipping the second most overrated rock band ever[the first being the downright awful Guns n Roses]!
6304884419|5.0|A compelling insightful drama set in racially-charged New York City of the 1960s. Chock full of wisdom and insight, the powerful message swept along in riveting, tense tale of how making the wrong choices can be truly deadly. Robert Deniro and the youngster that plays his son create a real-life relationship and tug of war that is both fascinating and heartbreaking. Outstanding film that is a must-see for teenagers who think they have all the answers and essential viewing for parents whose uncompromising adherance to can lofty ideals can bring heartbreak to all those around them. Acting is excellent and the staging is superb. One of the top 100 best movies of the 1990s.
B0001IN07Q|1.0|This CD is great...if you like the who William Hung, American Idol thing.<br />Only difference between this guy and William Hung is there are more songs on Hung's CD.
B00005JL96|3.0|What a disappointment from Disney. The animation in this effort is nowhere near as spectacular as it could have been. With static backgrounds that sometimes look like they were drawn with crayons, this movie represents a low point in Disney animation, occasionally resembling a cheesy, medium budget weekend morning cartoon.<br />With the success of movies like Toy Story and Monsters Inc, it seems computer generated animation rules the roost these days. If only Disney others would go back to the drawing board and lavish the kind of care on their new projects that was evident for the likes of &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; and &quot;The Lion King&quot;!<br />My overall review: this half-hearted attempt is probably worth indulging if you have youngsters among the audience, but it holds very sparse appeal in general. I'd recommend Nemo instead if you want to have some real family fun.
B00012L786|5.0|Skip Mc Coy (Richard Widmark) is a person without colective importance; a rough pickpocket , a scroungy pretty gangster who sneeks a look into a woman's handbag, turns up some microfilm and finds himself dealing with communist agents.<br />This is a well made film, with a lot of issues. Moe (Thelma Ritter)overtakes this role as a street peddler who sells information.<br />A film which reveals as a few, the sordid and sinister underworld linked with the spy world which is blackmailed by a pedestrian thief.<br />Fuller's view is incisive, bitter and ironical. Nevetheless the film has unforgettable funny situations.<br />Thelma Ritter was a very talented actress and bowever, she never won an Academy Award ; but her shinning presence gives to the clever script that touch of class and outrageous fierce character; and of course don't forget adding the charismatical performance of Richard Widmark.<br />One of the most imaginative and powerful film noir made in any age.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|This series is the best!!!  I am a fourteen year-old girl and I have been watching Gilmore Girls with my mother since the very beginning.  This DVD includes additional scenes and all of the first great 21 episodes of Gilmore Girls.  My mom and I love Gilmore Girls and never miss an episode.  I would recommend this DVD for anyone who loves comedy, wit, and girl power!!! We can't wait to buy the second season. Go Rory &amp; Lorelai!
B0001Z53AQ|3.0|It seems that most of D12's fans are braindead (read the other reviews). SOme of the songs on this CD are pretty clever. Unfortunately, most of that has been lost on their illiterate fans. If I ever hear \\"Bitch\\" in a dance bar, I'm going to laugh my ass off. Everybody seems to really like \\"My Band\\". It's not that great of a song ... and it's not supposed to be. From the lyrics, it's meant to be a complete joke. They released it as a single because it would sell albums. People who \\"get it\\" will see the humour and look past the poppy beat. People who don't get it will buy the album because they actually like the song (for the wrong reasons).
0783226063|4.0|I'm not sure what people expect from David Lynch. This is another of his experiments and as such it is astounding. I have read the book and could not imagine anyone making it into a film. That Lynch made the attempt is to his credit. <br />Is it odd? yes, very<BR>Is it long? yes, very<BR>Are some of the characters annoying? oh yeah<BR>Does it pay homage to the integrity of the book? yes<BR>Will everyone like this? no<BR>Is there anything to see here? absolutely<br />Dune is a visual monument to cinematography and color. Lynch uses color the way Ansel Adams used black and white film in his photographs. It defines the character of the film. Each color of each costume, set, prop, scenery seems so purposely chosen. <br />I personally think Blue Velvet is Lynch's masterpiece. In that film, he took us on a tour of a small depraved world that lived as its own separate entity in the universe. With Dune, he shows us a universe that is actually a very small world. <br />I doubt this review will help anyone decide to buy the film. This is one of those things you buy because you already know it's what you want.
B00006RAKP|5.0|This CD is great especially for me who has really enjoyed EJ through the many years of his incredible career but never has been fanatical about him. I have gained great admoration for EJ since buying this CD for the great depth of his work over the 4 decades his career continues to span. Since the latest American Idol I have gained more respect for his talent, why? Well, when you hear someone else sing his songs you realize just how good he is.<br /> I highly recommend this CD so buy it you'll be glad you did. JB
B00008LDPV|5.0|This was a great concept film by the Wachowski Brothers. Textures and stories which bring you back into the world of The Matrix. However, like other reviewers, I feel that this movie and the first Matrix are far superior to the sequels, which glossed over major charater development could have been far more than what the finished product turned out to be. Sequel bashing complete. There is a lot of depth &amp; backgrounds that can be taken from this compilation of anime which should not be missed by any true fan of the series. Enter the Matrix again and enjoy...
B0001LJC2K|4.0|It's a surprisingly fullfilling record. Unlike most of the bands out there, the Muse have some real, obvious potential. Their live show is phenominal, they have a maturing, interesting guitarist, and they know how to rock without being A) Too agressive and not emotional or B) Being too soft. Underneath their recyled tones and unoringinal singing, there is a bleak possibility of creation. They really do have the ability to go places.<br />Now, to the bad side. It's hard to get over how much this album sounds like a wannabe Radiohead. The lead singer needs to find his own style, because Thom Yorke's has already been mastered. I have seen them both in concert, and I will say that, excluding the fact that Radiohead was in the same room as I was, the Muse show was more engaging. But they need to find a style of their own, that's really the bottom line here. While it's a delight to listen to, the album is no world-changing masterpiece. It's largely a conglomerant of some of rock's greatest bands in recent memory (Radiohead, Smashing Pumpkins, Nirvana, Pearl Jam, etc.) squished into one. Not bad by any means, but I find it difficult to listen to without saying to myself: &quot;Haven't I heard this somewhere before?&quot;<br />In short, it's a good record and worth buying, to support rock music if nothing else. If they get it together and bring their hidden virtuosity to the forefront, they could become big, not to mention, a great band. But right now, they aren't there yet. They have to let go of what has already been done and focus on what they can do to expand their music. It's not an easy task. That's why I'm sitting at my computer, and you are sitting at yours. I have a feeling that, maybe not their next album, but the one following that, will be a record that could change rock n' roll. And maybe get rid of all this crap in the music world. Long live rock and roll, and hopefully, the Muse.
0805209999|4.0|The Trial is about Josef K., a man who's been charged with a crime, and yet, never been told what it was. He soon realizes he's not fighting a regular court system. The system in which he's involved permits no escaping, there are no aquittles... they are things of legends. The courts system entraps the young man, he realizes there is no escaping, he goes calmly to his execution still not knowing his crime, but being sure this obstacle, this monolith &quot;they&quot; call law is most unjust.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is Joseph Heller's satire that pokes fun at the military. In it, the army has absolute power, dictating the lives and fates of the men in its power. The military constantly increases the required missions for the men. Colonel Cathcart, the person who raises the mission requirement, is risking the lives of his men in order to impress his superior officers. This reflects the futility of their situation. The reason they risk their lives is not to help the country. Instead, they fight for the greed and ambitions of one man.<br />The main character, Yossarian, is constantly afraid that he is going to die. People think he is insane, but the fact that he wants to leave and survive makes him possibly the sanest person there. Each chapter in the novel centers around another character in the military (though, with few exceptions, everything leads back to Yossarian and his plight). From Major Major Major's issues with his name to Colonel Scheisskopf's fixation with parades, these characters and their situations are very interesting and amusing.<br />While hilarious and amusing, Catch-22 does have a deeper meaning. It talks of the futility of war and the powerlessness that men can have against bureaucracies such as the military. Yossarian's reflections on life and morality in the midst of chaos are surprisingly deep.
B0001ENYKS|1.0|I've just heard this album and it's just bad Josef K. Josef K were a better band by miles.
B00006RAKP|4.0|Every time I hear a new EJ hits collection is about to hit stores (in other words, about 2 or 3 times a year), I hope against hope that the compilers will see fit to make room for certain songs that...aren't here either.<br />I'm pretty sure I have EVERYTHING our pop-god has ever issued, so please don't think I'm dissing any/many of the 34 hits here (or the 4 on the limited-edition bonus disc).  <br />Here's where many Elton John fans and I reach a fork in the road and part ways.  The typical review of EJ's career goes something like this:  on top of the world until 1976 or so, when Elton \\"burned out,\\" \\"retired\\" from touring for a couple of years, told Rolling Stone he was bisexual, and experimented with drugs (really shocking for a rock superstar in the late Seventies).  Because of all that, the ensuing 28-and-counting years are barely tolerable but for the occasional single that \\"reminds us\\" that Elton can still amaze us when he \\"finds his muse\\" or whatever.  To me, Elton's nearly 40 Top 40 hits AFTER 1976's \\"Don't Go Breaking My Heart\\" include plenty of overlooked gems that keep slipping through the cracks, and that the quality of the bespectacled icon's (Look. I can't keep saying \\"Elton\\" all the time) music has remained much higher than he gets props for.  <br />By skipping 1977-1979 completely, fans don't get to hear:<br />The remarkable \\"Ego,\\" which remains available on CD only via the \\"To Be Continued...\\" box set.  Although it only reached #34, it rocks.  More specifically it glam-rocks, the way only Elton, David Bowie, and Queen (OK, and the Sweet) can.  Great melody and lyrics.<br />\\"Mama Can't Buy You Love.\\"  Produced by Thom Bell (Spinners, O'Jays, many others), this soaring, midtempo record reached #9 pop and even crossed over to the R&B Top 40.  Which pleased EJ very much, as I recall.  From the same sessions came \\"Are You Ready For Love,\\" which caught on in British dance clubs last year and recently reached #1 on the U.K. pop chart.  Here, as with thereleases from \\"Songs From the West Coast,\\" U.S. radio did nothing and the single died quietly.  AARGH.<br />\\"Part Time Love,\\" from the 1978 album \\"A Single Man.\\"  Proving that you can't go wrong with blistering, uptempo songs about mutually-cheating couples.<br />1979's \\"Victim Of Love,\\" unavailable on CD in its single edit form, is the title track, and only song worth salvaging, from what is universally considered Elton's worst album ever.  That Elton did a disco album wasn't the problem; that it was boring, unfun, and at times just stupid was.  This song, however, kicks down the barn door as Elton mocks himself for having trusted someone who obviously screwed him over.  And not in a good way.  This would have sounded fine following \\"Don't Go Breaking My Heart.\\"  Sigh.<br />Although I'm not sure there would be room for it, another rock-disco hit worth hearing is \\"Bite Your Lip.\\"  The long version is on \\"Blue Moves,\\" which you know you're never going to get around to buying anyway.  You haven't even sprung for \\"Tumbleweed Connection\\" yet, have you?  Just as I suspected.<br />Moving into the '80's, how could the compilers leave off the John Lennon tribute \\"Empty Garden\\"?  Elton (through lyricist  Bernie Taupin) pulls the nifty trick of insulting Lennon's murderer without even using the bastard's name:  \\"It's funny how one insect can damage so much grain.\\"  The other big hit from 1982's \\"Jump Up!\\", the classic ballad \\"Blue Eyes,\\" is also excluded (though not in the British version).<br />The U.K. also found room for one of my favorite of EJ's harder-rocking songs from the '80's:  \\"Kiss the Bride,\\" from 1983, the year when Elton actually did just that.  Elton told David Frost that friends reacted to news of his marriage by saying, \\"we're glad you're still standing, dear; we're on the floor!\\"<br />Although \\"Sacrifice\\" is included from 1989's \\"Sleeping With the Past,\\" \\"Healing Hands\\" is not.  I much preferred the latter, an inspirational and unique record free of the Adult Contemporary production gloss of so many of the 1990's hits.<br />The Princess Di version of \\"Candle in the Wind\\" deserves to be here more than the \\"Yellow Brick Road\\" version actually included, as it is the biggest-selling single of all-time, by anyone.<br />Of all Elton's many fine songs in the '90's, my favorite is probably \\"Believe.\\"  When that came over the radio with the guitar riffs, tense vocals, and the dramatic baDUM baDUM baa..I know a pop home run when I hear one.  \\"Love is simple, hate breeds--those who think difference is the child of disease.\\"  Fine lyrical return to form for Mr. Taupin, who not that long before subjected the pop world to Starship's \\"We Built This City.\\"   <br />I was surprised to see these 3 omissions from the critically-approved \\"peak period\\" as well:  \\"Lucy In the Sky With Diamonds\\"!--the first remake of a Beatles song to hit #1 and Elton's 3rd chart topper!  The awesome \\"Border Song,\\" which made the first Greatest Hits album waaay back when--holy Moses!  And EJ's (Captain?) fantastic version of The Who's \\"Pinball Wizard\\", which for many was the only worthwhile part of the movie version of \\"Tommy.\\"  (I wonder if \\"Tiny Dancer\\" would have made the cut if not for the great tour bus scene in \\"Almost Famous\\"?)<br />You might think, OK Sophie, which of these babies could you leave behind?  As stated earlier, I'd have taken off the '73 version of \\"Candle\\" because the '97 version was such an ubersmash, and everyone needs to own the GYBR disc anyway.  On the other hand, I'd consider dropping...maybe...the #1 hit \\"Island Girl.\\"  It's great musically but I've always found the lyrics racist.  (The titular black girl is questioned about \\"what she wantin' wit de white man's world,\\" which apparently is not the same world as hers.  Then, her sexual proclivities are compared to a \\"well-worn\\" tyre.  How do tyres wrap themselves around you, how is the phenomenon more enjoyable when said tyre is \\"well-worn\\", and who the hell spells \\"tire\\" with a y?)  Easier to part with are \\"Blessed\\" and the LeAnn Rimes duet from \\"Aida\\", both nearly embalmed by the aforementioned Adult Contemporary production gloss.  Finally, I would not have gone two-deep on either \\"The Lion King\\" or the recent \\"Songs From the West Coast.\\"  As for \\"Circle of Death\\", er, life, I've never been able to reconcile pop music with Darwinist theory.  This ditty makes me think of a bug eaten by a frog killed by a snake subsequently snatched up in a hawk's talons...feh.  And don't tell me that's life.  We're talking about can I hum this in the car; no, I can't feel the love tonight thanks much.  As for \\"West Coast,\\" I'd keep \\"I Want Love\\" in a close call over \\"This Train...\\".  Of course, putting more than 4 tracks on the bonus disc would have helped, too.  (By the way, the four were the George Michael duet version of \\"Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me,\\" the Live In Australia version of...yes, again...\\"Candle,\\" a duet with Luciano Pavarotti originally on the \\"Big Picture\\" CD, and a 2002 version of \\"Your Song\\" with Alessandro Safina.) <br />As it is, the choices are well-made and will satisfy the casual fan who wants the early stuff and a decent sampling of the \\"later\\" (post-1976) songs most critics feel hold up best against the classics.  Extra perks are the booklet's essay by Paul Gambaccini and the many entertaining photos of Elton and various musical collaborators over the years.<br />I know, enough already.  But imagine; what if I'd mentioned \\"Friends\\", \\"Grow Some Funk of Your Own\\", \\"Chloe\\", \\"Who Wears These Shoes\\", \\"In Neon\\", \\"Wrap Her Up\\", \\"Act of War\\" (fast, loud, and out of control; Millie Jackson and Elton blast away at each other like two human blow torches.  (Fierce!), \\"Flames of Paradise\\", \\"A Word In Spanish\\", \\"Club At the End of the Street\\", \\"The Last Song\\", \\"Simple Life\\", \\"You Gotta Love Someone\\", or \\"Teardrops\\" (either the k.d. lang or Lulu versions)!  Whew!
B000002UB6|3.0|This album has been one of the most hotly debated in the Beatles catalogue.  It contains some great songs, however, I like many have my beefs with the production.  The versions of &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot;, &quot;Let it Be&quot; and to a lesser extent, &quot;Across the Universe&quot; are disgraceful.  These are all great songs, which is apparrent when you listen to the Naked version.  That being said, the live version of &quot;Get Back&quot; on this album is nearly perfect.  It contains many fine songs such as &quot;Two of Us&quot;, and &quot;I've Got a Feeling&quot;, but it lacks the flow that was on albums such as &quot;Sergeant Pepper&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.  The Beatles are great, but for casual fans I recommend the remastered &quot;Naked&quot; edition over this Spectorized version.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Britney's album in the zone is an amazing cd. Its far diffrent from the days of opps i did it again. With a wider range of songs and a more mature voice this cd is amesome. The best songs are 1.,3,4,5,6,10,11. She even cowrote 7 out of the 13 songs on her album. Buy this album its the best.
1400034779|3.0|I found this book enchanting. Mma Ramotswe is both likable and hilarious as the lead character running her own detective agency in Botswana. She encounters many interesting sorts and solves their mysteries along the way. <br />Alexander McCall writes with an easy style that encourages his readers to read a little longer. His chapters could easily be a short story within themselves. I was so wrapped up in his book that I read it in two days and am currently on to the next in his series about Mma Ramotswe. I see a movie in the future!!
1582432678|5.0|This book is riveting and will haunt you for days, maybe weeks after you read it.  It upset me for one big reason: I blamed the mother, Eva.  After a very long period of intellectualizing, Eva gives birth to a son, &quot;feels nothing&quot;, and from moment one of his life attaches meanings to his behaviors that may or may not be accurate.  She interprets his reluctance to nurse as repulsion and distaste for her, but we all know: babies don't always nurse well the first try.  As time goes by, Eva can only be described as profoundly cold, a robotic mother, shockingly self-absorbed, contemptuous, and superior.  However, she is very bright and verbal.  Her very intelligent child probably intuited early on that to be a normal child would only earn his mother's scorn and contempt.  I think he somehow chose to beat her at her own game in order to win her acceptance.  Yes, this kid goes bad (really bad), and yes, Eva sees right through him.  But I started to get the feeling &quot;it takes one to know one.&quot;  In the face of a troubled child and an endangered marriage, Eva chooses to lie to her husband (for an entire year) and conceives a second child, a little experiment in which she hopes to learn something about HERSELF.  This child fares no better with Eva for a mother.  Sweet and trusting, she is described as clingy and stupid.  Eva predicts for Celia a lifetime as a doormat.  What kind of mother assumes the worst for her kids?!  When Celia meets her inevitable fate (and here the books goes into Stephen King territory), her mother walks right by her (&quot;Celia could wait&quot;) and goes to search for her &quot;beloved&quot; husband.  At the end, Eva gives up her fight and becomes &quot;present&quot; to her son.  The price paid by others is too damned high.
6300215717|5.0|This was Audrey Hepburn's debut in a starring role.  She was 24-years-old  and had appeared in two or three other movies but just in bit parts.  Here she plays a reigning European princess visiting Rome who would like an escape from her daily regime of official duties, thus the title and theme of the movie, a Roman holiday.<br />Gregory Peck plays an American newspaper reporter living in the Eternal City.  We first see him playing poker with his cronies, and losing.  His relative &quot;poverty&quot; and Princess Ann's fabulous wealth and station present a formidable barrier to their ever finding true love and marital happiness.  Part of the fun of the script is in seeing how this will play out and how their differences are resolved in the end.  I will give you a small hint: very carefully!<br />The script comes from a story by Dalton Trumbo who is perhaps best known as the author of the anti-war  novel, Johnny Got His Gun.  Trumbo was one of the &quot;Hollywood Ten&quot; who were blacklisted from working in the industry during the excesses of the McCarthy era.  He went to Mexico and continued working on film scripts but under assumed names or had his scripts presented by &quot;fronts.&quot;  In this case Ian McLellan Hunter fronted for Trumbo and won an Academy Award for the story.  Later the Academy awarded Trumbo a posthumous Oscar for his work.<br />Long time Hollywood studio director William Wyler directed the film entirely on location in Rome.  He has a formidable list of credits going well back into the silent film era including such outstanding films as Wuthering Heights (1939), The Letter (1940), The Little Foxes (1941), etc.  His clear directorial style and his attention to detail work well here.  The sets in Rome are charming, especially Peck's bachelor apartment.  The bit players, especially Peck's landlord are excellent and the events are dreamy in just the way a romantic meeting in Rome ought to be.  Wyler is especially effective in presenting Audrey Hepburn in the most flattering light and getting the audience to identify with her.<br />Gregory Peck's character should be a bit of an adventurous rake who finds that love is more important than money or fame, but it is impossible for Peck to play a morally compromised character, and so even as he appears to be using Princess Ann for his own ends, his behavior is always correct.  I was somewhat amused to notice that at all times Peck appears wearing a tie!  Eddie Albert plays Peck's friend, a photographer/artist.  It is interesting to note how Hollywood's perception of the paparazzi has changed over the years.  Here blood-sucking, intrusive greed does not exist.  Instead we have noble self-sacrifice!<br />I have seen most of Miss Hepburn's movies and I can say that she was never more enchanting than she is here.  She is gorgeous and cute at the same time, charming and impish, sweet, regal and very winning.  In a sense she started at the top with this film, garnering her only Oscar as Best Actress in 1953; but as her fans know she never came down off that pedestal.  Even playing poor Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady (1964), there was never any doubt about the quality of her style and character.<br />This is the most romantic film I have ever seen, perhaps partly because Miss Hepburn is so wonderful, but also because the script in a sense turns the usual woman's romantic fantasy upside down.  Instead of the woman finding that the man she is in love with has fabulous wealth and position, it is the other way around!<br />The ending manages to be realistic yet romantic.  There is a hint of something almost spiritual beyond what happens.  So convincing are Hepburn and Peck that one can almost believe the story is true; and indeed I am sure that Trumbo lifted the essentials of the plot from some ancient tale.<br />I have a weakness for movies about unrequited love, or love that goes on forever, or love that is caught at some perfect moment and lives eternally in that moment.Roman Holiday is one of those near perfect movies that plays beautifully upon one of these themes.Roman Holiday is one of those near perfect movies that plays beautifully upon one of these themes.
B00008PW2D|1.0|I've bought all of the other seasons, and although I did love season 5 (even though it was so short), I REFUSE to pay the same price for 8 episodes as I did for 18. It just doesn't make sense. I saw one store where season 4 was actually CHEAPER than season 5. The logic bewilders me.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This movie, in my opinion, is a pathetic excuse for a film. I literally was forcing myself to watch it, thinking something would surprise me at the end, but I realized I wasted my time. I actually do not understand how any human being could actually write a story about this. The plot is basically based on nothing. Well, how two strangers meet each other in Tokyo and they are bored together. Great. Where's the twist? Where's the actual plot? There is none. They just drag themselves around bars and parties being bored out of their minds. <br />One thing I really do NOT understand, is why the majority went crazy over this movie and believed it to be a masterpice. I personally, do not find it interesting to watch a middle aged man being followed by a camera in Tokyo, and him being bored the whole time. Where is the satisfaction? <br />Overall, I wouldn't advise anyone to rent this, let alone buy this. A total waste of time.
B0001Z363W|5.0|Ive been listening to Zakk for years now...with Ozzy and with <BR>his own band Black Label Society. And everytime he puts something out it seems fresh and honest and amazing. I was a bit short of cash when Hangover came out but I picked it up today...and let me tell you...it is something to behold...like finding a dusty jewel in a closet. This is a cd that will be listened to 20 years down the line....i read alot of bad reviews...about the music not being HEAVY...well about 6 months ago I read that he was gonna put out a slower more mellow cd so I knew what I was buying ....this is hangover music to the core...I put the cd in when I got home and my girlfriend and I <BR>listened to it...and my jaw dropped...this is something right out of the 70s ...Allman Brothers...Eric Clapton...but done in a twisted dark Black Label way....and for those that say Zakk doesnt sing that well.....let me tell you, his deep growling vocal style grows on...the whole cd drfts in and out of pain and loneliness...Im not gonna give you a song list of any kind<BR>im just writing this to help others find some light in a world of dark music. It reminds me of slower Alice in Chains,,,Mark Laneagans solo stuff away from the Screaming Trees...but mostly it reminds me of 70s rock...very classic ...this is the best cd Ive bought in years....long live BLS!
B0000AI44Q|5.0|First off this isn't my favorite Neil Young album. I like Everybody Knows this is Nowhere, Tonight's The Night, On The Beach, Harvest, etc. What blows me away about this album is how good and relevant the artist is to this day. The songs retain that classic Neil Young sound that you can hear on just about all of his albums. Out of all the artists still around to this day that were so prominent in the 60's I'd have to say Neil is about the only one that still can really speak to a new audience in a relevant manner. Think about it: Mick Jagger tries to be a sex symbol even though he's over the hill, Bob Dylan does Victoria Secret commercials, Eric Clapton plays really watered down covers of black artists and gears them towards popular audiences, Pete Townshend researches child porn and Paul McCartney is cheasier than ever. To me Neil Young stands out. With this album you get a bonus DVD of a solo acoustic concert in Ireland. On this disk Neil tells a story about an imaginary town where there is a fight to save the earth and to bring peace. It's a simple but brilliant concept told through the voices of many of Neil Young's characters. This album has a lot of soul, and I highly recommend it. The dvd alone is worth the price of admission.
6300215512|5.0|Gloria Swanson, William Holden and Erich von Stroheim are all stellar in their performances in Billy Wilder's superb microcosm of a decadent Hollywood, &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot;.<br />A svelte and handsome Holden playing young, financially strapped screenwriter Joe Gillis accidently stumbles onto the palatial estate of aging silent film siren Norma Desmond.  The reclusive, suicidal and delusional Desmond played hauntingly by Gloria Swanson, has been out of pictures for twenty years. She has absurd desires to attempt a comeback using a script she has written as the vehicle.<br />Her fantasies are nurtured by her faithful and protective  manservant Max played stoically by von Stroheim.<br />Swanson convinces Holden to work on refining her script and he ultimately becomes the kept man of the fading movie goddess.  Eventually he tires of his ensnarement and secretly leaves the estate to co-write a script with young screenplay reader Nancy Olson.  They fall in love but Holden is unable to leave the jealous Desmond resulting in his downfall.<br />What a treat it was to finally see this flick which embarrassingly has eluded me until now.  It was a true cinema classic.  Swanson was absolutely unforgetable.
B00008WT5E|5.0|Albums like LET THERE BE ROCK, HIGHWAY TO HELL, and BACK IN BLACK have long overshadowed POWERAGE in terms of overall sales and popularity. However, song-for-song, POWERAGE is the strongest collection, in my opinion.<br />WHY? <br />Well, to begin with, LET THERE BE ROCK, may contain more well known classics, such as &quot;Problem Child&quot;, &quot;Rosie&quot;, and the title track. But, it also contains more forgettable material like &quot;Go Down&quot; and &quot;Badboy Boogie&quot;. On the other hand, there simply isn't a weak cut on POWERAGE. Plus, the production is better.<br />HIGHWAY TO HELL and BACK IN BLACK are classics, no doubt about it. However, I feel that Mutt Lange seriously robbed the band of its power with his slick production techniques. Compare HIGHWAY TO HELL to POWERAGE and the songs are about as equally good. But, POWERAGE, while well-engineered, has a rawness and intensity to it that Lange's pop-friendly production does not. HIGHWAY may be easier to digest, but POWERAGE is tougher and more unrelenting.<br />BACK IN BLACK is automatically docked points in my book because Bon isn't on it. I mean no disrespect to Brian Johnson, but Bon was the definitive AC/DC frontman, hands-down. And, again, I think Lange drained much of the intensity out of some excellent songs in order to achieve a sound that was more easily accepted by the masses. I know, alot of AC/DC fans will argue that BIB sounds &quot;HUGE&quot;. Granted, it's very well engineered and produced, but, to me, it sounds way too glossy. This sound may work well for Def Leppard, but it just neuters AC/DC's sound. I think that Young and Vanda had a better understanding of how AC/DC should sound on record.<br />So, there you go. Take or leave this review, but don't skip POWERAGE.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Is Firefly the best TV show ever made?<P>Yes it is.<P>You need to buy it!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|This is Britney's best album. I like every song of it except for shadow. Britney is a very talented artist, who gives briljant showssss!!!!!! Love To Madonna
B00004VXF2|3.0|This album is going to attract many people as it will repel. You're not going to find anything that will have people praising highly or those spitting venomous bile.<br />Whether or not you can call this art, I don't know but at least and those who call it a joke are not too far off the mark. It's Lou Reed's idea of fun. And fun it may be for him but it takes a masochist to enjoy this. Listen to whatever side you want or even the full album if needs must. <br />But surprisingly this album actually has proved an inspiration for a generation of artists. You listen to Throbbing Gristle, SPK, Einsturzende Neubauten in their early years and you'll find pieces of MMM in their music ( or noise if you prefer to call it that way ). If you listen to Sonic Youth's Bad Moon Rising there's a part in the album where they play a 5 second snippet forwards and backwards. And of course there is the prima Japanese artists such as Merzbow who is much more harsher than this. If you Metal Machine Music is noise, just listen to Merzbow - THAT'S NOISE. I can only stomach one CD of Merzbow and that's similar in style to this one<br />Oh and by the way - if you've listened to the samples on Amazon it's pretty much like that all the way. Like it and want the album? Go ahead and buy it if you want. Feel the urge to kill Lou after hearing those samples? Try Coney Island Girl, that'll be more normal I reckon
078681859X|4.0|I enjoyed this book and would actually give it 4 1/2 stars.  In the beginning, I felt it ranked as high as Harry Potter.  In the end, perhaps less so.<br />To me, these are the book's strengths:<BR>1.  Original setting in a modern-day London with magicians ruling the country.<BR>2.  Fun character in Bartimaeus and the other spirits.<BR>3.  Interesting setup between Nathaniel and Lovelace.  Interesting relationship between Nathaniel and Bartimaeus.<BR>4.  Good writing.  Funny asides by Bartimaeus.  Vivid and dramatic scenes.<br />And the weaknesses:<BR>1.  Bad magicians with no complexity or redeeming qualities.  Too one-dimensional sometimes.<BR>2.  A little schizophrenia on the part of Nathaniel and Bartimaeus.  One minute, they're cold and heartless.  The next, they're having a crisis of conscience and/or crying.  Bartimaeus is supposed to be a rather scary entity, but sometimes he's just pretty darn sweet.<BR>3.  Nathaniel gets lucky too often, especially at the end.  Basically, he wins through the incompetence of everyone else.  Sometimes, he doesn't deserve to win due to his pig-headedness and lack of common sense.<br />Having said that, though, it was a fun read that was hard to put down.  I would recommend it (and already have to several people) and plan to read the other books in the series.
B00005JMSE|4.0|\\"Hellboy\\" is not as well-known as other superheros. Others like \\"Spider-man\\", and \\"Daredevil,\\" and \\"Hulk.\\" That does not stop it from being a good movie. In fact, it was better then \\"Daredevil\\" and \\"Hulk,\\" and I am not that big on super-hero movies. The best part about \\"Hellboy\\" is that it has it all. It has thrills, action, dark humor, and even a love triangle that could have been developed more. That was a big downfall. Hellboy is a giant, red mutant that was trained by the humans to kill evil. He has two large horns growing out of his head that he files down when they grow long so that he could fit it. He looks like a monster, but like in \\"Shrek\\" he is just misunderstood. He saves many lives, and is famous in the movie. He has his own comic books, and is a figure among many children, just like in real life. \\"Hellboy\\" is a little over two hours long, but the time goes by very quickly. It's almost as if your not even watching the movie, it goes by so fast.<br />The movie begins in 1944, and Grigori Rasputin, Ilsa, and Kroenen, are three Germans who want to open a protal into the supernatural world. The reason? So that they could help the Nazis win World War II. They are almost finished with the job, when people kill Rasputin, and shut the portal. That does not stop a small red creature with horns to pass through. He is found by Professor Bruttenholm, and raised as his son, naming him Hellboy. Years later, Hellboy and the professor live in the Bureau of Paranormal Research and Defense, along with many other mutants, including Abe Sapien, who is a psychic fish, and Liz Sherman, who has both the power to start fire, and to win Hellboy's heart. Hellboy is angry when he meets FBI man John Myers, to be his keeper. A problem starts when Myers becomes attracted to Liz, and an even bigger problem starts when it becomes clear that Ilsa and Kroenen are trying to bring the dead Rasputin back to life. It is up to Hellboy to bring peace, and stop the two before everything goes wrong.<br />The laughs in \\"Hellboy\\" come from the relationship of Myers and Liz. There is one scene where Hellboy is watching the two on kind of a date. They are sitting on a park bench, and Hellboy is watching, his comments making everybody laugh. The action is non-stop. This movie could appeal to everybody, and not only to hardcore super-hero fans or even hardcore Hellboy fans. It has something to please everybody, and that is why it is a good film.<br />The way \\"Hellboy\\" is shot is very dark. Even the scenes in a lighted room still have that dark feeling. It provides alot of the mood of the movie. The musical score also fits perfect with the scenes that accompany it. I hope they make a Hellboy 2, because the way this movie was, it could have a sequal. A new orignal idea would be perfect to continie the Hellboy seris.<br />ENJOY!<br />Rated PG-13 for sci-fi action violence and frightening images.wrong.<br />The laughs in \\"Hellboy\\" come from the relationship of Myers and Liz. There is one scene where Hellboy is watching the two on kind of a date. They are sitting on a park bench, and Hellboy is watching, his comments making everybody laugh. The action is non-stop. This movie could appeal to everybody, and not only to hardcore super-hero fans or even hardcore Hellboy fans. It has something to please everybody, and that is why it is a good film. <br />The way \\"Hellboy\\" is shot is very dark. Even the scenes in a lighted room still have that dark feeling. It provides alot of the mood of the movie. The musical score also fits perfect with the scenes that accompany it. I hope they make a Hellboy 2, because the way this movie was, it could have a sequal. A new orignal idea would be perfect to continie the Hellboy seris. <br />ENJOY!<br />Rated PG-13 for sci-fi action violence and frightening images.
0316548189|4.0|This book kept me in prison for a long time.  It really bogs down in the middle and then hurries to wrap up.  It's a much more &quot;satifying&quot; read in the first 1/3 of the book.
0385484518|5.0|Wonderful, heart-warming true story! Inspiring and motivating! I would highly recommend this book to anyone, especially those who are in the process of losing a loved one... Two Thumbs Way Up!
B00000AFGM|5.0|everything eventually comes back around and I was so happy to see manson spearheading the return of glamrock. his image change<br />was very welcomed by me and was just so damn cool. i loved his<br />stylized image and the music reflecting same. His nods to bowie<br />and bolan are perfect. He could easily have built on this for<br />awhile. so sorry he deferred to his original fan base by revert<br />ing to his &quot;go satan&quot; image, producing sounds that reflect more<br />of his past efforts than giving us anything new/fresh. I recall<br />reading robert hilburn's(of the L.A. Times)reveiw of this cd<br />and how much he realised that manson can really sing. In my op<br />inion he shoulda paid attention. My faves tunes here are 1, 2, 3,5,6, and the last 3. if i had to choose one it would be the<br />title song. Manson please recreate your image again and give<br />us more like this.
0688145078|5.0|We bought this book to help my son get ready for his little sister's arrival. It has simple text and really highlights on the differences in big kids vs babies. Gets him excited about the big kid things he already gets to do without wanting to regress. I also liked the way the book touches on the nurturing side of the big brother and the parents towards both children. The pages are a little thicker if you have a toddler prone to ripping pages, mine hasn't yet. They are holding up well. A great book that is asked for atleast twice a day by my son! I recommend it.
B00005JMEW|5.0|If you like fake violence this is the film for you . Most of the film is in Tokyo ( Actually in night club in Tokyo)were Uma Turma kills about ninety Yakuza with a Katana . Unfortunately the coreography is chinese not japanese. So some of the movements are absurd. What I mean is that it is diffilcult to fight 90 Yakuza. With the tipe of fencing show it is impossible. It if you think it is impossible in any case then remember termophiles were a handfull of greeks beat a enourmous army of persians.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Following the longest break between her albums (at the time, anyway), the pressure was on for Britney Spears in 2003 to deliver the goods with \\"In the Zone\\". It's the ever-important album designed to catapult a teen star such as Spears from pubescent goddess to adult artist, and in typical new millennium fashion she arms her mission to maturity with slick urban/hip-hop beats and increased raunchiness. Christina Aguilera accomplished this (to a certain, if debatable, degree of success) a year before, and Madonna has been in on the act for decades. Naturally, much of the record comes off calculated, but there's little room to deny that it's her edgiest offering yet. Surrounded by sonic pleasures like Asian-influenced club jams and throbbing electro cuts, her vocals remain her weakness, and lyrics detailing her partying and sexing become rather tiresome. And it wouldn't be a Spears album without moments where it bottoms out- lead single \\"Me Against the Music\\" is a particularly weak spot, no matter how it may showcase her newfound flair for edgy pop, and ballads are still a territory she ought to avoid altogether. Still, the top 10 smash \\"Toxic\\" is an exhilirating rush of tour-de-force pop, and the brash gusto of \\"Outrageous\\" is impossible to resist. \\"Breathe On Me\\", giving a wink to Kylie Minogue's breathy dance grooves, is another steamy delight on an otherwise spotty, if not entertaining album.
044651652X|2.0|I stayed with this sappy book.... but it really was a loser.  The family book discussion lasted only about 20 minutes.
B0000YEEHG|1.0|Can a studio present a movie any way they please after they've bought the rights for it? Apparently so. I saw Bergman's masterpiece Persona at the movies a very long time ago. Over the decades I have remembered it as shocking and terrifying, yet appealing and beautiful. I got excited when I learned of its released on DVD. Now I've watched MGM's life-less and cropped presentation of it, and associate the movie with dullness and disappointment. Bergman is a master who MGM do not respect. Tartan's release (region 0!!) of the film is supposed to be much better, but with less extras (doesn't matter to me, I just want the movie). I'm waiting for my copy to arrive :)
B00006879E|5.0|I remember first seeing Maroon5 being spotlighted as an Inside Track artist on VH1 when \\"Harder to Breathe\\" was out. After that they released \\"This Love\\", and I really didn't pay attention to either song at first, but then I kept listening to them and now I really enjoy them. And the rest of their album, Songs About Jane, is worth every minute of your time.<br />Right now, though, I'd just like to say that all these one-star reviews that are calling them a boy band couldn't be more inaccurate, and I've also noticed that those reviewers have kept themselves anonymous (don't have the balls to say who you are, hmmm?). And the person that said this is like AIDS to music? WHAT? But anyway, this is a truly memorable album. Standouts include...well, everything, but to name a few, \\"Shiver\\" and \\"Sweetest Goodbye\\".<br />The subject of sex is also covered well on here, as showcased on songs like \\"This Love\\" and \\"Tangled\\". There is a another song that covers that topic in a subtle way, \\"Secret\\", and that song, like \\"Not Coming Home\\", may not look like much when you read the lyrics first, but it's all in the way of how the words are said. And those that told you \\"She Will Be Loved\\" is a great song definitely weren't kidding, but even better than that song is my personal favorite, \\"Sunday Morning\\". Right after I played that song, I had to rewind it.<br />What is it that makes Songs About Jane so great, you ask? Could it be Adam Levine's great vocals? Could it be the introspective lyrics? Could it be the outstanding musicianship of the band as a whole? Or could it be Matt Wallace's tight production? Actually, it's all of the above. If you buy this album, it'll be worth every cent. It's not too late to do that.<br />Anthony Rupert
0380002930|5.0|I let my nine year old daughter read this book against all of my friends' advice.  I believe this story represents life without the color lens glasses that we often want our children to wear.  My daughter came to know the harsh realities of life very early in her life when she lost her father four years ago.  She understands that death is part of life. She knows that you need to persevere and follow your dreams never give up even when you stumble you must get up and continue.  Watership Down has enforced her believes. I am very happy good material as this exists.  Thank you very much, Richard Adams.   A proud mom.
0375703861|4.0|This book is must read for any desi, african american, muslim, arab etc. minority. it's funny,insightful and tackles the awkwardness minorities encounter while trying to assimilate themselves into the English or American culture. I love the humorous situations that the characters find themselves in. and the worst part is knowing that i'm all too familiar with them! <BR>I didn't understand the ending, but after a bit of thinking, i may have grasped it.
1558216847|4.0|amazing..... but the book was a long hike in the middle.... probably like the journey tho!
0151008116|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read. I absolutely could not put it down until I knew how Pi's story ended. This is an amazing book. About religion, devotion, perspective, faith, and life. Life is what you make it. The twist at the end of the story is both breath-taking and thought-provoking. Do not missed the opportunity to experience this book.
B0002Z0EYK|2.0|I had so looked forward to this movie, and I came out of the theater completely disappointed. It was a travesty what they did to the classic. The good - good cast and excellent acting from key characters. Eric Bana stole the show as Hector who's a brave and wise prince as well as a fierce warrior but longs for peace and simple life with his family. Peter O'Toole as King Priam who through vanity and kindheartedness destroys his beloved kingdom. Sean Bean as Ulysses, capturing his essence of cunning and intelligence. The battle scenes and cinematography were exhilarating. The bad - they completely rewrote the story to keep Brad Pitt's Achilles onscreen as long as possible. Menelaus dies in an early battle instead of returning home with Helen. Briseis, a minor character in the book takes center stage, and one wonders whether we watched 'Helen of Troy' or 'Briseis of Troy'. In the end, she almost acts like Xena the Warrior Princess. Paris, Helen, and everyone escapes instead of being killed or enslaved. The last straw was putting Achilles in the Trojan Horse. That's so against his character who values honest combat vs. deception. For me, it compared badly to a recent epic, 'The Lord of the Rings' trilogy, where the director allowed the stellar cast to enhance the story while being faithful to the book. Here, what could have been an excellent story and acting was sacrificed to provide a vehicle for Brad Pitt.
B0002Z0EYA|3.0|This lavish war movie took us back 3,200 years ago to discover the truth about the legend of Achilles' heel. The scenes were similar to the primitive fight of our Civil War. The Trojan War was vast and destructive (as was the War Between the States in America); the Colonial Wars were just as bad. At least there was no scalping of prisoners or dead warriors as portrayed in Coyle's SAVAGE WILDERNESS. However, it was not an easy thing to see. Parts of the movie were shot in Mexico; the female vocal was performed by someone named Tanya. Johnny Mathis sang \\"Remember.\\" The musical director was the marvelous James Horner of TITANTIC fame. War and horror movies depend on the orchestral mood-setting music, and this was no exception. At times, it was spectacular like the sunrise there in Mexico.<br /><br />Based on Homer's THE ILIAD, the saga is updated to 2004 sexual propensities. The nude scenes were not needed in such a movie, only lower the integrity of Homer's classic. The gladiators may have used primitive weapons, such as spears, shields, bows & arrows (they did play dirty using the fire arrows), and I like the nose guards on their helmets. The Trojans were dressed in gray, as they invaded. They loved a spectacle, sometimes fighting without shields. They trampled their own dead in retreat, with some revenge killings. At least, the dead were not left on the field (sand) for the vultures and given a burial pyre where they fell. There were many such death pyres similar to India's tradition. The final was an indoor flame for Hector, the real star of this saga, when the funeral games lasted twelve days.<br /><br />The fleet of ancient boats was quite spectacular. There was pandemonium in the streets (larger scale than in PIRATES OF PENZANCE in which Linda Ronstadt and Kevin Kline starred) as the fleet approached. There was mass slaughter inside the walls of the city and the fires turned it into a huge funeral pyre. Now, this is the film in which the Rock should have starred. Brad Pitt made a valiant effort. He looked silly, however, in a skirt; his outfits influenced this summer's skimpy styles for women. He looked like a woman with that hair style (bleached blonde to boot). He was a mean (though not lean) fighting machine.<br /><br />Jewelry was abundant on men with earrings and gold ornaments in their long hair. The women (except for Achilles mother) wore lavish jewels -- even the slave girl loved by Achilles (who turned out to be a real princess), was cousin of Hector. The old king, with his ugly teeth, played by Peter O'Toole was humanly portrayed as the father of two handsome sons: Hector married with a blue-eyed son (even Trojan babies suched their thumbs) and Paris who caused all this havoc by stealing the young wife, Helen, who just wanted a man she could grow old with. Her Greek husband was old enough to be her father. Women were used merely as chattal for sex and pro-creation, not much love involved. Achilles slept with women but he loved his male cousin. When the cousin gave his life (dressed as Achilles), a vendetta took place. Hector wasd a fool who thought he'd killed Achilles but revenge caused his death and his body was dragged thtough the desert tied to Achilles' chariot. The old king appealed for his son's body; consequently, we see the Trojan horse and the vermin who escaped to open the gates for a new, massive fleet of Greek warriors to wreck havoc.<br /><br />There were gorgeous horses in the seaside camp on the Trojan Beach. Thank God they freed the horses from the final inferno. The nudity was bad and totally unnecessary. There was a bevy of belly dancers at the feast in Sparta. At Phtia, there was a type of Stonehenge where Achilles practiced sword play with his cousin. His weakness was the sword through his heel as he could not walk, run, or fight back. As he cried before he died, I thought, \\"So, he was human after all, not just a killing monstrosity.\\" He could find peace only in death.<br /><br />There was plunder as spoils of war. During the twelve-day reprieve, one of the Greek men was shown carving a stone horse with a sharp knife \\"for my son back home.\\" I guess he got it, as there was a final victory with the Trojans being defeated. It does no good to be sorry 'after the fact.' We're all human, and humans make mistakes -- sometimes fatal. This extra-long movie (music kept it going) showed that even enemies can show respect. When Achilles \\"frees\\" the woman who loves him to return to her people (not caring how he hurts her), it parodies the old adage: \\"You Always Hurt The One You Love.\\"/>There was plunder as spoils of war. During the twelve-day reprieve, one of the Greek men was shown carving a stone horse with a sharp knife \\"for my son back home.\\" I guess he got it, as there was a final victory with the Trojans being defeated. It does no good to be sorry 'after the fact.' We're all human, and humans make mistakes -- sometimes fatal. This extra-long movie (music kept it going) showed that even enemies can show respect. When Achilles \\"frees\\" the woman who loves him to return to her people (not caring how he hurts her), it parodies the old adage: \\"You Always Hurt The One You Love.\\"
B00005QIPH|5.0|PLEASE DISREGARD ALL ONE STAR REVIEWS FOR THIS GREAT CD.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.FIVE STARS.
0156027321|5.0|I thought this book would make an interesting discussion -- after a couple of glasses of wine.  I was right.  The bookclub discussion was filled with &quot;what ifs!&quot;
B00006IX0R|5.0|Though some of their best is still missing from this album, at least &quot;Promises&quot;, and &quot;Zombie&quot; are on this album, those are both amazing songs that I still listen to daily, anyway if you're a fan, this CD is a great addition to your collection.
B00018D3RI|5.0|I recently brought the series since I couldn't wait to see it. I was blown away but the handsome Paul Michael Glaser and David Soul plus the car chases and not to mention the car...
B000002GXX|5.0|With ONE OF THESE NIGHTS, the Eagles embrace rock even more than on ON THE BORDER, with a new sound drawn as much from the Allman Brothers Band's BROTHERS AND SISTERS and Stax/Volt R&B as from California rock. The title track is a pure R&B groover that I'd someday like to ask a new female friend I've made for a dance to, while \\"Lyin' Eyes\\" and \\"Take It To The Limit\\" (the latter featuring Randy Meisner on lead vocals) draw on their earlier sound. People who care about others might want to note that the band members currently advocate sanctions against Indonesia in retaliation for that country's trumped-up 2005 drug-smuggling conviction of a young Australian tourist, making this album an essential purchase for both your ears AND your conscience. Overall, this album is definitely as essential in its own way as HOTEL CALIFORNIA, GREATEST HITS 1971-1975, ON THE BORDER, and THE LONG RUN.
B0000026NC|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST LIVE COMPILATIONS YOU WILL EVER GET TO HEAR.IT FEATURES ALL THEIR HITS.DISREGARD ALL ONE STAR REVIEWS AND BUY THIS SUPERB ALBUM.FIVE STARS.
B00009ATIX|5.0|I have seen this movie several times and am in love with it.  Solaris has the same haunting, dreamy quality that makes 2001: A Space Odyssey so special, but it's far more intimate and beautiful.  Don't expect it to be your standard sci-fi fare with critters and explosions; likewise, don't expect it to be the Lem novel on film.  It's an independent work and just thrilling.  Each time I watch it (or listen to the score since I also bought the soundtrack CD), I'm drawn into a fantasy realm.  I have seen few movies deal with loss in such a provocative and mesmerizing way.  Every frame of this movie is gorgeous and the overall achievement superlative--too bad it was badly marketed and that so many people come to it with expectations bound to be dashed.
B00005JMEW|2.0|I went to the cinema expecting to understand what the hype was all about. Maybe I should have done some research beforehand<br />Everyone was amazed at Tarantino's fourth film, saying 'Oh God, it must be good'.<br />Pul Fiction - yes<BR>Resevoir Dogs - yes<BR>Jackie Brown - No!<BR>Kill Bill - Hell no!<br />This was a film based purely on action, with no thought on a complex storyline. A simple revenge based film, with admittedly good choreography, but unrealistic battles and a general poor film<br />Everyone also seems insistent that Tarentino is a genius. To my mind, for genius read pretentious. Some scenes were genius, but the anime sections went on far too long, and as for other parts...<br />Actions fanatics may enjoy this. I certainly did not
B00009V8Z9|5.0|Gavin DeGraw is the real deal...he has this raspy voice thats great with these poetic lyrics that he writes himself.  I've hung out with him before and I have to say that is the awesome, he is a really cool person and hasn't let being a favorite of the NYC downtown music scene and rising star get to his head.  I recommend this CD to anyone because its amazing
B000067CPX|5.0|This is an amazing CD. The great thing about RHCP is that they are continously changing their music style. I wouldn't call it better, because all their styles are great and different. In this album the chilis have included a lot more mellow tunes, like Venice Queen and Midnight. We hear some great rock-rap in songs like By The Way, The Zephyr Song and Minor Thing. The best bass is in Throw Away Your Television. Although the lyrics aren't as crystal clear as some people might like them to be, you can interpet them and make them your own, as Anthony's husky voice delivers. There's also amazing lead guitar by the talented John Frusciante and the spectacular drumming hosted by Chad Smith. This is a simply unmissable CD. If you only buy one CD in your lifetime, then this is it.
B000002J09|5.0|PLEASE DISREGARD ALL ONE STAR REVIEWS FOR THIS FANTASTIC CD FROM LED ZEPPELIN VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.FIVE STARS.
0679428895|5.0|The book pompeii is a must read for all of you history buffs and historical fiction buffs. i first started reading thins book about 3 mounths ago and i havent be able to put it down yet. Im actually reading it agian to see if i can get more from it. the way Robert H. bring the first centery back to life is amazing. all the detail that he has in his writing is great and you can actully see the setting. im not a very big read but this is a book that i have enjoyed and the first book i havent beable to put down. i suggest that eveyone should read this book if they could.
6305949980|5.0|I discovered this movie when I was in third grade.  I saw it once and one thing got stuck into my mind.  The music!  Danny Elfman does a wonderful job when it comes to creating and telling a story through songs.  Though I don't own the movie, my best friend does, and when I had first moved here to my home, she made me watch it because I thought I didn't know the movie.  But now, I woun't forget it no matter where I am.  It's a must see, if not a must have!
B00005QDW5|4.0|Honestly, if you want the Pink Floyd experience, don't get this.  Get the albums instead.  Pink Floyd has always had some of the strongest albums in music.  Only bands like Led Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix, and the Beatles have made albums anything close to theirs.<br />For those of you who don't know, Pink Floyd is the best Prog Rock band ever.  They are known for concept albums like Dark Side of the Moon, The Wall, and Wish You Were Here.  BUt, they are much deeper than that.  Pre-Dark Side albums to mention include Meddle, Obscured by Clouds, and Atom Heart Mother.  The live stuff and Final Cut, Momentary Lapse, and Division Bell are fine, but no where near the caliber of the late 60's and 70's Floyd.<br />This collection has a little from each album, including the Psychdelic Piper at the Gates of Dawn.  It flows well together, much like Pink Floyd's albums.  For a newbie to Floyd, or a casual listener, this album is great; one the best Greatest Hits albums with almost no filler.<br />But, to true Floyd fans, just by looking at the tracks, you can see that a lot is missing.  This includes stuuf from the Wall, lke Run Like Hell or Young Lust; both of which receive a lot of airplay.  A 3rd CD would have been nice, because if made correctly, we wouldn't have a shortened versionof Echoes (like in this album), and we still would have no filler.<br />I would reccommend you to buy Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here if you want Floyd.  You still spend 30 bucks, but you see the true genius of their albums, which have no weak track to speak of.  <br />Eventually, you should delve into the Wall, which is 25% filler, 75% killer.  By buying the albums, you have a more complete collection, for about the same price as these, you could get Echoes and Volume 2 of Echoes (which they should release because so much is left out).<br />Bottomline:  Good for extremely casual listener.  If you don't have the Wall or DSOTM, shame on you.  Go and buy those right away.
B000002UAX|5.0|A GREAT ALBUM FROM THE FAMOUS FOUR FROM LIVERPOOL VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|This is the only Van Halen album I have, but it's so awesome, I don't care.  Amost every song is kickass, and Eddie is amazing.<br />Runnin' With the Devil - Although the solo is a little weak for Eddie's standards, it is made up for with thae awesome intro that this song holds.  Pure Hard Rock.  10/10<br />Eruption - Eddie Van Halen is a true god.  Hopefully, with all the hip hop garbage today, he won't be forgotten.  Best on the album.  11/10<br />You Really Got Me - A milkion times better than the Kinks' original version.  Great solo, great vocals.  Very Cool.  10/10<br />Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love - cool riff, cool guitar lead.  Alex Van Halen's shining moment.  9/10<br />I'm the One - It has two solos.  Enough said.  10/10<br />Jamie's Cryin' - I used to hate it, but now I love it.  Killer riff.  9/10<br />Atomic Punk - Eddie is so incredicle here.  My second favorite song on the album.  10/10<br />Feel Your Love Tonight - Not really too fond of this song, as in I don't listen to it that often.  It's still good, though.  8/10<br />Little Dreamer - Again, not too familiar.  8/10<br />Ice Cream Man - I LOVE this song! It is simply awesome!  10/10<br />On Fire - Michael Anthony really shines here.  Good stuff.  10/10<br />Average - 9.5/10.  If that doesn't answer your question as to whether you should buy this album, then you might as well just take a chance and buy it.  Long live Van Halen.<br />Peace everybody, and keep rocking.
0393039765|3.0|Palahniuk must be ecstatic! Now there's an Iraq War where all the disaffected young American men he writes about can go (...). Only an American can write this - the disaffection, the disdain and cynicism towards their own soft affluent lives in a culture that is the envy of the starving Third World majority, existential angst of men with everything but the imagination to make life meaningful for themselves and the rest of the world - yuppies approximating spiritual hunger, yuppies suffering ennui -not to worry. After Iraq, there's North Korea. Syria. Wow. Nothing like Osama and Saddam to cure the postmodernist blahs.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is one of my top 10 best movie. The story and action was great it Miyazaki best. I think that everyone should see this movie
B000002UAR|5.0|THIS WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST CD'S OF THE BEATLES.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B0000YTMNC|5.0|Hmmmmmmm Im kinda suprised I realy dont like Britney but I listened to this album from my brother and I kinda realy like it and it gave me more respect for Britney cause the album is realy realy good!<BR>I think people like me should give her a chance Im glad I listened to it and now I know that she's (...)a great artist to!<br />Im addicted to this album now and my brother is mad because he dosent get to listen to it cause of me ha ha:)<br />Well after this expierince I think Im gonna go check her past albums out!
B0000DBJDM|3.0|This DVD was alrgiht, i like pink floyd in their later years more.  The songs on this i will give a 7 of 10, but the comentary of the Floyd and the DVD feutres a 9.  I think that the Wall is a better overall album and DVD.
B000002U84|5.0|Duran Duran's 1982 \\"Rio\\" is one of the boldest records I have ever heard.  This is where Duran Duran became international superstars thanks to their classic \\"Hungry Like the Wolf.\\"  If it weren't for them, MTV and Capitol records would be out of business.  As groups Journey and Asia were falling by the wayside and saw their sales decline, the public immediately turned to Duran Duran who are still making classic records after all these years.  There's no excuse not to own this.  Get it now!
B00006LI4S|5.0|THIS IS A GREATDVD FROM DAVID GILMOUR AND IS VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.DISREGARD THE ONE STAR REVIEWS.
B00005OM4N|5.0|This album is truely awesome! It has Britney singing different styles such as R&amp;B as well as pop. Some of it's best songs, I think, are Overprotected, Lonely, Cinderella, Bombastic Love, and What It's Like To Be Me. Buy it! It's well worth it!
B00006RINF|5.0|For this serious music junkie and dark scorpio, Lacuna Coil has everything I want in a band and music.  <BR>I listen all genres of music - foreign and domestic(USA) and when I find something I like, I check out the group inside and out - lyrics, musical arrangement, vocal performance, bios, you name it!  It takes more than one song to impress me.<BR>It takes at LEAST 3 songs PER album to get me to buy it!  I don't purchase the everyday pop performer's album.<BR>OKAY, now to Lacuna Coil........forget JUST this album, ALL their albums are good!  This is very unusual in this day and age to find a group that puts out a complete album EVERYTIME.  I have my favorites of course, but &quot;Heaven's a Lie&quot; tops them all.  Their best work to date - and that is an achievement that is tough on this band.  Swamped, Angel's Punshiment, Daylight Dreamer, Humane and Self Deception - all good!  This album is loaded to the hilt.  Compare and complain all you want about their sound and how it compares to others, this band delivers - lyric by lyric and line by line.  If you like rock, gothic rock, Alternative Rock, Darkwave, Heavy Metal, euro Rock, J-rock, impressive lyrics, great riffs and not wasting your money - BUY any album from Lacuna Coil!  <br />Comalies is just the beginning of your journey.<br />Let the &quot;Coil&quot; wrap you and keep you in its mesmerizing spell!
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I've never seen anyone preaching  for his love like that. He keeps preaching for his  love as she dies in his arm.
B000002UA0|5.0|THIS EXCELLENT FLOYD DEBUT CD GETS MY HIGHEST RECOMMENDATIONS.FIVE STARS
B00005OM4N|5.0|Usually I'm not a fan of Britney, but this is a great album! Listen to it when you want to chill out and be happy. Really really good work
B00005V3Z4|5.0|This weird film is the result of a very fortunate mixture of different styles. It's about teenagers but it's \\"NOT another teen movie\\". A strange character who wears an ugly rabbit mask who appears suddenly before Donnie, would make us believe it's an horror movie, but it is smarter than that. And the time traveling issue would lead us to think it's a science fiction film. I think it goes further, this is a story to think about, to try to answer the questions that are never answered. Watch \\"Donnie Darko\\" and discover how an airplane's turbine falls down from nowhere, why the world is ending in just 28 days, the identity of the \\"crazy\\" woman who continuously checks her mailbox although nobody ever writes to her, find out why all Chereeta says is \\"Shut up!\\", and learn to appreciate the beauty of the word \\"cellar door\\". Intrigued? GREAT! Now watch it.
B00004ZDVQ|5.0|Who else but Stevie Wonder could coexist with The Allman Bros. Band, Jethro Tull, and Yes on FM radio? I grew up listening to these songs on a tinny little alarm clock radio in the mid-70s, and he blew everyone else off of the airwaves. Regardless of your race, musical preference, or car sound system ;), Stevie was the most exciting musician on the planet. Not since the mid-sixties Beatles did an artist/group dominate the musical landscape the way Stevie Wonder did from 1973 - 1977. This 2-cd set skims the cream of his output off the top of his phenomenal run of creativity. Buy this album as an introduction, but I guarantee you will want to get the original lps the songs come from, and you won't be disappointed.
B000002U9Y|5.0|IGNORE ALL ONE STAR REVIEWS FOR THIS BRILLIANT FLOYD CD.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00005OM4N|5.0|I think her album is wonderful. She is a very talented person, and I wish her all the success in the world.. I know she will be around for a very long time.. I listened to the entire CD and I loved every song. Great Job!!!!
B0000009TT|4.0|(...)Zappa neither walked on water nor was he the musical equivalent of a flasher. He was a serious composer who had some great moments, good moments, fair moments and downright godawful moments. And you can't get a better collection of all of the above than on this three-disc sprawling mass of....Zappa.<br />My own preference goes for his purely instrumental moments, whether they be classical, jazz(ish), rock-heavy guitar moments or sploches of musique concrete. Where he loses me here is where he always has lost me, which is in his \\"social commentary/satire\\" phases. Be honest, how many times are you actually going to LISTEN to \\"Legend of the Illinois Enema Bandit\\" or \\"Greggery Peccary?\\" They weren't that funny to start with and repeated listenings sure don't make them funnier! On the other hand, \\"Regyptian Strut,\\" \\"The Ocean Is The Final Solution,\\" \\"Pedro's Dowry\\" and the other instrumental/orchestral components of LTHER are truly subversive, clever and can hook ya good. But it's all here for whatever brought the listener to Zappa in the first place and whatever kept he or she there, and that's fine.<br />Personally, I'm glad we had Zappa the composer/musician as well as Zappa the social satirist because it's nice to be able to choose the former over the latter. And BOTH are preferable to Zappa the diety.
B00006L9ZT|5.0|I'm not going to write my usual verbose review here. Suffice it to say that some of the unfavorable reviews here are nothing more than the haughty opinions of typical classical music snobs--you know, the kind of people who do more than anything else to discourage more people from becoming interested in &quot;classical&quot; (or in this case Late Romantic) music? Like every opera recording/performance--esp. one as monumental as &quot;The Ring&quot; cycle--this set may have its flaws, but most of the quibbles that some reviewers have with this cycle are nothing more than  nitpicking. At least some negative reviewers are honest enough to admit that maybe Wagner is just &quot;not their cup of tea&quot; (it is certainly understandable that his grandiose gestures are not for everybody).<br />Let me put it this way, when one considers all the elements that it takes to bring off a successful realization of Wagner's massive conception--and to do it in the original Romantic spirit that Wagner intended (not some space age reinterpretation)--there has never been a better version of the Ring on &quot;video&quot; (or DVD, in this case)...nor is their likely to be, anytime soon. I would normally give this set four-and-a-half stars, but I am giving it five stars to &quot;bring up the average&quot; a little, since a three-and-a-half star average review is simply not acceptable--or accurate--imho.
B00005OM4N|5.0|This cd is really really good.Britney sounds a lot more grown up and mature. Every song is really catchy and clear.The Highlights include I'm a Slave For You, Overprotected, I'm Not a Girl Not Yet A Woman,Boys, Anticipating, and That's Where You Take Me.
B000003TA4|4.0|Ten years of perspective is enough for an analysis that may keep away from the hype this record had when it was released. I can say tha SLTS blew my head when I first listened to the first track of this record. I'm sure they were not the best band on earth, nor was Kurt the best composer, but I think that nobody can deny that this record was a major breakthrough for grunge music. Just remember the quite decadent rock scene at that time, and we should thank these guys. Not many bands can be responsible for being a turning point in the history of music. I'm really glad that Nirvana did exist and release this record.
B00005OM4N|5.0|What a remarkable third album from Miss Spears. I was not expecting to love it so much. Of course it has the classic Britney songs. The catchy, funky, dance songs that she purrs her way through like Overprotected,Lonely, Cinderella, and Bombastic Love. But there is a difference. The difference is that she has grown and matured as a woman and an artist and it is clearly evident on these tracks as well as the sexy, edgy Boys( which samples Nasty by Janet Jackson and delves into Prince territory) and What it's Like to Be Me...a fantastic uptempo track written by Justin Timberlake. The track seems like a leftover from Celebrity. He even provides background vocals that make this song unique and one of the best on the album. Anticiapting is another highlight. It's fun, sweet, catchy,carefree and is almost identical to Janet Jackson All For You..but Britney makes it her own and really gives a sweet vocal performance. Britney is in fine form. Her voice is stronger than ever. The best song is the lone ballad. I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman. A beautiful song written by Dido. Britneys vocals are sincere, sweet, and yes powerful. This is the song that will prove to the world she CAN sing. She just needed the right song.A lovely song that has all the makings of a smash. A truly wonderful album, and a step up for Britney. She has grown as a person and as an artist. The teen pop phenom may be floundering but Britney is one that will continue to flourish.
B0000028PL|4.0|This album always gets overlooked for some reason. Especially as it's always compared to 'Vivid'. That was a great album as well as 'Time's Up' but Stain should be judged on it's own merits. It has one of the best rock songs of all time in my opinion in the form of 'Ignorance is Bliss'. Whilst Veron Reid and his cohorts are undoubtebly talented, Corey Glover is also a fine fine vocalist. His soulful voice really is uplifting and he can growl and shout with the best of 'em. The good thing about these guys is that they possess a fine sense of humor as well as demonstrated on 'Bi'
B00005OM4N|5.0|Britney's album is great! I love it! It's perfect! Her material on this album is different than the others! It's a lot better! Songs like I'm A Slave 4 U, Overprotected, Cinderella, Boys, What's It Like To Be Me, and all the others are great!!<br />This is a must-buy album! Britney Spears has done it again!!
B00000I3JD|4.0|This Cd is great. So soulful and inspiring. Boring at some parts, tho...well. I'll rate each song:<br />1-Intro: Not much..lol..Just an intro. 3/5<br />2-Lost Ones: I like this song...Nice beat, but not the best. 3/5 [...You might win some but you just lost one...]<BR> <BR>3-Ex-Factor: Really Good song. Soft and relaxing. 4/5 [...And when I try to walk away, you'd hurt yourself to make me stay...]<br />4-To Zion: One of my favourite songs in the album. It shows how happy is Lauryn about having his child. 5/5 [...Look at your carreer they said, &quot;lauryn, baby, use your head&quot;, but instead i chose to use my heart...]<br />5-Doo Wop (That Thing): This song rocks!!! :-D i love it!!. 5/5 [...How you gon' win when you ain't right within...]<br />6-Superstar: I like this song very much, bc it's a mix of different types of music. 4/5 [...music is supposed to inspire...so home come we ain't getting no higher...]<br />7-Final Hour: I love this song. Strong...It makes me think. 5/5 [...You could get the money, You could get the power, But keep your eyes on the final hour...]<br />8-When It Hurts So Bad: Um...i don't like tbe beat very much but the lyrics r good...;-) 3/5 [...See, I thought this feeling It was all that I had But how could this be love And make me feel so bad?...]<br />9-I used To Love Him: I'm completly in love with this song!! Great! 5/5 [...Thought what i wanted was something I needed...]<br />10-Forgive Them Father: Not one of my fav' but a good one ;-) 4/5 [...Beware the false motives of others,Be careful of those who pretend to be brothers...]<br />11-Every Ghetto, Every City: I like the beat, but not so much the lyric. 4/5 [...The streets that nurtured Lauryn Hill,Made sure that I'd never go too far...]<br />12-Nothing Even Matters: So sweet, and beautiful. 5/5 [...See I don't need no alcohol, Your love makes me feel ten feet tall...]<br />13-Everything Is Everything: I like this song a lot. The lyrics and beat are so cool! 5/5 [...I wrote these words for everyone, Who struggles in their youth,Who won't accept deception,Instead of what is truth...]<br />14-The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill: ummm...I think it's not one of the best...i can't rate it...SO U DO IT! ;-) --/5 [...I look at my environment,And wonder where the fire went,What happened to everything we used to be,I hear so many cry for help...]<br />15-Can't Take My Eyes Off You: Nice version! I lik it sssoo much! 4/5 [...Pardon the way that I stare. There's nothing <BR>else to compare. The sight of you leaves me <BR>weak. There are no words left to speak....]<br />16-Tell Him: I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!!! YAYAYAYA!!! IT ROCKS!!!! MY FAV' SONG IN THE ALBUM!!!!!! IT'S GREAT!! 100/5 [..I'll never be jealous,And I won't be too kind,Cause love is not boastful,and loveis not loud,Tell him I need him,Tell him I love him...]<br />WELL..THIS IS ALL...U MUST GET THIS ALBUM
B00006CXXU|1.0|This album sucks all the songs sound alike plus her voice is annoying...
B00000JLWW|5.0|TITANIC is awsome...wait for it to come out on special edition DVD before you purschase it...it should be out sometime late this year!
B00005OM4N|5.0|Aight, here we go:<BR>The enhanced disc with a performance of &quot;Overprotected&quot; starts off with the first single of the album:<br />I'm A Slave 4 U-Hot, new beat. Quite the ear candy. Though it only contains one verse, the song doesn't lose its hold. It truly captivates you into a world of pop and just makes you wanna dance.<BR>Rating: 9.9/10<br />Overprotected-A Max Martin song. But an extremely, good and catchy one! One of the highlights of the disc. Also makes you just wanna get up and dance.<br />9.9/10<br />Lonely-Another upbeat song. The bridge of this song is awesome. A real girl power song about a girl saying she'd rather be alone than be with a guy that's mistreated her.<BR>9.6/10<br />I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman-The only real ballad on the CD. When I first heard it, it was an okay ballad. But after a few listens and a look at the lyrics, I got into it and I applied it to my life. Plus, good vocals!<BR>9.7/10<br />Boys-A song you would most likely hear in a club. Like the previous song, it took a few listens to really get into it. I like it now, though. It has a different, kind of offbeat rhythm than what you would find in her previous work (BOMT, OIDIA), kinda like &quot;Slave&quot;.<BR>9.3/10<br />Anticipating-I'm just not feeling this song. It's a Janet Jackson kind of ditty with happy disco beats. I don't like it that much, but it's still okay.<BR>7/10<br />I Love Rock n' Roll-Great cover, the beats are awesome. And you can just feel the attitude in her voice. Cool song.<BR>9.5/10<br />Cinderella-Umm...I think this should've been on OIDIA. No surprise, it's made by Max Martin. Not that it's bad or anything. I like it! So...<BR>9.6/10<br />Let Me Be-Oooooh! I just love the little tropical beat to this song. Awesome beat, good vocals, catchy, overall great song.<BR>9.9/10<br />Bombastic Love-When I first heard the title, I was like, &quot;What the heck?! This better not be a reggae, Shaggy-like song!&quot; Thank the Lord it wasn't. But anyways...I dunno. Doesn't the chorus sound like &quot;Oops!&quot;??? Still, an extremely pop tune. And I mean catchy. This could stick in your head for weeks. Oh, and I also love the beginning intro part (with the, it kinda sounds like a triangle, don't it?)<BR>9.5/10<br />That's Where You Take Me-Sweet, kind of ballad. Whenever you listen to it, you just start smiling, don't you? Just try to resist it! <BR>9.8/10<br />What It's Like To Be Me-Awesome string outro! You can just tell it was written by Justin and Wade. Tight beat and awesome chorus. Another song where you can just hear the attitude in Brit's voice.<BR>9.5/10<br />EXTRA TRACKS:<br />Intimidated-Cool track. Kinda like &quot;Boys&quot;, but not so clubbish (not exactly a word...but that's okay ). Catchy and cool track. I like the vocals, they were done really well!<BR>9.4/10<br />Before The Goodbye-Why was this song cut?! (Well, okay, we all know, but you know my point) Upbeat ballad. The backup vocals are too heavy, but otherwise, I love this song! I love the part where she sings it kinda accapella. And the guitar outro...oooh, very Madonna!<BR>9.8/10<br />When I Found You-I love the strings in this song. I want this song to be on the album so bad! But I have it dl-ed on my computer, so I'm happy! Beautiful ballad, I love it.<BR>10/10<br />I Run Away-The strings are the absolute best! This whole song is so beautiful! I want it to be on the CD so bad! It's such a beautiful ballad! It's VERY Madonna, and very mature. I also love the back ground music throughout the whole thing. And the violin that goes through it is amazing. (If only I could do vibrato like that...but I'm still working on it...whoops. A little off-topic.) and there's a part where britney sings acapella except for a guitar, which sounds so amazing! I love this song!<BR>11/10<br />Overall, this CD is great, and I totally love it! So, take a listen to it first to be the own judge of it, and buy it!
B000002TPS|4.0|here we see the soft side of megadeth and this is a follow up to countdown to extinction.this album has damn good prodution!!! guitars are awesome,the bass lines sound really good!! and the drums has heavier sound than countdown.the best songs are:reckoning day,train of consequenses,addicted to chaos,a tout le monde,lots of fantastic classics.i love this album cause it shows that slow and soft heavy metal cant be that bad and some songs are rather touching in the heart,example addicted to chaos,a tout le monde and blood of heroes.it also has a song that has the greatest megadeth lyrics on the song victory...it talks about megadeth in their years so far.so if you love megadeth and want to be a compleate fan of em you should own this!!.
B00005OM4N|5.0|I absolutely love Britney Spears. There hasn't been a female artist this fun to watch since Madonna. All the songs on this new album are fun to listen to, dance to, or sing along to in your car. The first single &quot;I'm a Slave 4 U&quot; is already a classic. Britney can do no wrong as far as I'm concerned. If you are a Britney fan, this is a must have album. Even my friends who don't typically like Britney's music say that they love the songs on this cd.
0316666343|3.0|I'd heard that this book wasn't one of the best, and I just had to find out for myself. I read it, and I just don't know. Some <BR>parts were very good, and the pages flew by,but there were other parts, where I just wanted to call it quits.<br />           Susie is a 14 year old girl, who one day on her way home from school, is lured away by a neighbor. Her parents begin<BR>to worry and as time goes by, all that is recovered is an elbow.<BR>After a decade, her parents give up hope of finding her alive.<br />This book goes on to tell the stories of the way Susie's death<BR>affects her friends and family. But after that the story gets a bit unbelievable, and I couldn't wait for it to be over.<br />              In my opinion The Lovely Bones is worthy of a 3.5.
B000002JSJ|5.0|this Cd blows my mind<BR>there is nothing like Achilles Last Stand in the entire world. That song alone is worth way more than ten bucks. The way the Drums hammer and Page goes nuts with a guitar in his hand, it sounds like a gift from god.<BR>IF you like LED ZEPPELIN whatsoever, this CD along with all of their others is for YOU<BR>ONce You listen to these guys you wont be able to stop, trust me I know.
1592400876|5.0|Who could imagine someone would write a grammar book that I'd want to take with me into the bath?  This is the book that should be used to teach English in schools!  Has anyone read this book and not thought twice about adding that comma? <br />An excellent, fun book.
B00005U122|5.0|I must say, I very much enjoyed this concert. I had previously seen Pink Floyd @ Pompeii, and some of Davif Gilmour's Concert both on DVD. This was better than the two. <br />The Pros: A great band, Doyle and Snowy White are awesome at guitar and the keyboard/slide guitar/vocal/acoustic guitarist is an extra treat, especially since he has the closest thing to Gilmour's voice in the band. Roger Waters looks and sounds great for his age and his bass/guitar/vocals are in top form. And, the song choices are superb. All my favorite Floyd tracks and the solo projects are wonderfully chosen. The extra track at the end (Each little candle) is cool. The drummer is also a great substitute for Mason.<br />the Cons: Not enough Final Cut, Pros and Cons of Hitch-hiking and pre-DSOTM songs were done and he played Pigs on the Wing 1 instead of Sheep or Pigs (Three different ones). And there was no spectacular light show.<br />I actually ran out of cons, wow. Usually there's a list five pages long full of them. Any how, as a complaint to a previous reviewer, there are no dress wearing pop-divas at all, and just because somebody chews gum during a performance dosn't mean you give it 3 stars. Better than Gilomour's and Pompeii and better than I expected, Buy it!!
B0001HAHXW|2.0|This is the most disappointing Clapton album I've ever purchased.  I agree with the reviewer who noted the lack of energy and enthusiasm in these recordings.  There's just no fire, no spark of passion, no synergy among the band members.  It's like they're playing the part of revivalist blues musicians in a B movie, making a handwaving attempt to play the songs in some &quot;authentic&quot; way but never quite pulling it off.  This is especially disappointing, given that Clapton has recorded numerous Robert Johnson songs over the years that do have the kind of energy and creativity I was hoping (in vain) to find here.  I bought this CD the first week it came out, listened to parts of it three or four times, then put it back in the case, where it will probably stay.  If you want to hear really outstanding but not derivative versions of Johnson's songs, order the two Peter Green CDs, which are much much better.
B0001AP12G|4.0|Kanye West is one of the freshest, most innovative artists to hit the stage recently. I got tired of hearing Hip-Hop that sounded just like everything else but Kanye takes it to another level. <br />WE DON'T CARE- First song that has the sing-along chorus to it. This cut talks about doing what it takes to get by and the obstacles that come from living that lifetime but at the same time overcoming that. Song is encouraging and jus is hot. It is laidback, and something to listen to for sho. Miri Ben-Ari who appears on Twista's project and Patti LaBelle's latest TIMELESS JOURNEY adds  the violin to this track. A<br />ALL FALLS DOWN- Current Spring single off the project. Syleena Johnson appears on this track which is like a Hip-Hop ballad or slow jam. The song is talking about things that fall down in life. It gets you thinking about stuff if you listen to the lyrics and Syleena sounds better than she ever has adding her vocals to the chorus and riffing all over the place. A<br />I'LL FLY AWAY- Little interlude with the Gospel song about flying away.<br />SPACESHIP- Old-school cut that features GLC and Consequences. It contains elements from Marvin Gaye's DISTANT LOVE song and is just a song you gotta listen to to take your interpretation from. It is something to definitely think about kinda talking about working hard but getting no where but wanting to take the space ship somewhere else. The song is hot and creative. A<br />JESUS WALKS- This is what I am talking about. The song kinda has the Army or War vibe to it as well as the religious with the background vocals and the low hum that continues throughout. It is hot hearing Kanye come at us with a Gospel track. It is refreshing and tells the truth about radio supporting the cut or not just because Jesus is mentioned. A+<br />NEVER LET ME DOWN- Jay Z appears on this as well as J-IVY has that \\"Get up, I get down\\". The slow cut that talks about the important things in life such as family and other loved ones instead ofhaving that high regard for the temporary, superficial things. This song is hot for real. A<br />GET EM'HIGH- Featuring Talib Kweli and Common, this cut is about getting a girl to the house to do the do with Talib pushing him on but the song is talking about a few other things at the beginning. B+<br />THE NEW WORKOUT PLAN- I am sure everybody has heard this creative song which talks about nothing but working out. The song is like nothing else heard before. I call it the Ghetto Workout Plan. A<br />SLOW JAMZ- Everybody and they granmda has heard this so I won't waste time really reviewing the track which features Jamie Foxx and Twista. I cant hear this anymore. A-<br />BREATHE IN, BREATHE OUT- Featuring Ludacris and Miri Ben-Ari on violins, this cut which talks about getting cash is like something else I have heard before. Ludacris or crazy Luda adds something to the cut as always. The song is alright but is like the first real filler track. B+<br />SCHOOL SPIRIT- The title explains it all and Aretha Franklin's SPIRIT IN THE DARK is sampled here and a Mickey Mouse version of her voice appears here. The song is hot and innovative just because Kanye couples that old school piece with this and then talks about school at the same time. That is probably what is one of the hottes qualities about Kanye that he couples and mixes things together that you would not think. A<br />TWO WORDS- Probably the weakest cut on the CD featuring Mos Def, Freeway and the Harlem Boys Choir, this seems too hardcore for Kanye. I aint used to hearig this kinda music from him. I usually skip over this cut. C+<br />THROUGH THE WIRE- Modeled off Chaka Khan's THORUGH THE FIRE, this creative and hot track is something that everybody has heard. The song is touching and dramatic. I like the inclusion of Chaka's here. A+<br />FAMILY BUSINESS- \\"All that glitters is not gold\\" is included here with a man saying it. The song is about one of the strongest fabric of us all and that is the family. The music, the lyrics, the arragement, everything comes together to make for an emotional effect that is needed on the track. Another one of the best tracks. A+<br />LAST CALL- Song is kinda long at over 12 minutes. It is a little bit of everything going on here but the beat is smooth and hot. A-<br />Overall, Kanye's CD is tight and hot at the same time. One of the main things I like about his CD is that he gets you to thinking about some serious stuff. It just ain't about getting the money or getting in somebody's panties, Kanye talks about everything from the hard life to school to God. It is off da hook about this fact because we get to hear about a little bit of everything. If Kanye keeps it up, he will be around for a long time because this material is already veteran rapper material.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|Listen...anyone who doesn't appreciate Badu has quite obviously been poisoned by this era of Top 40 radio that we're so unfortunately exposed to now.<br />Badu does not care about stinkin' airplay! Badu cares about music that moves your SOUL!!! Ladies and gentlemen...she definitely does it with this compilation. Its one of my favorite!
B0001US8FI|5.0|All-new digital transfer - Before the soundtrack was the only thing that underwent a digital make-over.<br />30th anniversary documentary \\"Blood and Steel\\"<br />\\"Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey\\" documentary (includes reconstruction of Lee's intended cut of The Game of Death<br />\\"Bruce Lee: The Curse of the Dragon\\" documentary<br />Interview gallery - Though this may contain footage previously released.<br />\\"Backyard Workout with Bruce Lee\\" home movie footage<br />A note on the feature commentary, the commentary may be a new one, as the commentary from the 25th anniversary edition contained both the producer and the screenwriter.
B0001Z53AQ|1.0|this cd is crap. Im a huge em fan but this is crap dont buy this crap the songs make no sense at all. maybe 1 or 2 good songs on this album. Waste of money trust me. I didnt belive some of these bad reviews until I heard the cd dont buy it.
B000002BYD|5.0|This album is a demonstration on what music should be. The Led Zepp style is fantastic, songs such as Faithful, Given To Fly and Do The Evolution are among pj's best. I prefer Ten for its simplicity, but in Yield pj show that they are musicians, not just rockers.
B0001V07ZQ|5.0|This movie is special. The cinematography is exceptional, the acting superb and the script is action packed!
B0001HLVSC|1.0|This film is what I expected, a generic Hollywood style film. So, I wasnt suprised, but I was suprised by how many people love this film. It is disgustipating! Crowe looks like a girlie with his gay pony tail, what a looser.
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|The Strokes are one of the most brilliant bands ever.  Their unique sound is captured in Is This It and then heard again in Room On Fire.  It is always depressing when good bands have lost their touch for writing music after the first or second album.  However, Room On Fire displays 0% of that.  If you ever see The Strokes in concert perform on TV, you can see the energy and the mood of each song on the album.  From the very beginning of &quot;What Ever Happened&quot; to the end of &quot;I Can't Win&quot; it is an amazing record.  Here is my view on each song:<br />1) What Ever Happened?  10/10 - Great, great song to start the album with and will stay in your head long after.<br />2) Reptilia  20/10 - One of the best rock and roll songs of all time and the best song on the album.<br />3) Automatic Stop 9/10 - Great mellow song.<br />4) 12:51 10/10 - Awesome guitar sound by Nick making it a great song.<br />5) You Talk Way Too Much  9/10 - Great song with really good lyrics. <br />6) Between Love And Hate 10/10 - Great slower song with an awesome guitar solo.<br />7) Meet Me In The Bathroom 10/10 - Another one of the album's greatest songs.<br />8) Under Control 8/10 - Awesome song but doesn't really sound like a typical Strokes song.<br />9) The Way It Is 10/10 - A great song with amazing lyrics, resembling something of A Rolling Stones sound.<br />10) The End Has No End 10/10 - Really really cool song, another highlight of the album. <br />11) I Can't Win 10/10 - Couldn't pick a better choice to end the album with.  Awesome lyrics and an awesome song.<br />  - If you love REAL music, this cd is great.  If you don't like it at first, just keep it in your cd player, it will grow on you.
B00005YW4H|1.0|Puke, puke, puke. Can you hear me puke. This is 100% rectum. Her dull voice bodes poorly with the cheesy backing music. Sounds like a bad night club singer.
B0001CCXZW|4.0|The first time I saw the announcement on the TV of the exit of the DVD 1st season of Gilmore Gilmore, it was the most beautiful day of my life! I waited on May 4th impatiently. Immediately after the school, I went to the shop and I saw it. The yellow case with this magnificent photo of the Gilmore. I asked the employee if it was also in French and he answered me a big NO! It was the worst day of my life! But I so love Gilmore Girls that it didn't disturb me to listen to it in English in spite of my profound disappointment. I thus bought it without waiting and arrived at home, I opened it by perceiving that there was no notebook indicating the episodes as in quite other DVD. I returned to the shop to know if it was an error but no. I thus went to see to another shop and they said to me the same thing, NO. Another disappointment. I am all the same happy to have bought it because I contributed to the fact that maybe, this broadcast is going to last for a long time because they will see (the team of Gilmore Girls) that they have many fans all around the world. I would like to add that Canada does not speak only English but also French.  Gilmore Girls is diffused in Quebec in French and this broadcast was elected by the competition; I would stay in my house to listen to _______ (broadcast) even if my house was burning. I thus hope to find the option French in the next DVD! One of your French biggest fan!
B00009V7RF|1.0|Yes this is one mass of spunky music. 12 year olds, BUY THIS ALBUM!!! 12+ year olds, dont be serious
B00000I07P|5.0|Slippery When Wet(1986). Bon Jovi's third studio album.<br />Whether you were a fan of Bon Jovi in the beginning or not, most every fan (new or old) can agree, for the most part, that Slippery When Wet was the album that defined Bon Jovi's career. Armed with four singles and a high quality production, Slippery was the band's break into mainstream success, which immediately earned them gratification from millions around the world. They had been fighting for success during the mid 80s with two unrecognized, yet equally stellar hardrock albums, Bon Jovi(1984) and 7800 Degrees Fahrenheit(1985), but the band didn't get to rest on their laurels until they unleashed Slippery in 1986.<br />To this day, I've had a soft spot for this album, primarily because it was one of the very first rock albums that I'd gotten into many years ago. When my dad let me borrow Slippery for a month, I became a huge fan and constantly played this album in and out everyday. However, for some strange reason I never got around to actually buying the album until now, probably being that my interest in Bon Jovi was waning as I bought more and more music over the years. But just recently I finally forced myself to fill the gap in my cd collection. Would I still have the same love for Slippery that I did when I was first introduced to rock music years ago?<br />You bet I would!<br />It was almost as if I was listening to it for the first time again. Immediately, the catchy AOR-driven, pounding anthems all came back to me the way they used to. 'Livin' On A Prayer', despite having constant radio play, still remains as my favorite Bon Jovi song of all time. It's catchy, melodic, uplifting, and rocking all in one. Now I have a much greater appreciation for the smash accoustic hit 'Wanted Dead Or Alive' than I used to, with its powerful melodies abound. Believe it or not, I actually lean more towards many of the lesser known, but equally good tracks on the album, especially 'Let It Rock', 'Raise Your Hands', 'Without Love', 'I'd Die For You', and the party rocking album-closer 'Wild In The Streets'. 'Let It Rock' opens the album nicely, sort of resembling the previous album's 'King Of The Hill' in style. 'I'd Die For You' is probably the closest thing on here to older Bon Jovi, sounding like a cross between 'Runaway' and 'Run To You' on previous albums. 'Without Love' and 'Never Say Goodbye' are both excellent ballads, the former being one of my favorites, and the latter gaining some decent radio play. The only song I never cared for was 'Social Disease' which sounds Aerosmith inspired (makes sense because I'm not that big of an Aerosmith fan). I used to like the mega hit 'You Give Love A Bad Name', but serious overplay on the radio has ruined it for me, and it just doesn't seem as good of a song as it used to.<br />For the most part, if you're a real Bon Jovi fan, chances are you already own this outstanding album. If not, then what are you waiting for? After this, the followup New Jersey(1988) featured some excellent rockers, though the band eventually abandoned the anthems and started experimenting with a Bruce Springsteen-esque adult contemporary sound (not a good thing for them). They were never quite the same again. However, if you're not a big fan, but you're looking for a good hardrock platter, then the first three albums shouldn't fail to please you. SWW is a pop-metal masterpiece which stands the test of time. On a side note, I may be commiting a fallacy forbidden to all hardcore BJ fans by saying this, but even as good as SWW is, my favorite ones are still the first two albums. They both have an edge lacking on future albums, that shows the band struggling for success, and this is something I really like when it comes to this sort of music. It's especially prevalent in the gloomy 7800 Degrees (shame on you Bon Jovi for shunning this masterpiece). I'm not in any way downtalking later albums, it's just that people should look at the beginnings of this band in order to see an unrivaled fire which faded away from New Jersey onwards. To this day, I consider Bon Jovi, 7800, and SWW to be Bon Jovi's prime years, and especially after listening to this album, you can see why. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.<br />Other recommendations:<BR>-'Bon Jovi' by Bon Jovi<BR>-'Back For The Attack' by Dokken<BR>-'Hysteria' by Def Leppard<BR>-'Appetite for Destruction' by Guns 'N Roses
B0000AQVCL|1.0|Yuck<br />This is rubbish garage rock at its worst. They have one good song, like The Knack.
B000002TQB|5.0|Arguably one of the most revolutionary bands of all time, Blur's album &quot;Parklife&quot; is one of the most revolutionary albums of all time. Ushering in the Britpop style, &quot;Parklife&quot; is full of the upbeat music that makes Britpop what it is, yet it also includes a few ballads and deeper songs that round out the album well. While utilizing the typical rock-band instruments, Blur also makes use of a wide variety of other instruments, including trumpets, trombones, several saxophones and stringed instruments, and even a harpsichord. With tight music that has been brilliantly composed, Blur's third effort is a complex look at suburban life and is very much worth a listen.<br />Personally, I had bought this CD back in 1994, and I still can't get enough of it; every song is great. Out of my more than 500 CD's, I have listened to &quot;Parklife&quot; more than any other by far.
B00008FROE|5.0|The last (and greatest) of an amazing four album cycle that began when they turned their backs on allowing their musical choices to be dictated by a pointless competition with the Beatles, \\"Exile on Main St.\\" is one of the most thrilling commentaries on the decay of 1960s optimism and hippie squalor as refracted through an thorough immersion in American music in general -- and the blues very much in particular.<BR>Like many a masterpiece not clearly recognized as such upon its release, the details which brought the band to this creative juncture are as fascinating as they are unimportant (John Perry's \\"Classic Rock Albums\\" book in the series published by Schirmer/Macmillan is the best account I've ever read putting the Stones and this album in perspective).  Whether you bought it on vinyl upon its release, on the lousy sounding cassettes and cds issued through the 70s and 80s, or are just discovering it on the current Virgin Records issue, the music comes out of an atmosphere of chaos and near disintegration and could get through to anybody of any age.<BR>They WERE \\"exiles,\\" living as tax exiles in the South of France; the tracks, mostly, were recorded in various rooms in Keith Richards' mansion using the Stones' now-legendary mobile recording studio truck.  Ostensibly produced by Jimmy Miller, it's really Richard's compositional and production cri-de-cour.<BR>The powerhouse tracks alone make this a great album:  the magnificent weariness of \\"Tumbling Dice,\\" the frenetic honky-tonk of \\"Rip This Joint,\\" the ironic brilliance of \\"Happy\\" -- heck, you could spend a month just dissecting the bravura bandwork on \\"Rocks Off\\" from the guitar interplay, to the killer horn charts and Charlie Watts rifleshot drumming (can you nominate a percussionist for a Nobel Prize...?).<BR>But the halo on this evil saint comes from tracks clearly not intended as pop radio fare or Major Statements:  \\"Casino Boogie\\" is as evocative a slice of funk and sleaze as you can access without requiring penicillin afterwards, \\"Sweet Virginia\\" is maybe the Stones' greatest country joke, \\"Let it Loose\\" and \\"Loving Cup\\" are absolutely literate rock hybrids without peer -- they aren't melodramatic power ballads or self-conscious \\"story songs,\\" just simply moving statements about love and life.<BR>Yet the moral atmosphere of the album might cause some to fret: is this where it all started to go to hell?  Does it celebrate the wasted, dessicated, creepy, drugged-out, intellectually and emotionally fragmented pit into which many 1960s survivors descended?  Is it the cultural Detour sign directing the pop audience to swerve in horror and head to Frampton, Manilow and Kenny Rogers? (The Eagles, Fleetwood Mac and Linda Ronstadt were/are also beloved of those refugees who sought asylum at \\"light radio,\\" but are another story entirely.)<BR>Like the Stones' tourmate from the time of this album's release Stevie Wonder, whose \\"Innervisions,\\" \\"Talking Book\\" \\"Fulfillingness' First Finale\\" and \\"Songs in the Key of Life\\" also were far too complex and searching to insult with pitiful rate-a-record judgements like 'real good' or 'positive influence,' you have to take \\"Exile\\" on its own terms. The integrity is in this pudding with the proof, and it can't make a virgin or a whore out of you if you aren't one already.
B0001W8Q9Y|1.0|I am a hardcore fan, been to every concert in Amsterdam<BR>I bought the limited edition and had my name on the thank you list like everybody else did.And yet, the album was a dissapointment, pathetic attempts to gain a new &quot;cooler&quot; public such as you're gone are offensive.They should write like they always did: that is with no specific style, don't try to imitate bad pop music, the result is ridiulous and offensive to people who love music of good quality<br />1.Invisble Man : an attempt to write a great epic such as This STrange Engine, Interior Lulu, The Great Escape... The music is listenable, the singing part has no melody, hogarth is trying desperatley to fit too many lyrics in a verse, thus makinh himself whisper and talk rather than find and sing great melodies like he used to do.The Song has no logic or sentimental continuity like the rest of their epics, it seems like they had written 3-4 seperate songs and just put them together to make one big impressive song, the transgressions are one fo their worst<BR>2.Marbles I-IV: is sweet childish and nice to listen to..but not a song that calls you for a second listening...<BR>3.You're Gone : a pathetic attempt to make themselves sound &quot;cool&quot; in a time where being &quot;cool&quot; in music is a very bad thing!this song is bad<BR>4.Angelina:A great song!The best song on this album along with The Only Unforgivable Thing!<BR>5.Don't Hurt Yourself : doesn't call you for a second listening, uninspired and forgetable<br />6.Fantastic Place : great chorus!! although h seems to whisper more and more often as he gets older...that's bad<BR>7.Drilling Holes :nice chorus<BR>8.Neverland :an &quot;epic&quot; with the same errors as Invisble Man<BR>9.Ocean Cloud : for those who think about buying the ltd edition..once again an &quot;epic&quot; somewhat better than the others but with same &quot;problems&quot;..<br />I'm not even going to their concert this time...<BR>seems like nowadays they've changed theirsetlists and only play their new &quot;poppy&quot; &quot;cool&quot; &quot;bad taste&quot; &quot;easy&quot; songs, trying to &quot;buy&quot;  new audience that listens to Brit-Mtv-pop-rock nonsense.<BR>why do they even wanna ride the airwaves and share them with Britney..getting airplay nowadays is a bad thing.wake up Marillion!
076790382X|5.0|Bill Bryson has woken up from a coma. Although he has never been on life support or had people anxiously wring their hands while standing over his bed, he has just woken up from a coma. Twenty years ago Bill Bryson made that international journey to Britain and started a new life, complete with wife and kids. Two decades later he packs them all up and journeys back to his motherland, America. He finds that in the twenty years away from his native land things have changed a lot, some for better, some for worst. This is his account on moving back to America after twenty years away.<BR>     Bryson was called upon by a British magazine to write weekly columns about returning to America and unleashes a whole new level of wit and flavor as he comically blunders through life for the first few months back. Although sometimes he complains a little too much, it is a book that you will want to refrain from reading in public. Bryson includes interesting and eye opening statistics on mainly pointless but highly entertaining topics. Did you know that 142,000 people per year are sent to the emergency room for injuries inflicted by their clothing, or that there are 256 people in Stockholm named Lars Larson?<BR>     Through all of these random statistics Bryson also brings up a good number of points such as why is there a twenty-four hour hotline on floss, or about even important things like red herrings in the political world and what they are trying to cover up. Bryson has written a beautiful love letter to his native country and although possibly irrelevant to life it is a great read and I highly recommend it for anyone who needs a good laugh.
0385512104|5.0|The premise of &quot;Curious Incident&quot; seems almost impossible, but works in a straightforward yet engaging manner--much like those students of mine who are autistic.  Christopher is a 15 year old young man living with his father, who has been under the assumption that his mother died of a heart attack.  When he finds the neighbor lady's dog stabbed to death with a garden fork, he decides to do some &quot;detection&quot; to discover the dog's murderer and bring him to justice.  In the process of doing so, Christopher uncovers some family truths and his well ordered life begins to unravel.<br />Much has been learned in recent years about the way many people with autism process information and see the world, thanks to people like Temple Grandin and Donna Williams, who have broken through and written about their own experiences.  Haddon's bio says that he worked with individuals with autism, and the development of Christopher reflects this personal background.  Clearly, Christopher has had heavy doses of social stories and social skills sessions.  He explains regularly that he does this &quot;because this means...&quot;  He will launch into seemingly unrelated concepts and give detailed descriptions, explaining how his mind works.<br />The story moves forward not in spite of these digressions, but because of them.  Although Christopher might &quot;obsess&quot; about some minute detail, they often lead to his own discoveries that force him to make hard choices--such as stepping outside his highly predictable routine to find the train station and travel to London in search of his mother.<br />The depictions of Christopher's many strange behaviors and coping skills rang true for me.  I pictured similar behaviors by my own students, and this allowed me to appreciate the character development all the more.<br />Clinical observations aside, it's a great story.  In this day of novels about downtrodden protagonists defying the odds and coming into their own, Christopher's story, by virtue of his direct narration, is a refreshing change in the genre.  Although he is a young man totally mystified by human emotions, as a reader, I found myself unable to put the book down until I knew how things would be resolved for Christopher and his family.<br />For those of us who are lucky enough to have someone with autism sharing our life, much of the story will engage because it is so familiar.  For those of us who have not had much experience with these special people, it is an engaging and insightful look into the workings of the mind.  Most of all, it's a highly original and creative point of view for telling a story.s story, by virtue of his direct narration, is a refreshing change in the genre.  Although he is a young man totally mystified by human emotions, as a reader, I found myself unable to put the book down until I knew how things would be resolved for Christopher and his family.<br />For those of us who are lucky enough to have someone with autism sharing our life, much of the story will engage because it is so familiar.  For those of us who have not had much experience with these special people, it is an engaging and insightful look into the workings of the mind.  Most of all, it's a highly original and creative point of view for telling a story.
B000148KK2|5.0|Listen to the Girl In The Other Room and give Krall a chance... GEEZ!<br />I believe she wrote some amazing songs here and there is some deep music being played by great musicians on this record. Is it Jazz? That is an irrelevant question to me....Is it good music? The answer is YES<br />I do not believe the (so-called) fans whose sense of entitlement is offended are being either realistic or fair to Diana Krall....I see no reason why she should sound the same for the rest of her Life - if she had done yet another standards album I would have moved on for sure.....there are others who sing standards way better than DK.<br />I say Kudos To DK for taking a risk and making great music....!!!
B0000C7GG2|5.0|Not totally original, but compared to what we're subjected to daily, a breath of fresh air. And while they certainly have some influences, they mix them so well, it comes out sounding like something new. For those that say the lead singer doesn't sound like Thom Yorke, I think you're crazy... but it's not a bad thing, and it's really the only thing they have in common with Radiohead anymore. I'd say their music sounds like a mix between Dream Theater, Faith No More (Angel Dust), and Fiona Apple... with the outcome being more than the sum of it's parts. Anyway, an excellent album, and one everybody should have.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|It clarified so much for me - I am 58 white male who voted mainly republican and lived this - once again we are being lied to by our President &quot;Mr. Chaney&quot;! He willl sonn begin to slaughter a new generation of our sons and daughters in great numbers for their ego and lies.
0156012197|1.0|In my opinion this is not a very good book, Because it uses to many metaphors.  I found it very confusing and very boring. several times I found my self falling a sleep wile reading it.  I can't under stand my so many people like this book, to me it seams like a waste of paper.
B00008H2LE|4.0|I would like to say something first and foremost about a lot of people rating this album as a one star. I don't think that Linkin Park themselves would call this album metal. It wasn't meant to be some hardcore stand alone album. It was made to have lots of radio play and make money...and that's exactly what it did. Each song on this CD has it's potential to be a single for radio play and in the end, I think that's what any band wants. Most aren't in it to put out some mind shattering CD that will change your world. They are out to make money and reach many people instead of a certain group. Slipknot may not be in the same league as Linkin Park music wise, but business wise I think Linkin Park has them all beat. They know what type of music sells overall and they put out a damn good album to do just that. Every song on this CD is just as listenable as the songs on Hybrid Theory. I think it is an excellent follow up to a great album. They put on one hell of a live show and know how to get a crowd hyped. Way to go guys! Rock on!
B000092Q4U|2.0|i'm a heavy metal fan, Pantera, in flames, dimmu borgir, CoF and KSE to name a few. <br />and once the bloke below me, said that 11th hour sounded like pantera, i had to download it, to check them out before i bought the album (well that was the original idea) <br />pantera? u gotta be listening to a different band called pantera than i am!<BR>i love fast paced guitars, deafening riffs and screaching solos, but the few songs i listened to, had only the speed.<br />in my opinion, if you like want to try these, i would most definately check out In Flames beforehand, they are 5x the band Lamb of god is!<br />just my opinion tho
B0001AP12G|5.0|Everyone that still thinks that Jay-z is the person keeping the Roc-A-Fella alive.... think again.... It's this LV wearing college dropout.... if i were to break this cd down?<br />We Don't Care - 3.5/5 - if there was any album fillers in this cd, this would be the one song.  But it does give a balance between some of the harder tracks on this cd.<br />Graduation Day - 4.7/5 - I loved the way the beat ended, it's awesome when Kanye puts some violin flavour in his songs.<br />All Falls Down - 6/5 - Lyrically, this is the best song on the cd in my opinnion.  If your not a great rapper, its still a thrill to just rap the last word to each punchline, and Syleena Johnson performs an amazing hook.<br />I'll Fly Away - 4.1/5 - Fun rendition of P. Diddy's (I'll Be Missing You), well, the chorus anyways, which was performed by Faith Evans.<br />Spaceship - 5.3/5 - The beat his just incredible, another one of perfectly written songs by Kanye.  WARNING: This song may need to be heard several before true appreciation.<br />Jesus Walks - 7/5 - Right from the start of this song, he has caught your attention.  A little too religious for my taste, but nevertheless one of favourite songs on the cd.  This song may remind you of Nas's \\"Hate Me Now\\", has a similiar flow.<br />Never Let Me Down - 5/5 - Vintage Kanye.  Jay-z delivers some good verses, but the most noteable thing is the great sample of Micheal Bolton's \\"Maybe It's The Power Love\\".<br />Get Em High - 4.6/5 - This song is good, but it is just clouded over by the other great songs.  The beat is a bit TOO reptitive, and I have no idea why Common is on this song.  He's too goody goody to be in a song called \\"Get Em High\\".<br />The New Workout Plan - 5/5 - Absolutely an incredible track.  For some people, this song may sound like Britney's \\"Me Against The Music\\" which was produced by Kanye as well.  Blends well with the other songs, it also shows his diversity.<br />Slow Jamz - 10/5 - I loved this song the first time I heard it, and I'm still in love with this song.  First, Luther Vandross is one of favourites, and I was always hoping that Kanye would make a song like this.  And he picked the perfect people to do this song way.  This is the kind of song, U DON'T REMIX!  I don't care if your P. Diddy, R. Kelly, Lil' Jon or whoever.<br />Breathe In Breathe Out - 2/5 - Eeee.  Ludacris?  He's just too played out.  This is by far thee worst song.  With the except of the \\"P.H.D\\" line, this song is terrible!<br />School Spirit - 3.1/5 - Once again, nothing special.  It has a OK hook, some OK verses, and a OK sample.<br />Two Words - 4.7/5 - Not really a chilling song, but it shows some more sides of Kanye.  And I'm also a huge Mos Def fan, because Mos Def is the definition of everything that is not WHACK.<br />Through The Wire - 10/5 - THEE most underrated song.  If you pay attention to the lyrics, this song is tha bomb!  Like 50 said, 99 percent or.... in the high 90 percent of rappers are liars.  Kanye is not a liar.<br />Family Business - 4.2/5 - Similiar to \\"We Don't Care\\".  It's kind of a album filler.  But there has to be some of these.  Kanye is just making sure you get your money's worth.<br />Last Call - 8/5 - A little bit of corporal butt kissing, but, like most thing Kanye does, there's a little humour in it.  It's a great way to end this incredible album.<br />In conclusion, Kanye's album is a not a album that you love and grow out of, it's a album that you like, and grow into, like an everlasting marriage.
0385336810|5.0|This was an amazing book. I love Sophie Kinsella's books. This book is about a woman living in England. She spills all of her secrets to a man who she thinks she will never meet again...until he shows up at her offices. What will happen? What will narrator Emma do? Read this great book to find out! I recommend this book to female teens and adults.
0790733226|1.0|This film is filled with absurd factual and scientific inaccuracies that are an insult to any remotely educated individual.  Even an introductory course in Physics will allow for the dismissal of a large variety of claims made here.  Worst of all is the presentation of fiction as fact, which discredits all fields of science and aids in spreading ignorance.  Clearly this movie is meant to be a tool for religious doctrine.<br />Contrary to the movie's disturbing claims, the percentage of people who believe in a spiritual being is NOT 95%.
B00007BHOE|5.0|This cdvd is the best... it hasnt got 100 songs... its got less but bettar ones1 It fetures over 20 minutes of non stop hedbangking akshun... the best around too... I love its specail Its a really fun axperence if your are 11yers of age lake me... it was like a rouler koster ride of a leaf time! I totally enjoyed it and I think I will too... so I reccommend that you buy ut... simply because I luv it... it roks.. tatolly rocks! DUDE! I got to love it!
B00009V7PJ|4.0|I absolutely love Cher and the music world would definitely have lost a true Diva! But to be fair, the Farewell Tour pales in comparison to the Live in Concert DVD. For one, I thought she had more fun doing the Live in Concert DVD. She was more relaxed and her vocal crisper. The choreography and theatric production was also more creative and fun. With the Farewell DVD I think there was a feeling of trying too hard to make it her best ever concert, so as to leave a legacy, that she forgot to let herself loose fully. But Cher being Cher, the production was still good. But a true fan would know the difference. Not that it matters, since any true fan, like me, would have bought both DVD anyway!
B00008H2LB|1.0|I fought this cdd was goinna roack simplee becauz this band is got the ferst word spelled wrong... its lookes koolr lake thet do not't get me wroung... Linkin lakes so much better than Lincoln... the &quot;L&quot; doesnt even make noise... I meen come oun... thats just stopid... Lincoln is dumb... but anyway I think the L should be taken out... but Linkin Park was a godly bend until Chester turned into the bad side of musik hestoree.... thank about it... he just isnt that grey... he looks more green to me.
B00007BHOE|5.0|This is the best dvd ever! I've been a slipknot fan for about 7 months and i just got this dvd 3 days ago. I cant stop watching it! The 1st disk shows a concert in London which is amazing! Their concert is sic... The 2nd disk shows awesome music videos and more concert footage! I cant wait for their new c.d. I've already listened to 2 songs and its awesome. It comes out May, 25th. If you even like 1 song I can guarentee you that if you buy this you'll love it!
0140544518|5.0|Aside from being funny and having great illustrations,this book has value in showing children that there are two sides to every story.I wouldn't recommend this book for younger children, but older children and adults will definitely enjoy it. Another great book similar to this by the same authors is the Stinky Cheeseman and Other Stupid Tales.
B000002J09|5.0|Released in 1971, Led Zeppelin was already gaining ground as one of the bestselling bands of their time, but this album changed everything, thrusted Led Zeppelin into the limelight and solidifying their place in Rock 'N Roll history. This album, which spawned the massive hits Black Dog, Rock 'N' Roll, The Battle For Evermore, Misty Mountain Hop, Four Sticks, and When The Levee Breaks. Also you might remember a little song Stairway to Heaven, which was never released as a single yet still is the Most Played Song On the Radio of All Time. Even if you ask Nu-Metal freaks about this album, they will praise this album because they consider Stairway to Heaven the most influential song of all time! With Robert Plant's Banshee voice that doesn't go over the top, Jimmy Page's remarkable guitar playing, John Bonham's rythmic drumming, and John Paul Jones much-copied bass notes, Led Zeppelin IV stands as one of the greatest albums ever.<br />Song Overview:<br />Black Dog: Great guitar riffs and Great Drumming back up Plant's eerie vocals. Great chorus! Gets slightly repetitive, but still Great!<br />Rock 'N Roll: Great Drumming from Bonham is the highlight of this song along with mature vocals from Plant. Guitar Riff gets old after a while. Too Bad they put it into a Cadillac commercial!<br />The Battle For Evermore: Without a doubt the most original and creative song on the album, incorporating a folk edge to the song. Takes a while to grow on you, but Plant's vocals are easily the best on the album.<br />Stairway to Heaven: Starting off with a a great flute solo, this song builds up to the epic finale. Plant remains perfect on vocals! Not much instrument playing until the end, but truly epic!<br />Misty Mountain Hop: Perhaps Page's best Guitar riff on the album, Plant lends his vocals to mold one of the most energetic songs on the album. Great Chorus!<br />Four Sticks: With almost the best instrument playing on the album, this song is only marred by an annoying synth solo towards the middle. Good chorus but sort of repetitive!<br />Going to California: The only song that wasn't a single, this song blends folk with a harpsicord behind Plant's cheery vocals. Easily the worst song on the album as it's very repetitive and boring.<br />When The Levee Breaks: Without a doubt the best song on the album, adding a slightly dark edge to the song with the phenomonal instrument playing from each member and with Plant's eerie vocals. Perfect end to a Great Album!<br />This album is definitely recommended to anyone who likes Rock, as most of the kids nowadays would probably appreciate the epicness of this album. Also recommended: Houses of the Holytowards the middle. Good chorus but sort of repetitive!<br />Going to California: The only song that wasn't a single, this song blends folk with a harpsicord behind Plant's cheery vocals. Easily the worst song on the album as it's very repetitive and boring.<br />When The Levee Breaks: Without a doubt the best song on the album, adding a slightly dark edge to the song with the phenomonal instrument playing from each member and with Plant's eerie vocals. Perfect end to a Great Album!<br />This album is definitely recommended to anyone who likes Rock, as most of the kids nowadays would probably appreciate the epicness of this album. Also recommended: Houses of the Holy
B00000I07R|5.0|You'd be much better off if this was the disc you chose. (6 million stars, but I seem not to have been able to find that voting option).<br />Let's get right to the heart of the matter, shall we? On &quot;Keep the Faith,&quot; one of the best albums ever recorded (if not the best), &quot;Dry County&quot; is one of the best songs ever (if not THE best). It is an auditory testament to a) how good this band can be, b) the concept of perfection, and c) the purpose of music on Earth. A doctoral thesis could be written on the purpose and power of the near 10 minute epic in the haunting key of d minor that sits at the number 7 track position on this recording, and I am hard pressed to not start writing one here. But I need to get through the whole album in 1000 words...<br />You've got Stairway, Freebird, Layla, Bohemian Rhapsody, and a simple answer as to why LESS than 2 million people of the entire American population are lucky enough to possess the knowledge that &quot;Dry County&quot; is pretty much the peak of musical epics: it was written by a) Bon Jovi, b) an &quot;80's band&quot;, c) an &quot;80's band&quot; in the NINETIES, and d) never released as a domestic single, thus not generating the grape-vine mystique that safe, ridicule-immune &quot;70's bands&quot; wound up scooping up with all of their &quot;legendary&quot; anthems. For the last time: Bon Jovi, for all of their popularity, will always be under-respected, and there's nothing cheesy about any of this.<br />If you read on, you may learn something before slamming this review for being narcissistic and preachy. &quot;Keep the Faith&quot; was an album released on November 3, 1992. Only Jovi and Aerosmith (with the tail end of the GNR train) were surviving into the era that was the beginning of the still-obvious crash of quality &quot;commercial&quot; music as we know it. The most important thing for any Jovi supporter to know is that this album, albeit without any real marketing effects of the &quot;Dry County&quot; epic, was a huge reason for the band to be able to still be calling their careers a success into their THIRD decade now. Smash hit single &quot;Bed of Roses&quot; pushed album sales hard (and appropriately, as this song itself is a 6 minute artistic and commercial triumph), as well as did lesser, more &quot;supportive sellers&quot; but equally great pieces of music, &quot;In These Arms,&quot; &quot;I'll Sleep When I'm Dead,&quot; and the title track. To my immense shock, only 2 million copies have been moved. What's more, many regard Bon Jovi's career as largely dormant in the 90's! That, coupled with people saying this is ok but no &quot;classic&quot;, has me yet again scratching my head at the general public. Who and what defines &quot;classic?&quot; anyway?<br />But Jon, Richie, David, Tico, and Alec did make some noise with this masterpiece, keeping their reunited heads above the debris-filled undertoe called the 90's. Being big as ever outside of America, their touring (allowing the public to see a more rocking, jamming and driving side to them) fueled their stance at not being an 80's throwaway. And for all the people who hate Bon Jovi, they couldn't stop this band from achieving something VERY lucky and VERY deserved: for the next few years, Bon Jovi stuck to their guns and cohabitated with all the other bands that were essentially Bon Jovi's antithesis. Somehow, they survived the public execution of the rest of the &quot;80's bands&quot;, and from those battle scars, they now have carte blanche to make music to the end, big sellers or not. So that, boys and girls, is how the catchy but thin &quot;It's My Life&quot; single and &quot;Crush&quot; album were able to still have a shot with record company promotion and make some people aware for the first time of a Jersey band known as Bon Jovi...20 years after the fact. Well, better late than never to have a 3rd comeback.<br />The specifics:<br />There is no filler on this album. NONE. There is creativity and emotion of the highest level. If you are one of those people who finds Bon Jovi to be just a bit too light for you, this is your album (Check out the metallic thomping on &quot;If I Was Your Mother&quot; and &quot;Fear&quot;). If you are a sucker for the ballads, this is your album (Aside from &quot;Bed of Roses,&quot; &quot;I Want You&quot; is perhaps their best ballad ever, a template for the derived future hit &quot;Always&quot;). If you respect Richie but aren't big on Bon Jovi, this is your album (&quot;Dry County&quot; and &quot;Keep the Faith&quot; have the most ungodly solos you'll ever hear). If you prefer their bluesier moments, this is your album (&quot;Little Bit O Soul&quot;).<br />THE DIVERSITY - I NEVER get bored of this album, over a decade after when it came out (I bought it on the release date). It's respectable for musicians to do different things - it's nothing short of divine if it all comes together and actually works.<br />I know it sounds shallow to judge something the &quot;greatest ever,&quot; and I do know there's a huge difference between one's FAVORITE and what one considers to be the BEST.... but I don't use those terms loosely. I can't believe how few people give this album the royal treatment it so earnestly deserves. And especially the critics! Never trust them anyway, but it's heartbreaking to read how ignorant some people are atleast in one area, that being the band that is Bon Jovi. Not so long ago, this album was huge. Now, between &quot;Livin on a Prayer,&quot; &quot;Always,&quot; and &quot;It's My Life,&quot; all of the sudden it's one of their LESSER KNOWN(????). I'm just righting a subjective wrong - and with words, not bombs. Just goes to show you what's up with this crazy messed up world we live in, from the small scale to the grand. Keep the Faith.<br />Email me if you feel the same way.
B000001DQI|5.0|-not much of a music expert, here.  However, I know what I like.  And, keep coming back to this recording from time to time and it still amazes me (the talent of diversity).  Must have owned at least a dozen copies from LP to cassette to CD.  This may sound cliche..., but great pop music keeps sounding good year after year.  First heard it when I was a mere 9 years old & still enjoy it, today.  This CD is definately worth your time & money.  It's pretty much got something for everyone.
B000063DIH|2.0|sorry but I think it realy sucks it was the first iron madien cd I ever got and it almost made me think the band sucked. it is 2 slow for me and my metal needs.
0345420128|5.0|First of all, the idiot that said LaBerge based all his theories on Freud... he goes out of his way to say the exact opposite.  He MENTIONS Freud, but by no means is he putting Freud on some sort of pedestal.  It's pretty clear he didn't finish the book.  Or more likely, he probably didn't read any of it.  Moron.  Anyway, I'll make this short since most of you have probably stopped reading to watch the next Nascar event... and i'll dumb it down a little.  Good book.  It works really really good.  and it's fun.  and good.  and very deep and stuff.  and the paper tastes good.  Dreaming is fun.  Yay!
B00005QGAT|5.0|Absolutely amazing! the only complaint I would have is that there aren't more songs of this caliber on the CD. The songs are amazing, Michael is such an fabulous musician, there are almost no words. At this very moment I have Working Day and Night playing in my head, the songs are catchy and very dancable. Personally, i found the home demos quite amusing becuase you can hear a little of Randy and Janet arguing in the background.  It still amazes me that anyone could write this great of music! YOU NEED THIS CD TO BE COMPLETE AS A HUMAN!!!!!!!!!
B000000993|5.0|Undertow was my second Tool CD.  I bought it in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland.  I threw it into my CD player and started listening.  It was a bit different than what I initially expected, but good none the less.  Now, a little over a year later, it's become one of my favorite albums of all time.  <br />And now I have a year's experience with all the songs.  Maybe my tastes will change again, but these are what the songs mean to me.<br />Intolerance - About Maynard's days in the army, Intolerance kicks off the CD with gut wrenching time signatures and very cool bass and guitar lines.  The drumming is a tad less than I think what Carey can really do, but Tool's evolution came after this CD.  It's very metal, but with a unique voice. 8/10<br />Prison Sex - Easily my favorite song on the CD.  The opening guitar part is so simple, but when combined with the drum and bass part a few seconds later, it becomes a real classic with Tool's style nowadays.  The incredible lyrics are some of Maynard's best, and his take on child abuse makes it feel like you're getting abused.  It's an astounding song with an astounding video. 10/10<br />Sober - I really liked this song at first, then I started to drift away from it, but now, I'm starting to get back into it.  Everything is so simple, but so carefully combined, that it's like really being drunk on Christianity.  I love when Maynard takes the chorus up an octave.  \\"Trust me!\\" 9/10<br />Bottom - This song has really cool lyrics and very fast, cool guitar.  The lyrics that Maynard throws in are amazing, and then when the song slows down, it really picks up.  The spoken words combine well with the intensity later on in the song.  Wonderful. 8/10<br />Crawl Away - Though not as musically inclined as Tool may be most of time, this song still has really really amazing guitar and vocal parts.   My favorite part is when the double pedal kicks in and Maynard yells \\"Savior!\\"  It's an incredible song. 9/10<br />Swamp Song - This song has cool lyrics and a very cool guitar part, but other than that, it's not much of a song for Tool. 7/10<br />Undertow - My second favorite song on the album.  I can't think of any way to describe it. 10/10<br />4 Degrees - This song is a real change of pace for this CD.  It's much slower and even a little acoustic.  It has very cool lyrics combined with very very cool bass and drum parts.  8/10<br />Flood - Sort of a crappy build-up.  After four minutes, it gets a little better. 7/10<br />Disgustipated - Funny lyrics to begin with.  Kind of an African drum beat combined with weird haunting lyrics.  8/10<br />It may seem to you that I gave this kind of a shabby review, but if you buy the CD it's worth every single penny.
B00003CXXM|5.0|This film seemed to vanish quickly, so easily confused with about a dozen lesser films about spies and rampant covert operations. That's a shame, because this one is a cut above the rest that may have to wait a few years to get its due.<br />If you like spy films, or just well made action films that don't fizz at the end, you really should add this one to your collection. It's from the Robert Ludlum book, all about a highly and expensively trained covert agent suffering from amnesia. What this film has going for it is the following:<br />Director, Doug Liman, demonstrates an expert hand at action sequences. When master killing machine, Jason Bourne, senses something isn't right, Liman's expert film making begins to ratchet up the tension almost subconsciously. By the time the action comes, the viewer has been expertly brought to the edge of his seat. These action sequences build to a perfect climax of violence that is always satisfying. The fight scenes are among the finest I have seen in any recent film. There is nothing in this director's resume to suggest this, but trust me; he knows what he's doing. All the action has real weight and danger, which is an almost specialized talent for directors. Think Walter Hill. Thing Sam Peckinpah.<br />This movie also has brilliant, believable performances all around.<br />First and foremost among them, Matt Damon simply does everything right in this role. In an action film, often the lead isn't called upon to do a lot of top drawer acting, which is fine. Being believable in an action scene is talent enough, in my book. But in this role, Matt Damon is required to do some old-school, plain old acting, and he more than meets the challenge. See, the hook of this film is the main character, Jason Bourne, is waking up from an amnesia fog and slowly discovers his immense, instinctive prowess as a killer/agent. So the actor must make a shift now and then from moments of confusion and innocence to complete mastery of any physical situation. In addition, the character is slowly coming to the conclusion that the memories he has of his passed life, he no longer wants. In short, he does not want the life he is remembering. Damon is very touching in these scenes, and his acting is very, very solid. His performance here, and in The Talented Mr. Ripley, is so good it makes you wonder why he hangs around Ben Afleck.<br />Franka Potente, the actress who plays his romantic interest, is such an incredible actress. She is simply a pleasure to watch, and she always brings such authenticity to her roles. She is no model turned actress, this one. She demonstrated her action/acting chops in Run, Lola, Run, a few years ago, and it was a brilliant move casting her here. She is simply beautiful in a very unique way, and she can act the socks of the current crop of female leads. Potente always looks in place in al her roles, and it's a damn shame she doesn't get more work.<br />Finally, the smaller parts shine as well. My favorite being the assassin sent to kill Bourne, played with black-eyed menace by Clive Owen. It's a very small part, but crucial, and Owen makes the most of it. Also, the always reliable Chris Cooper and Brian Cox are on board as the sinister, competent bosses of the covert operations.<br />This is really a great addition to any action DVD collection. -Mykal Bantasituation. In addition, the character is slowly coming to the conclusion that the memories he has of his passed life, he no longer wants. In short, he does not want the life he is remembering. Damon is very touching in these scenes, and his acting is very, very solid. His performance here, and in The Talented Mr. Ripley, is so good it makes you wonder why he hangs around Ben Afleck. <br />Franka Potente, the actress who plays his romantic interest, is such an incredible actress. She is simply a pleasure to watch, and she always brings such authenticity to her roles. She is no model turned actress, this one. She demonstrated her action/acting chops in Run, Lola, Run, a few years ago, and it was a brilliant move casting her here. She is simply beautiful in a very unique way, and she can act the socks of the current crop of female leads. Potente always looks in place in al her roles, and it's a damn shame she doesn't get more work. <br />Finally, the smaller parts shine as well. My favorite being the assassin sent to kill Bourne, played with black-eyed menace by Clive Owen. It's a very small part, but crucial, and Owen makes the most of it. Also, the always reliable Chris Cooper and Brian Cox are on board as the sinister, competent bosses of the covert operations. <br />This is really a great addition to any action DVD collection. -Mykal Banta
B0000WN0ZK|4.0|Are we sure of what we see?  Or is what we see actually what we THINK we see?  Can we distort our perceptions in blowing up a photograph to expose a not-so-defined area and see something we think is something else?  The moral seems to be that like the game of tennis played with an imaginary ball by the rag week students in clown/mime makeup, is that we believe what we see, and we see what our perceptions tell us.<br />Michelangelo Antonioni's first English-language film follows Thomas (David Hemmings), a jaded and bored fashion photographer who depending on his mood, is brusque with his models, though he is civil with his Girl Friday, with whom he communicates on a two-way.<br />Things get exciting after he shoots a couple in the park and the woman demands the photos he snapped.  The scene where the woman enters his studio trying to get the photos he snapped of her is an interesting look at Antonioni's technique.  No, it's not the scene of her shedding her blouse, but the way Antonioni photographs the woman among the clutter in Thomas's apartment, signifying a claustrophobic and tense atmosphere played out in their cat-and-mouse game.  Clearly, the 60's was a time where established stars baring themselves was taboo.  Hence Vanessa Redgrave's placement of her arms over her breasts and her bare back shown in rear shots establishing that she is indeed topless.<br />The moments of near silence become more effective as the viewer is drawn into Thomas's developing the photos.  As he develops two photos in particular, he notices something in the way and direction the woman is looking as she embraces her lover.  The trips to the darkroom to blow up certain portions draws the viewer in, which mirrors Thomas's excitement.  For him, an artist, this is the moment, the present, the work in process.  The montage of photos, originals and blowups, is a highlight in this scene, as the photos tell a story.  And the things with blowups is a reminder of what Kennedy conspiracy theorists did with blowups of the Zapruder film frames, where they claimed a gunman's head and rifle could be seen in as in Zapruder Frame 413.<br />One interesting comment that arises is Thomas's visit to an artist friend's place.  The artist Bill remarks on a piece of Pollock-like abstract art that it's like a detective story.  Later, when Thomas shows one of his blown up photos of whom he thinks is a murdered man, Patricia, a woman whom he yearns for, says that it looks like one of Bill's paintings, completing the symmetry full circle.  So art, like truth, is totally dependent on our interpretation.<br />This film also benefits from Herbie Hancock's hip score, clearly very 60's, and the appearance of the Yardbirds, where they perform \\"Stroll In.\\"  There are a few closeup shots of Jimmy Page and where Jeff Beck smashes his guitar at the end of the performance.  The fashions of the time, such as the colourful Mary Quant minis and hairdos worn by Gillian Hills (the blonde) and Jane Birkin (the brunette), the latter who gained notice after the playful romp with Thomas.  Hemmings's character also sets the stage for his playing handsome but arrogant male leads such as in Barbarella and Profondo Rosso, where he's an artist of another kind.  Peter Bowles, who plays Thomas's friend Ron, would later find fame in the BBC series To the Manor Born, Rumpole of the Bailey, and The Irish RM.<br />A different kind of film, a hallmark of the stylish and swinging 60's of England, Blow Up has the Antonioni's trademark introversion, sparse dialogue, scenes of total silence, followed by bursts of louder scenes.  A classic period piece.s did with blowups of the Zapruder film frames, where they claimed a gunman's head and rifle could be seen in as in Zapruder Frame 413.<br />One interesting comment that arises is Thomas's visit to an artist friend's place.  The artist Bill remarks on a piece of Pollock-like abstract art that it's like a detective story.  Later, when Thomas shows one of his blown up photos of whom he thinks is a murdered man, Patricia, a woman whom he yearns for, says that it looks like one of Bill's paintings, completing the symmetry full circle.  So art, like truth, is totally dependent on our interpretation.<br />This film also benefits from Herbie Hancock's hip score, clearly very 60's, and the appearance of the Yardbirds, where they perform \\"Stroll In.\\"  There are a few closeup shots of Jimmy Page and where Jeff Beck smashes his guitar at the end of the performance.  The fashions of the time, such as the colourful Mary Quant minis and hairdos worn by Gillian Hills (the blonde) and Jane Birkin (the brunette), the latter who gained notice after the playful romp with Thomas.  Hemmings's character also sets the stage for his playing handsome but arrogant male leads such as in Barbarella and Profondo Rosso, where he's an artist of another kind.  Peter Bowles, who plays Thomas's friend Ron, would later find fame in the BBC series To the Manor Born, Rumpole of the Bailey, and The Irish RM.<br />A different kind of film, a hallmark of the stylish and swinging 60's of England, Blow Up has the Antonioni's trademark introversion, sparse dialogue, scenes of total silence, followed by bursts of louder scenes.  A classic period piece.
B0000WN0VY|5.0|This is an excellent record. Like others, I too find Rice to be reminiscent of David Gray, mainly of Gray's earliest recordings. I'd actually describe this record as David Gray meets Tom Waits, with a more ethereal tone than either of those artists. Rice has an unabashed emotional/sentimental streak (like Gray, and Waits as well, I suppose), and the production reminds me Waits' organic &quot;clanky&quot; style, similar to Waits' work on &quot;Mule Variations&quot; (in fact, both CDs have a track entitled &quot;Cold Water....coincidence? Probably).<br />But there are plenty of other reviews of the CD. I want to talk about the DVD. Is it worth spending an extra three or four or five bucks to get the &quot;Limited Edition w/ DVD&quot; version of this record? In a word, yes. In five words, yes-yes-yes-yes-yes.<br />The DVD contains three video tracks, with Rice performing with vocalist Lisa Hannigan and cellist Vyvienne Long. The songs are filmed in black-and-white, in a studio, and are alternate &quot;stripped-down&quot; versions of &quot;Cannonball,&quot; &quot;The Blower's Daughter,&quot; and &quot;Volcano.&quot; The quality of the videos is excellent, the sound is superb, and I actually prefer the sort of live, unplugged sound of these tracks over the album versions. <br />If you're any kind of a Damien Rice fan, this DVD is a must-have addition to your collection.
B0001ADAVK|4.0|The 1950's--a time of growth and prosperity in the US, but the Cold War had jump-started immediately after World War II.  Mona Lisa Smile is set in 1953, the time of the McCarthy hearings, I Love Lucy, and though not mentioned, the execution of the Rosenbergs.  Keeping up with the Joneses thus meant a time to conform to the conservative ideology of economic prosperity, where Victorian values regarding women had made something of a comeback.<br />Wellesley College in Wellesley, Massachusetts is a bastion of conservatism, and into this, from California, enters a new art history instructor, Katherine Watson.  She is a progressive person, and isn't too keen on the rigid curriculum, but she better watch out, lest she be cut down in one of the school editorials written by Betty Warren. A warning shot comes to her when Amanda Armstrong, the college nurse and boarding house mate, a lesbian, is dismissed for the harmless and progressive act of distributing contraceptives.<br />After a disastrous first day (imagine a class where everybody's Hermione Granger), Watson decides to shift the emphasis of her class to modern art, such as abstracts, culminating in an outing where she shows them a Jackson Pollock.  She tries to tell the students that conforming to the roles defined for them by Cold War culture is a dull, unfulfilling future of servitude.  The point of college is to enrich oneself, not a waiting room where one waits to find a husband and thus become entrapped.  Thus modern art represents the new era, a new way of defining art, such as &quot;is it art?&quot; or &quot;who determines what is art?&quot; which translates to &quot;is this fulfillment&quot; or &quot;who determines what is expected of women?&quot;<br />However, her progressive views aren't taken too well by the head of the college and she is told to tone down her liberal teaching methods.  And this also hits in the classroom in her conflicts with Betty, someone all too eager to conform to the woman's life of getting married as the good housewife and bearer of children.<br />It's the students as well as Watson who play a central role in the film.  Giselle is the most interesting and most liberated of all the students.  She has affairs with many men, including an instructor and even her analyst.  At one point, during the marital etiquette class, she makes a wisecrack that makes it clear she doesn't take conventional life seriously.  Another who has promise is Joan, an A student who protests getting a C by Watson.  Jo wants to go to Yale and study law, hoping she can squeeze in the one slot available to women every year.<br />The banality of conformism comes through in the Paint By Numbers sets, where one fills in the colours and can draw their own Van Gogh, ironic as Van Gogh's art defied convention.  Another subtle hint of the old school being dragged kicking in screaming into the postmodern age is the &quot;Istanbul&quot; number, where the lyrics state how the good old days are missed when Istanbul used to be Constantinople.  The way the old fogies are portrayed here, I was surprised they didn't long for the days when it was Byzantium!<br />I rolled my eyes at the roles Julia Roberts was in following her Oscar win in Erin Brockovich, but Mona Lisa Smile proves she's back on again.  Chalk this up with her better vehicles such as Pretty Woman and Notting Hill.Of the students, Maggie Gyllenhall shines out as Giselle, followed closely by Julia Stiles as Joan.<br />What comes out here is a movie showing women who are brave enough to defy convention despite fears of ostracization and do something else in a frightening Cold War America.getting married as the good housewife and bearer of children.<br />It's the students as well as Watson who play a central role in the film.  Giselle is the most interesting and most liberated of all the students.  She has affairs with many men, including an instructor and even her analyst.  At one point, during the marital etiquette class, she makes a wisecrack that makes it clear she doesn't take conventional life seriously.  Another who has promise is Joan, an A student who protests getting a C by Watson.  Jo wants to go to Yale and study law, hoping she can squeeze in the one slot available to women every year.<br />The banality of conformism comes through in the Paint By Numbers sets, where one fills in the colours and can draw their own Van Gogh, ironic as Van Gogh's art defied convention.  Another subtle hint of the old school being dragged kicking in screaming into the postmodern age is the &quot;Istanbul&quot; number, where the lyrics state how the good old days are missed when Istanbul used to be Constantinople.  The way the old fogies are portrayed here, I was surprised they didn't long for the days when it was Byzantium!<br />I rolled my eyes at the roles Julia Roberts was in following her Oscar win in Erin Brockovich, but Mona Lisa Smile proves she's back on again.  Chalk this up with her better vehicles such as Pretty Woman and Notting Hill.Of the students, Maggie Gyllenhall shines out as Giselle, followed closely by Julia Stiles as Joan.<br />What comes out here is a movie showing women who are brave enough to defy convention despite fears of ostracization and do something else in a frightening Cold War America.
0930289234|1.0|I rather liked Ror Schach, but I think the whole thing was rather overrated. Or perhaps, as some readers say, it's a bit dated.  It could easily have been much better when it was more current.  It just didn't really 'click' with me.<br />I prefer The Sandman by Neil Gaiman or the JLA series.
B00005JLEU|5.0|If Mononokehime got Miyazaki Hayao to a pinnacle in Japan, Sento No Chihiro takes him to even higher peaks.  Clearly Miyazaki's masterpiece, it's wins in the Berlin Film Festival and the Oscars is very much deserved, as it shows that anime can be imaginative, intelligent, and inspiring at the same time.<br />Chihiro is a whiny and petulant spoiled pre-teen brat who is clearly not looking forward to moving to a new city, a far cry from the responsible Satsuki in Tonari No Totoro.<br />A presumed shortcut takes Chihiro and her parents to a tunnel, through which they pass into an amusement resort that the father presumes went bust when the bubble economy collapsed.  The adventure begins when in a moment recalling Circe and Odysseus's sailors, Chihiro's parents are transformed into pigs, and she finds herself stranded in the spirit world.  Her only help seems to be Haku, a boy sporting a Prince Valiant coif and is valiant.  Humans are forbidden here and in order to survive, she must work for Yubaba, the giant-headed sorceress crone who runs the establishment.  Chihiro survives, but at the cost of losing her name, which becomes Sen.  Yubaba owns every employee here, body and soul.  Nevertheless, Chihiro/Sen still must get her parents restored to human form and return to their car by the tunnel.<br />She is also befriended by Lin, one of the serving wenches initially reluctant to work with her, and from her, Chihiro/Sen learns good manners, such as saying thank you, and how to work hard.  The way Lin and the other girls' eyes are drawn may be a reference to Chinese immigrants working unrewarding menial jobs in Japan, especially judging Lin's name.  Haku though becomes the focus of her attention at one point, to which she risks her job and safety when he's injured and close to death.<br />The bathhouse is a posh and decadent establishment, a Las Vegas for spirits who relax in baths and eat lots of good food.  Compared to other creature menageries seen in Star Wars or Return Of The Jedi, Sento No Chihiro features some imaginative, ghostly, and at times cuter creatures than anything from Jabba's palace.  They range in form, shape, and size, such as the giant radish god who nearly takes up an entire elevator cubicle, down to the cute soot sprites who lug the coal nuggets to stoke the boilers that keep the hot water coming.<br />A high point comes when a stink demon enters the bathhouse and its true identity revealed when first a bicycle and then other kinds of metal garbage is pulled from its side, also recalling the fable of Androcles and the Lion, but serving as a sad reminder of how rivers are used for dumping.<br />As for Kaonashi, the transparent and mysterious black creature who mutters &quot;uh&quot;, he seems to embody someone who wants to be useful or wanted to an impersonal and capitalist world.  He is able to produce the herbal tags Chihiro needs for a tub, and all he wants in return is friendship.  Chihiro recognizes that the bathhouse, with its greedy employees who abuse his powers, is bad for him and helps him get out.<br />The striking scene of the train filled with faceless spirit salarymen is the testament to the soulless and unrewarding corporate world.  These spirits could be anybody, but does anyone care or think they are real individuals?<br />Joe Hisaishi's trademark melodic and swelling piano score is put to good use as he did in the films Kikujiro and Parasite Eve among others.  And the soot sprites came out in Tonari No Totoro, but Yubaba and Kamaji are evolved characters from Castle In The Sky, where they were the sky pirates.<br />Miyazaki's masterpiece, in terms of story and animation, and with a character who really grows up to be a more responsible and loving person.  A recent favourite of mine!n Of The Jedi, Sento No Chihiro features some imaginative, ghostly, and at times cuter creatures than anything from Jabba's palace.  They range in form, shape, and size, such as the giant radish god who nearly takes up an entire elevator cubicle, down to the cute soot sprites who lug the coal nuggets to stoke the boilers that keep the hot water coming.<br />A high point comes when a stink demon enters the bathhouse and its true identity revealed when first a bicycle and then other kinds of metal garbage is pulled from its side, also recalling the fable of Androcles and the Lion, but serving as a sad reminder of how rivers are used for dumping.<br />As for Kaonashi, the transparent and mysterious black creature who mutters &quot;uh&quot;, he seems to embody someone who wants to be useful or wanted to an impersonal and capitalist world.  He is able to produce the herbal tags Chihiro needs for a tub, and all he wants in return is friendship.  Chihiro recognizes that the bathhouse, with its greedy employees who abuse his powers, is bad for him and helps him get out.<br />The striking scene of the train filled with faceless spirit salarymen is the testament to the soulless and unrewarding corporate world.  These spirits could be anybody, but does anyone care or think they are real individuals? <br />Joe Hisaishi's trademark melodic and swelling piano score is put to good use as he did in the films Kikujiro and Parasite Eve among others.  And the soot sprites came out in Tonari No Totoro, but Yubaba and Kamaji are evolved characters from Castle In The Sky, where they were the sky pirates.<br />Miyazaki's masterpiece, in terms of story and animation, and with a character who really grows up to be a more responsible and loving person.  A recent favourite of mine!
B00005JN02|5.0|This is a wonderful German-language film.  What amazes me is, it's so obscure in the US.  It's hugely popular in Europe.  \\"Good bye, Lenin!\\" is an improbable farce about an East Berlin family at the dawn of reunification.  Hannah is a devoted Marxist whose greatest pleasures are volunteering at Pioneer Camp and writing letters of protest to shoddy East German manufacturers.  Her son Alex covets the more \\"bourgeois\\" pleasures to be found on the West side of the wall.  But when Mutti has a heart attack and falls into a coma, her doting son will go to extremes to resurrect the defunct regime.  During the eight months that Hannah lay unconscious, the wall has fallen and her \\"Socialist Paradise\\" has forever changed.  But her doctors warn that the abrupt culture shock could kill the fragile invalid.  So Alex enlists the aid of mom's neighbors and students and even some of her heroes to carry out the illusion that everything is still the same.  Maintaining the hoax becomes frustrating as familiar products become scarce, but the big challenges are yet to come.  Soon gigantic statues of Lenin start coming down and gigantic billboards for CocaCola going up.  And how to explain the massive influx of \\"Wessies\\" into their neighborhood?  With the help of his friend, a brilliant film-student, Alex devises some absurd but convincing propaganda.  His efforts are both touching and hilarious.  For all its comedy, this film is very poignant.  We realize that, despite the awful conditions, life in East Germany was not entirely miserable.  Many of Hannah's neighbors are also poorly adjusting to the onslaught of capitalism.  And as Alex strives to protect his mother from the truth, he discovers that she has been concealing a devastating secret of her own.  Watching this film was a roller coaster experience.  I laughed, I cried, and I laughed while I cried.  It's just super.  Don't miss it, you'll love it too!
B0000AUHPG|5.0|ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST is a strong contender for greatest western ever.  Fans of the genre would be hard pressed to name any more than a handful of greater movies.  I can't add much to the positive reviews but an amen or two.<br /> I haven't read anyone's comments on the \\"extras\\" in the last ten pages or so.<br /> A number of people contribute to the commentary track.  They include John Carpenter, Sir Christopher Frayling, John Milius and some others.  I usually enjoy running the commentary track after having watched the movie, and this one is a little more informative than most.<br /> There are three documentaries on disk two.  They include interviews with Fraying, Milius, Carpenter, actors Claudia Cardinale and Gabriele Ferzetti, Bernardo Bertolucci and a few others.  They also include clips from interviews with Henry Fonda and Sergio Leone.<br /> An Opera of Violence (30 min.) is more or less a brief biography of OUATITW director Sergio Leone.  Nugget: Alan Cox relays the rumor that Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach and Lee van Cleef were approached to play the parts of the three killers in the opening scene.<br /> Wages of Sin (20 min.) more particularly about the filming of the movie.  Nugget: Leftover woods from Orson Welles' monumentally unfinished Falstaff movie, Chimes of Midnight, were used to build the railroad station and the Sweetwater mansion.<br /> Something to Do with Death (20 min.) talks a lot about the sound of the movie.  The term \\"amplified reality\\" is thrown around a few times.  Nuggets: The score was written before the movie was shot and the script for the three plus hour movie was only fifteen pages long.<br /> Locations Now and Then - A five-minute slide show of stills of location shots from the movies compared to new pictures of the same locations.<br /> Production Gallery - Another five-minute slide show of stills.  Most are taken from the finished film, but there are some shots of the actors getting made up and suchlike.<br /> Cast Profile - Typical profile of the five lead actors.  Does not include a detailed filmography.<br /> Original trailerl profile of the five lead actors.  Does not include a detailed filmography.<BR> Original trailer
B0001DI0FI|5.0|Imagine a movie that lasts more than two hours and during that time only shows the confrontation of two ships near the coast of South America. Sounds like a very boring premise, right? Wrong! Director Peter Weir has done an outstanding job in creating an exciting atmosphere and hooking the viewer throughout the duration of the film.<br />It is April 1805 and Napoleon has only one last barrier to cross in order to rule over Europe: the British Fleet. Lucky Jack (Russell Crowe) is the captain of the Surprise, an English ship sailing in the north coast of Brazil, when the Acheron, a French ship that outclasses them in speed and weaponry, attacks them. The Surprise, which was surprised by the Acheron, was saved by miracle of the fog, were they lost themselves preventing their doom. Now Lucky Jack has to decide whether to return home for repairs and reinforcements, or go after the aggressor and try to defeat this dangerous enemy. Obviously, Jack chooses the latter path, even against the advice of some of his nearest officers in rank.<br />One of the aspects that make this movie extremely interesting is that it reveals the way of living aboard a battle ship in the beginning of the nineteenth century. For example, the audience gets to see the relationship forged between these men and the rules of honor that determine their conduct. Among these rules, we can observe that the value of friendship is paramount.<br />This production of epic magnitude delivers what it promises: action, glorious settings, impeccable performances and a nail biting chase between to ships that become archrivals. In some aspects, the relationship between Lucky Jack and the Acheron reminds me of the one between Captain Ahab and Moby Dick. Finally, if you ever watched the America's Cup and rejoiced in the strategy that it entails, you will find yourself pleased with the amount of strategy involved in this battle too.
B000002IGV|5.0|During the bizarre American metal landscape of the early to mid 1980's, Twisted Sister was on of the strangest bands. Dressed like women, with clownish face paint and garish hairdos, they were destined for success. For a little time anyway. After releasing two albums, Twisted Sister hit the big time with this one. It contains screaming, raw hard rock with a commercial oversheen. It includes the band's only Top 40 hit, We're Not Gonna Take It. That song is about kids rebelling against their parents and doing what they like. This same concept is in I Wanna Rock. The Horror-Teria double song set id weird, but VERY good. This is an amazing album from one of the best American bands of the early 1980's.
B000002LND|5.0|The title say's it all.  An immaculate collection from one of the best performers ever, included are her top singles, well, most of them, considering the number of hits this woman has, you'll probably need a boxed set to get everything.<BR>Buy it and be prepared to be entertained.
B000001FQQ|1.0|Hot in the Shade is not a good album.  By the time this album came out, Kiss was on the road of the hair-band trend and just went with the flow of bands like Bon Jovi, Warrant and Poison.  If you like those kind of bands you will probably like Hot in the Shade.  I on the other hand must say that I am not a fan of hair bands and find most of them to be shallow and boring.  Speaking of boring, this album is just that, boring!  If I had to pick which song I like the best, I'd say it would be &quot;Betrayed&quot; and even that is a longshot.  Hot in the Shade is for die-hard Kiss fans only!
0743454529|5.0|A fantastic read and a great book. I definitely recommend this book to anybody. It has a very surprising ending. Great, great book.
B000053VAZ|4.0|An enjoyable movie. Good acting, funny plot, and great characters. I thoroughly recommend this movie, especially to Johnny Depp fans.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|Gilmore Girls is one of the best written shows on TV. The loveable characters will draw you in and provide a great viewing experience for the whole family. Watching this show is like eating a big of your favorite potato chips with dip (except that Mrs. Kim would approve of the show.) <BR>The packaging, episode guide booklet and navigational menus pay tribute to the character oriented nature of the show by featuring largely unseen publicity shots of the characters. <BR>Upon insertion, the DVDs bring up to the main menu quickly and none of them include mandatory commercials. Menu navigation is clean and simple. The main menu has the typical repetitious music which, no matter how charming it is the first time, quickly becomes irksome. The rest of the menus are mercifully mute.<BR>The menu easily allows all episodes on the disk to be played straight through as well as allowing individual episode and chapter selection. Unlike DVD sets from some other shows, the only chapter points are at commercial breaks. This is a shame because it's the little moments that really make Gilmore Girls special. Adding more chapters to make individual scenes more accessible would have been a simple way to add value to this set. Another omission is the ability to skip the \\"previously on Gilmore Girls\\" recaps which are common, especially in later seasons. Hopefully these things will be corrected in future sets.<BR>The set doesn't include any audio commentaries. Future sets probably won't either since WB won't pay anyone to do them and the actors involved are to high a caliber to donate their time to making someone else rich.<BR>The \\"making-of\\" special includes interviews with the actors, producers Amy Sherman-Palladino and Daniel Palladino, and the director of the pilot. It is nice if for no other reason than to put faces with the names that appear in the writing credits for so many episodes.<BR>\\"Gilmore goodies and gossip\\" is basically the episode \\"Rory's Dance\\" with pop-up video type background on the actors and explanations of the various references.<BR>\\"Gilmore-isms\\" is a collage of some of the shows crazy references.<BR>\\"Deleted scenes\\" consists of scenes cut from 3 different episodes. They are poorly prefaced and give the impression that they were added just so that the studio could advertise the set as having deleted scenes.<br />In summery: the price is steep and the extras are few but, as with all good shows, the episodes themselves are the selling point that really matters. I recommend this show to everyone.
B00005K3OT|3.0|A cute story. It is worth seeing, but I would not recommend buying it. It is funny and touching at times, but not fabulous.
B000002UA7|4.0|The attractive strangeness of 'wuthering heights' is the reason for this purchase.  The singing matches the novel's original obsessive madness.
0060925000|5.0|I think I have become a connoisseur of everything Indian.I first became interested in the writings of Indian authors when I read, &quot;What the Body Remembers&quot; by Shauna Singh Baldwin. I realized there was a whole culture about which I knew very little. I went on to seek out other books by Indian authors and have never been let down.<BR>Vikram Seth writes beautifully of people whose culture seems so different from American or modern European cultures.Again, as in the book by Singh Baldwin, each member of a family has their place and their specific duties to each other. Daughters marry men chosen for them and sons, whose fathers have died, support mothers and younger siblings. Pain, frustration and unhappiness fester below the surface of each person's heart but most do not let their feelings show.<BR>Mr. Seth goes back and forth between traditional older family members set in their ways, and the younger generation who have strong desires to be thought of as modern and not tied down by superstition or the religious beliefs and subsequent prejudices of their parents.<BR>His characters stay with you and you may almost find yourself wondering how the newlyweds, Lata and Haresh, make out in life, if Meenakshi will ever settle down in her marriage, and if the sensible Pran and Savita can, by their example, help the varied members of their extended families to stop worrying and enjoy what the Gods have given them.<BR>It is a long read but a very full and enjoyable one. As with any good author, Vikram Seth makes his characters live in your mind (you'll find yourself imagining what they look like and how they're dressed)and become people you would want as friends and neighbours. My advice? Buy it and take a mental trip to India.
0743244257|3.0|I was fortunate to read End Zone in the year of publication. Great Jones Street, et al - I've been on board. Even attended the Underworld book tour appearance in Los Angeles. Plus he's Italian.<br />The voice I hear in his latest, is Don DeLillo's chronological one; not that of a 28-year old. Not even close.<br />Another poster has made the comparison to Bret Easton Ellis; I too felt his shadow fall on these pages (despite the dedication to Paul Auster).<br />I would recommend the reading of this book. It's only that you are getting the up-to-date DeLillo.<br />Similar to the great improvisers of jazz, a musician peaks, levels-off and 'the sound of surprise' is 'ner more.
B0000E1WKE|5.0|This album is so awesome! I simply cannot wait until Whitney releases her next album with Clive Davis. It will be so good! Whitney Houstoun is very beautiful and talented. I just read that she is out of rehab and working on her next album. This is wonderful!
B000002LLC|5.0|For this album, Madonna goes back in time to a completely different musical age - the 1940's, when pop music was very different, although the 1940's style is obscured somewhat by a 1990's production. This is a light-hearted album, more in keeping with (though very different from) the song-and-dance music that Betty Grable did than the pop music of Dinah Shore or Jo Stafford. Some songs are covers of songs from that period but most are original songs written in the style of the time, even including some novelty songs that you either love or hate. Madonna's big hit of the time, Vogue, was added to the album to help sales but it doesn't really blend in.<br /><br />Stephen Sondheim composed three of the songs, these being Sooner or later, More and What can you lose - a duet with Mandy Patinkin. Madonna's performances on these songs are impressive. Of Madonna's own songs, Hanky panky and Vogue were huge hits but the outstanding song is Something to remember, which later became the title track of a compilation of her ballads. He's a man and Back in business are also wonderful. I also enjoyed Cry baby but I can imagine that some people will not like this at all. Madonna did not write the two other original songs - I'm going bananas (a slightly silly but entertaining novelty song) and Now I'm following you parts 1 and 2 (a lot of fun but definitely not a novelty).<br /><br />I had to play this album a few times before I really appreciated it, but I liked it more with each listen. Although this album is just for fun, Madonna's covers of the Sondheim songs suggest that she could record a serious jazz album if she ever wants to.<br /><br />This is not like any of Madonna's other albums so some of her fans may not like it. At the same time, I'm not sure that it will win her any new fans. Nevertheless, this is a fascinating album that proves just how versatile Madonna really is.
B00008S2VG|4.0|Pass on the album and stock up on the singles.  In the hands of the right mixer, including no less than the likes of Paul Oakenfold, Peter Rauhoffer, Victor Calderone, Above & Beyond, Deepsky and others, these mediocre half-baked nu-skool-wanna-be tracks really come to life.  &#34;Hey, Mr. DJ...&#34; ============================ I'm writing an addendum to this review more than a decade after it's release and in the process I upped my rating by two whole stars.  The remixes are beyond awesome and frankly the album cuts themselves are pretty good.  If you like Paul Oakenfold, Peter Rauhofer (God rest his soul, taken too early by brain cancer), Stuart Price, Victor Calderone, and Jason Blum (of Deepsky fame), then this album - especially its mixes - will rock your world.
B00005JMEW|4.0|The time spent viewing the first half of Tarantino's latest film floats by without notice.<br />Perfect timing, deft acting performances, and a visual style all to it's own are the highlights of the first half of Tarantino's latest film. Uma plays the perfect femme fatale as The Bride. Her low-key, yet intense, portrayal of a woman intent on revenge is believable and powerful.<br />The greatest accomplishment in Kill Bill has to be the timing. Not for a second are you catching the time on your watch, thinking about the cute girl who you saw at lunch today, or wondering why monkeys don't grow beards. Every minute, every scene, is filled with important story pieces and action. If there were ever a perfect action flick, this may be it.<br />But that isn't to say that the movie doesn't have any flaws. Guys may have a hard time trying to get their girlfriends to attend a movie as violent as Kill Bill; heads are decapitated, blood sprays liberally, and rape is a prominent theme in the film. The film may also pose a threat to those not accustomed to directing style of Tarantino. He quickly moves scene to scene, not often leaving the viewer to catch their breath- a style also seen in the work of Guy Ritchie.<br />Overall, Kill Bill is a very entertaining, and very violent, action flick that'll leave you on the edge of your seat waiting for volume two.
0425188809|5.0|I wanted to know the ending, but reached that 3 days ago, yet I'm feeling lost now that I've finished it.  A great read that put's you in such harmony with the protagonists that you feel a part of their story.  I loved it and wish the author had seen fit to produce a sequel.
0563524928|2.0|Generally I find Bill Bryson audio books a great way to distract myself while cleaning or doing other hideous things, but this one is the exception.  When I discovered that it was a 2-CD audio book, I assumed that it must be the abridged version.  Now I don't think so--the narrator talks so fast that I'm surprised the second CD was even necessary.  The charm of a Bryson audio book is its story-telling feel.  The auctioneer pace of this book lacks that particular charm.  I had to continually pause the book to catch my mental breath.  <br />The story itself lacks the charm of \\"In a Sunburned Country\\" or \\"Notes from a Small Island.\\"  After living for 20 years in England, Bill Bryson decides to take a road trip through America, beginning in Iowa where he grew up.  Unlike the other Bryson books, the author is overwhelmingly negative about almost everything he encounters.  In his other books, Bryson encounters oddities and odd people in a humorous fashion, sometimes even with delight.  This book is completely different, almost hostile.  If you are a Bryson fan desperate for a new Bryson book, you might enjoy it.  If you are not familiar with Bryson, try \\"Mother Tongue,\\" \\"A Short History of Nearly Everything,\\" or \\"In a Sunburned Country.\\"
B0000TB01Y|5.0|This cd is amazing.  It's one of the best broadway soundtracks I've ever heard.  I can't wait to actually see the show.  I got it yesterday and I've already listened to it all the way through six times.
B00004RJ74|2.0|I really didnt enjoy this movie, which surprized me, because im a huge fan of Quentin Tarantino.  I had high hopes when I rented it, but its just too creepy to finish.  I noticed that there were alot of sick things in this film, like the rape and murder of a hostage, Tarantino's character fantasizing that a teenage girl is telling him to eat her *****, and tarantino's notorious foot fetish pops up like a billion times.  But after all of thats over, and it finally gets to the vampires, its all one stupid gore fest.  And i dont even have a problem with gore, i mean its cool, but it was almost comical in this film, but not in a witty way.  Its like they made the movie and afterwards were like,\\"Oops!  I didnt mean for it to be that cheesy,\\" but it was.  And as for all of the sexual content, i could look past that in any other movie, but this film just seemed like an outlet for Quentin Tarantino to make all of his fetishes come to life.  Im giving it two stars just because i love Tarantino's other work, and Im sure that when he wrote it, he didnt mean for people to interpret the film like i did.  So, sorry to all of the \\"Dusk Till Dawn\\" fans, i just didn't like it.<br />(...)
B0000AKCLS|5.0|i cant stop listening to this cd. get it if you love blues and awesome guitar playing. Remember [...]
B000002H2H|5.0|Simply put Metallica is the greatest band ever!
B0000CNY5G|5.0|As you've probably read, it's hit or miss when you buy one of these. I took a chance for $4.00 at Boscov's, and won big. Packaging says &quot;Digital Gold Collection&quot; . Close-up photo of Brando on the cover, claims digital remastering and 5.1 &amp; Dolby surround. Transfer is good (a little soft, but so what?), and is letterbox.  I also picked up a copy of 'Boot Hill/They Call Me Trinty' by Leisure Entertainment that was lame-ass pan and scan (no mention of aspect ratio on either film's packaging, by the way), but I don't regret the $6 bucks for that one, because I'd have been happy to pay $10 for 'One Eyed Jacks'!<BR> Hope this helps you find a good copy!
0440224764|4.0|I think this is my favorite Grisham novel to date.  I like any book that has an ending I didnt think was going to happen.  Great Ending to an even greater book.
B000092T6M|4.0|Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves actually has a good, solid plot. Kevin Costner as Robin Hood didn't blend in too well when it came to his so-called English accent in my opinion. Other than that, though, the movie was pretty good. I'm not usually able to pay attention to a movie for more than two hours straight, but this movie kept my eyes glued to the screen throughout the whole movie. I haven't checked out any of the special features on the two-disc extended edition yet, but I'm hoping that they're going to be at least half as good as the movie was. So, if you're looking for an action-packed thriller with some gory moments, I strongly recommend that you purchase Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves as soon as possible.
B0000DIXDR|3.0|I have always LOVED this movie, spactacular for all the reasons everyone else enjoys it. But this DVD edition has odd menu music that I found distracting. The interviews, though updated from the collector's editon (which was better), were long-winded and unfocused. I found myself wondering when they were going to finish their point. There is a tribute to the director Emile Ardolino who died from AIDS in 1993. It was a nice idea with some good photos of him. But again the interviews were a little long. It seemed like they needed to do a bit more editing. They have also changed the original chapter selection scene titles for each scene. I thought that was unnecessary because the collector's edition version was just fine. Also, perhaps the most obvious missing piece was a missing interview with Patrick Swayze among all the updated interviews. I was disappointed with that.
B00006DEF9|5.0|Where to start?  Simply put, Singin' in the Rain is the premiere &quot;integrated&quot; musical in cinema history -- embodying the very best of Hollywood's post-war optimism, imagination and talent.  Many other musicals come close, but none quite as comprehensively captures the essence of the genre as does SitR.  When folks say &quot;they don't make 'em like they used to,&quot; SitR is the type of film to which they're referring.  Anyone having even a passing interest in this quintessentially American art form simply must have this film in their collection.<br />Technically, Warner has provided us with an outstanding Special Edition of Singin' in the Rain.  As for the feature quality, the transfer is, in a word, magnificent (&quot;Glorious Technicolor,&quot; for sure), and the remastered audio is a sonic delight.  As for extras, the feature disc contains a commentary track hosted by Debbie Reynolds that is well worth visiting, as well as some clips from the earliest &quot;talkies&quot; playing off of the feature's plot.  For me, the crown jewel of the extras provided with this SE is the documentary located on disc 2, which concerns itself with the films emnating from MGM's Arthur Freed Unit, and the people responsible for those efforts.  If you haven't yet developed a taste for the integrated musical, this documentary is virtually guaranteed to stoke the fires of interest.<br />Since the release of the SitR SE, Warner has continued to lavish loving attention upon its Special Edition releases and, in my opinion, now sets the standard for studio catalog releases.  Although I'm always excited to see new catalog releases from any studio, it is the Warner releases (SE or not) that set me to drooling.  SitR is a top-notch SE and of tremendous historical importance.  There is not a single reason to pass up this wonderful set.
B00005O438|5.0|Cujo, a st.bernard, gets bitten by a rabid bat and soon starts to manifest the symptoms of rabies. When a mother and her son get trapped inside their car with Cujo nearby ready to kill them as soon as they open the car door.
0618526412|5.0|Beautifully written and full of heart ache. It is a genuinely great book. Oprah is never wrong. Very highest recommendation.
0930289234|3.0|Science fiction is a chancy field to write in.  You speculate on how things are going to develop in the near future, and you gamble on factors beyond comprehension.  And sometimes your story is OTBE--OverTaken By Events.  That's exactly what happened to this deserved classic.  And now it's become old hat.<br />When it was new, it provided a new view of costumed superheroes.  With their reliance on law and order, but their willingness to disregard the legitimate establishment in pursuit of their goals, they are deeply conflicted people.  But Superman and Spider-Man had disregarded this reality up to that point.  Alan Moore was the first person to investigate the flawed identities of comic-book heroes in light of how human beings relate in the real world.<br />Superheroes are seen as rapists, serial killers, men and women with vendettas.  Or they're would-be actors looking to boost their profile.  Old grudges and doubts fester under the surface for decades, unable to find release and healing.  They suffer sexual dysfunction which affects their crime-fighting techniques.  And their defense of the old order against reformers and non-conformists leads to the stifling of honest forward growth.<br />Now that Wolverine and Wonder Woman have to deal with existential dramas growing out of their vocations, this attitude isn't groundbreaking.  A reader coming to this story from contemporary comic books will find the points, which had to be examined in detail when they were new and revolutionary, to be belabored now that they're commonplace.<br />There is supplementary prose material at the back of each chapter.  Some of this is interesting, such as the attempted overview of the history of organized superhero behavior.  Others, such as the lengthy history of comic books (supplementing a rather ho-hum pirate comic subplot), are easy to skip.<br />This comic series was groundbreaking when it came out, and it's worth reading for that.  If you want to know how comics shifted from the flat-colored hero worship of the past to the dark, conflicted material of today, this is the turning point.  No other work has been as influential in the art of comics.  But if you're looking for timeless art or new insights into human nature, this book is no longer your starting point.
B000002UV9|2.0|I liked this record a lot when it came out, but put it away in the early 90's and hadn't listened to it in ages.  After recently hearing it again, I now know why.  Queensryche's signature sound, though accomplished and distinct, simply doesn't wear well over the long haul.  Dated sounds, borrowed riffs, Geoff Tate's operatic vocals, and production values that make Phil Spector look like a minimalist, all conspire to consign \\"Empire\\" to its rightful place in the cutout bin.  <br />My main problem with Queensryche has always been Tate.  Sure, he can hit the high notes, but does he actually sing?  His range is astonishing and his delivery is unparalleled, but he manages to deliver every line with a minimum of emotion.  He's clearly trying to impress, and consistently fails to inspire.<br />The one exception is \\"Silent Lucidity,\\" which Tate delivers with taste, restraint, and feeling.  The song - unfairly but accurately described as a Pink Floyd rip-off - remains a guilty pleasure of classic stature, as chill-inducing as it was back in 1990.<br />The rest of the record is a bit of the hodge-podge; there are more Floydian gestures (\\"Anybody Listening?\\"), nods towards groove rock (\\"Della Brown\\") and \\"Mindcrime\\"-style omens of doom (the title track).  Individual moments impress, but almost every song contains a cringe-inducing hook or riff that instantly dates the material.<br />Nobody can question Queensryche's musicianship, but their effort to fuse progressive rock riffs with heavy metal sensibilities falls short of the standard established by bands like Rush.  Fans of the band or of prog metal will still like it, but modern listeners should stick to the far superior \\"Operation Mindcrime\\" for their Queensryche fix.
B00004YA66|5.0|*FREQUENCY*<br />I must say, I didn't know what to expect when I got this but, I sure am glad I got my hands on it. It's a very touching story about a mother, father and their son that hit me right in the heart. Without spoiling it for anyone I'll just say it's very much a sci-fi/thriller type movie. It keeps the sci-fi aspect very down to earth and plays more on human emotion and great movie drama. It's earned a permanent place in my DVD collection.<br />I just wanted to say that FREQUENCY is very good and very smart. I'll leave it at that.
0783240236|5.0|That quote used in my review title is from my favorite scene in 1963's \\"The Birds\\", Alfred Hitchcock's tale of nature gone crazy. \\"The Birds\\" stars Rod Taylor, Tippi Hedren, Jessica Tandy, and one of my favorites of all-time -- the beautiful Suzanne Pleshette.<br /><br />The underrated Miss Pleshette plays school teacher \\"Annie Hayworth\\" in this movie, and is just great in her part, IMO.  This was just the 4th movie role for the then-25-year-old Suzanne.  For Tippi Hedren, age 31 when the movie was shot in late 1962, \\"The Birds\\" was only her 2nd motion picture appearance (and first U.S.-made film).<br /><br />\\"The Birds\\" is all about how the whole bird world suddenly goes amok and begins orchestrating concentrated, unprovoked attacks on the population of a small California community.  Hitchcock (as usual) builds the suspense up, little by little, during the film. Despite the lack of computer-generated technology, Hitchcock still manages to create a quite realistic array of special effects, featuring hundreds of real and fake birds blended together in many scenes.<br /><br />As I said at the top, my favorite scene in this flick is not any of the various \\"attack\\" scenes -- but, instead, the nerve-racking, tension-filled \\"Tides Restaurant\\" scene (Chapter #12 on the DVD), which is dialogue-driven and very well done, and eerie, in my opinion.  The restaurant scene is made all the more believable and realistic by the casting of England-born actress Ethel Griffies as bird expert \\"Mrs. Bundy\\".  Griffies was 84 years of age when she made \\"The Birds\\". It was her 90th (of 92) films.<br /><br />Mrs. Bundy's presence in this scene (coupled with her character's \\"expertise\\" on all matters bird-related) roots the scene in \\"fact\\", and makes these \\"impossible\\" bird attacks on the town even more frightening. When Mrs. Bundy says that all the continents of the world \\"probably contain more than 100-billion birds!\\", it puts things in better context. And now the audience begins thinking: \\"Gee, what would happen if all of these birds attacked at once?\\"  A scary proposition indeed.<br /><br />This Universal \\"Collector's Edition\\" of \\"The Birds\\" was released initially on March 28, 2000 -- 37 years to the day after the movie premiered in theaters.  This single-disc, single-sided DVD delivers a finely-tuned Anamorphic Widescreen image, in its original theatrical ratio of 1.85:1. The print looks very clean and virtually blemish-free. Colors look natural and \\"warm\\".  The audio is in 2.0 Dolby Digital Mono (in both English and French).<br /><br />The Hitchcock series of Universal \\"Collector's Edition\\" DVDs all contain very informative (and virtually feature-length) documentaries.  And \\"The Birds\\" DVD is no exception. The \\"Making Of\\" program for this film is terrific. A very satisfying effort from the \\"featurette master\\", Laurent Bouzereau.<br /><br />Here's a complete summary of this disc's Special Features .................<br /><br />>> \\"All About The Birds\\" Documentary -- Lots of interesting behind-the-camera tidbits are offered up by the stars and crew in this featurette. Running time = 79 minutes.<br /><br />>> Newsreel Excerpt featuring remarks by Alfred Hitchcock (Run Time = 1:55) -- I love this extra bonus, for Mr. Hitchcock's droll, humorous comment to his audience regarding the title of his current film project.  He dryly utters: \\"There were three words in the title. But we cut the first word, \\"FOR\\" -- and call it simply 'The Birds'.\\" (This is followed by prodigious laughter from the \\"National Press Club\\" gathering. LOL!)<br /><br />>> Another Newsreel Clip, \\"The Birds Is Coming\\" (Length = 1:15).<br /><br />>> \\"The Original Ending\\" -- This \\"alternate\\" (and very intriguing) ending to the film was never shot.  But this bonus offers up some script pages and original sketches of what the scene would have entailed. This ending is also discussed in some detail during the \\"All About The Birds\\" feature on this disc as well.<br /><br />>> \\"Deleted Scene\\" --This, like the \\"Original Ending\\" extra, isn't a video bonus either. It details (through script pages and still photos) a scene from the original script that was never used in the final cut.<br /><br />>> \\"Tippi Hedren's Screen Test\\" -- This is really some cool stuff. A lengthy \\"test\\" featuring Miss Hedren acting out several scenes (which have nothing to do with this film) opposite Martin Balsam (who, of course, had co-starred in Mr. Hitchcock's previous picture, \\"Psycho\\"). You can even hear \\"Hitch\\" giving directions off-camera.  Video quality isn't very good and it hasn't been color-corrected, but it doesn't really matter here.  This is a fabulous bonus, lasting 10 minutes. I'm glad this was dug out of the archives for this DVD release.<br /><br />>> \\"Storyboard Sequence\\" -- This \\"Gallery\\"-like bonus shows storyboards linked with actual related film frames from the movie.  Nicely done.<br /><br />>> Original Trailer.<br /><br />>> Photo Gallery.<br /><br />>> Production Notes, plus Cast & Crew Bios (text features).<br /><br />The DVD's Menus are simple and \\"static\\", with the Main Menu accompanied by the only real \\"score\\" that shows up in this film -- the sound of flocks of birds (up to no good, of course).  It's quite amazing to think that this picture contains absolutely NO MUSIC whatsoever. Not a single note. But Hitchcock's previous effort, \\"Psycho\\", if placed in the same \\"music-less\\" state, would have been much less effective.  Can you just imagine \\"Psycho\\" without that Bernard Herrmann score?  Impossible!  And, by the same token, it's difficult to imagine \\"The Birds\\" WITH any music.  Just wouldn't \\"feel\\" right somehow.  Mr. Hitchcock worked wonders, with AND without musical adornment attached to his feature films.  I suppose that's part of the reason he was \\"The Master\\".<br /><br />The DVD has with it a 4-page booklet, with a Chapter List for the 20 chapter breaks on the disc; plus some personal notes by Alfred Hitchcock and his daughter, Pat (who oft-times popped up in small roles in her dad's movies -- although she was not in \\"The Birds\\"). This paper insert also re-produces five \\"Lobby Cards\\" advertising the film.<br /><br />For all Alfred Hitchcock aficionados, this DVD of \\"The Birds\\" is a must-have item. Fine picture quality, good bonuses, and .... Suzanne Pleshette, to boot.  What MORE do you want, for heaven's sake?!  :)This, like the \\"Original Ending\\" extra, isn't a video bonus either. It details (through script pages and still photos) a scene from the original script that was never used in the final cut.<br /><br />>> \\"Tippi Hedren's Screen Test\\" -- This is really some cool stuff. A lengthy \\"test\\" featuring Miss Hedren acting out several scenes (which have nothing to do with this film) opposite Martin Balsam (who, of course, had co-starred in Mr. Hitchcock's previous picture, \\"Psycho\\"). You can even hear \\"Hitch\\" giving directions off-camera.  Video quality isn't very good and it hasn't been color-corrected, but it doesn't really matter here.  This is a fabulous bonus, lasting 10 minutes. I'm glad this was dug out of the archives for this DVD release.<br /><br />>> \\"Storyboard Sequence\\" -- This \\"Gallery\\"-like bonus shows storyboards linked with actual related film frames from the movie.  Nicely done.<br /><br />>> Original Trailer.<br /><br />>> Photo Gallery.<br /><br />>> Production Notes, plus Cast & Crew Bios (text features).<br /><br />The DVD's Menus are simple and \\"static\\", with the Main Menu accompanied by the only real \\"score\\" that shows up in this film -- the sound of flocks of birds (up to no good, of course).  It's quite amazing to think that this picture contains absolutely NO MUSIC whatsoever. Not a single note. But Hitchcock's previous effort, \\"Psycho\\", if placed in the same \\"music-less\\" state, would have been much less effective.  Can you just imagine \\"Psycho\\" without that Bernard Herrmann score?  Impossible!  And, by the same token, it's difficult to imagine \\"The Birds\\" WITH any music.  Just wouldn't \\"feel\\" right somehow.  Mr. Hitchcock worked wonders, with AND without musical adornment attached to his feature films.  I suppose that's part of the reason he was \\"The Master\\".<br /><br />The DVD has with it a 4-page booklet, with a Chapter List for the 20 chapter breaks on the disc; plus some personal notes by Alfred Hitchcock and his daughter, Pat (who oft-times popped up in small roles in her dad's movies -- although she was not in \\"The Birds\\"). This paper insert also re-produces five \\"Lobby Cards\\" advertising the film.<br /><br />For all Alfred Hitchcock aficionados, this DVD of \\"The Birds\\" is a must-have item. Fine picture quality, good bonuses, and .... Suzanne Pleshette, to boot.  What MORE do you want, for heaven's sake?!  :)
B00001MXXH|4.0|One of the best teen movies of the eighties.  Ferris Bueller's Day Off is definately everything you want out of a teen flick.  Matthew Broderick is not one of my favorite actors but he definately delivers the smooth slacker role like no other in this movie.  Jennifer Grey does really good as the P.O'd sister.  The movie always makes me laugh and that is how I rate comedies.  One of the best.  I highly reccomend it.
6303182577|4.0|Woodstock was a great documentary. It had everything from split screen to wonderful music. The sound was great. So many bands in only 3days. It was a time where skinny diping and doing Pot and acid was ok and understandable. Police were not filling the jails with people who did drugs and broke laws. They were letting them be free and discover peace. Woodstock is something that will go down in history as a time of love and peace and understanding. In the end it was more then just the music it was the love and the way freedom brought it.
B00004T9UF|5.0|The biggest selling, and most controversial, rap album of all time was also one of the most haunting and captivating. From the very first song through the equally violent, psychotic, sadistic, wounded, angry, insecure, heartbroken, painful, and hilarious array of songs that follow it right to the very last one, Eminem makes it undoubtedly clear that he is the greatest rapper to emerge post-Pac and Biggie's death, and takes the hip-hop throne with an always up middle finger at his many critics. <br />Standout tracks: &quot;Kill You,&quot; &quot;Stan,&quot; &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; &quot;Marshall Mathers,&quot; &quot;Drug Ballad,&quot; and &quot;Criminal.&quot;
B00001SIES|4.0|With my favorite band being Radiohead and hearing all of the comparisons to an earlier Radiohead and Thom Yorke, I had to check these guys out.  Well, I am glad I did but if I had no preconceived notions concerning the comparisons to Radiohead and had no idea who this band was, I would assume this to be the third album by Ours rather than thinking for a moment that this was a \\"Radioheadish\\" band or a new band with a guest appearane from Thom Yorke.  That said, I really like their sound and as a fan of Ours, this album will certainly get a lot of play around the house and has reminded me that I need to pop in my Ours CDs a bit more often.
B00003BDXG|5.0|NATURAL BORN KILLERS is an aggressive, in-your-face, timeless bloodsoaked masterpiece. Man, this movie NEVER gets old! The power it has the first time you see it is EXACTLY the same power you'll feel when you see it for the eight or ninth time. This is one of those movies like REQUIEM FOR A DREAM that is just ridiculously AMAZING! It's hard to believe a filmmaker who's just a regular human being like everyone else could succeed so perfectly and astonishingly in capturing and showing every single message and critique he wanted to put in the forefront. Though it's sharp, audacious, angry, unapologetic, eye-opening satirical attack on the greedy and souless disgrace that is mainstream media, and the awe-striking way in which it constantly shows in so many different ways why the media is such a lying fear-promoting monster, is what makes it such a MONUMENTALLY important film, it would be brilliant filmmaking even without it. Stone has always been one of the most energetic, ambitious, and visually creative filmmakers in America, and he uses those skills to the max in this, the standout of his amazing career. Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis couldn't have nailed the psycho persona, and all the different emotional and psychological wreckage that comes with it, more DEAD-ON! But the real acting standout of this film is the wonderful Robert Downey Jr.'s remarkable, raw, unforgiving, explosively hysterical turn as media scumbag Wayne Gale. He may have a Robin Leach-like accent, but don't be fooled: There is no doubt that this is motherf**king Geraldo Rivera IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY! I'm surprised Rivera wasn't throwing the same disgraceful, disgusting, and shamefully self-righteous hizzy fit that the pathetic John Grisham threw, since the film captures (with a depressingly small amount of exaggeration) everything that makes Geraldo such reprehensible media vermin. To all the people who said this film was responsible for inciting violence: SHAME ON YOU! Isn't it funny that thevicious and dangerous moral and PC police always targets the best films? Like DOGMA, BOWLING FOR COLUMBINE and REQUIEM FOR A DREAM, this is one of the most socially conscious AND socially valuable films of it's time. And, like REQUIEM, it is a film that puts most filmmaking to shame and transcends the power of it's medium, thus becoming not just a great film but a terrific human achievment.
B000003TA4|5.0|I have read some of the negative comments about this album below, and all I have to say is &quot;Are you on drugs?&quot; <br />This is easily the most influential rock album produced in the early 1990's. All of the first few tracks are classics. <br />Like any album, the quality does dip a bit later on, but this is still one of the most consistently great CDs I've ever heard. It delivers one fantastic song after another. <br />Favorites? I love Lithium and In Bloom. The lyrics are just so profound. <br />Territorial Pissings is another postmodern classic, because of the opening when the Youngblood's 'Come Together' is screamed out in a disturbingly cynical manner. <br />If you only want one Nirvana album, this is without a doubt the best one to get.
B000023VR6|4.0|Though Eminem's debut THE SLIM SHADY LP was incredibly witty and funny and gave some hints of greater things to come, the real sign that good, real hardcore hip-hop was coming back was this: Dre's awesome, criminally underrated sequel to THE CHRONIC. In this album, Dre accomplishes too many things to list: He let's Death Row-loving haters know he's still the same old Dre in &quot;Still D.R.E.&quot;, he reunites with his legendary sidekick Snoop Dogg (who does his best post-DOGGYSTYLE work in the banging &quot;F!#% You&quot; and &quot;The Next Episode&quot;), makes it clear he still loves to have his sidekicks make you &quot;forget about dre&quot; (Eminem's verses in that song and &quot;What's The Difference&quot; are among his illest and most quotable lyrics ever), let's a bunch of supporting mc's get their chance to rip the mic for a couple of minutes in tracks like &quot;Housewife&quot; and &quot;Bang Bang&quot;, breaks the gangsta mood at the end of the album to deliver a deep and heartfelt eulogy to his murdered younger brother with the help of Mary J. Blige's hallmark vocals in &quot;The Message&quot;, and, throughout THE WHOLE ALBUMm with kickass beat after kickass beat proves why he is almost unanimously accepted as The Greatest Hip-Hop Producer Of All-Time, regardless how much time had passed between &quot;The Chronic&quot; and this album.
6305784116|4.0|My partner and I thought that this movie was great -- both when we were little and even now that we are grown up.  The kittens are adorable, the old lady geese are a riot, and the fun jazz playing dancing cat scene is fun.  It is a simple story line, which is sometimes nice.  There isn't a big moral of the story, which can be nice, too, sometimes. And I love how the mice and the cats are good friends. It is pretty innocent, fun, simple, and just an all around nice movie.  Cat lovers will especially like it, but all kids, big and small, should be able to appreciate it, laugh, and find all the animals funny.
B0001BKAEY|3.0|If anything, Revolutions is a satisfying end to the mediocrity offered up by Reloaded. However, let us not mince words. This movie is NOT the orginal Matrix. Whereas the first Matrix worked in combining cutting edge visual effects with deep philosophical questions (What is real? Are we in control of our own life?, etc.), by now it feels tired and spent. The movie is TOO awash in philosophical dribble that does not work. However, the action and CGI are top notch. The DVD is full of interesting extras, including plenty about how the CGI was done. The movie might not be up to the first Matrix, but the DVD is still worth having.
B00005JKNF|3.0|this movie would have been ok if ryan phillipe and his horrible attempt at a scottish accent wasn't in it. i hate that guy more than spiders. and i'm a person who really hates spiders. jerk.
0064407667|3.0|The first installment in A Series of Unfortunate Events books truly is a series of unfortunate events. I had received this book as a gift from my then-girlfriend for Valentine's Day. I never did touch it up until now, shortly after we had a sad, but manageanble break up. I found the events of the Baudelaire siblings very similar to the issue of abuse, albeit in a strained form of subtle humor.<br />The story begins on a dreary day, which is usually how tales of such sorts begin. Mr. Poe, the executor at the bank of the Baudelaire estate, approaches the three Baudelaire children, Klaus, Violet, and Sunny and tells them their parents die. He puts them in the charge of Count Olaf, a menacing distant relative who is an actor in a theater troupe. Olaf is cruel to the orphans, making them do extraneous chores, gives them only one bed, rocks to play with, and a curtain. He adds further to the paranoia by decorating his abode with carved eyes all over the place, reminding the children he is always watching them. He plans to do all he can to weasel their estate and use it for his own purposes.<br />Olaf is an interesting character who I have seen in many forms. Although the children try to outsmart him, he always finds a way to gain the upperhand, using violence if he has to. I've run into this type in my life... they are controlling, very controlling. They generally use fear and abuse to get what they want, and when that doesn't work, they usually work with kindness and trickery. Olaf's plan to win the Baudelaire estate (to reveal what it is would ruin the book) is such an example. He goes through cycles of abuse and kindness. When abuse doesn't work, he tries kindness. When kindness doesn't work, he goes back to abuse. I've ran into his type and that's the type I would like to slap.<br />I am surprised at the resources of the Baudelaire twins and how they deal with Count Olaf, Violet in particular. She is always studying her surroundings and reading up on things to get ourof the situations she does. In a lot of ways, she is like me. When I was depressed, I would always read up on things to try to get out of it. This book is one such example. It gave me ideas of how to deal with depression.<br />Although I didn't find this book that funny, I did find in it a simple tale of three children who are trying to overcome their evil guardian. I give it three stars because of the lack of enjoyment of the humor, but would give it more if it were more developed. It is a good story about how three youths deal with the issue of abuse.
0385043805|5.0|My friend recommended this book to me and so I decided to read it. It was a bit boring at first, then i got into it and i could not put it down! I recommend it to EVERYONE
B00001IVOF|5.0|It's perfect ! (One of) the best hip-hop cd ever. &quot;Animal Instinct&quot;, &quot;Hell On Earth&quot;, &quot;Drop A Gem On Em&quot;...
B00008DDSC|5.0|A quirksome little film focusing on the sublimated dominance / submission dynamic between the secretary and her boss. A girl fresh out of college takes on a job at an attorney's office where the two work out their latent sado-masochistic tendencies upon each other, and what may actually occur if certain business policies were not enforced. It  speaks to the fact that indulgence does indeed occur in office buildings frequently, for they are caves of the humanimal beast of the field after all, and nature will out no matter the environment.<br /> Here, it all starts with a typo - typo turns into `misbehavior', and eventually misbehavior turns into punishment  - a literal spanking ponderously administered which thereby evolves into all manner of colloquial humiliation and command mutually indulged, to the point where she would not even eat if it were not with his permission - and she was perfect - indeed, herself becoming her own little \\"Miss Behavior\\", at times purposefully mis-spelling a word, just to enjoy her grateful punishment at the hands of her domineering Master. It becomes so much a part of her sexuality, as she derived her E.C.I. with that first spanking, and reaches climax every time.<br /> But one day, the pleasures cease as abruptly as they began, to her profound disappointment, and she begs for her sweet punishments again. She attempts all of the usually methods of seduction - from gifts to cards to flowers, to a plunging neckline, but to no avail. Until finally, she realizes that she must do something `naughty' to attract his attention, subsequently a large worm in his mail, to which he draws a thick red line around it to mark her error, as he had been doing prior all along, like the authority figure she craves. This causes a reaction that was most unexpected indeed, as he satisfies himself with just the view of her bent over with her skirt hiked up and pantyhose pulled down. Finally, she is fired because he does not fully comprehend the sub/dom dynamic himself, and  henceforth abruptly fires her, leaving her isolated from the one she loves, despite the amorous attentions she derives from some spineless loser she had been seeing, whom she was about to actually marry, until her desperate passion eventually bade her to return to the office again at the last moment, where she proclaims her love for him. At first he seeks to remove her, but she remains adamant so he finally issues a command, that she remain at the table with her hands flat thereupon where he leaves her for three days during which she is \\"counseled\\" by friends and even clergy to cease, yet her love-filled determination bids her onwards. He finally releases her from her long-suffering, and carries her to a bathtub where he bathes her and loves her until she becomes his wife.<br /> So here we have seen the subconscious covert, transforming to overt expressions made with artistic license to cinematically exemplify the underlying relationship between boss and secretary, sexually subjectified, although such a scenario does carry strains of actuality, and is feasible after all, as relative to the D/s Lifestyle, and is portrayed quite well with the psychological fetish play.<br /> The film begins rather innocuously, becoming more and more interesting, building to a crescendo in the middle, drops off in disappointment, then gradually builds up again unto a most pleasing ending. Her infatuation and subsequent love is impressive overall, and they are both rewarded in the end.himself, and  henceforth abruptly fires her, leaving her isolated from the one she loves, despite the amorous attentions she derives from some spineless loser she had been seeing, whom she was about to actually marry, until her desperate passion eventually bade her to return to the office again at the last moment, where she proclaims her love for him. At first he seeks to remove her, but she remains adamant so he finally issues a command, that she remain at the table with her hands flat thereupon where he leaves her for three days during which she is \\"counseled\\" by friends and even clergy to cease, yet her love-filled determination bids her onwards. He finally releases her from her long-suffering, and carries her to a bathtub where he bathes her and loves her until she becomes his wife.<br /> So here we have seen the subconscious covert, transforming to overt expressions made with artistic license to cinematically exemplify the underlying relationship between boss and secretary, sexually subjectified, although such a scenario does carry strains of actuality, and is feasible after all, as relative to the D/s Lifestyle, and is portrayed quite well with the psychological fetish play.<br /> The film begins rather innocuously, becoming more and more interesting, building to a crescendo in the middle, drops off in disappointment, then gradually builds up again unto a most pleasing ending. Her infatuation and subsequent love is impressive overall, and they are both rewarded in the end.
B00000DRE1|5.0|Picture Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot;, then mix in equal parts of black hopelessness, utter despair, and soul grabbing lyrics.  Ouch....a true must have for any theme album fans.
B0000959N0|4.0|Another dark figure haunting since Draclinghood from the shelves of comic book fane, Dare Devil {played by Ben Affleck} travels high above through the night like some red demon, casting his fearsome shadow upon criminal wastrels throughout the concrete jungle.<br />Dare Devil is blinded by nuclear waste as a child, although the very same chemical which plunged him into eternal darkness also embued him with heightened senses. He derives his nomenclature and inspiration from a wrestling mentor who was murdered in a back alley by a sore-loser after a match, which then placed him on the road to the dark justice of vigilanteism. He subsequently becomes a lawyer, earning his degree by using braille to excel, and sets out to avenge a rape victim against a lowlife who gets away scott-free...or so he thought. He eventually meets up with &quot;Elektra Nasches&quot; {which in the movie sounds rather like &quot;electric nachos&quot;}, and after a spirited battle after exiting a restaurant in which he desires to date her, she marvels at his skills despite being a blind man, and eventually do begin to date.<br />&quot;Bullseye&quot; eventually appears, a bald hoodlum-type with target scarification on his forehead, who utilizes deadly metal spikes to make his point. Under the aegis of The Kingpin {who appears here as a muscular black man, not as the original obese caucasian}, manages to implicate DD as the murderer of Elektra's father, so she embarks upon avenging him, but is dispatched by her own sai by Bullseye {what a waste!}, who of course himself bites the dust.<br />I loved the effects in this film, displaying microscopic processes and the dynamics of Dare Devil's sonic sensibilities in action, which quite literally do provide him with vision and full awareness of the environment.<br />4/5 Black Candles.
B00006L3S3|4.0|This is not one of my favourite John albums. It's closer to his stuff on Double Fantasy than on anything else. He seems kind of happy on this album and his songs are more Beatle-esque than on other recordings. All the songs are very melodic...but in a great, instinctive John lennon kind of way. What is the problem? Nothing on here really stands out over his other stuff. Except for MEat City, which stands out as one of his few Solo career rockers. It's great actually. Surreal and brash. <BR>If you love John buy it. But don't expect angst and depression like on Walls and Bridges (which followed this 1973 release) He is writing nice songs at this stage, mostly to get away from that not so good album 'Sometime in New York City'. That sacrificed good lyrcis and melody for politics. This has a political song on it buts it's got a good melody - Bring on the Lucie. But it's songs like Intuition, Mind Games, Out of the blue, Ausumesen and  One day at a time which show an artist who is out of the limelight for the first time in ages, and is trying to make a nice album. Thats exactly what it is. Band on the Run, by Paul McCartney is better though, sorry to upset Lennon fans. Remember that I worship John Lennon but I think 1973 was one of Paul's few years to shine. <br />Mind Games is great but I put it behind Plastic Ono Band, Imagine and Walls and bridges. Mind Games isn't classic like those, it's just some nice songs by someone capable of much more. Like Bob Dylan between 1970-75.
B000000H6D|5.0|For those of eclectic musical tastes, here is something to sink your fangs into. This offers a carnivorous combination of Goth-Thrash Grind Metal that will take you through a brainblender. It is sprinkled with bloody fragments of several morbid styles, that will send you on a sonic tour into beautific contemplative depression, wild fits of head-banging fury, & powerfully-forboding chords of doom.<br />Dim the lights, ignite the candles, turn on the luc noire, & allow the writhing, sexotic sounds fill the air. The sensuous cantibles begin to float like serpantine incense smoke.<br />The overall atmosphere is that of vampyric & predatorial embiance, which is perfect to add to a darkly romantic evening with a lover. The music itself serves as an aphrodesiac.<br />From one emotionally-charged number to the next, Bloody Kisses is sure to stimulate & inspire deep subconcious feelings unto manifestation. If you are hunting for lustful satisfaction, this is a potent tool to establish a mood conducive to your wish. Just take it to a festivity, & witness the change it promotes, especially is liquors & salty snacks are being served.<br />You may also wish to posses their previous release, \\"Slow, Deep, & Hard\\", which is a brutal, misanthropic onslaught of 'negativity'. Before there was Type O Negative, there was Carnivore, so feast your ears upon it!
B000002UD0|5.0|Walls and Bridges was a comeback for John in 1974 when he got his first number one single with 'Whatever gets you through the night'. But there's more to the album than that. Tug of War was a kind of comeback for Paul McCartney in 1982, but in the long run, no one really cares for that. Why is this so special? <BR>Because of the circumstances in which it was recorded. This is the album that was created in the middle of his 'lost weekend', where he was kicked out by Yoko and was in LA. He thought it would be fun to re-live his youth, to party, to drink...but he soon became depressed. He was causing public disturbances, he was violent, and he was drinking himself to death. As he said in a later interview before he was murdered, he was in a race to die...with Keith Moon and Harry Nillson. They were excessively drinking and it was Keith Moon who died. It seemed other artists in LA at the time were going through problems too. Elton John attempted suicide around this time...by the way he helps John in 'Whatever gets you through the night'. He also got him back together with yoko. What a cupid. Pah. <BR>Anyway John got back with Yoko the following year and decided to live life again. Making his 1980 death so much more terrible.<BR> <BR>This album expressed all that he felt during this period. 'Scared', 'Nobody loves you when you're down and out' and 'steel and glass are self pitying...but honest. When he screams 'sing out about love and peace, don't want to see the red raw meat' he's refering to his past songs like Imagine and the like. He is depressed about his failed image as a social leader. The truth was, his talent lay elsewhere - expression through song. John somehow seems genuine when he sings. He is just being honest and it's hard not to love him for it. <BR>Back on track now...<BR>He balances the album with songs about fear and self pity with songs about hope 'Sweet Bird of Paradox' and 'Bless you'. 'Whatever gets you thru the night' is a pop sing about writing apop song. It'll get him through the night. And it did. <BR>#9 dream is another single, and it's very lush...and surreal. Sort of like his old psychadelic stuff, with strings like 'I am the walrus'. Finally, 'What you got' is a rocker where you can hear him screaming his anguish like Kurt Cobain would. Great. <br />To wrap up this unstructured review, this is a bit of a spotty album at times, compared with Plastic Ono Band and Imagine. But it's still up there with them because these songs are all about what John Lennon does best - expressing pain and hope. No political stuff, but look where that got him on 'Sometime in New York city'. <BR>While Beef Jerky and ya ya are filler, the other songs all fit in nicely. Its great, i'll shut up now.
B00005QXDD|4.0|A friend recently brought this CD around asking My opinion of it, & the first thing I noticed was the cover, which features the classic depiction of Tarot Card #15: \\"The Devil\\" as its motif - a card I always found pleasant to look at - as it features two nudes shackled to a depiction of Satan - The supposed representational meaning is that of being ruled by materialism, with the chains loose enough for the individuals to remove them from themselves, but choosing not to - & according to most / all blindlight decks, is seen as a negative thing. Materialism is an adjunct to self-preservation & the desire to succeed. It seems the original placing of this card was another attempt by blindlighters to divert the attention of the lower man from success & dominion to both assure the Occultist's puppetry of them, as well as having the said lower man to become comfortable with his meager lot - for to strive for success was seen as a devilish persuit in desiring the things of this world, & those who are wealthy & in positions of Power are in league with Lucifer. And that is as it should be.<br />Actually, I prefer to see the card as symbolizing two lovers enjoying the pleasures of life.<br />I would surmise these performers utilized the card as using Satanic iconography to ironically establish the afore-mentioned success, as The Devil receives the most attention {\\"good copy\\"}, & I would say He could be the patron God of the showman & the creator.<br />The music of this production seems to be a parody of a mix of Spinal Tap & Led Zeppelin, & the subject matter varies from the always phallic kielbasa, to a romantic rendition of the true feelings of the male animal - the overall subject matter carries a constant sexual overtone of humorously composed labido, taking the lyrics & combining them with romantic music at times, & other times, using pimp tunes.<br />Jack Black & Kyle Gass resemble a horned Aleister Crowley & a resurrected Chris Farley on the cover, playing characters who display a sort of sado-masochistic relationship, as one abuses the other much like a Ren & Stimpey duo. Lokian Jesters to be sure.<br />Of note, a song entitled \\"Tribute\\", which carries mild strains of \\"Stairway To Heaven\\" - the story deals with two hitchhikers who come across a demon on the road, who, in a more goblinesque voice than one would expect from a demon, asks them to sing \\"the best song in the world\\", or else he will \\"eat their souls\\" {actually, I recall a comic book about how Led Zeppelin received their fame & fortune through demonic intervention}. The song turns out to be a \\"tribute\\" {hence, the title} to \\"The Best Song In The World\\", not the actual 'best song in the world'. Other songs range from a stop at a drive-thru, to an innovative vocal technique called \\"inward singing\\". Overall, an amusing listen.who display a sort of sado-masochistic relationship, as one abuses the other much like a Ren & Stimpey duo. Lokian Jesters to be sure. <br />Of note, a song entitled \\"Tribute\\", which carries mild strains of \\"Stairway To Heaven\\" - the story deals with two hitchhikers who come across a demon on the road, who, in a more goblinesque voice than one would expect from a demon, asks them to sing \\"the best song in the world\\", or else he will \\"eat their souls\\" {actually, I recall a comic book about how Led Zeppelin received their fame & fortune through demonic intervention}. The song turns out to be a \\"tribute\\" {hence, the title} to \\"The Best Song In The World\\", not the actual 'best song in the world'. Other songs range from a stop at a drive-thru, to an innovative vocal technique called \\"inward singing\\". Overall, an amusing listen.
B000066NW0|5.0|Theres a question for all of you pig headed people to answer.  Please do answer that for me.  I too am in the Music industry, I'm a DJ.  From all of my performances everyone has asked me to play the most populaire song by Avril at the time. <br />Just because this new and young diva has rocked the music charts and to your compleat idiotic minds &quot;has no Tallent&quot;, DOES NOT GIVE YOU THE RIGHT TO CRITIZES her well deserved titles, I would love to see either one of you who think that she has no tallent even come close and try to sing as well as she does.  OR IS THAT ASKING TO MUCH FOR you incompantant minds.  Maybe you all should take a better look at Her, and not always her music.  maybe then you will understand where she is coming from.
B000000H57|5.0|Beautiful music carrying elements of dark erotica and romance awash with the scenes and vistas of natural wonders of the seasons in bloom, one to another. One song to the next blends into the other gracefully like the seasons themselves, speaking of lost love, the hues of the emotions as varied and intense as the characteristics of Autumn, Winter, and Spring.<br />Peter Steele's darkly melancholy voice intermingles, accompanied gracefully with choral bliss, with the typical use of heavy instrumentation, strings, the sounds of nature on a Spring afternoon, really works well together, like a spot of black amongst the greenery overgrowth surrounding.<br />Again, Type O Negative presents a darkly erotic opus ideal for romantic encounters with a beloved.
B0000CAQ27|3.0|Well all i can say is that this cd really disappoints me. I was expecting so much more than this. With try this, pink brings nothing new, and that's probably what annoys me most.<br />1. Trouble (2.5/5) First single, the song is so weak, the lyrics are... Blah. Pink's becoming her own clich in this song<BR>2. God is a dj (4/5) It's good but something's missing. Once again the lyrics are so predictable from her.<BR>3. Last to know (4.5/5) Love the music and the lyrics, a good song.<BR>4. Tongiht's the night (1/5) Pure filler<BR>5. Oh my god (2.5/5) She's bringing something different here but I'm not feeling it, I don't know why<BR>6. Catch me while I'm sleeping (1/5) This song definitely makes me want to sleep, I'm never able to go through all of it<BR>7. Waiting for love (4.5/5) Amazing vocals<BR>8. Save my life (5/5) Love the music, love the theme behind the song, original pink<BR>9. Try too hard (2/5) What happened to the songs Linda Perry used to co-write with her?<BR>10. Humble Neighbothood (4/5) Fun song<BR>11. Walk away (4.5/5) Another song more representative of what pink is used to produce<BR>12. Unwind (5/5) Amazing amazing vocals, so different from what we're used to hear from her<BR>13. Feel good time (4/5) This song makes me hyper for some reason<BR>14. Love song (6/5) My absolute favourite song on the album, too bad it's so short, listen for yourself<BR>15. Hooker (1/5) Plain annoying
B0000U5RNU|3.0|Rowan Atkinson, one of My all-time favorite comedians, perhaps better-known as Mr. Bean {series and film highly recommended!}, graces this film as a pseudo-James Bond character, typically bumbling, though remaining serious the entire time, never admitting to any of his own foul-ups, but instead seemingly blaming all incompetence upon his protoge'; someone has stolen the Queen's Jewels, so it is up to one Johnny English to solve the crime, primarily because most of the best agents have been unfortunately killed in the line of duty, so they are forced to hire the most klutz-prone amongst them, and to very amusing results. Turns out that a French criminal {who owns a most impressive Office Elevator!} with distant ties to the Royal British Family systematically eliminates those who would inherit the title should anything happen to the queen who is threatened with the taking of the life of her beloved poodle, so she signs her title away to him - and just as he is about to be crowned, Johnny English saves the day in a feat of hilarius acrobatics, engaging in many adventures along the way, inclusive of a lunatic display at a fun-eral, swinging around in his sharp spymobile on a crane, literally climbing up a &quot;poop-shoot&quot; to access the enemy's lair, parachuting on to a building, predictably, the wrong one, among many other instances interpolated with that distinctive Mr. Bean style, although much more talkative. Although I would have to say that probably the funniest scenes were when he was accidently struck by a muscle relaxer, to which he sloshes and slurrs about the place.<br />The character is intended to be unintentionally funny, but Atkinson does best as Mr. Bean however, and this film could have just as easily been named &quot;Bean. Mr. Bean&quot;.<br />Rating: 3/5. Great for a fun night at home.
B0000029AP|5.0|This Aerosmith sounds WAY different than the later cd's. His<BR>voice changed in Permanent Vacation(which is a great CD also)<BR>and I think that has turned alot of older fans of. The best<BR>songs on are are &quot;Sweet Emotion&quot; &quot;Walk this Way&quot; &quot;Uncle Salty&quot;<BR>and &quot;Big 10 Inch&quot; Honestly, this is my favorite band EVER.
0385512104|5.0|Christopher is a fifteen-year-old, mildly autistic boy who lives with his father in Swindon, a small town about a hundred miles outside London. His mother has passed away several years ago of cancer, so it's just Christopher and his father. During the days, Christopher attends a \\"special needs\\" school, where lessons include not only the three R's, but also tips on dealing with strangers and decoding facial expressions (Christopher can recognize happy and sad faces, but more complicated faces give him trouble). For a project, Christopher's teacher tells him to write a book about himself. Adding his own individual touches along the way (a math prodigy, the boy numbers his chapters not 1, 2, 3, but as prime numbers in ascending order), and peppering the text with illustrative tables and drawings, Christopher embarks on a detective story about Mrs. Shears's dog, stabbed to death in her yard with a garden fork. <br />Christopher's purpose in writing his book is to emulate his hero, Sherlock Holmes (whose logical mind he greatly admires), and solve the case. But his investigations unearth more about the relationships between his family and his neighbors than about the identity of the dog's killer. Unable to decode sarcasm, jokes, or figures of speech (he calls them all \\"lies,\\" since they aren't the truth), Christopher faithfully notes down his conversations and observations; though the reader, able to read between the lines, will guess the truth fairly quickly, Christopher's inability to understand social cues makes his struggle for answers all the more affecting. <br />Constantly bewildered by the (to him) incomprehensible behavior of those around him, Christopher resembles nothing so much as a human plunked down on a distant planet, trying desperately to figure out how to interpret the language and behavior of an alien species. And, in a way, many of Christopher's conclusions and actions make logical sense; but because he lacks a normal person's ability to make intuitive connections or understand the unspoken, Christopher has to rely on the imperfect set of rules he's learned about human behavior. Which is not to say Christopher can't also be infuriating, with his startling rigidity and resistance to change; he's prone to loss of bladder control and groaning fits when confused or scared by his surroundings - which is rather often. Nevertheless, he's deeply sympathetic and intensely believable, even if (like me) you've never met an autistic person before. <br />Other characters, such as Christopher's father and bereaved dog-owner Mrs. Shears, are realistically flawed and very convincing. They're not saints, by any means; Christopher's father tries hard to be patient, but can't control his frustration and anger, and all too often takes it out on his unresisting son. Mrs. Shears, for her part, is icily distant to Christopher. At first we assume that it's because of his insensitive poking into the death of her pet, but as the story progresses, we learn that her hostility stems from other, understandable (though not very noble) reasons. Obviously, Christopher's not responsible for his condition, and obviously he wouldn't have chosen to be as he is; but even though he can't help it, the boy is a heavy burden to those who must care for him, and frequent flare-ups of resentment and bitterness keep the story well away from saccharine TV-movie territory. <br />Haddon is a subtle and sensitive writer, leaving it to us to draw the conclusions that Christopher can't. His precise and careful prose reveal just enough to keep us a step ahead of Christopher - and give us an ominous sense of dark revelations waiting in the wings - while retaining a suspenseful mood throughout the narrative. In the end, though, the only mystery here is one that's beyond Christopher's, or anyone's, power to solve: how people can be so brutal, violent, and cruel to each other in the name of love. Along with this great novel, I'd like to recommend another Amazon quick-pick curiosity -------------------------&gt; The Losers Club by Richard Perez
B00006V9A0|1.0|I don't see Nirvana as a revolutionary band by any means. And when it is said that the band was a cultural phenomenon, it certainly isn't a fact. The editors of Rolling Stone started coming up with that nonsense, and everyone else is still following suit. With such a critically-hailed album, you'd figure the lyrics to these songs would mean something, but they don't. It's all just a bunch of random lines strung together with all the heart of a random rhyming word generator. Everything off Nevermind has a very paint-by-numbers feel that sounds very lazy and lifeless. This compilation is nothing more than lifeless. I suppose that's the problem I have with Cobain's writing and vocal delivery. He didn't have the heart (at lest he never sounded like it). After all, he was crowned King of the Slackers by his devoted fans so I guess that explains the extent of Kurt Cobain. He wasn't as deep as anyone made him out to be. Methinks Nirvana's Nevermind is still popular these days because it's just thrash music set to lyrics with a perceived message rather than an actual, meaningful one. The bottom line is that Nirvana's Nevermind is worth buying, but only after you've gotten every better early 90's Alternative albums first. This obviously-rushed Hits CD is a waste.<BR>Here are some great Alt Rock albums that nobody seems to remember:<br />4 Non-Blondes &quot;Bigger, Better, Faster, More&quot;<BR>Tragically Hip &quot;Fully Completely&quot; <BR>Crash Test Dummies &quot;God Shuffled His Feet&quot;
B00005K3OT|5.0|It's the most lovely movie in 2001.People who have a good taste will love it definitely.I think it deserves an Academy Award more than that boring Gladiator.J't aime bien,Juliette Binoche.
B00000IGGA|3.0|I've been listening to Tom Waits for over 20 years and he is one of my favorite artists, through all his reincarnations.  While there are some really fun songs on this album (Big In Japan, Chocolate Jesus), on the whole the &quot;shtick&quot; is just too transparent here.  Waits has always played &quot;characters&quot;; but usually the songs are so strong that he pulls them off beautifully.  Here they aren't.  They're OK, but not as good as his past (or future - Alice, Blood Money) efforts.  Might be better than 3 stars for most, but not for Waits.
B00005JLEU|3.0|I love Kiki's delivery service,but I don't think this one is as good.It's too slowly with many nonsense scenes.I admit that each character is very cute,especially the son of the witch,but I expect more than that.The story is also important though it's an animated film.Importantly,I don't think the girl has to face with the worst situation to help her parents because I saw her just working,and running nonsensely in the whole movie.I've just realized that an AWARD acheived cannot garantee whether good or bad.Spirited Away is not bad,but I had an expectation more than the performance.
B00000J7A2|5.0|&gt; So, I was watching High Fidelity YET again<BR>&gt; and saw this album mentioned... so I decided <BR>&gt; to listen to it... and I did... and I wish <BR>&gt; I didn't....That is all... <br />Hahahah. You dork. &quot;Safe As Milk&quot; ownz.
0486266885|5.0|Robert Louis Stevenson's &quot;Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde&quot; is arguably the single most famous metaphor that Western literature has bestowed upon the public conscience, and certainly the most ubiquitous metaphor for duality of personality.  But what of the artistic quality of the novella itself?  The outer plot -- involving the detection of Henry Jekyll's double identity by his friend and lawyer Gabriel Utterson -- is the least interesting facet of the story; Stevenson's concept, inspired by a nightmare, and the vivid language he uses to convey it, are what impress the most upon the reader.<br />The respected London scientist Henry Jekyll seems normal enough, but he is fascinated by what he considers to be two distinct sides to his (or, he believes, anybody's) personality, which can be described crudely as good and evil.  He furthermore believes these sides are physically separable, just as water can be separated into its constituent elements, hydrogen and oxygen, by electrolysis; and so he invents a potion that essentially splits his personality so that only one side will manifest itself while the other becomes latent.  In this way, Jekyll reasons, the &quot;good&quot; side may be an agent of good works without being burdened by the disgrace of an inherent evil, and the &quot;evil&quot; side is free to do his damage without the pangs of remorse he would inherit from the conscience of his good twin.  In Freudian terms, Jekyll is the ego, Hyde is the id, but unfortunately -- and this is the point that drives the story -- Jekyll has no superego to tell him that the potion is an irresponsibly bad idea in the first place.  <br />In society Jekyll retains his high esteem, but his mutation, the sinister, deformed Edward Hyde, whom he names as an heir as a further disguise of his own identity, is cursed to live in ostracism for his hideous appearance, cruel behavior, and disregard for the law.  The fact that Hyde is physically smaller than Jekyll could be symbolic of hismoral deficiency or merely reflect the notion that he is only a &quot;part&quot; of Jekyll; but the difference in size is convenient as a plot device because it prevents others from suspecting that Hyde and Jekyll are really the same person.  <br />One should not approach &quot;Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde&quot; as if it were just a primitive example of generic horror.  Stevenson excels as a prose writer, suffusing his story with the kind of  descriptive nuances that successfully evoke Victorian London at its darkest and most ominous contrasted with the civilized society of gentlemen and otherwise benevolent scientists.  I was aware that Stevenson was an essayist, but I was unprepared to find that &quot;Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde&quot; is really an illustrative essay at its base, dressed in monstrous fashion.
B0001BKAEY|4.0|It's always hard to match the first film, whether it's a sequel or a trilogy. The first film is always the ground breaking one, and most trilogies start better than they end. Simply because you can't make the same ground breaking film twice, or three times. Matrix falls into this trap, the first film became legendary, it became a cult masterpiece, and nothing like it had ever been done. But you can't have the same film three times, they have to differ, and unfortunately Matrix Revolutions doesn't have the same edge as the first Matrix. But, it's still much better than Reloaded which was 2 and a halve hours of jargon, with the odd battle. Although Reloaded did lay out the fundamentals for Revolutions, it was almost a bridge between the two films. Revolutions would have made no sense without Reloaded, nonetheless Reloaded wasn't that good, admit it.<br />As far as the plot is concerned, Revolutions is the easiest to follow, there are no twists or confusing moments that later explain themselves, like Matrix 1 and 2. It is the most mindless out of the three, you don't get the architect rabbiting on about something in a different language (jargon) for twenty minutes. But this is a good thing, Reloaded was trying to be too smart sometimes and forgot the fundamentals, Matrix is an action sci-fi film, not a philosophy lesson. The action scenes in Revolutions are just as good as the other two, I must admit that the brief action there was in Reloaded was great, and there's much more in Revolutions. The final climax, the final battle between man and machine was breathtaking, and one of the highlights for the whole trilogy. The final battle between Neo and Agent Smith is also nicely done, although a bit silly in places when they start fighting miles up in the air like superman. Agent Smith's part never really develops though, he was fantastic in Matrix 1, but in the last two he was just there to fight Neo, and play the `baddy'. Niobe develops the most in my opinion, after a shadowed performance in Reloaded she is one of the best in Revolutions, the scene where she flies in the tunnels avoiding the machines is very enjoyable. Trinity does, um, nothing. She never does anything worth noting except being a liability to Neo. In Matrix 1 she was an agile and powerful fighter, now she's just there to complete the love story. Morpheus is shadowed after an amazing performance in the first one, like Trinity he never really does too much as the film mostly focuses on Neo and Smith.<br />My biggest problem was the beginning and the very ending (last 30 seconds). We first see Neo trapped between worlds in a tube station run by an aggressive trampy person with no teeth (not quite the start I was expecting). It becomes even more bizarre when an Asian family talk to him and a little girl befriends him, I'm not sure the meaning of the scene but it was cringingly poor. Talk about cringing, the last 30 seconds made me laugh. After possibly the darkest out of all three with some gory violence and immense battles we get a nice cushy Hollywood style ending. The oricle is sitting down with the little girl from the beginning scene (why?) and she paints a nice vanilla sky over a cartoon city skyline, while the oricle says `I'm sure Neo will like it'. The film becomes a horrid mixture of Vanilla Sky and Van Helsing (similarish ending).<br />Overall it was a good film, the battle scenes are immense, and there's no silly 30minute fighting with thousands of Smiths from Reloaded, nor is there any jargon speaking from the Starship Enterprise. Sufficiently rounded off the trilogy.dowed performance in Reloaded she is one of the best in Revolutions, the scene where she flies in the tunnels avoiding the machines is very enjoyable. Trinity does, um, nothing. She never does anything worth noting except being a liability to Neo. In Matrix 1 she was an agile and powerful fighter, now she's just there to complete the love story. Morpheus is shadowed after an amazing performance in the first one, like Trinity he never really does too much as the film mostly focuses on Neo and Smith.<br />My biggest problem was the beginning and the very ending (last 30 seconds). We first see Neo trapped between worlds in a tube station run by an aggressive trampy person with no teeth (not quite the start I was expecting). It becomes even more bizarre when an Asian family talk to him and a little girl befriends him, I'm not sure the meaning of the scene but it was cringingly poor. Talk about cringing, the last 30 seconds made me laugh. After possibly the darkest out of all three with some gory violence and immense battles we get a nice cushy Hollywood style ending. The oricle is sitting down with the little girl from the beginning scene (why?) and she paints a nice vanilla sky over a cartoon city skyline, while the oricle says `I'm sure Neo will like it'. The film becomes a horrid mixture of Vanilla Sky and Van Helsing (similarish ending).<br />Overall it was a good film, the battle scenes are immense, and there's no silly 30minute fighting with thousands of Smiths from Reloaded, nor is there any jargon speaking from the Starship Enterprise. Sufficiently rounded off the trilogy.
0783225792|5.0|not much i can say about this movie that fans of the movie dont already know!what i can say is this movie needs better dvd treatment and almost every one can agree with me on that,2disk special edition anyone?!
B00005JLKB|5.0|...before I lose control and buy it!!! This show has hit some rough spots recently (O.K., most of Season Three. ANYway...), but here, the HoYay is back and better than ever. Watch teenage Clark and Lex dance around each other, lusting for that moment we all want to see, when they can rip each others' clothes off and, well, do what comes natur'lly.<br />In the meantime, there's Clark's on-again/off-again &quot;romance&quot; (and I use sarcastic quote marks) with lame-ass Lana Lang (Kristen Kreuk, the bland leading the bland), hanging out with best buddy/token black guy (you know it's true!) &quot;Sneaky&quot; Pete (Sam Jones III, woefully underused), and workin' on the farm with his folks, Martha (Annette O'Toole, a.k.a. Lana Lang in &quot;Superman III&quot;) and Jonathan (John Schneider. 'Nuff said). Also, he has to hide his powers from spunky junior reporter Chloe (Allison Mack, whose energy is a welcome relief from Lana's wimpiness) and the heavy of the piece, Lex's father, Lionel (John Glover, who totally rocks).<br />Oh, and there's Kryptonite, too, which results in many, many disposable villains (not to mention bad hair days for Clark). For now, there's only two varieties; the green stuff (which creates &amp; empowers the baddies, but kills Clark...slowly...very...slowly...), and the red stuff (which brings out Clark's &quot;bad boy&quot; persona [SEE: the end of Season 2/beginning of Season 3]).<br />That about sums it up, so I heartily recommend this show to both long-term Superman fans and new fans who are just discovering the genre. For more information, go to: &lt;[...] and scroll down to &quot;Smallville&quot;. You won't regret it.
630460288X|3.0|If you bought this like me expecting the Joel Silver commentary; it wasn't on there.  Major dissappointment.  Also in the version I purchased all references to Taco Bell had been replaced with Pizza Hut.  Diff from what I saw at the pix.  Loved this movie but dissappointed by this version.  Box misled me into thinking extra features were on there.  I should have looked closer.  5 stars for the movie though!
B00005JMJ4|2.0|1. It's not a bad movie. If it were not for the hype, there maybe fewer people who hate it. Quite some people would find it interesting/different - a little off the Hollywood mainstream.<BR>2. Being different does not necessarily mean being great... We are all so often and so easily confused by the two, admitted or not.<BR>3. People get tired of Hollywood mainstream - the usually show-off stuff (action, plot driven, nudity, dramatization, etc); when we come across something that lack all of it, more or less nothingness... then we tend to believe there must be something special... We can believe or imagine somethingness from nothingness which dress itself in the artsy clothes at the most... <BR>4. It's nice to have family in show business. There are so many independent films there which are equally and fairly interesting, different, or maybe more so if given the similar resource as in this one. However, never has such an ordinary movie received such extraordinary acclaims
B0000542D2|4.0|Why oh why couldn't McCartney and Starkey do a voice over for this one?  Very sad if the boy with the tyre could turn up for a remaniss but not the Fab Two themselves.  I have been very suprised at not only this version bus also the re released theatrical version in terms of sound quality.  i would have thought the music at least could have been brought up to the cd standard. the film to me - in the cinema - didn't kick of until the gorgoues 'and i love her' sequence.  still this is the fab four and we get so hungry for them we'll take what we can get! yeah, yeah, yeah.
B00005JKJA|5.0|Call me a sap, but I loved &quot;Betty.&quot;  I find myself trying to piece the movie together so that, at least to me, Betty is the dreamer.  This movie is engrossing.  Naomi Watts is stunning in her meta-acting.  Laura Harring smolders in her sultriness.
0743454529|5.0|I absolutely could not put this book down.  This a story so compelling, about the love between family and the dynamics involved.<br />I have read everything this author has written.  I loved Perfect Match and My Sisters Keeper is in that same realm of reading.<br />Ms. Picoult can bring you right into the soul and heart of how an individual feels,you are drawn to these characters.  As always, the ending holds a punch I didn't see coming.<br />I highly recommend this book!!!
0061020710|3.0|Dispite the three star rating I absolutely recommend this book as the first in a series of wonderfully hilarius satire by Terry Pratchett.  This introduction to the Disc World is a bit rough around the edges, but it's also the first book in the series.  Pratchett's style and the development of the characters matures throughout the series only becomming better with time.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is Metallica's breakthrough album, and it is also their best album,never again would they make anything close to this good. Master of Puppets opens with Battery, then we have the album's highlight the song Master of Puppets. This is what good metal is all about, this album is one of the albums that defines heavy metal. If you're interested in Metallica this is the album to own. Stay away from everything after ...And Justice for All, because after that they became sellouts and most of the stuff they've done since they became commercialized sucks!STAY AWAY FROM ST.ANGER, IT IS THE WORST ALBUM OF ALL TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000009QPE|5.0|(...) This is one of the best albums to come out of metal. Slayer does a great job with this album, giving a speed and intensity unthinkable until anyone heard this (seriously). <br />The album begins with, in my opinion, one of the greatest metal songs of all time \\"Angel of Death\\". The controversial lyrics about Nazi death camps at Auswich mixed with mind-killing speed and anger, makes this an amazing track of true excellence and power.<br />The rest of the album is battling with \\"Angel of Death\\", and truely, they almost tie. Classic power thrash tracks like \\"Necrophoic\\" and \\"Raining Blood\\" gives this album its crown. Just when you thought you were safe in the beginning of \\"Jesus Saves\\", the track kicks in and blows the living piss out of you. The brutality of this album is unmatched by anything else and the speed of the mind-blowing fret work puts the listener in a music universe he has never entered before.<br />One of the other important parts of the album is the lyrics. Drenched in Satanic messages, this is like playing your favorite albums backwards at 99 rpms. The lyrics are both dark and genius at the same time, blending with the rest of the musical massacre taking place.<br />Buy this album. Once you hear the sheer explosiveness of this album, it will leave you screaming for more. Short but sweet, this is definately a must own for anyone who loves intensity.
0064471047|4.0|Have you ever imagined being sent away to someone's house, that has a secret that no one knows but you?  The house in The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe had a secret , which only Peter, Susan,Edmund, and Lucy knows.  Once they went through the wardrobe in the house,their adventures would begin in the land called Narnia, and their lives will change.  <br />I love this book, because it tells about Lucy trying to save her friend Tumnus.  It tells about the wonderful adventures she had with her friends, Peter, Susan, and Edmund and the great dangers they faced in Narnia. I also liked the little rhymes that describes Aslan, the great lion.<br />I wish that this book would be longer and the adventures of Narnia would countinue in this book.  <br />I recommend this book for people who like adventure stories, because this book is filled with adventures.<br />My favorite part  is when the dwarf made Edmond a prisoner and used a whip to threaten him to go faster.  If the White Witch ( a terrible witch) that calls herself queen of Narnia wants Edmond to go faster, the dwarf whips him until he goes faster.<br />My other favorite part is when Edmond got tricked into bringing Peter, Susan and Lucy to her because she wants to turn Edmond and his friends into stone.  They are smart and she doesn't want them to break the White Witch's spell. The spell is a spell that will keep Narnia always in a winter season. <br />On the map, I think it is a little confusing because it doesn't show the place where Peter, Susan, Edmond, and Lucy came through the Wardrobe to Narnia, but the story is exciting.
B00000HZH7|5.0|Possessed were one of the most dark and furious thrash bands of all time. Mixing Metallica and Slayer with dark creepy riffs and satanic lyrics, this album gave birth to Death Metal and gave a career to guitarist Larry LaLonde of Primus. <br />This album is dark, fast and heavy as a house with songs that could bring one down.  With a dark and depressed vocalist and a drummer on the brink to insanity, this album is rich with gloom and darkness. The evil lyrics of songs like &quot;Exorchist&quot;, &quot;Pentagram&quot;, and &quot;Satan's Curse&quot; give this album an edge like no other.<br />So, buy this album. Highly recommended and definately a must hear, this is the album that all should hear.
B0001AP12G|2.0|THIS ALBUM IS OK,  I DON'T KNOW HOW HE GOT SO BIG.  HIS FLOWS AREN'T THAT TIGHT. IF IT WASN'T FOR TWISTA HOOKING UP WITH HIM ON SLOW JAMZ, NOBODY WOULD EVEN KNOW HIM. THERE ARE ONLY ABOUT 2 OR 3 GOOD SONGS ON THE ENTIRE CD. HE SHOULD HAVE STAYED IN COLLEGE AND LEARNED HOW TO WRITE SOME FLOWS.
B000002H2H|5.0|An excellent album from the one time masters of thrash, Metallica. With riffs and melodies running between ultra-fast to ballad slow softness. The aggression, speed and anger on this disc is undeniable and as true as the day it was released.<br />The album opens with two awesome tracks, &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; and &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;. These are definately tracks that show you the range and talent that Metallica had. Other songs like &quot;Fade to Black&quot; give a more romantic form of Metallica, which gives a slow and melodic but still intense experience to the listener. <br />This is a true metal classic. Blending speed with heart and talent, this shows a time before St. Anger when Metallica still f**king rocked.
B0001HAISG|5.0|All my life I've been a big fan of J.M. Barrie's classic children's story of the little boy, who refused to grow up, &quot;Peter Pan&quot;. But whenever I saw screen or stageplay versions of the tale, I was always left wanting. Why was Peter played by adult women with pixish hairdos (yes, I know it's a theatre tradition)? Why was Captain Hook a slapstick buffoon? Why did Never Neverland always look so fake? And why did it seem like they had sanitized Barrie's original story? In my my mind I always had a vision of a more realistic movie version of Pan. Well, my dream has come true with the release of Director, P.J. Hogan's live action version of &quot;Peter Pan&quot;. At last, the folks in Hollywood (or Australia in this case) got it right! Most people know the jist of the story. It is Wendy's last night in the Darling family's Victorian, nursery. On that night Wendy and her younger brothers, Michael &amp; John discover the magical, Peter Pan (and his fairy sidekick, Tinkerbelle). He convices the three to fly back to Never Neverland so Wendy can tell stories and be a 'Mother' to a gang of kids known as the &quot;Lost Boys&quot;. Once there, they have adventures, meeting up with mermaids, indian warriors, pirates and Peter's arch-nemesis, Captain James Hook. Where do you start with on describing how wonderful this film version is? Director/Writer P.J. Hogan has created a storybook fantasy world which is like a surreal dreamscape. Hogan pretty closely sticks to the original Barrie tale. He shows us the adventurous childhood delights of Never Neverland without sanitizing it's dangers (witness the spooky scene with those evil looking mermaids!). The casting in the film is almost perfect. Juvenile actress, Rachael Hurd-Wood plays Wendy Darling without any pretensions. She dosn't over act or try to be cute or cloying. She does a really good job of showing us a young lady, who is overcoming her fears of leaving childhood behind and entering adolecence. Jeremy Sumpter is fine (but a little wooden) in the lead title role. He shows us Peter Pan as heroic, but also a tragic figure, because he refuses to grow up and accept the love he really craves. But the film really belongs to actor, Jason Isaacs, who pretty much steals the show in the dual roles of Mr.Darling &amp; Captain Hook. Instead of being a merely villainous, slapstick buffoon, his Hook seems like evil incarnate. His eyes are bloodshot and his hair is bedraggled. This Hook just oozes menace and should join Darth Vader and Oz's Wicked Witch in a &quot;Movie Villain's Hall of Fame&quot;. Everything in this film is just done so right. From the eye popping special effects (the flying scenes are amazing), to the marvelous cinematography to the brilliant set design and the warm musical score. It is all so perfect. The &quot;Peter Pan&quot; DVD has been wonderfully mastered. The widescreen picture is crisp and clear and the 5.1 sound is great. The DVD is loaded with extras including a series of very short clips, which talk about everything from the Pan story's history to how the special effects were done. Includes extensive (but short) backstage views of the movie's making. This film is great entertainment for adults and kids alike (though parents might want to prescreen this for very young children). Highly recommended!e (but a little wooden) in the lead title role. He shows us Peter Pan as heroic, but also a tragic figure, because he refuses to grow up and accept the love he really craves. But the film really belongs to actor, Jason Isaacs, who pretty much steals the show in the dual roles of Mr.Darling &amp; Captain Hook. Instead of being a merely villainous, slapstick buffoon, his Hook seems like evil incarnate. His eyes are bloodshot and his hair is bedraggled. This Hook just oozes menace and should join Darth Vader and Oz's Wicked Witch in a &quot;Movie Villain's Hall of Fame&quot;. Everything in this film is just done so right. From the eye popping special effects (the flying scenes are amazing), to the marvelous cinematography to the brilliant set design and the warm musical score. It is all so perfect. The &quot;Peter Pan&quot; DVD has been wonderfully mastered. The widescreen picture is crisp and clear and the 5.1 sound is great. The DVD is loaded with extras including a series of very short clips, which talk about everything from the Pan story's history to how the special effects were done. Includes extensive (but short) backstage views of the movie's making. This film is great entertainment for adults and kids alike (though parents might want to prescreen this for very young children). Highly recommended!
0553381407|5.0|I am a professional who never realized that the family chaos I endured was not an isolated incident.  I thought I was alone, and the only one who suffered at the hands of my parents.  After all, there were no physical scars to show for it.  This book changed my life, and saved it.  It changed my husband, and has influenced my siblings and helped me prevent sending the same damaging messages to my children.  I am a true skeptic that any armchair psychologist could know anything about someone they have never seen or examined.  This book was like reading about myself!  Frightening, but eventually very emancipating.  This has never happened to me.  If you feel you suffered as a child, read this book!
B00005JMEW|2.0|Exactly. Kill Bill vol. 1 itself is a great action flick. It's extremely gorey and violent to almost a comedic extent at times but for fans of martial arts movies or Tarantino, it will not disappoint. However this is, obviously a rushed DVD. There are very limited extras and since vol 2 is out in theaters, it will only be a matter of time until we see the special edition with deleted/extended scenes, and a collector's box featuring the 2 volumes together in time for christmas. Be warned that during one particular ultra violent action scene, the screen flashes from color to black and white in order to avoid the NC-17 rating. If you want to see Tarantino's film uncensored, then buy the Japanese import or wait for the next dvd release. If this doesn't bother you and you just want to see the movie you saw at the theater then pick this up. Just please don't give Miramax your money twice.
0140177396|4.0|John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men is a short, but entertaining novel. The book takes place in the 1930's with the 2 main characters John and Lennie traveling to a ranch to work, save up money and live their dream. Lennie is a big guy that is a little slow in the mind, and has an obsession with petting soft things. George is a small guy that has known Lennie for a long time and gives him commands for Lennie doesn't know what to do by himself. Much like a Father-son relationship.<BR>    I usually don't like fiction tales that take place in the past,but I enjoyed this one. The only problem is that the book starts out slow. It gives you clues that keeps you guessing and wondering.<BR>    For all you readers that consider yourself a slow reader, this is a great book for you. It's exciting and short. Only 107 pages. The price on the book is 8 bucks. I think it's worth it.
B000002KHH|5.0|This was my first Black Sabbath album and is probably my favourite. It has the well known tracks; Paranoid, Iron Man & War Pigs, but I have to say that I think that the less well known tracks on here are even better than these rock classics. Electric Funeral is one of the Black Sabbath tracks that best compliments Ozzy's dark vocal style, whilst Hand of Doom simply stuns. Even if you are not into what is labelled \\"Heavy Metal\\" per se (and I wasn't when I first bought this), this is simply a great rock album.
0140177396|3.0|Overall, I give this book 3 stars. The recreation of the 1930's in this story, gave me an idea of what it must have been like back than, with the men traveling around going from job to job and how the men would make some money and blow it off at the bars. Steinbeck showed the friction between the whites and blacks. Slavery was, and sometimes is now, a very big issue.<BR>       Steinbeck described each character in a unique way. He made every character with different personality, individuality, and unique characteristics.<BR>       This novel is a good book for young adults, I suppose, because this teaches us a new way of reading. We don't just read the book and discuss it, the book makes us read between the lines. The book aslo extends our vocabulary, which comes of good use.
0060234814|5.0|I read this book a while back, in 6th grade. As the teacher passed the books out to us I thought it was just going to be another one of those boring books that we have to read for school. When I opened that book and started reading I couldn't put it down. It was just so facinating. My teacher said there was so many symbolic things in the book relating to the authors Chrisianity. For the people who don't know what I'm talking about. The Lion, Aslan, is represented as God. <BR>         I thought this book was really good. Better than good. It was just like one of those books that you wished you were in. Like 'Eden' as they would say.
B00003CX9E|4.0|Many of you, like me, may have had your Kane interest piqued by its &quot;#1 Film of All Time&quot; rating by the AFI (American Film Institute). Be forewarned that the AFI also honors &quot;Jaws&quot;, &quot;Rocky&quot; and &quot;Snow White&quot; in the same breath. So whatever. If you dive into this film head first expecting the greatest thing to hit the screen, you will be disappointed.  The audio commentary itself (included on this edition) states that Welles' &quot;Chimes at Midnight&quot; is a superior film.<br />Personally, I thought Citizen Kane was very impressive. But I am easily impressed by camera lenses, lighting techniques and 1940s nostalgia. It isn't the acting, script or plot of Kane that appeals to me so much as its artistic storytelling.<br />If you read through these reviews, you'll be puzzled at how some people can proclaim it a work of art while others are bored and irritated by its pageantry. It's the same with a Picasso painting or a Beatles song or a Chicago skyscraper.  Art can be found in anything if you have the patience to look for it. I was patient enough to find 4 stars worth of art in Citizen Kane. Good luck.
B000001GPX|5.0|I agree that the 5th is thrilling, it sounds fresher and more intensely thought out than any other I think I've heard.  It ranges from tiptoe whispery to boathorn loud, as it should.  In particular, the dynamic range change as it goes from the 3rd movement to the 4rd is not to be believed.    As far as the 7th ... To me, the Allegretto movement is what that's all about and Ashkenazy's version with the Philharmonia from the early 80's is the best.  It's slow and very smooth, soft.
B0001W8Q9Y|5.0|What a great cd!  Not what I expected.  I expected good and got excellent!  Marillion is continually changing and this is a wonderful cd to rock out by, relax by or just to have on.  The textures of sound they create are on the same level as Pink Floyd and Porcupine Tree.  <br />Buy it now, you won't be dissapointed.  They have a great website too, [...]
B00000JLWW|1.0|People have favorite movies.  I can honestly say this is the least favorite movie I have ever seen.  It's overblown, sappy, much too long and emotionally empty.      When the movie first came out and garnered rave reviews, a friend of mine and I waited two months to see it hoping the crowds would have died down.  We managed to grab the last two seats.  I hated it as much then as I hate it now and couldn't believe I wasted my money. People who'd seen the film said it didn't feel like three hours.  THEY LIED! I could not wait for that boat to sink and just seemed to take forever.        It would have been somewhat decent had Cameron stuck to the emotional suspense of the sinking boat and left out the sappy love story completely!  Or redirected the love story in such a manner that DiCaprio and Winslet meet for a brief moment at the start of the journey and go about their business since the two are from different classes and cannot be seen associating with one another.  Then boom: iceberg hits.  People begin to wonder what's wrong and slowly as the disaster worsens throughout the ship, Winslet and DiCaprio by necessity and circumstance end up having to depend on each other for survival. Slowly their relationship develops, not romantically, but as a result of two people from different classes who come to respect one another because of the trouble they went through together. Then as Dicaprio's character dies, it would really be a heart-wrenching loss.  When he sank into the ocean in that film, I was overjoyed. James Cameron had all the right opportunities to make this a poignant film, but he took the cheaters way out.    What got me the most was that this film actually beat out genuine talent to win 11 oscars.  It was deserving of maybe three or four technical awards, to include a noteworthy best score.  At it's best, this is nothing more than another of Cameron's action films.    Other annoyances:  Celine Dion's music video with her standing on the bow of the ship loftily singing  \\"My Heart Will Go On\\" with scenes of passengers dying and falling into icy waters.  Completely incongruent and somewhat nightmarish.  And to think that people paid money to watch this film seven times in a row!    Complete waste of a movie and thankfully not part of my DVD collection.
B00005JMCN|4.0|Saw the movie first [by the way, the DVD bonus features, &quot;Racing through History&quot; and &quot;Bringing Seabiscuit to the Screen&quot; are excellent, worthy of your attention] and then read the book.  The book was a real page-turner, inspite of the fact that most of what's in there is in the movie.  Thoroughly enjoyed both renditions of the wonderful story of Seabiscuit.  The only complaint I would make about the film is that I didn't feel Tobey Macguire was really right for the role of Red Pollard.  The real Red was more physically fragile, yet a great daredevil, with a kind heart and a mischevous nature.  Also, he was, I guess you could say, excitingly average.  He wasn't a great rider, he was a fairly bad boxer, but the sunshine in his life was Seabiscuit-- his bond with the horse is what lifted him to another plane.  Tobey Macguire captures the pain of Red's life very well, and tortured quality of his emotions, the repeated failures both public and private, but there's no way you can make Tobey Maguire a kind of average Everyman.  He's young and handsome and vigorous, and a very good actor [no bad thing] but he isn't Red Pollard.  Particular kudos for acting go to Chris Cooper, Jeff Bridges, Elizabeth Banks and William H. Macy, who are [as always] wonderful and a pleasure to watch.  Even Gary Stevens [George &quot;Iceman&quot; Woolf], who is actually a top jockey in real life, does a highly creditable job in his first trip in front of a camera.  He even had me going for a while [is he an actor or isn't he?] and I'm not easy to fool.  The fact that acting isn't his day job in no way detracts from the film....if anything, it lends a verisimilitude that would have been a bit lacking without a touch of &quot;the real deal.&quot;  All in all, well worth your time, and this one's a keeper.
B0001Z363W|1.0|Overproduced crap.  Who in their right mind would listen to this cheese metal.  The guy sounds as if he is trying to be the new lead singer for Alice in Chains.  Heard all this kind of junk before.  Get with the times.
B0000639F4|5.0|I wish was could have been a Carnegie Hall in '98 to see this group.  I watched this DVD with tears in my eyes because I knew this was era and a set of legends that will fade into time.  I will try to teach my children of their contribution to the spirit of music in my life time and a culmination Afro-Cuban but most of all the spirit of the Americas!!!
B000003NA4|5.0|I have not purchased the new CD by the husband-wife team of Diana Krall and Elvis Costello but am planning to do so.  Both have long been in my vocal top ten for sheer talent, originality and musicality.  You never know what to expect from such a hyped offering but for once, I was not disappointed.  There is something interesting and lovely in ever single track.  From the sexy \\"Peel me a Grape\\" to the fantastic \\"Garden in the Rain\\" these are extremely intelligent interpretations of several old classics.<br />One almost wants to enter that smoke-filled bar, order a Martini and take a seat.  The piano-playing complements the vocals and that is another reason to like this album.   With so many rap and hip-hop \\"singers\\" abounding who can neither read music nor play a musical instrument, it is refreshing to find an artist who can do both effortlessly. Wonderful, soulful sounds.
0684833395|4.0|I really enjoyed reading this book.  The book was very witty and had me laughing several times.  The story wasn?t anything special, in fact it was sad, but the author wrote in such a way that that made the book humorously enjoyable.  The concept of the catch-22 was strewn throughout the book, and the apparently insane main character of the book, Yosarrian, proved to be one of the few sane characters in the book.  I saw two weaknesses in the book.  First, there are too many characters.  I could not keep track of all the generals, colonels, captains and majors.  Second, the book was trashy in parts.  These parts of the book were unnecessary and did not settle well with me.  With all that said, the book was horrible for being so great.
B0001HLVS2|2.0|I kept waiting for this movie to get going and it never did.  Just no tension at all.  I guess I'm spoiled by the Horatio Hornblower series, which is much more exciting and a better tutorial of ship life in those days (Master and Commander got a lot wrong, but like Russell said, &quot;If you watch movies to learn history, you are wrong, Mate!&quot;).  There are 8 Hornblower espisodes (A&amp;E) I know of and I have 6 of those in a boxed set.  I presume you can order the other two on DVD, which are the most recent.  All are feature-length, so in all, you get almost 16 hours at sea.<br />Russell Crowe, whom I love, really did seem fat and slow, which is what all the previews showed but I blindly ignored.  At least *rent* it first. Don't buy it without seeing it like I did.
0140177396|4.0|I liked the book alot, for being a required book to read in a junior english class, it wasn't a bad selection. My favorite character is probably, George, cause I mean he stuck with Lennie almost to the very end and he put up with all this problems.<BR>     The plot of the book is interseting because the time period their really wasn't much to life when your a traveling ranch hand. I like the slick ways of Slim, he's also an interseting character. But, most of all out of the whole book I want a old dog that can't see and can't even walk because their so useful...joke. Good decision to kill that dog it probably was in pain.<BR>     But the book dispite it's few slow parts I believed it to be an awesome book.
B00006L3LD|5.0|This is the best cd from Incubus in stores. The music and the DVD are both good. Best cd art i have ever seen. Definitely recommended.
B000001E3V|5.0|1st of all, Carlos, you said...&quot;For Peter. Your information is incorrect. The best solo's are all mainly Allman. Duane does the best guitar work on &quot;Bell Bottom Blues,&quot;. Well, regarding who does the best solos, thats subjective of course. But what someone else posted is correct, and you are incorrect. Duane does not play one note on &quot;I Looked Away&quot;, &quot;BELL BOTTOM BLUES&quot;, or &quot;Keep on Growing&quot;. He was out of town touring with the Allmans on the dates they were recorded. This is discussed in depth on the Allman Brothers biography, and the Clapton biography. From reading both books one can find out who played what on every track. I personally am a huge ABB and Duane fan, and a huge Clapton fan, so I dont have an axe to grind either way. Regarding this release, I think its awesome. Regarding &quot;Why Does Love Got to be So Sad&quot;, I like both versions. The one on here, and on &quot;In Concert&quot;. This one seems rougher, a bit more hard edged. The one on &quot;In Concert&quot; is smoother, with an incredibly mellow and gorgeous ending. I love both versions. &quot;Crossroads&quot; is stunning on this version. &quot;Tell the Truth&quot; is as well. I've always loved &quot;Let it Rain&quot;, and Gordons drum solo is so good that I can listen to the whole thing, wich I dont usually do with drum solos. He style was so synchopated that he actually...all by himself...manages to sound almost like the Allmans twin drummers! Also, I disagree with what someone said about Carl Radles work. I think his bass work is incredible on here. Reminds me of Berry Oakley at times. I would highly recommend the CD set to anyone who likes the ABB or Clapton at his best.(Just thinking about what this could have been if Duane could have played live with them more is the stuff of dreams.) The only complaint I have is that sometimes it sounds like the guitar is too low in the mix. I dont think its because of the mix here, because I remember thinking that about the old LP version as well.
B00003CX8N|5.0|I took my 20 something nephew to see this film and even he adored it. Great film and I was most pleased to see it make an appearance on dvd.
B0001HAISG|5.0|i loved it. as soon as i finished the movie, i practically ordered my dad to buy me the movie. the movie had you guessing the whole time. i wasnt all that excited about seeing it at first, but as soon as the movie started, i got all up in it. i watched it again as soon as it was over. for the londest time, school of rock was my favorite movie. now, peter pan is a very, very, very close second. id recommend it to anyone who loves a great movie.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I loved this movie as a child. I still rember the songs. It was such a wonderful movie. I wore out the VHS tape as a child and we had to buy a second one. I am now buying my children (yes that is my excuse) the DVD I hope you cant wear them out :).
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am a classical musician and this is one of my favorite CDs EVER!  I've always been just a peripheral Metallica fan, but now I am wholeheartedly sold!  Fantastic musicians- great instincts.  Everyone should own this.
B0001UZZWW|1.0|Cute but way too short and there is no 3D to it at all. I have seen quite a few made for video 3D movies and some actually looked pretty good and had an effect of items bouncing at you BUT Shek 3D lacked any of that. It only took about 3 mins and my kids and I removed the glasses.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|This is one of the most stunning CD's I have ever had the privilage to listen to!<BR>Being an avid Tolkien fan since I was five years old, I was as happy as a lady could be when the soundtracks came out.<BR>From the exciting opening number to the calm and tear-jerking ending, this breathtaking CD captures every essence of Tolkien's magical world, from it's darkest and deepest pits of horror (illustrated beautifully by HOPE FAILS and the ring-wraith theme in several pieces) to the most pure and uplifting Elven music (TWILIGHT AND SHADOW), to the complete despair of the entire quest (THE STEWARD OF GONDOR) to the unbelievably powerful victory music of THE BATTLE OF THE PELENNOR FIELDS and THE END OF ALL THINGS, to the powerful melody and tone of Viggo's coronation song in THE RETURN OF THE KING, this CD is a masterpiece!
B00018D44U|4.0|It appears to me that whenever an artist emerges with a unique sound and garners critical acclaim, folks feel that they have to take an extreme stand, either love it or hate it. Reading the reviews for this album just goes to prove my theory, pretty much nobody felt it was just alright, just a lot of lovers and haters. That is great for Norah, to me it shows that she has made her mark on the music landscape and her music provokes people to have a strong opinion, her fans will also be fans for life. <BR>In my personal view, &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; is no &quot;Come Away With Me&quot;, the songs are not as strong neither lyrically or musically. I put this down to the notable absence of Norah's songwriting partner on her debut, Jesse Harris. The two were a match made in heaven and I missed that chemistry on this album, having said that perhaps she felt that she needed to grow more creatively through her songwriting. The songs cannot be described as bad, &quot;Sunrise&quot; the lead single is a beautiful, breezy tune that does make you feel like you're on your way home. Norah's voice throughout the set seems to have matured in some way, she experiments with different tonal qualities quite successfully. I would have liked to have seen Norah build on her Jazz and Blues strengths on this set but instead she seemed to veer off into country territory particularly on the ill-advised song with Dolly Parton. I think it is too soon for such a stylistic departure and I look forward to hearing where she goes next, hopefully she will revisit the territory which she truly owned on her first album.<BR>On a final note, I'll say what many of you are afraid to which is I'm a Norah Jones fan for life, this album wasn't as strong as the first- it was just alright, but she is still a powerful artist who will continue to evolve over the years and I look forward to watching that growth.
0786852550|5.0|Jonathan Stroud has written a masterpiece. This book is full of great characters, it is filled with humor, action, adventure, fantasy, more humor, and a little drama. This was surely a unique and wonderful book. This is not another wanna be Harry Potter Book, as I was afraid it might be, this novel is really new and refreshing from all the tragic Rowling impersonators. I highly recommend for any reader who enjoys a great, quick, and exciting read.
B00000I8BX|5.0|Fear Factory, no strangers to the metal scene, unleashed &quot;Obsolete&quot; early in 1999 to hungry fans and the unsuspecting public.  I had never about Fear Factory until the '99 Ozzfest in Boston.  After hearing them play, I promptly bought their new (at the time) album.  <br />The perfectly-assembled album &quot;Obsolete&quot; is an epic saga that takes place in the not-so-distant future, in a time where machines now control all aspects of human life.  We are introduced to the Edgecrusher, a man being held in prison against his will by the government and its machines.  The Edgecrusher is mankinds last hope, a domestic terrorist fighting for man's freedom.  He escapes his captors, and the story begins.  What follows is Edgecrusher and humanities' futile efforts to fight back against the machines, and take back our lives and existence from our mechanical overlords.  From initial signs of hope, to the overwhelming presence of surveillance everywhere he goes, and eventually, to  the Edgecrushers final ephiphany concerning the future of mankind, the vocals and music carrying this saga are flawless. <br />Enthralling, haunting, inspiring, rocking, and heartbreaking, &quot;Obsolete&quot; deserves a spot on the top list of greatest metal albums of all time.
B00005JMX6|5.0|This is an excellent movie. The characters are very believeable. It has everything a romantic comedy needs. Elisha Cuthbert is a very charming, talented and lovely actress. I have seen this movie five times and I can hardly wait until it comes out on DVD. This movie struck a responsive chord in me that took me back to my high school days. A movie like this cries out for a happy ending and it could not have been better. I would go see it again if it had not already quit playing in my area.
0790731002|4.0|I have to say i was a kid when this film came around but it still keeps me entertained, maybe im just sentimental but i think its stayed with me because; although the gloss (comic book spectaculars, bad puns and pantomime villains to be brief) is obviously a marketing influence to put the film where the money was, there's a deeper pycho-analytic intellegence... In keeping with the original two films, and using this newly stylised gotham city complete with comic book inhabitants, it explores obsession and the madness of Bruce Wayne (played well as expected, by the talented Val Kilmer) in comparason to the wild extravagant villains he takes on. Really to be honest, if you want to criticise this film you have to wonder if either your seeing the whole picture, or you just a bit old to be watching kids films
0156027321|4.0|I am only about 75 pages into this book but it is incredibly well-written and thought-provoking -- one of the best books I've picked up in a while.
0671646788|5.0|David Schwartz is amazing.He raelly sets standard for his readers.This book is so wonderful,it will show its power only after reading 10 pages.Can you imagine what after reading complete book?<br />This book not only for MLM leaders but everyone of all ages should read it.<br />Author shows us how powerful our belief is,Then how to stop giving excuses,What is thinking big &amp; how to think.How to use the power of words by speaking positive.<br />Our thoughts create our world.Change thoughts change your world.<br />This book will uncover the leader in you.Just follow your dreams &amp; instructions given in this book.You &amp; people around you will feel the different you in 1 month.<br />It worked for me, it will work for you too.
0385335482|1.0|First of all, the main character is rather irritating, especially because she seems to force other people to go out on a limb for her selfishness (for example, the banks to whom she owes money and the future love interest who lends her money to buy a scarf that she claims is for a sick relative and her friend who makes frames for her). The book is a succession of tedious shopping lists stating prices and then many complaints of having no money. The only reason I continued in the torture of reading the book was due to the fact that I wanted to see character progression and find out if maybe she would become a better or at least more interesting person. It does not happen. She is rewarded for her selfish, irresponsible ways with a cute boyfriend and a sparkling future. Morality is nonexistant, coincidentally so is any trace of a plot. I would really have given it 1/2 a star, but that is not an option. Save your time and just skip this vapid, annoying novel.
0671027387|2.0|As several reviewers have pointed out, Dan Brown uses the same plot outline in every one of his books.  Brown also never checks any of his facts.  Anyone with a basic science background will find many parts of the book quite laughable.<br />Besides the science errors, here are some things readers should know: Fossils don't exist in metamorphic rocks. You don't have to look on the bottom of the ocean to find fossils of creatures that once lived on the bottom of the ocean. If you are sitting in a cockpit of a minisub, and the sub starts to fall through the air, you will not hover above your seat.  If you are warm and toasty in your snow suit on a glacier, you won't suddenly start freezing to death when you move to an iceberg.  Helicopters don't need to swoop to strafe. Trained marksmen don't miss when they shoot. Wounds from machine gun rounds are serious injuries. You can't get to Fairfax by driving west from Falls Church on the Leesburg Pike. The L'Enfant Plaza metro stop is underground.  The Metro drivers, not a recorded voice, annouce Metro train stops. You wouldn't exit the Metro train at L'Enfant Plaza to go to a Northwest Washington address.<br />Now that Dan Brown is rolling in money, he should hire a researher or fact checker for his next book.
B000003TA4|5.0|Kurdt Kobain is a rock god!! this cd proves it. Nirvana is still cool in 2004!!! I feel bad for him cuz of his depression. In 1994 he put himself out of his misery,by killing himself, i dont think anyone will forget the tragic details of the death of Kurdt Kobain. Anyway this cd rocks.Teen Spirit, and the legend Kurdt will live on.,and by the way if you were wondering what happened to the other two members of the group, one went to the band PEARL JAM, and the other is a senetor for JOHN KERRY,GO JOHN!!!!!
B000006TRV|5.0|Wow, I am quite unfamiliar with &quot;The Wall&quot;, and I already know it is a masterpiece. Many reviewers have said that taking time to listen to it will force you to appreciate this album. Any Pink Floyd fan that hasn't heard this one yet, I strongly recommend this one. I can relate to many of these songs.
B00008J2DQ|3.0|I loved the first two albums, but this cd didn't quite do it for me. I didn't like how Sully let his voice get higher pitched in all of the songs. His whole sound is different, and I believe it throws off the old &quot;hardcore&quot; rock they used to have. However, the instrumental melodies are great, they are just as good if not better than the past albums. Also, if you don't believe me about how the voice has changed, listen to &quot;I Stand Alone&quot; then listen to another song on the album, You'll see the difference.
B000006TRV|5.0|Wow, I am quite unfamiliar with &quot;The Wall&quot;, and I already know it is a masterpiece. Many reviewers have said that taking time to listen to it will force you to appreciate this album. Any Pink Floyd fan that hasn't heard this one yet, I strongly recommend this one. I can relate to many of these songs.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|A film by Errol Morris<br />\\"The Fog of War\\" won the Academy Award for Best Documentary (2003).  The subject: Robert McNamara.  McNamara, if you are not aware of who he is, was the Secretary of Defense during the Kennedy and Johnson administrations.  This puts him at the forefront of the Vietnam War as it was under his watch that we became involved in Vietnam.  McNamara is a highly intelligent and articulate man who has a lot to say and his story is a necessary one to be told.  At the time of this film he was 85 years old and has lost none of his passion or mental acuity (from what I could tell).<br />The big questions of this movie obviously revolve around Vietnam, the how and the why.  But before we can get to Vietnam, we need to know how McNamara came to be in the position that he was in (Secretary of Defense) and what sort of man he was.  McNamara speaks of his experiences in World War II, the Cuban Missile Crisis, becoming the President of the Ford Company (the first man not a descendent of Henry Ford to do so), and his time in the Kennedy administration.  McNamara gives a lot of information that we have not seen before, not in these words and with this slant.  He is a very logical man and his logic makes sense, but is also baffling at the same time.  McNamara believes strongly in proportionality (that a military response be proportional to the initial attack), but many things in both WWII and Vietnam were not proportional, and McNamara knows it and is at a loss to explain that.<br />What was most stunning about \\"The Fog of War\\" was not McNamara on Vietnam, which while it is obvious that he has major doubts and reservations about whether or not we were doing the right thing; but rather it was McNamara on the bombing of Japan and just how much damage we really did to Japan.  There were comparisons to the percentage of Japanese cities destroyed to what that would mean in terms of American cities and the numbers were staggering.<br />At every moment, this film was fascinating and compelling and powerful.  I did not want to look away or miss anything even while I was being stunned by some of the things I was hearing and learning.  I expected \\"The Fog of War\\" to vilify McNamara in some way, but we saw a more human Robert McNamara than is usually portrayed.  The man was not always right, but it was obvious that he was working to the best of his abilities to serve two presidents.  If you only watch one documentary this year...this is the one to watch.  It is that good.lm was fascinating and compelling and powerful.  I did not want to look away or miss anything even while I was being stunned by some of the things I was hearing and learning.  I expected \\"The Fog of War\\" to vilify McNamara in some way, but we saw a more human Robert McNamara than is usually portrayed.  The man was not always right, but it was obvious that he was working to the best of his abilities to serve two presidents.  If you only watch one documentary this year...this is the one to watch.  It is that good.
0393317552|5.0|The great question the book tackles is why today's modern world bears the stamp of western society.<br />The answer is partly found in the book's title: the west rules because the west had guns, germs, and steel. Diamond's insight (not in the title) lies in why the west got these before other societies. The answer is surprisingly simple: geography.<br />First, the fertile crescent, located in modern Iraq, held most of the important domesticable large animal and plant species. Second the east-west orientation of the large Eurasian land mass offered a better environment for spreading societies than did north-south orientation of the Americas or the restricted area of Africa and Australia.<br />The east-west orientation means large areas with more or less identical weather in which domesticated plants and animals could be moved, which in turn favoured the spread of farming and other technologies, including writing. The same east-west orientation also enabled diseases to spread easily along with the cattle that often incubated them. The populations of the Eurasian land mass were thus immunized against most diseases while those of less spacious Oceania and north-south America were not.<br />Ultimately the coastal people (e.g. Spain, England) of the Eurasian land mass were favored over the inland people (e.g. Persia) so that only the Europeans and Chinese were left as possible world conquerors. The Europeans went for it, the Chinese did not. The book resorts to an interesting but unconvincing political explanation for this: China was politically stable so had no need to go overseas to build its empire, while the European nations did. This feels like an oversimplification.<br />Nevertheless, the fundamental insight of geography being the determining factor, rather than genetic or racial superiority, into why the world is as it is, makes this an important book destined to remain on reading lists for a long time to come.
B000002J0G|5.0|I'm going through iTunes and updating artwork, release labels and dates, and all that. Of course, I'm playing some of the songs I haven't heard in a while. And, maaaaan, do I love this album. It rocks so hard I want to sing along at the top of my lungs here at 1 in the morning. Surely one of my favorites.<br />Testament is one of my few favorite bands from the late 80s to come back in the 90s and kick some serious tail. Low is proof positive. I prefer this to Gathering and Demonic both, so pick this up if you're not sure which one to check out.
B0001HAISG|5.0|I was very impressed with this version of Peter Pan.  My Aunt took my cousins to see it in the movie theater (which is probably the best place to see it due to the amazing special effects)and she loved it and they loved it.  I rented it from my library and I really enjoyed it, I might even buy it.  I am usually very sensitive to what could be inappropriate or scary for young viewers, for some reason this movie did not bother me even though it is very action packed (the happy and exciting scenes made up for some of the scary one's). The movie does get a little slow in the middle, which could loss some young viewers.<BR>    The movie's set is very lush and colorful and their are a lot of special effects that make a beautiful fantasy.  The acting really pulled the movie together, the actors all had perfect comedic timing, even the young kids were great. It was also a movie you can watch over and over again (be warned parents), I hope it gets more attention now that it is available for purchase.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|If you like Four Weddings and a Funeral and Notting Hill, this DVD is actually worthy buying, not just renting.  It is actually a better movie than I had expected based on the reviews, and the commentary by Richard Curtis and Hugh Grant (as well as Bill Nighy and the child actor Thomas Sangster) is excellent: perhaps actually more entertaining than the movie itself and extremely informative.  It's worth it just to hear Hugh Grant make snide remarks about Colin Firth (actually very amusing).  Also interesting to learn that one of the scenes in this movie had actually been originally written for Four Weddings and a Funeral.<br />The deleted scenes on the DVD are also actually very interesting.  The movie was actually editted down from an original 3 1/2 hours.  If Curtis had been allowed to actually release all the junk he had filmed it might have actually ruined his career (the original climax with Thomas Sangster doing elaborate acrobatics at Heathrow is awful, actually).
B000148KK2|5.0|I listened to this CD several times before I could feel out an opinion.  At first I debated whether this was a jazz CD or a blues CD.  Then I decided that was pretty much a non-issue.  There are larger concerns here.<br />We have to get the \\"big elephant\\" standing in the room out of the way.  Ever since junior high school when pre-pubescent boys and girls started \\"going together\\" to these years as I witness the end of long marriages as one lays the other to rest, I have to allow that there is no accounting for why many couples find each other attractive.  So if Diana Krall and Elvis Costello fall for each other and get married, I am not going to turn up my nose.  They may well long outlast most \\"ideal\\" pairings of the beautiful and famous we have to endure in the public eye.  I wish them both well and hope their house a happy one.<br />Still, I have to admit to have felt the dark gloom of dread in the pit of my stomach when I heard that Krall and Costello were \\"collaborating\\".  After listening to Costello's first couple of albums, I pretty much regardied him as a \\"waste of time\\".  I have this pet theory I call the \\"English Major Hypothesis of Music Reviewing\\".  The chief feature of this theory that some reviewers take out the lyric sheet and write a raving review without ever listening to the music.  For far too long, it seems to me that Elvis Costello has benefited from this kind of scrutiny.  Costello has had a long and diverse career; but as inventive as he is lyrically his music is suffocatingly turgid.  Now Costello is \\"lending\\" a hand in Krall's songwriting?<br />Whatever happened the final product is Krall's warmest and most tasteful CD in her recording career-and that is saying a lot.  Maybe Costello rose to the occasion.  Maybe Krall knows when to just follow her own muse.  I don't know.  Krall is getting a lot of press right now in which she claims she has stopped trying to prove herself to the critics and is now going her own way.  \\"Blah.  Blah. Blah\\".  Could be true.  But we've heard it all before.  I think publicists have a generic press kit they make available to musicians for this kind of thing.  \\"All that great stuff I did before was \\"me\\".  But it wasn't as much \\"me\\" as I wanted.  Now this is the real \\"me\\"!\\"<br />Who cares?  Sometimes people don't want to know you that well.  The proof is in the cooking and this is fine dining.  The CD begins with Mose Allison's \\"Stop This World\\" that is confident and upbeat.  A good part of this CD is in this vein where Krall is strong and vigorous to her audience.  The other part of this CD finds Krall in a dark and meditative mood which \\"The Girl In The Other Room\\" is representative.  Which face you like better will change as you go along.<br />Most will find Krall's \\"Changed My Address\\" and \\"Love Me Like A Man\\" quite compelling and fetching as her sultry voice warms your heart and hormones.  On the other hand, Krall's rendition of Joni Mitchell's \\"Black Crow\\" and her own \\"Narrow Daylight\\" will speak to your soul.  Unlike other reviewers, I think \\"Narrow Daylight\\" is the best cut on the album.  I simply think it is one of the best things Krall has done.  Reciting the lyrics is not enough.  You have to listen to it.  There are gospel chords and little pictures of walking in great halls, in forest groves, along the seashore and to a wooden cross as the singer wonders if &quot;the kindness we count upon/ is hidden in everyone&quot;.  It is a song about the first hint of joy after a long season of sadness.  Wonderful.<br />Krall's own piano work has been unjustly ignored in the past and unfortunately it may remain so.  But her playing has grown from her already impressive accomplishments to be consistently inventive and interesting.  If Krall ever does a \\"no words\\" instrumental album I will be the first in line to buy it.<br />Live In Paris was one of the few occasions where I purchased both the audio CD and the DVD of the concert.  Others took a pass but I enjoyed Live In Parisas one of the greatest moments in Krall's career.  I should have realized it was also a kind of \\"summing up\\".  Krall has taken another road.  Time will tell if she will stay this course or take another fork to someplace else.  But The Girl In The Other Room is worth the investment of your hard-earning cash and time.ris as one of the greatest moments in Krall's career.  I should have realized it was also a kind of \\"summing up\\".  Krall has taken another road.  Time will tell if she will stay this course or take another fork to someplace else.  But The Girl In The Other Room is worth the investment of your hard-earning cash and time.
B00004Y635|5.0|I must say that Scream 3 is the best movie out of Scream 1 and Scream 2! I have Scream 1 on dvd and now I have Scream 3 on vhs, I just need to buy Scream 2 now ;o)! I saw Scream 2 at a friends house awhile back and it's pretty good but not as good as Scream 3. Scream 3 is much better!!! I totally reccomend you BUY Scream 3!!! It's the ULTIMATE SCREAM!!!!
B00006CXXU|5.0|Excellent album, in case that u don't know this, the latin american version includes &quot;Dame Lo Que yo te doy&quot; spanish version of Get mine, Get Yours. you can also get that on the Beautiful cd single from Canada... too bad there wasn't an special edition from the album, with a bonus dvd or something that could've been great to increase the sales, cause in the us only sold the half that sold the Selftitled album
B000002IRL|5.0|Of the first few albums Overkill released, they outdid themselves in 1991, right about the same time most of the other late 80s thrash &quot;gods&quot; had started running out of juice. &quot;Horrorscope&quot; is the pinnacle of achievement reached after the promise of &quot;Under the Influence&quot; and &quot;The Years of Decay,&quot; both of which are strongly recommended as well.<br />I do have a special memory of this album, as the tour supporting this record was one of the hardest, heaviest and fastest shows I had ever seen at the time, and it was pretty great considering the state of metal in 1991.
B000002JS6|4.0|This disc has some of AC/DC's biggest hits:  &quot;Back In Black&quot;, &quot;Hells Bells&quot;, &quot;Shock Me All Night Long&quot;.  But the rest of the album is equally great, with standouts like &quot;Shoot to Thrill&quot; and &quot;Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution&quot;.  From start to finish, solid rock.<br />These guys are deserved members of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.  Amusingly, my 1980 copy of the Rolling Stone Record Guide (before this album's release) said:  &quot;AC/DC is an Australian hard-rock band whose main purpose on earth apparently is to offend anyone within sight or earshot&quot;.  If the critics hate 'em, they must be great!!!
0061092037|3.0|THE FOURTH ESTATE by Jeffrey Archer (author of KANE &amp; ABEL, one of my favorite novels of all time) . . .this tale again involves two men . . . though from different backgrounds, they stand face-to-face in an attempt to beat each other and control the biggest media empire in the world . . . I was interested in the stories<br />of their respective childhoods; by the time they reached middle age, however, I had lost interest in what happened to either of them . . . the ending also did little for me.
0385484518|4.0|Annotation:  An inspirational recount of a man's life by Mitch Albom as he rediscovers his old professor Morrie Schwartz.  Morrie was dying from ALS, more commonly knows as Lou Gherig's disease.  Mitch gets to spend the last sixteen Tuesday s of Morrie's life with him.  What Mitch didn't realize at the time was that Morrie was teaching his final class.<br />Author Bio:  Mitch Albom is also the author of six books before Tuesdays With Morrie. Mitch was a well known columnist for the Detroit Free Press.  Albom has been named top sports columnist in the nation by the Sports Editors of America for more than a decade.  Being named top sports columnist is the highest honor in the field.  Mitch Albom has done work with TV stations such as ABC and ESPN.  Albom is on many charitable boards and has founded two charities himself in metropolitan Detroit.  The charities are: The Dream Fund and A Time to Help, a monthly volunteer program. He continues to live in Michigan with his wife, Janine.  Mitch Albom is not only a well respected columnist but also a much respected book writer.<br />Evaluation:  <BR>After seeing his old professor and college mentor on TV, Mitch Albom was determined to get in touch with Morrie Schwartz.  Mitch did just that and it began one of the best experiences of his life.  Mitch was there every Tuesday talking with Morrie and listening to the wise things he had to say.  Mitch was there as Morrie was slowly dying.  They talked about everything, family, aging, life.  Morrie had lived his life to the fullest and was satisfied with the things he has accomplished.  Mitch cherished the Tuesdays he was able to spend with this extraordinary man and hear the things he had to teach.<br />This book was definitely a touching book in my opinion.  The things that Morrie speaks of in the book really made me think about my life.  It made me wonder if I was living my own life to the fullest.  The fact that Morrie is so brave and courageous is very inspiring.  Many peoplefear death, but not many people ever get to the point where they can accept it, and that's just what Morrie did.  Morrie was an amazing man who had an incredible attitude toward everything.  I think that everyone could learn something from the things that Morrie said, I know I did.
B00005JLYW|1.0|I still can't believe that this people made a sequel so bad.<br />i was eagarly waiting for this flick, and when it finished i just didn't knew , i said what the heck happened??? i waited sooo long time to see this crap.<br />the first movie was fantastic even the soundtrack leading Destiny's Child's Independent Woman wich was an excellent song and it became an No 1 hit almost everywhere, what about P!nk's Feel Good Time That song really sucks it only peaked no, 63 on the Billboad Hot 100 now she asks why her album TRY THIS dissapeared really quick from the charts... (...)
6305313687|4.0|American History is one of those films that I had been wanting to see but never got around to it.  Let me begin by saying that  I went into seeing it with some reservations based on several negative reviews. However, I was blown away by this film and consider it one of the best of the early 2000's.  Edward Norton's is outstanding as a reformed black racist, as well as the supporting cast who includes Beverley D'Angelo as his mother.<br />American History is a sad and tragic look at the ugly face of racism.  It demonstrates how deep hatred can make a man do things he normally wouldn't do.<br />Not for the faint hearted.
B000060P79|1.0|The plan here is to ROCK OUT SOOOOO HARD TO THIS PUNKY PUNK MUSIC until we puke!! Sound too good no? These guys are waayy too punky for me no? The Pruddy much invented punk its soo great!!! I'll like the punky part in that song &quot;I'm a dic I'm ubducter on you! Man the so punkfuller than ever no? I wish i could be like the singer an inhale all those balloons and have me a punker voice NO? I also lick thayt uthor park in that songg &quot; I'm sorry, I anty to perkit&quot; in the song Perfekser or somthing... any way if you like the band 2 for dieing y'll lick on this very band of brothers!! Peace!!
B0001HAISG|5.0|I took my children to see Peter Pan at the theater and was not excited because I have seen the Peter Pan story in so many variations. The quality of this movie blew me away. It was captivating and a very fresh telling of a timeless story. The casting was excellent and the cinematography was wonderful to view. Watching this movie at home makes you want to buy a HD TV. My family also loved the instrumental soundtrack. This is, in my opinion, the best movie of the year AND I can enjoy it with my children.
B000063UR2|5.0|This is a wonderful work that adds to the realm of fantasy. Besides a wonderful story of Good v. Evil (the cornerstone of all fantasy) we are blessed with some fantastic performances by Tim Curry and Mia Sara. Tom Cruise also does a fine job.<br />One of the best things about this version is that both the Original and Directors cuts are available. This way you can choose either the original film that you grew up with or the directors cut. Other SciFi / Fantasy directors should release films this way (COUGH... GEORGE LUCAS.... COUGH COUGH).<br />This is a must have for fans of Lord of the Rings, Dune, Babylon 5, and other great fantasy works.
B0001ENYKS|3.0|i agree with the bittersweet reviews.  this album has some kick ass songs on it (notably &quot;take me out&quot;, &quot;jacqueline&quot;, and &quot;come on home&quot;), but fails to stay afloat with repeated listens.  <br />i don't agree with the strokes comparisons or the interpol comparisons - the only thing FF has in common with those bands is the size of the hype that they have received.  <br />franz ferdinand got together to write &quot;songs girls can dance to&quot; and i feel like they've done a great job.  put this album on in the background at a party and everyone will be asking you what it is.  put this album on with headphones and stare at it for a while and you'll get bored with the repetition.  i can see their next record being better if they cut out some of the fat (i.e. over-repeated hooks).  this is a fad - enjoy it for it's immediacy, get sick of it for it's lack of efficiency.  at least it's totally fun and dance-worthy.
B0001ADAVK|4.0|MONA LISA SMILE has been sitting on a pile of DVD's I have been meaning to watch for months, but kept being tossed aside for titles which were more appealing.  <br />My impression before seeing this movie was that it would be about a teacher at a girl's school and would be full of cliches.  However, the movie is so much better than that. This concretes the fact that we shouldn't judge a book by its cover. <br />Julia Roberts (love her or hate her) demonstrates why she is one of the most loved screen actresses of our time. WHen she feels emotions, you feel them right along with her.  Forget \\"Pretty Woman\\", this is the mature Julia Roberts I am talking about. <br />There are a few cliches, but it is set in the 1950s when alot of 'what women should and shouldn't do' aspects were prominent.  Women were expected to get married and have children and toss away any thought of a career.  Julia Roberts character challenges that idea.<br />Kirsten Dunst and Marcia Gay-Harden, among others, form an excellent supporting cast.  <br />One of the better films of 2003.
B00008H2LB|1.0|This band roks man!!! Its soo hardcore and aww some!!!! Ill love it when the chinesse man get up there and raps lick no to or row!! :( It so good if u like heavy METAL and such, then stick rap into a molded blender and mix it up, what do you get?!?!? AWW SOME!!! thats what!! Chester Hollyfield is the better sing these days... So what r u waitng for go waste 20$!! Hurry!!!
B000000W5B|2.0|This album is not under rated. The songs \\"Angie\\" and \\"Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo (heartbreaker)\\" are very good indeed and might be a reason to get the album, but the rest of the material isn't anything to get excited about. Of course \\"Exile on main street\\" is a better buy than this one. It's not really bad or really good - it's more or less a decent or average Rolling Stones album that you can either have or lose.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|As a rock listener since I first heard the organ solo in &quot;Roundabout&quot; at the age of 11 in 1972, I have returned to prog in the last couple years, with incredible music being made by Spock's Beard, Porcupine Tree, Glass Hammer, Opeth, etc.  My wife of 20 years has had to put up with listening to my favorites nearly everytime we enter our vehicles.  (I think she would rather hear 50's - 60's pop music. Opeth is a little much for her, but she did see the Damnation tour with me and the kids).<br />This weekend, as we were traveling to our eldest son's State Track Meet (his tiny Cathedral school relay team took fifth place!), I popped in &quot;Testimony&quot;.  After a while, she began to inquire who this incredible music was being made by, and I gave her the jewel case.  Needless to say, she immediately asked me to burn her a copy so that I wasn't hogging it in my car.  We are devout Roman Catholics, and when I bought this masterpiece, I knew it would speak to her soul.  It speaks to mine as well, and the fact that the positive Christian message is wrapped up in such a beautiful musical package makes this an instant favorite.  (By the way, if you are wondering about the Opeth bit, the Bible tells us that it is not what goes into our bodies, but what comes out of our hearts that is important.  The music is stunning!)<br />Thank you Neal Morse for this addition to our lives.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|I almost did not buy this album because of initial lukewarm reviews. I am glad I did chance it.<br />There are 5 excellent tracks, Fallen, World on Fire, Time, Answer and Perfect girl. The CD is very well mastered and there are many layers to the music. Acoustic guitars just pop up here and there and they sound just right.<br />Great songs! Sarah's vocals have just moved on to a higher level. The very best of Sarah IMHO!
6305327041|1.0|The more this Tarantino guy attempts to be sophisticated, the worse he fails. This inexplicably overrated, clumsy effort is even worse than Pulp Fiction. Packed with violence and poor taste, it sticks out like a sore thumb for its total lack of talent, humour, ideas. The film equivalent of a crapburger with 200 chili peppers (expired, too), it lets the amazingly childish ego of its director transpire from its every pore. And I don't tolerate such yobbo in my private living room.
0385720920|4.0|This is a great book, though it isn't entirely enjoyable for the plot, nor is it for the characters.  The plot is jumpy and unrealistic at best.  The characters are, unless you are an OCD sex addict, completely unrelatable.  But that's not what this book is about.  To glean any pleasure, you have to be ready to move past the gross-out sex and bodily function narratives.  It is about the delving into the post-modern subtext within.  The call for self-examination as well as examination of the world around us almost jumps off the page and bites you on the face.  For the message, \\"make the journey count because goals are futile otherwise\\", to be as powerful as it is in this work, the extreme nature of the book is almost necessary.  <br />I see a great many complaints as to the book's content on these reviews.  So, if you are a wee bit squeemish in your pursuit of intellectual stimulation, pick up something else.
B000001EL7|4.0|When \\"Love Gun\\" was released in 1977, Kiss were at their peak, and to a lot of people this is the album that best captures this either loved or hated band. Personally, I think the tracks here are very good almost all the way from the opening hard and fast \\"I stole your love\\". Gene Simmons gives us a couple of his best songs ever in the melodic \\"Christine sixteen\\" as well as the under appreciated \\"Got love for sale\\". Ace Frehley does his singing (?) debut in the over appreciated \\"Shock me\\" which has achieved cult status for some strange reason. Paul Stanley delivers the catchy \\"Tomorrow and tonight\\", while Peter Criss contributes with the more or less unknown but groovy and hard \\"Hooligan\\". The title track is a well known Kiss classic and \\"Almost human\\" seems to be a calculated effort to follow up \\"God of thunder\\" from the \\"Destroyer\\" album. Neither \\"Plaster caster\\" nor the cover \\"Then she kissed me\\" (chosen for its title?) stand out, but doesn't annoy you either. If you are a die hard old time Kiss fan you already has this album, but if you're a new fan or a casual one, this is a good starting point.
B000051VWW|5.0|A few months ago I bought Sade's ''By Your Side'' CD Single because I thought it was a awesome song that reminded me allot of the previous hit ''No Ordinary Love''. Well, what I didn't know is that there was a full and great album out there ''Lovers Rock'' that I didn't have. So on another occasion, I was browsing through contemporary R&amp;B, Soul, Trip-Hop and I found ''Lovers Rock'' there.-- I was curious, so I HAD to get this.<br />And what I found was a excellent soulful album that has space for everything that keeps you calm and chilled-out. I think that this is Sade's best album to date, really great!. I hope she releases another great disk like this!.<br />My favorite track is the title track ''Lovers Rock'' which is a esque-portishead trip-hop track, with great production value and the chorus rocks!!!. Other great one's are ''By Your Side'', a deeply entrancing and sensual song with great lyrics (check out Shania Twain's ''From This Moment'' for a almost identical track.), ''Somebody Already Broke My Heart'', ''All About Our Love'' and ''It's Only Love That Gets You Through'' are nice songs to sleep to, very relaxing.<br />This a essential album that would satisfy any Sade, Dido, Massive Attack, Portishead and Sinead O'Connor fan. Excellent!. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!.<br />Enjoy!
B000002OX7|5.0|This is the best WHO album ever,and possibly the greatest rock album ever!!!! Anyone ahould be able to enjoy this album, Pete's songwriting is absolutely genius. I also would recommend Quadrophenia, The Who By Numbers, and Who Are You as excellent WHO material.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Quentin Tarantino has become one of my favorite movie directors.  This film has my mind moving in all different directions.  The ultra-violence in his movies is nothing new (And it is very violent!  Don't watch it if you don't like blood with your movies!).  It's the visual imagery and sheer brilliance of directing that's just amazing about this film!  Thurman fits the bill (no pun intended) as the super hero.  The supporting cast is great!  Tarantino remembers, just like I do, about the Saturday matinees that featured Kung Fu flicks that this movie tries and succeeds in re-creating.  This is just great movie making!  I can't wait for Volume 2!
B000002L9W|5.0|\\"Eat `em and smile\\" is the first solo effort (excluding the previous EP of covers) from Van Halen singer David Lee Roth. This album shows Roth in excellent form, delivering songs that probably made the other Van Halen guys green of envy. Roth is just blasting away in traditional Van Halen approach (best covered on the albums \\"Van Halen I &amp; II\\") and this album is packed with memorable and immortal tunes. If you like early Van Halen you should run right away to the nearest record store and get this album because you won't likely hear anything this great these days. The slower \\"Ladies night in Buffalo\\", the furious \\"Shyboy\\", the great cover of \\"Tobacco road\\", and the melodic \\"Yankee rose\\" &amp; \\"Goin' crazy\\" are just a few examples of great music from great musicians (David Lee Roth, Steve Vai, Billy Sheehan, Gregg Bissonette). Ever since this release, I have waited in vein for an equally good album from Diamond Dave.
B00000DLVA|5.0|It's no question that Trip-Hop is the perfect genre for this band as it suits Nina's Persson's haunting voice very well. It's also one the best trip-hop conducts I've heard along with Massive Attack, Portishead, Everything But The Girl and Esthero. So don't be expecting ''Love Fool'' Pt.2.<br />My favorite tracks are the slower ones like; Explode, Higher, Starter, Do You Believe and Erase &amp; Rewind.<br />The most popular cut was definitely ''Erase &amp; Rewind'' which contributed allot towards the promotion of this album and has a intelligent and good video too. The lyrics would put you in mind of songs like Cher's ''If I Could Turn Back Time''-- it's a completely different kind of song, but the lyrics are very similar.<br />However I do not think that this is the kind of album Portishead should have made, the two groups are completely different. ''Gran Turismo'' is not a follow-up to ''Dummy'' by Portishead or ''Walking Wounded'' by Everything But The Girl. This group have created their own and unique version of trip-hop.<br />This album is simply one of the best from the 90's decade, Excellent! and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!.
B0001AP12G|5.0|tight beats, witty lyrics, good guests. jamesjones has no idea what he is talking about Nelly, Chingy, Lil Flip &amp; J-Kwon are four of the worst rappers ever :)
B0001RVTXO|4.0|The only criticism that I would have about this album is that the Pixies don't need a &quot;best of&quot; album.  Their albums are strong enough on their own that I would recommend purchasing Doolittle to get an introduction to their music.  Then you won't have to question whether to buy another album due to purchasing the same songs twice.
B000001Y42|1.0|Everyone I know says this is limp's only good album. Why? it sucks. It's just a bunch of noise. And filler. except for pollution, this is a terrible CD. I even liked Chocolate Starfish and Results may Very better than this. Counterfeit's name fits the song, seeing as how it totally rips off the song Fake by Korn. And another thing: It's boring. Do yourselves a favor and just download pollution and find some real music to listen to.
0156027321|1.0|I thought the book was terrible, it was slow and uninteresting. I was extremely dissapointed. The hype about the book was so big. I thought it was going to be something great, but it could not hold my interest.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rolling Stone says that this is the 5th greatest album of all time,VH1 says this is the 6th greatest album of all time,Amazon sales figures show this is a consistent high volume seller,and Rubber Soul recently reentered the billboard charts earlier this year (along with pepper,abbey road and the white album).
B000068CNX|5.0|This second season of Friends held all the promise the first year showed, and then some. Several classic episodes are included in this set including the surreal TOW The Prom Video, TOW Eddie Won't Go, TOW the List, and the TOW Ross Finds Out. I could not recommed this set any more, just watch it and see what I am talking about.
B00005JMJ4|4.0|This film seems to have polarised viewers all over the world.  You either love it or hate it.  I loved it, but I also loved the action move The Transporter as well.  Bill Murray was great and what a performance by 18 year old Scarlett Johansson!!!  Everyone I have spoken to rates the &quot;surprise&quot; ending as the best in a romance movie for a long time.
0156012197|5.0|`The Little Prince' is a fascinating tale for people of all ages.  Children may read it because of its nifty, colorful drawings, teenagers may read it to delve further into self-discovery, and adults may want to read it because it contains a variety of figurative language.  <BR>      The author (Charles de Saint Exupery) has made the book so children can follow a story, but teenagers and adults can find a figurative meaning.  For example, the story refers to a baobab as a very dangerous tree.  If it is not uprooted while it is small, it will become too large to get rid of.  The baobabs represent habits and addictions.  If someone is exposed to a certain activity and acquires it, they will begin to feel natural doing the activity and soon, they will be doing it without even noticing.  At that point, it is too late to get rid of the habit.  <BR>       The complexity in this story doesn't come from the plot, but from the characters and what they reveal to each other.  The lessons taught by the Little Prince aren't spelled out for everyone to see; they are hidden behind words.  <BR>        If you are looking for a book that will captivate you, the reader, from start to finish is the Little Prince.  Magic, figurative language, and lessons critical to leading a successful life are as abundant in the story as clothing is around the world.
B00009V7T2|5.0|I just got this CD and have not been able to tear myself away from it.  Work and sleep are now merely times I can not listen to \\"De-Loused.\\"  <br />This album definitely takes some patience and some getting used to, but isn't that true of all your favorite albums?  A lot of the songs have some strange bridges and tempo shifts, but then shots of amazing melody that makes the whole song make sense...if that makes any sense.  I'm still having a hard time with track 5 (sorry, don't know names).  I instantly liked Track 2, still my favorite track.  Tracks 3, 6, and 10 are also standouts, although it's really hard to find a bad track on this album.  I'm sure eventually I'll even dig Track 5 <br />If you're like me, you're constantly in the market for new music, and are constantly being disappointed...but this is hard rock, prog rock, whatever you want to call it at its very best.  It's loud, smart, unique, melodic....just BUY IT.
0380018179|5.0|could not put it down.  Descriptive.  Spicy.  Delicious.
B0001Z53CY|5.0|the best damn album out there. the  best track are 40 Oz, How Come, Bitch,Loyality ft obie Trice (Gr8 intro by Eminem) and American Psycho II
6305291446|4.0|Firstly, for all of you who keep referencing all of the halloween sequels to the first, please stop. As we all know, there will never be another halloween as good as the first(as long as they keep making them), so please don't be dissapointed when the sequels aren't as good as the original. Ok, now with that said, i believe this is one of the better sequels (notice i didn't compare it to the first) in the halloween series. In this one, the actor who plays Michael(the shape), seems to have studied Michaels moves and bodily expressions from previous films and, in my opinion, improved on them. This actor was by far my favorite to have played Michael. It was somewhat a standalone movie from the previous sequels that really held it's own. I thought the acting was very good(even for the not so well known actors/actresses) and of course Jaime Lee always does a great job. The only complaint i have is that no one (the director or the writers) made any mention of Laurie's other child(the one from sequels 4,5,&amp;6) but, maybe for good reason. I liked halloween 4,5,&amp;6 but, this one put the series back in the spotlight as far as i'm concerned. We have finally had a horror icon(Freddy) vs. horror icon(Jason) but, now let's have a horror legend(Michael) vs. horror icon(Jason). Just thought i would add that for all of you horror fans out there who would like to see that one. Well anyway, i would definitely recommend this one to any halloween fan. So go ahead and get your copy today before Michael gets to you first.
0767836324|5.0|Edit 3/12/12 - I have deleted my original review since it focused on the DVD version, which is no longer relevant since they updated it.  But suffice to say, I first saw this film in my teens and even though it would normally be the type of movie I would hate, I really enjoyed it and I would probably put it somewhere in my Top 50 movies.  20 years later, I still enjoy it whenever I happen to catch it on TV.
0061008079|5.0|This book will have you avoiding housework, the kids' carpools, and making dinner.  It's one of my favorites!  (In fact, it's time to re-read!)  The characters are fully developed, the story is rich.... what more could you want?
B0001DI0FI|5.0|When I saw the previews I thought that this appeared to be a beautifully filmed movie worth seeing.  I was not prepared for the magnificent sweep of the action and the intimate details of the personal relationships.  For such a long movie, it flies by and catches you up in the lives of the sailors and the tension of the chase.  This is my first Russell Crowe movie and I must say he is indeed a magnificent actor.  I liked it so much that now I have to own a copy.
B000060P79|2.0|Simple Plan is every other pop-punk band out there. They are not original or new, sounding the same as Good Charlotte, New Found Glory and Wakefield. The music is likeable, but it never reaches to an original or different style. With about eight gutiar chords and three drum beats, they try to create songs with depth or originality like &quot;Perfect&quot; or &quot;I'm Just a Kid,&quot; but it's obvioius that they are manufucatered to cater to what's popular with music now. Although some of the music is enjoyable, the lead singer's voice becomes whiny, the music exactly the same and the lyrics are predictible. Obviously, Simple Plan attempts to become the new punk band, while coming out with music that is just like everyone else's.
630469654X|5.0|A story about a Curse, a corrupt Priest and a Love that defied darkness. This was the first movie I had ever seen Michelle P. in and her beauty was flawless, as I love Romance novels this movie really appealed to me. Rutger Hauer was every woman's Noble Knight. Matthew Broderich was so funny as was the priest that lived in the run-down castle.<br />I highly recommend this movie for youngsters as the story is exciting and tells the story that LOVE truimphs over Evil. A Priest in love with a woman he can not have, the captain of the guard is in love with the same woman who loves him as well. The Priest can't have her and finds out that the 2 are in love and damn them to a life forever apart. There is a thief (Matthew B.) who is the only known person to have escaped the dungeons of Aquilar, Navarre (Rutgar H.) happens upon him hears of this is and is greatly interested in getting into the Fortress of Aquilar to destroy the corrupt priest who has damned himself, Navarre and Isabeau (Michelle P.) (sigh) what lovely names.....<br />The guards of Aquilar have been told to recapture the theif (Matthew) and return/and or kill him to the dungeons. Of course these guards are the same guards that used to answer to Navarre. Wonderfully exciting story and a mystery too!!<br />Respectfully Reviewed
B000002UAO|2.0|Easily the last of the major albums (I'm not counting Yellow Submarine) that I would recommend to someone new to exploring the Beatles' music. The first several albums, up through A Hard Day's Night, were great and I would recommend those highly. After that, maybe Let It Be and Abbey Road. The middle albums were among the least attractive, but even Magical Mystery Tour is better than Rubber Soul.
B00005B1W7|4.0|The '70s was the golden era of TV mini-series, and this is one of the better ones that came along, dealing with moral and ethical themes in an intelligent fashion.  The performances are generally quite good, especially Anthony Hopkins as a doctor accused of (...) atrocities and writer Ben Gazzara as his accuser, though his character is a little too abrasive and sarcastic to be totally likeable.<br />On the negative side, there are some shots, especially at the beginning, that are so shaky they look like outtakes from EARTHQUAKE, the Arab characters are played by Caucasians in dark make-up (conjuring up unpleasant memories of Al Jolson in blackface (some aspects of Arabic culture might not be totally authentic, either)), and there is little sense of the writer's effort in creating an epic novel or of the knowledge he uncovered implicating the doctor in (...) experiments (a few minutes of him pounding away at the typewriter in the middle of the night or pouring through piles of documents would have gone a long way toward establishing credibility here).  Nevertheless, there are some moments of great power, particularly those involving the doctor achieving recognition for his selfless post-war work, and the writer's painful return to his Jewish faith after the death of his father.  Not classic TV, but well worth a few nights of your time.
0060930187|5.0|The Bell Jar is, what is consider, one of Sylvia Plath's greatest works.  Plath wrote this novel as a biographical fiction.  Sylvia Plath took the main events during a certain part of her life and changed the names and characters. This novel eloquently describes Plath's downward spiral to depression in, what some criticas call, a Salinger mood.  The themes in this novel vary from Esther Greenwood, the main character, dealing with the loss of her virginity to her hatred of the domestic role that women of her time were forced to play. I really enjoyed this book because it was real.  It is interesting to know that the insane events that occur in the novel actually happened to the author.  I would recommend this book to anyone that has an open mind to read about suicide, sex, and electroshock therepy. Read and enjoy!
0800141660|5.0|This movie is one of my all-time favorites.  I watch it because I find it warm and comforting.  The drama and acting was superb.  <br />I think Alan Rickman just about stole the show.  He's wonderful in everything.  This is the only movie that I've seen him play a good guy, and he's absolutely wonderful.  You can't help but to fall in love with him.  Where are the Colonel Brandons of this world!<br />I was highly impressed with Kate Winslet and Emma Thompson.  They were so convincing as the Dashwood sisters that I'll never be able to separate them from the roles.  <br />On top of the fine acting, magnificent scenery, and lovely costumes, you have thoughtful cinematography.  Pay close attention to the framing of the scenes.  I particularly like the scene where the atlas is delivered to the cottage but not by Edward.  While Elinor and her mother are talking about Edward you notice that the camera zooms away.  The door frame becomes a picture frame for the scene.  You feel like you're in the house, almost eavesdropping.  Then Elinor closes the atlas as if to say the conversation is over.  There are subtle moves like that throughout the entire movie.
B000002UAX|2.0|With four out of the last six reviewers giving the White Album a 1-star rating, I have to step up and defend it.  There are 10 good songs out of 30 on here, which is proportionally worth two stars.  I will agree that &quot;Happiness is a Warm Gun&quot; is one of the worst songs ever recorded, but don't penalize the whole album for it.
0375704027|5.0|Wow! I was completely enchanted by this lyrical novel. The character development is outstanding and the mood really grabs you and gives the words a sense of depth and intense presence. <BR>Toru Watanabe is a young man coming into his own and deciding how to live. He does choose to live though, when so many others around him are choosing to die. It is powerful to see his struggles to \\"wind his spring\\" as so much comes crashing down around him and he deals with the monotony of life. <br />He is torn between two loves, until Reiko shows him that it is wonderful to be able to love at all, it is a gift, and that he should not feel bad for loving two women. Naoko and he have a relationship on the edge of life and death which intoxicates him and draws him to her. Midori is an amazing character (I absolutely loved her!) and so full of life that it helps keep him connected to the living world. <br />I especially enjoyed how sex was used in such creative ways. Sex was used to help us identify with the characters, to illuminate the difference between flesh and soul, to illustrate the frustrations of growing up, to form a friendship, to share passion, just to be alive! <br />This book did remind me of the Japanese version of The Catcher in the Rye, and Toru does read that novel quite often. There is just something about this book that transcends language and explanation. I loved this book and will definitely enjoy reading it again! A must read!
B0001Z53AQ|4.0|yes, i must disagree with who just wrote that it is a \\"waste of time\\" buying this cd, belive me, its NOT.. Deffinatley is an improvemnt from devils night\\" Best tracks ( in my opinion) are My band (lead single) \\"Bitch\\" where eminem KILLS the first verse (thats the em i know!)also proof has a great flow in his verse American Psyco ll (produced by DR.DRE) that pretty much says it all) Get my gun (great eminem part im glad to hear his angry voice that we havent heard in awhile) 40 oz.(next single) mainly all the songs are good, those just happen to be my fav. also props 2 d12 for showing their fun side, yet also showing their sensitive side on \\"good die young\\" a tribute too their late member bugz\\" who passed in 99. Still the cd doesnt compare to an eminem solo [nothing ever does] n also MAJOR PROPS to d12 AND EM for a killer performance that i was so blessed to be their on direct effect out in the rain!! you guys kick ass n if u dont have this album.. GO GET IT !
B0000399WI|5.0|A great work depecting how hope/determination can be the main driving force in a man's life when he is surrounded with not-so good situations and trying to cope with fears of others as well as his.<br />Tim Robbins &amp; Morgan Freeman shine all thru..!!<br />Rarely anyone would disagree of this masterpiece as not worth a collectible.
B000002UB6|4.0|Released in 1970, a great farewell album for the Beatles.  This is as close as they came to re-capturing the magic behind the early years. Recommended!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|In my mind, Firefly completely blows away any other show I've ever seen on TV. The character development is fantastically well done, and the show flows from episode to episode incredibly well. Due to some unfortunate circumstances, it was cancelled before it could hit its stride or tell much of its story. A show this good deserves a chance from any sci-fi fan or anybody who likes good television, not to mention a second chance on the air.
B00005ASHM|5.0|From the opening notes of &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; to the closing notes of &quot;Caroline No&quot;, this is nearly a flawless work of art. Brian Wilson's arrangements and melodies on Pet Sounds are a milestone in modern music.  The Beatles knew it, and held it out as an inspiration, which continues to bother Bealtle-blind fans to this day.  And no, I would never compare Rubber Soul (2 stars), Revolver (2 stars) or Sgt. Pepper(3 stars) to this, because those albums aren't in Pet Sounds' (5 stars) league.
B0001LJC2K|5.0|I've been a solid Radiohead fan for years and still am. in 1999 when Muse released Showbiz (a great album by the way) i became interested in the new band from Devon. After Origen of Symmetry i rated Muse as high as i did Radiohead but Absolution is just in a different league altogether. Muse make Radiohead look like ammeteurs in many departments especially the vocals where Matt Bellamy is simply brilliant.<br />Last Winter i went to see Radiohead and Muse live within 7 days in Cardif, Uk. Radiohead were brilliant but Muse were absoloutly OUTSTANDING. I've seen several live bands such as The Darkness, Coldplay, The Chillis, Robbie Williams to name a few and none of them beat Muse.<br />Muse are the best live band arround, by far.<br />People have criticised Muse for copying Radiohead and to some extent they have but they have now taken the best from Radiohead and added to it. Whats wrong with that?<br />Absolution contains several brilliant songs and several very good songs. Stockholm Syndrome, Butterflies &amp; Hurricanes and Hysteria are the 3 that stand out for me.  Stockholm Syndrome has the strongest chorus on the album where the vocals, guitar, drums and background piano combine to produce a perfect musical harmony. Hysteria offers a superb bassline which is added to by the vocals. This is the fastest piece on the album and the miost 'rocky'. Butterflies &amp; Hurricanes has to be listened to to be understood. It is a brilliant combination of every type of music on the album including a full orchestra. Trying to describe it in words is immpossible, just buy the album purley for this track - its worth it.<br />Absolution is undoubtedly the album of 2003 and still is the best we've had this year. I cannot emphasise how good this album is for your own good buy it - you can't go wrong.<br />In case you didn't know Muse are touring America this Spring/Summer so if you get the chance, do yourself a favour, GO AND SEE THEM.
B000002L5P|5.0|The Smiths debut LP is a classic in my book. Sure it isn't their best (The Queen Is Dead takes that honor) but there are tons of great tunes to be found on here. My favorite song on the whole album has to be &quot;Suffer Little Children&quot;, a song that was inspired by the Moors Murders which took place in Manchester around the 1960's. There's also the classic singles &quot;This Charming Man&quot; and &quot;What Difference Does It Make?&quot; which can be found on this album. This is definately worth picking up.
B00018D44U|1.0|I really appreciated her first album but 'Feels like home' is a bunch of horrible crap. Only recommended to people who have too much money to keep and to people with a serious case of Insomnia. I suppose success went right through her creativity.
B000002HH9|4.0|I'm a big Cure fan and I read most of the reviews here and most of them are pretty negative. True, this isn't the Cure's best album but it isn't all that bad. Sure, there are some annoying songs on here such as &quot;Round &amp; Round &amp; Round&quot; and &quot;The 13th&quot; (why that was chosen as a single, i'll probably never know). &quot;Mint Car&quot; is an acceptable pop song. &quot;Gone!&quot;, &quot;Strange Attraction&quot;, and &quot;Treasure&quot; are the best on here I think. If you're a Cure fan, then this deserves to be in your music collection today. If your new to the Cure, check out &quot;Staring At The Sea&quot; or &quot;Disintegration&quot; first.
0142000663|1.0|There have been many negative reviews for this book, but unfortunately most of them have been less than eloquent.  Some of you who enjoyed this book seem to have noticed that.  Well, I'm going to start this review off more than eloquently.<br />\\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" is an utterly pointless, sneering exercise in self-importance.  It seems as though Steinbeck wrote this thinking, \\"This is the single greatest piece of literature ever created by man, and I am the most amazing human being to ever put pen to paper!  All will bow to me!\\"  I'm so sorry to point out how wrong you are, Mr. Steinbeck.<br />This is a story about the Joads.  Fair enough.  The Joads go to California in search of work because the big bad capitalists blew their house down.  Fair enough.  There's a great deal of not-so-subtle Christ imagery with Reverend Casy.  Not entirely necessary, but fair enough.  The point to all of this is, \\"The Grapes of Wrath\\" isn't so much a novel as a published mishmash of themes.<br />The book has no plot at all.  It simply follows this family as they migrate across the country while Steinbeck tells us how fantastic Communism is, and we should all do it.  The author stands high on his pedestal and preaches to his readers, while failing to actually tell an engaging story.<br />The characterization in the book is horrid.  For some reason, critics find it a fabulous idea for Steinbeck to have created a group of one dimensional characters.  I don't know where they studied, but to me, that's bad writing.  Most of these cookie-cutter characters are hardly paid any mind during the book, and a good deal of them depart from the family by some means.  The handful of characters Steinbeck does choose to focus on are in desperate need of deeper personalities.  As it stands, I found it very difficult to actually care about what happened to any of them, and so I lost interest.  This loss of interest makes it very difficult to read this book, because the reader must trudge through, at a snail's pace, hundreds of pages about characters he could care less about.<br />I have a thought that the term \\"anti-climactic\\" was somehow spawned by this book.  As if to prove to us that the novel does, indeed, go absolutely nowhere plotwise, Steinbeck ends the novel with Rose of Sharon offering her breastmilk to a starving full grown man.  Oooh, racy, John Steinbeck, you must be a good author now!  ...Well, no.  After devoting several hours of my life to this monster of a book, I expected to fell a trifle more satisfied by the conclusion.  Hell, \\"rah-rah communism\\" is a better ending than what is currently there.<br />So, I really can't find a reason to like this book, and a lot of that stems from the fact that I can't bring myself to like or respect Steinbeck.  Get off your high horse, already.  Most people have stopped caring.t a snail's pace, hundreds of pages about characters he could care less about.<br />I have a thought that the term \\"anti-climactic\\" was somehow spawned by this book.  As if to prove to us that the novel does, indeed, go absolutely nowhere plotwise, Steinbeck ends the novel with Rose of Sharon offering her breastmilk to a starving full grown man.  Oooh, racy, John Steinbeck, you must be a good author now!  ...Well, no.  After devoting several hours of my life to this monster of a book, I expected to fell a trifle more satisfied by the conclusion.  Hell, \\"rah-rah communism\\" is a better ending than what is currently there.<br />So, I really can't find a reason to like this book, and a lot of that stems from the fact that I can't bring myself to like or respect Steinbeck.  Get off your high horse, already.  Most people have stopped caring.
B0001UL7RY|5.0|Well what can I say? This album is by far a better album then her first one. One of the nice things is that all the songs are better then \\"Don't Tell Me\\" Which is a good song, but they are all so much better. Get it and love it!
B00004T9UF|5.0|The Marshall Mathers LP is the one Hardcore rap fans must have. It is probably the best but very offensive. For those who can't take the offensive music should not listen it and write that his music is garbage (yeah, i'm talkin to you haters....)<br />See, this album is just that good enough to be controversial. it explains all Eminem's irrational behaviours and jokes for some stereotypes thinkin only black can rap. Plus the album influenced the society with his superb music.<br />Track Review<br />Public Service Announcement - I think this is hilarious. Usually, i skip the interlude but this one is short but funny.<br />Kill You - This song is tight but not one of my favourite track, i give it 4/5<br />Stan - Most commercialised song out of this album, i reckon but i don't like this song much, it's 4/5<br />Paul - Track filler but it's all good...<br />Who Knew - Most people would find THIS SONG offensive but the beats and Em's lyrics are tight. 4.5/5<br />Steve Berman - I found it bored but when you hear background music, you should listen it.<br />The Way I am - One of highlight because Eminem wrote it by himself, plus this song is emotional. i think i'm sick of it though so i give it 4.5/10<br />The Real Slim Shady - Now this song is the very first song by Eminem i heard and i loved it. the beat was catchy, his lyrics were funny and the clip was hilarious. i bought the album because of this song. it's 5/5<br />Remember Me - I didn't like this song at first but if you listen it, it's damn good. i especially liked Sticky Fingaz's verse but still 3.5/5<br />I'm Back - Funny beat with great lyrics, you gotta give it 5/5...<br />Marshall Mathers - the beat is mediocre but the lyrics are tight. i give it 4/5..<br />Kent Kaniff - Y'know, every tracks that feature Ken is hilarious but it's OBSCENE. i think this was funny....<br />Drug Ballad - This is one of my favourite song. i give it 5/5...<br />Amityville - The only downfall of this track is the verse by Bizarre. 4/5<br />Bitch Please - Gangsta rap is the best description you can give it for this song. but i listened it too much so i give it 4.5/5<br />Kim - Song about beatin his wife. only a few like this song. 2.5/5<br />Under The Influence - Damn, this song is hot. Every verses by D-12 are dope, even verse of Bizarre. surprisingly good. 5/5<br />Criminal - Only thing is i can say about this song is hilarious and give it 4.5/5...<br />There you go, People really shouldn't make a big deal out of Eminem's potty mouth but his artistic point of view in this world. For those who are true music fan, i recommend this 100%
B00008DDSA|1.0|Boy, Spader must have been at a low point in his career when he accepted this role. Pretty stupid film. Waste of time, certainly a waste of money.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|How wonderful it is to see these episodes, absent of the commercials and all the &quot;WB&quot; promo nonsense. This is truly a classic, a show from which I pick up new things each viewing....as the fast dialogue often slips by the first time around. [&quot;Do you like duck?&quot; &quot;Only if its made with chicken.&quot;]<br />My few &quot;nits&quot; would be in having the menu default to &quot;play all&quot; instead of &quot;episodes&quot; and not having one of the cast members do commentary.<br />The pluses far outweigh the minuses though. The packaging is beautiful. The clarity of the transfers is crisp and clean. <br />One can only hope that the other seasons are also released. {Anyone know if the seasons done in HDTV are also widescreen?)<br />One other issue....am I the only one who would love to see Lauren Graham's &quot;M.Y.O.B.&quot; released to DVD?
B00005K9LN|5.0|If you like heavy metal, hard rock, guitar rock, or any other one of the endless names given to late 70's / early 80's rock n' roll you have to own British Steel. This album alone shows where rock stood in the dying days of disco and what was to come with spandex sporting Eddie Van Halen wannabe's focusing more on cans of hair spray than guitar work. Judas Priest (the original line-up and not the karaoke years with Ripper as singer) is one of the greatest bands of all time, and British Steel is one of thier best albums. You get the fantastic Priest anthems like &quot;United&quot; and &quot;Metal Gods&quot; to the pre-Metallica thrash of &quot;Rapid Fire&quot;. The great songs on this disk all surround what is possibly THE Judas Priest signature song of &quot;Living After Midnight&quot;. Priest's dual guitar works is top notch with Tipton and Downing at their prime. Rob Halford is truly an amazing vocalist! If all you have heard off of this disk is &quot;Living after Midnight&quot; do yourself a favor and pick up the disk. I am so glad to hear Halford has reunited with the band and are touring this year. Priest live is must for any metal fan.
B000002HH9|4.0|Wild Mood Swings is different from most Cure stuff because the songs on it go in all directions.  I like the sad songs more than the happy songs on it.  Want, This Is a Lie, and Numb are the best to me.  I have to say this, but I find Mint Car and Round&amp;round&amp;round annoying- but they don't bring the album down, it's mostly good.  Oh yeah, if you still hate what I'm saying, Wild Mood Swings' front cover art from the case turns into a small poster, I don't know about you guys but I love s*** like that to hang up on my wall so people will think I'm cool.
B000063DFN|4.0|IMO Iron Maiden had a period of 4 consecutive albums from 1982-1986 where they were in their prime: Number of the Beast, Piece of Mind, Powerslave, Somewhere in Time. I'd recommend you start with these and if u like 'em maybe get some more.<BR>The only bona-fide hit single type song is &quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&quot;. The only clunker is &quot;The Duellists&quot; - a decent song ruined by an extra-cheesy chorus. The rest is pretty good too.<BR>The videos are pretty funny actually, ahhh.. 80s metal... :-)
B00005JMEW|5.0|But i really can't im am just awstruck I had no idea a movie can be made that way. It was perfect just so perfect. If you like any movie that has no wait i cant even say that. It is so good that I would reccomend it to 4 year old no joke. I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! .
0780626966|5.0|This is the best box set I have ever seen. With all 6 elm st.<BR>movies and even the New Nightmare thrown in this is one <BR>big set. Also included is The Nightmare encyclopedia with<BR>hours upon hours of interviews with everyone who ever had<BR>anything to do with these movies. <br />The set also comes with a pair of 3-d glasses for use on the finale of Freddy's dead. It really does enhance the ending.<br />I paid nearly 120 dollars when this set came out, so the price drop is welcome. <br />overall this is a must buy.
B000060P79|1.0|I uzed two lick Sample Plane... but then they turned into poppy krap... just outter grabage... junk in the rainbow... just complicate losers... I Will never buy this cd again... it wasted me 20$... thats alot of casch were I come frome... now why is this band so bad you assK??? They just suck... their cant sing... there singer sux.. and they guitary is just awful... I feel sorry for there mothers..
B00005RHGK|1.0|This is the worst movie I have ever seen. From the complete<BR>lack of explination as to what the hell that creature is.<BR>To the stupidity of the main characters. Gee, I'm driving<BR>down the road and I see some creepy old guy throw bodies in<BR>the well. Hmmn....Time for Sherlock Holmes here to investigate.<BR>Let me go down to the well where it looks like a madman is throwing body bags. Some how I must be more invincible than the <BR>mortals he slayed previosuly. Now I am being chased by a creature. Let me keep asking this woman who knows just as little as the audience about this creature or what is going on.<br />Stupid! dumb! boring! what the! is this for real!<BR>who is this made for! the stoned.<br />and some how they made a sequal.............................<br />This movie should be used as a form of torture.<br />It is the worst piece of American Cinema Ever.
0440180295|5.0|In a time where war is no stranger to anyone, this book gives an honest and hard look at the effects of war on life. I could not put this book down. Although this is my first Vonnegut book that I have read, his ability to mix humor with tragedy in a smooth and natural way displays his brilliance. I highly recommend this book to anyone seeking to expand their literary horizon.
B00003CXCT|5.0|to all the fanboys out there that dont like the special edition:<BR>stop complaining and move on.i like the special edition.why on earth do you wanna see the original movie with all the super bad effects??ok jabba looks fake,but thats about it.i dont care if greedo shoots first.if you dont like it,fine.move on and stop watching star wars.for us real fans we can still enjoy the coolest movies of all time
0156027321|5.0|Annotation: The Life of Pi is about a boy who lives with his parents in India. His father owns a zoo and the family lives at the zoo. Pi learns a lot about animals during his time in the zoo much of which ends up saving his life. Pi's father decides to move the family to Canada, but first, they must sell and deliver all of the animals. They take a ship from India across the Pacific Ocean with all of their belongings and animals. The ship sinks and Pi ends up stranded on a lifeboat with various animals. The majority of the story takes place on the lifeboat and is an amazing tale of survival.<br />Author: Yann Martel was born in Spain in 1963. His parents were of Canadian decent. He has lived many places some of which include: Mexico, British Columbia, and Alaska. He studied philosophy at Trent University. After College he began to write and has been living solely as a writer since the age of 27. He is the prize-winning author of The Facts behind the Helsinki Roccomatios.<br />Evaluation: This is a very good book and I would recommend it to everyone. It's especially entertaining and inspirational. It's hard to believe but this story is actually based on a true story. This story has a spiritual side to it too; Pi is a very religious person who is part of three different religions. During his journey he prays a lot and that is perhaps why he makes it trough his horrible journey. Praying gives him the power to fight on when it seems hopeless. This is a very powerful story even if you aren't religious and everyone should read it.
B000002GGU|5.0|Bryan Adams' fourth album in 1984 with whopping six huge hits is by far the best Bryan Adams album so far. The theme is simple and clear &quot;He just wanna rock hard!&quot;. This reflects 80s heavy-edged power pop culmination. He felt the air of music scene and he filled the music fans need with such explosive manner. Also this is the solution to fit his unique vocal range to be alive as possible. His earlier albums tried to fit the cleanly high-tone melodic pop trend but this album he adapted backing sound to fit his husky voice. RUN TO YOU is a nice example. He cut his vocal part and put the backing sound for could-be vocal substitution. This worked well in other tracks as well. Then simple but energetic rock music was born. Also he made this album as live-like as possible. In fact, his biggest hit HEAVEN is aired in &quot;live-version&quot;. Video clip of SOMEBODY became quite simple using live scene quite effectively. He also joined the rockers alliance to revive the Rock'n Soul legend Tina Turna with &quot;IT'S ONLY LOVE&quot; and that boosted this albums attention as well. SUMMER OF '69  is one of the most played &quot;summer songs&quot; to date.<br />Essential album for 80's rock fans.
B000050FEN|4.0|Sunday, May 16, 2004 / 4 of 5 / Grisly as ever but always intriguing.  When I first saw Seven upon release I was at once struck by its utter grimness but intrigued by the plotline. It hasn't lost any of its power in the ensuing years, it is still one of the pinnacles of the thriller/crime/horror genre.  The study in contrasts in this film are striking, Morgan Freeman as the retiring, intellectual, and beaten down detective paired with Brad Pitt, wise cracking, street smart and still possessing a nave optimism.  Watching the slow build up as they uncover the wretched crimes of Kevin Spacey, in a chilling performance as John Doe, is a study in not being able to look away from something horrible.  Filmed almost entirely in dank, dark, raining atmosphere similar to `The Ring' the oppression hangs in the air.  Only as the film nears its still shocking conclusion do the clouds part, but rather than shining down on the washed away grime, it only serves to illuminate the final horror.  Recommended.
B0001AP12G|4.0|Kanye West is one of the freshest, most innovative artists to hit the stage recently. I got tired of hearing Hip-Hop that sounded just like everything else but Kanye takes it to another level. <br />WE DON'T CARE- First song that has the sing-along chorus to it. This cut talks about doing what it takes to get by and the obstacles that come from living that lifetime but at the same time overcoming that. Song is encouraging and jus is hot. It is laidback, and something to listen to for sho. Miri Ben-Ari who appears on Twista's project and Patti LaBelle's latest TIMELESS <BR>JOURNEY adds the violin to this track. A <br />ALL FALLS DOWN- Current Spring single off the project. Syleena Johnson appears on this track which is like a Hip-Hop ballad or slow jam. The song is talking about things that fall down in life. It gets you thinking about stuff if you listen to the lyrics and Syleena sounds better than she ever has adding her vocals to the chorus and riffing all over the place. A <br />I'LL FLY AWAY- Little interlude with the Gospel song about flying away. <br />SPACESHIP- Old-school cut that features GLC and Consequences. It contains elements from Marvin Gaye's DISTANT LOVE song and is just a song you gotta listen to to take your interpretation from. It is something to definitely think about kinda talking about working hard but getting no where but wanting to take the space ship somewhere else. The song is hot and creative. A <br />JESUS WALKS- This is what I am talking about. The song kinda has the Army or War vibe to it as well as the religious with the background vocals and the low hum that continues throughout. It is hot hearing Kanye come at us with a Gospel track. It is refreshing and tells the truth about radio supporting the cut or not just because Jesus is mentioned. A+ <br />NEVER LET ME DOWN- Jay Z appears on this as well as J-IVY has that \\"Get up, I get down\\". The slow cut that talks about the important things in life such as family and other loved ones instead of having that high regard for the temporary, superficial things. This song is hot for real. A <br />GET EM'HIGH- Featuring Talib Kweli and Common, this cut is about getting a girl to the house to do the do with Talib pushing him on but the song is talking about a few other things at the beginning. B+ <br />THE NEW WORKOUT PLAN- I am sure everybody has heard this creative song which talks about nothing but working out. The song is like nothing else heard before. I call it the Ghetto Workout Plan. A <br />SLOW JAMZ- Everybody and they granmda has heard this so I won't waste time really reviewing the track which features Jamie Foxx and Twista. I cant hear this anymore. A- <br />BREATHE IN, BREATHE OUT- Featuring Ludacris and Miri Ben-Ari on violins, this cut which talks about getting cash is like something else I have heard before. Ludacris or crazy Luda adds something to the cut as always. The song is alright but is like <BR>the first real filler track. B+ <br />SCHOOL SPIRIT- The title explains it all and Aretha Franklin's SPIRIT IN THE DARK is sampled here and a Mickey Mouse version of her voice appears here. The song is hot and innovative just because Kanye couples that old school piece with this and then talks about school at the same time. That is probably what is one of the hottes qualities about Kanye that he couples and mixes things together that you would not think. A <br />TWO WORDS- Probably the weakest cut on the CD featuring Mos Def, Freeway and the Harlem Boys Choir, this seems too hardcore for Kanye. I aint used to hearig this kinda music from him. I usually skip over this cut. C+ <br />THROUGH THE WIRE- Modeled off Chaka Khan's THORUGH THE FIRE, this creative and hot track is something that everybody has heard. The song is touching and dramatic. I like the inclusion of Chaka's here. A+ <br />FAMILY BUSINESS- \\"All that glitters is not gold\\" is included here with a man saying it. The song is about one of the strongest fabric of us all and that is the family. The music, the lyrics, the arragement, everything comes together to make for an emotional effect that is needed on the track. Another one of the best tracks. A+ <br />LAST CALL- Song is kinda long at over 12 minutes. It is a little bit of everything going on here but the beat is smooth and hot. A- <br />Overall, Kanye's CD is tight and hot at the same time. One of <BR>the main things I like about his CD is that he gets you to thinking about some serious stuff. It just ain't about getting the money or getting in somebody's (...), Kanye talks about everything from the hard life to school to God. It is off da hook about this fact because we get to hear about a little bit of everything. If Kanye keeps it up, he will be around for a long time because this material is already veteran rapper material.
B000002B2T|3.0|This album have some very good songs. But just a few are really good songs. I think they would have made this album better cutting off some boring songs like that one Mark Lanegan sings. He is a great singer, but this song is very bored. Of course, Layne is an increadible musician, they made some very interesting riffs, the sadness in the songs are cool... but this album does not make me feel like when I listen to Alice in Chains.
006054094X|1.0|Menzies claims that in 1421 English King Henry V could not outfit his soldiers with guns. In the book &quot;Gunpowder&quot; by Jack Kelly it is stated that in 1415 Henry V bombed an aea of France with cannons! Clearly if Henry's army had cannons they surely had muskets. Menzies is just plain wrong in his over-glorification of early 15th century China compared to early 15th century Europe.
0061020710|1.0|The first Discworld book; I borrowed it from the library and read it for curiosity's sake. It makes me really appreciate how far Pratchett's writing has come. Although a lot of the typical Discworld elements are here, most of them fall flat. It is broken into chapters, more like distinct short stories, and they vary wildly also. (Perhaps this is why Pratchett now does not use chapter breaks?) The first story introduces Rincewind, Twoflower, and life in Ankh-Morpork, and starts off the book fairly well. By the third we are stuck in a very muddled, uninteresting story involving dragons, and the language veers wildly back and forth between the Pratchett we've come to know and love, and badly cliched serious fantasy. Pratchett doesn't seem to know which way to turn to get through this one. The fourth segment redeems itself slightly but ends in a cliffhanger. If you can get through this without grinding your teeth, you're a tougher reader than I am (or you've just got a tin ear for bad dialog). My recommendation is to skip the first two, and perhaps all the Rincewind books entirely, and start with Equal Rites or the standalone The Truth.
B00005AQF7|3.0|BOMB ISH HOMIE NIZZLE PICK THIS CIZZLE DIZZLE UP FO' RIZZLE! THIS ISH OFF THE HOOK OFF THA CHAIN IN DA SKREETS U KNO' HOW WE DO HOLLA! SNOOPY GOT DAT BLING BLING HOMIE THAT'S OFF THA CHIZZAIN AND THE BIZZLES ALL OVER MY DIZZLE WHEN I BUMP DIS IN MY FLY RIDE! GANGSTA STYLE FO REAL DOGG THIS BUMPS LIKE A FAT BIATCH RUNNIN ON A TREADMIZZLE! I'M OUT HOLLA AT YA BOY WESTSIDE EASTSIDE GANGSTA PLAYA FO LIFE!
0441003257|3.0|I was hoping this would be very good, given how much I liked American Gods, but it isn't. The angel characters are funny, as is the young Antichrist and his dog, but the world just doesn't come into focus very well. Too much of the plot hinges on way-out last-second magical intervention.
0440133688|3.0|I read this book when I was a medical resident at a Southern BMS (Best Medical School), and I was convinced that the author (&quot;Dr. X&quot; at the time) was a colleague! His language, descriptions of patients, anecdotes, and staff portrayals were too similar not to have come directly from the wards and clinics where I worked. And, I was horrified to see, from another vantage point, what I and my fellow residents were becoming. When I re-read the book decades later, I was grateful that a great many things have changed in our approaches to training new physicians. <BR>There are two primary aspects of interest in this book: first, it is an uproariously funny book to anyone who trained in an urban medical center in the 1960-1970 era (others will miss 90% of the &quot;in-group&quot; humor), and, second, it is a devastating indictment of the way that physicians were trained at medical centers in the middle of the 20th century. <BR>It is a good read, but now of most interest to 50+ year-old physicians and nurses.
0061020680|4.0|This is the story of Death and his young sidekick, Mort. There are lots of nice details about life in Ankh-Morpork as well as various hinterlands. The coming-of-age aspect is nicely done, with Mort proceeding from an inept farmhand to become Death's apprentice and eventually his rival. Like Pratchett's best Discworld novels, there is a light touch of serious philosophical inquiry here about the nature of reality and just what would happen if you really could change history. When Death walks off the job, to wander Ankh-Morpork drinking top-shelf liquor and working as a short-order cook, the results are hilarious. The story is somewhat comparable to Piers Anthony's _On a Pale Horse_, but Anthony suffers by comparison for his lack of real world-building and his insufferable seriousness. The side characters here are great, and include Death's daughter, and his servant Albert, who turns out to be of more importance than he seems. As is unfortunately typical in Discworld books, the ending is a mad scramble to tie up loose ends, but this is still one of the better Discworld novels.
B0001L3LUE|1.0|Amazon is not posting my critical review about how the film whitewashes McNamara's complicity in JFK's &amp; LBJ's business venture known as the Vietnam War.  Nice censorship.  Wonder if they will post this one.
0553573403|5.0|I was amazed at this wonderful story telling I found in these books. There is nothing better then picking up a book you know nothing about and finding the most wonderful story inside. I have all the books now that are out in the series and will read each more then once I am sure.<br />The first book I read for 8 hours straight and did not ever realize it. Most amazing story telling that can not be put down.
B000002MIF|5.0|Still Ill gets the honor of being my favorite songs of all time... no doubt about it. The live version on this album is even better than the debut album version. Brilliant along with the rest of the album. The album gives us the full energy of the band during the early days and still stands as strong today - many years later.
0140177396|4.0|Stienbeck's &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; was a prime novel, filled with important issues and underlying motives. There were many forshadowing events that led up to the (to me) unexpected ending. <BR>   The two charactors, George and Lennie, are developed into astounding realisim. From the descisons and the thought patterns to thier problems and people skills the two men bloom into fenominal people.<BR>   I enjoyed this novel because it constantly had me reading inbetween the lines. It also captured my attention with its realisem.
B00018D44U|4.0|After the mind-blowingly huge success of &quot;Come Away With Me,&quot; I can imagine that poor Norah Jones was scared to death when this one got ready to hit shelves. I was too - a huge fan of the first album, I had high expectations for this release. In the end, though, &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; and &quot;Come Away With Me&quot; are such apples and oranges, there's no real way to compare the two. I don't feel that she made a better album than &quot;Come Away...,&quot; but listening to the sweet, sly, catchy groove that gets established early on in &quot;Home,&quot; in some way's she's 'done it again.' &quot;Sunrise&quot; is an incredibly addicting little ditty that eases through the air with style, &quot;Carnival Town&quot; is a quaint, odd little tune that evokes lazy summery images. And then Jones brings down the house with her first tear-jerker song ever, &quot;Humble Me.&quot; Detailing the trials of a single mother, it sidesteps sentimentality and goes right for the gut (&quot;it never rains when you want it to&quot;). Then again, a few songs on the album, to say the least, are an acquired taste. If the whole country deal isn't your forte, &quot;Creepin' In,&quot; a rousing duet with Dolly Parton, will make your ears bleed, but a few listens expose its charm. &quot;Be Here To Love Me&quot; falls into that same category, but just may be the best song on the album. I won't deny that there are a few duds: &quot;Above Ground&quot; just never seems to go anywhere, and &quot;Those Sweet Words&quot; is a little too syrupy for its own good. All is forgiven, though, in a perfect Duke Ellington cover, entitled &quot;Don't Miss You At All.&quot; When Jones isn't making music, I'd have to say the complete opposite applies to her - I look forward to what she does next.
0140177396|4.0|I liked the book, but it was kind of sad in a good way though because no matter what George knew that Lennie was going to die so he killed him in a less painfull way.<BR>   Steinbeck created really good characthers because they were so believable that it could of most likely been a non-fiction story. It's a good novel for young adults because it talks about stuff that could happen in real life and little kids might not understand the story or the words in the story. The social issue that it relates to is probably racism.
B0001L3LUE|4.0|If you would have told me a few years ago that documentaries would be a major moviegoing attraction and, in my humble opinion, a great part of the bright future of film...I'd say you're nuts. But with Bowling For Columbine (as salacious and inaccurate as it is, you can't deny it's not passionate), Spellbound, Winged Migration, Capturing the Friedmans, and now this year's winner for Best Documentary, The Fog of War, I believe it now more than ever. War bravely points a camera right into the face of former U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara, and for nearly two hours, he dissects some of the haziest issues in American history - the Cuban missile crisis, the Vietnam war, and the devastation that the latter created. McNamara, the SD during those disasters, lends insight that is pointed, at times ironic, and often bone-chilling (one shiver-worthy moment: his assertion that luck saved America from certain destruction in the Cuban missile crisis). <br />          What takes War to its next level of achievement, though, is the underlying theme that knits the whole film together: McNamara's deep, mournful eyes intimately communicate the notion that he knows he made mistakes, but also that there is no way he can change any of them. The fact that it rings true for everyone will haunt you for days, and indeed, certain images and facts from the film will, too (my only gripe - with McNamara's insight and Philip Glass's fluid, pulsing score, are all of the bizarre visuals Morris intersperses with the film always necessary?). This movie will grip you like a great mystery, and indeed it is. McNamara tries nobly to clear up that 'fog' that shrouds the turbulent '60's, and what he reveals of himself moves me beyond words...while what he reveals about our history scares the hell out of me. GRADE: A-
0140177396|4.0|I liked it, but it was kind of sad in a good way though because no matter what George knew that Lennie was going to die so he killed him in a less painfull way.<BR>Steinbeck created really good characters because they were so believable that it could of most likely happend in real life, but for younger kids they probably won't get it because it's not in their level of reading, but it is good for young adults because they know it could happen in real life.<BR>The social issue that this relates to is definetly racism because everyone treats Lennie bad just because he is different.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho was one of the most well written books that I have read.  From the very beginning it caught my attention and I loved it.  Although very short, the story was very interesting and simple.  I like how this book took palce within different countrys and that it showed how life was like in the country at that time period.  But by far my favorite part about this book was the messages in it.  If you take the time to understand what this book is really telling you, instantly you will become enlightened and start to relate these events into your own life and you will seem to have a much more &quot;complete life.&quot;  This book teaches you to follow your draems and to go where others thought you could not.  You must seek out your Personal Legend at reach it.  Only then will you understand your life.  This book you can read many times over again and enjoy it.  I recommend this book to anyone.  Young or old.  The lessons remain the same.  Also, you will enjoy it, this book is the perfect novel to raed anytime you want.  The Alchemist is a book about following your dreams and to reach for the stars... to reach your Personal Legend.
1592400876|1.0|I do not understand how racist terms are funny--even if claims to be &quot;witty&quot; and written to illustrate incorrect grammar. Why hasn't anyone mentioned this? See Page 51-- &quot;N-word's out...&quot;  The grammatical point is irrelevant. Racist language is far more offensive than comma misplacement!
B000096FUD|5.0|This is a fascinating but ultimately heartbreaking disaster movie clothed as a documentary about a failed attempt by Terry Gilliam of Monty Python and BRAZIL fame to make the film THE MAN WHO KILLED DON QUIXOTE.  It is also a highly informative glimpse into the way films get made, or, in this case, how they fail to get made.<br />To be honest, I have never been an especial fan of Terry Gilliam's films.  I generally find them a bit too metaphysically bleak, a tad too desparing and pessimistic.  I'm not sure what his personal philosophy is, but it has always struck me as something like, \\"First you're born, and then you die.\\"  The events leading up to the disaster of this film production would certainly have fortified this view.  From the earliest moments of the documentary, it is clear that things are not going well.  The various performers have never met each other.  Sets are unfinished.  Much of the design is incomplete.  Even as filming begins several of the major performers are not even there.  And from there, everything goes downhill, or in the case of a flash flood, downstream.<br />If one has heard anything about the documentary, one knows that the film failed to get made.  But watching one disaster after another take place is like watching a film of two trains colliding head on.  You know that only bad things are going to happen, but you can't take your eyes off the screen.  What is stunning is the sheer variety of problems.  On the first day of shooting, on a location shot in arid mountains, they discover that they are underneath the flight paths of military aircraft that continually pass overhead.  They are then hit by a sudden storm that not only washes away much of the set but also changes the coloration of the landscape, making all of the footage they had previously shot unmatchable.  Then the sun disappears behind a thick cloud cover.  The clincher comes when they discover that Jean Rochefort, their Don Quixote, is physically unable to undergo the role, at first bothered by a prostate infection, but later diagnosed with a double hernia of a vetebrae.<br />As the cowriter of the script points out about Quixote, the more he suffers, the more we love him (Vladimir Nabokov declared DQ a sadistic novel because of the massive amount of physical pain inflicted on Quixote in the novel).  Much the same applies to this film.  The more things go wrong, the more you wish they would go right.  But they don't, and by the end of the documentary the production is abandoned.  A closing shot informs the viewer that Gilliam hopes to repurchase the script from the insurance company, and that he still hopes to make the film.  But it seems unlikely.<br />The only positive note is that at least two of the principles in the film have managed to get back on track.  Johnny Depp followed the experience with an Oscar nominated performance in PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN, while Terry Gilliam has completed THE BROTHERS GRIMM with an all star cast headed by Matt Damon and Heath Ledger.  These are good things to know, because while watching the film you wonder if it might have taken others down with it.<br />One peripherally nice thing about the film is that it provides some great visual panoramas of Spain.  I'm currently reading the Edith Grossman translation of DON QUIXOTE, and I have been very grateful to have some idea of what that part of Spain looks like.at first bothered by a prostate infection, but later diagnosed with a double hernia of a vetebrae.  <br />As the cowriter of the script points out about Quixote, the more he suffers, the more we love him (Vladimir Nabokov declared DQ a sadistic novel because of the massive amount of physical pain inflicted on Quixote in the novel).  Much the same applies to this film.  The more things go wrong, the more you wish they would go right.  But they don't, and by the end of the documentary the production is abandoned.  A closing shot informs the viewer that Gilliam hopes to repurchase the script from the insurance company, and that he still hopes to make the film.  But it seems unlikely.<br />The only positive note is that at least two of the principles in the film have managed to get back on track.  Johnny Depp followed the experience with an Oscar nominated performance in PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN, while Terry Gilliam has completed THE BROTHERS GRIMM with an all star cast headed by Matt Damon and Heath Ledger.  These are good things to know, because while watching the film you wonder if it might have taken others down with it.<br />One peripherally nice thing about the film is that it provides some great visual panoramas of Spain.  I'm currently reading the Edith Grossman translation of DON QUIXOTE, and I have been very grateful to have some idea of what that part of Spain looks like.
0060930187|4.0|When I began this book I really didn't know what it was about, even though I knew a bit about Sylvia Plath's life.  I was very shocked as I read on and found myself completely emotionally involved in Esther's life.  It's a very gripping read, and one that I (a 19 year old college student studying english!) identified with muchly.<br />At first it was hard for me to understand Esther's shift from being somewhat &quot;normal&quot; if not a bit apathetic, and suicidal depression.  But if you read closely, the answers are there.  I think Plath writes in a way that is very straight forward and without excessive emotion.  She lets you react to her work without trying to force your ideas in one direction or another.  Esther feels she has to kill herself: she gives a few reasons but doesn't try to persuade us that what she's doing is right or noble.  <br />She chronicles not only her own descent into depression and madness (which is written wonderfully -- we're as caught up in her own shattered perception as she is) but also the terrible psychological views of the time as well as treatments (lobotomies, electro-shock therapy), the stigma surrounding depression/madness, expectations for women, and the burdening pressure society has on young hopefuls.  It's a wonderful story that is what it is and leaves you to make up your own mind.  Even if you don't enjoy it or understand it, The Bell Jar is an important step in feminist novels, understanding psychological disorders, and literature itself.
1594200106|5.0|My reading usually leans towards suspense novels.  When I read a synopsis of this story I was intrigued and decided to take a chance.  It is not very often that I become emotionally involved in a novel.  This is one of the best stories I have ever read.  I was captivated from the first chapter.  It is a suspense novel, yes, but more than that.  It deals with life and the choices we make along that road.  I recommed this book to all who enjoy having the pages of a book come alive, so much so you can smell the streets after the rain or feel the pain of the well described characers in the book.  Once read, you will never forget it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|When I heard 'All The Small Things', i when to go but this album right away. Once i heard it, I was amazed at how great this cd was. I have EVERY Blink 182 cd and by far, this is there best one. They have great guitar riffs, the bass is perfect, and the drums are amazing.<br />1. Adam's Song- this song is by far the best on the album. It shows the more mature side of Blink and I think they did an excellent job on this song. its very emotional. I actually thing this is blink's best song EVER. 11/10<br />2. Aliens Exist- good song. good beat. funny at some points 9/10<br />3. All THe Small Things- This is the whole reason why i bought this song. IT IS GREAT. Might get annoying after a while but its still good.   9.5/10<br />4. Anthem- this song is great and pretty funny. Great verses! awesome chorus! 10/10<br />5. Dumpweed- This song has weird lyrics but great guitar. this song is very energetic. great chorus. 9/10<br />6. Dysentery Gary- this song is very funny. pretty thoughtful lyrics. i like the interlude a lot. 9/10<br />7. Going Away to College- I love this song. i think its second best on the album. awesome chorus.  10/10<br />8. Mutt- I usually dont listen to this song. its still pretty funny though and i like the guitar. 8/10<br />9. The Party Song- This song is pretty funny. I like the chorus the best. its hilarious. 8.5/10<br />10. Wendy Clear- good song. sounds kind of like a old song like from dude ranch or chesire cat. 9/10<br />11. What's my age again- great song. i love it. the intro is great. 10/10<br />12. Dont leave me- This sounds like another old song from blink. its fast and energetic. i like it 8/10.
0140177396|3.0|I like this book because it's showing a nice relationship bewteen a retarded black person and a white person and how they interact with each other and how they treated each other back then. Also how every one was treated back then. And how Lennie was treated by the characters in the book.
B00006SFLV|5.0|When I saw the first episode of MSCL, my friends and I could not stop talking about how great it was.  It was just too good to be on TV.  This show is so relatable.  All of us at some point can identify with just about all of the characters on that show.  Claire Danes is such an AMAZING actress!  The viewer is able to follow and empathize her everywhere she goes.  I personally love the way she cries, because it makes the audience actually feel her pain, too.  Jered Leto was so beautiful in this show.  He had an innocence and a sort of airheadedness to him that made him that much more desireable, but I am sure that the vast majority of the teens watching this show were green with envy that Angela (Danes) and Jordan (Leto).  I know I was.<br />Out of this 5 disk set, my favorite disk is disk 4.  There is so much passion and love in this one disk.  Everyone FINALLY gets to see the anticipated relationship with Angela and Jordan get started, and we get to follow that journey, we follow the will they or won't they theme throughout this disk.  Not just with Angela and Jordan, but with Rayanne, Ricky, and her parents as well.<br />I truly love this series, and my only gripe about it, is that the first season did not even get to wrap before cancelation, so it just totally leaves you hanging with &quot;will they or won't they?&quot;<br />This show was way ahead of its time, and I firmly believe that if it was brought back now, it would do so much better!  Such an AMAZING show!
0140177396|4.0|John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men is a wonderful book about life in the 1930's. Steinbeck tells about two men trying to make money and live on their own land, as many men drempt of back then. This was shown through one metaphore of Lennie (one of the main characters) wanting to tend to the rabbits. The rabbits really represented them being free. <BR>     The characters in this book were really unique. George and Lennie are the main characters and they always stick together. Lennie is mentally sick, yet George sticks with him. The characters were a very beliavable pair because how they acted and their dreams of being free were very realistic. <BR>      This is a good book to read for young americans and i gave it four stars. Although it is only 107 pages long there is a lot of content and makes you want to keep reading it. Many people dislkike the language in the book, but other people dont realize that this book shows the language that everyone hears in our society every day.
B00005JMEW|1.0|The film contains a lot of things I dislike.<BR>1) Uma Therman, what a strange looking woman, puts me off.<br />2) Its directed by a psychopathic violence fiend.<br />3) The best characters are the ones Uma tries to kill.<br />4) Utter violence does not make great films, it makes mindless regurgitated stuff for aggressive males.<br />5) Its directed AT psychopaths and violence fiends.<br />6) Its extremely disjointed and  misleading.<br />7) Finally the gore is over the top, makes Blade look sensible.
B0001DI0FI|3.0|Master & Commander is a fun movie to watch and marvel at all the detail and special effects, but in the end it doesn't offer enough to make it a memorable movie.<br />While set in the French Revolution and involving an English and French ship chasing each other, the movie is not about action.  The focus of the movie is life aboard a ship and the interaction of all the people on the boat.  This is the strength of the movie.<br />The crew (all men) live in miserable conditions with primitive means for eating and medical care.  You'll be amazed at the misery these people endured and thought as normal.  Since the movie is about life on the about, there better be some strong characters to carry the story.<br />Russell Crowe does a good job as captian Jack Aubrey, although at times he seems to be just doing the normal things a captain would do (citing scriptures a crewman's funeral).  Aubrey seems to only be close to the officers and is good friends with the doctor.  To me the doctor on the ship is the best character, suffering an injury, and showing compassion for the crew and common sense when needed.<br />The climactic action scene is exciting yet at the same time its hard to tell who is who and the scene ends in what seems like too short of time for what was actually accomplished.<br />In the end, I enjoyed this movie in spite of the fact I found it hard to enjoy or empathize with any of the characters.  And thus the story of the life aboard a British navy vessel was enjoyable for the detail, but not for the characters involved.
0156027321|5.0|Fantastic, profound, and at times more than painfully funny.  I think that this is the least you can expect from a novel which chronicles a Hindu-Christian-Muslim son of a zookeeper in his pilgrimage across the Pacific Ocean with a single Bengal tiger as his only companion.  Life of Pi defies definition, leaving you with no true expectations except to be surprised by nothing.<br />The book is divided into three convenient, easily digestible portions, each of which focuses on a very distinct portion of Pi's journey.  Book I opens with some pertinent biographical information.  Piscine Molitor Patel was born to be the son of a kind zookeeper and named after the French word for swimming pool.  His childhood was a wonderful blend of wild animals, schoolboy taunts, and various butcherings of his French name in British India.  Early on he christens himself Pi, for simplicity and sanity, and the story can carry on once more.  The highlight of this first section for me was the religious dialogues, as it is not common to find a boy practicing actively three generally mutual-exclusive religions.  Author Yann Martel does an amazing job painting a striking commentary on the religious world and the way in which it works without overstepping any boundaries.  <br />The second section of the book, and the longest portion, seems to be the most engrossing and rapidly moving of the three.  Book II follows Pi as his family's transport to Canada dies in the middle of the ocean with a \\"monstrous metallic burp\\".  Within minutes Pi's life is changed forever as he finds himself alone in a lifeboat with a small menagerie, the sole survivors of the sunken Indian zoo transport.  One by one the animals devour each other until it is just Pi and the Tiger, floating, thinking, praying on the Big Blue.  It's a psychological ordeal, this survival of the fittest on the open sea, a battle of the wills to not lay down and bake to death under the southern sun, and at times it becomes exhausting to read,but it is never difficult to turn the page one more time.  <br />Book III picks up where Book II left off, but reviewing the end of a book can be downright confusing.  To thoroughly examine and prescribe a level of rating without divulging the importancies of the plot is not necessarily possible.  I can say however that Pi's story does draw to a fine close, and only in a remarkable manner such as Martel would allow it.<br />Sufficed to say, the author crafted a masterpiece with Life of Pi, never ceasing to inspire and provoke questions and self-examination, and always with the trademark wit and dry humor for which I'm sure he will long be remembered.
B00003CXCT|5.0|We are fortunate to be offered this brilliant set at all. I would like a copy of the original versions as a historical piece, but all things taken into account I feel that The Special Editions are superior visually. For instance the matte lines from the analogue age are gone. You must admit that the additions of the sunset view windows on Cloud city are stunning.<BR>These are Georges' movies and any improvements he wants to make are welcome. He is the creator and he wants to use better technology to upgrade his visuals to keep them from looking dated, and to make it closer to the vision he had for it in the first place. He does not wish to have the older versions shown to a new generation of people that would need to be told that the effects were good for their time. Accept it for what it is: A masterpiece. If we want creative control then we must first create something of our own.
B00005J6T0|4.0|this is one of my favorite madonna albums and is number 5 on my top ten list of favorite madge cd's. here is a track by track review!<br />Papa don't preach:9/10 this song caused some controversey for madonna because it is about abortion. anyway this song is a fast song that has a amazing chorus and it has a tendency to get in your head.<br />Open your heart: 10/10 an extremly fast song that has some amazing verses and the chorus rocks!!! there is quite a few drums in this song and it give it a edge of rock music,superior to the edited Imacculate Collection version. in the video she plays a stripper.....<br />White heat:9/10 possibly the best track on the cd! lots of synthesizers on this track and it has a addicting chorus. i could do without the male voices in the beggining though. i can't believe it wasn't a single!!!<br />Live to tell: 9/10 this is the only ballad on this album and it rocks! i usually can't stand ballads but madonna has produced some of the best ones ever! this song is very emotional and can get you a little depressed... but is definetly a standout.<br />Wheres the party: 11/10!!!! this is the best track on the album! it is a great song to play at parties and on fridays. it's 5 minuits of pure dance pop! my favorite part is when at the end she says \\"We can make it all right, we can dance and let the party last all night\\" 7 time fast! Why wasn't it a single!!!!!!!!!! she would have made millions!<br />True blue: 9/10 the albums title track is worth many a listen. it is slightly slower then wheres the party and is dedicated to sean penn! the chorus and the bridge are the best parts of the song. \\"True blue baby madonna!\\"<br />La isla bonita: 10/10 a true gem! it has many spanish lyrics and the beat sounds like it was made in spain. the song sounds (i know this isn't a word buts it's the best way to describe it) islandy.<br />Jimmy Jimmy: i know people are going to think i'm crazy but...10/10! this song is total ear candy and seems slightly faster then where's the party. i don't know why people hate this so much!<br />Love makes the world go round: 5/10 the weakest track on the album. it  has a good message about peace but the beat doesn't click with me.<br />On the remastered version of this cd there are two extremly rare dance mixes of True blue and la isla bonita.... this album is worth buying just for them!!!<BR>If you like this album i reccomend you get all her 80's and 90's albums. her new material is quite good to. i also recommend \\"Believe\\" by Cher<br />~all hail madonna!
B000002IST|5.0|This is, in my opinion, the second best album from Genesis pop era. It have really good and catchy pop tunes, like the excelent &quot;No Son Of Mine&quot;, the great &quot;Jesus He Knows Me&quot; the awesome &quot;I Can't Dance&quot; the beautiful &quot;Never A Time&quot;, the good &quot;Tell Me Why&quot; the great &quot;Living Forever&quot;, the soulfull and beautiful &quot;Hold On My Heart&quot;, the grooving &quot;Way Of The World&quot; and the lovely &quot;Since I lost You&quot;. There are also tracks in where the band proves that the old school Genesis from Gabriel and Hacket era still lives, like the great &quot;Driving The Last Spike&quot;, the bluesy &quot;Dreaming While You Sleep&quot; and the introspective &quot;Fading Lights&quot;, of course, mixing the actual pop style of the band, but really good and with powerfull and nice tunes on it. Anyway, it's a great album that I think you should add to your collection, if you like good music!
B000002JOH|4.0|Actually, this album gets 4 and 1/2 stars.  I love this album, mainly for the song &quot;walk.&quot;  that song is one of their best, if not, their best song ever.  &quot;Mouth for War,&quot; like &quot;Cowboys from Hell,&quot; is a tremendous opening song for an album.  I love &quot;A New Level&quot; because it's an extremely heavy song.  when i saw the title &quot;F***ing Hostile,&quot; i was expecting not to care for it that much, but instead i love it.  it is extremely fast and extremely pounding; you can tell it is going to be brutal the second you hear phil scream &quot;one, two, three, four.&quot;  other songs that i am personally fond of are &quot;rise&quot; and &quot;no good&quot;  sure &quot;no good&quot; has rapping, but phil's rapping mixes really well with metal.  <BR>now the downside with me is with &quot;by demons, be driven&quot; and &quot;hollow.&quot;  don't get me wrong, i like both songs.  but the ending to &quot;by demons, be driven&quot; is much longer than it needs to be, so it tends to drag a little.  &quot;hollow&quot; i like better than &quot;by demons, be driven,&quot; but i do not like how it ends on a negative note.  it just doesn't seem to have any resolution, it makes a transition from sorrow to complete anger and resentment.  it seems a lot of pantera songs seem to end on a negative note, and that is my only problem with pantera lyrics.  other than that, their music is one of a kind and i respect them for their talent.  in conclusion, vulgar display of power is not as good as cowboys from hell and reinventing the steel, but it is not that far behind them because it is a tremendous album.
B0001FR3IQ|5.0|One of the spookiest movies I have seen in a long time, Halle Berry nailed the performance.  The whole movie is pretty much shot in the dark which adds to the suspence and sence of supernatural.  Would recommend this movie for any scary movie buff.
B00000099Y|5.0|this album kicks major arse, to bad my friend alex pertuz doesnt accept this cuz my golly its one darn album tht rocks my sox! i possibly cant think of how my friend alex that goes to union catholic thinks this sux cuz obivously he cant even decide wether or not he likes rap or rock cuz hes a poser. this album goes beyond kick arse. and now for my friend jon he just doesnt not wat music is thnx jon maimone for showing me the way of tool! not!
B00005JMKI|5.0|Not everybody will be able to understand and enjoy Lars Von Trier's first film in his \\"Land of oportunities\\" trilogy, \\"Dogville\\". It is long, unusual, intelligent, sarcastic, strong, tense and even violent, among other things. I'll try to explain these adjectives in the following paragraphs.<br />\\"Dogville\\" is long. Very long. Almost three hours in length, divided in more than ten chapters, showing a young lady, Grace (Nicole Kidman, good as ever) reaching a small and self-centered mountain town, named Dogville. Grace, at first, stirs the sameness in Dogville's citizens' lives, trading shelter and food for a job as a housemaid in the many houses of the village; then, as time goes on, Grace will be the cause of great troubles and disagreement. The viewer must have patience, because the movie is long; it is not, however, boring. Von Trier takes his time and explores all the features he wanted to portrait in his film.<br />\\"Dogville\\" is unusual and intelligent. I'ts unusual because of the setting. The little town of Dogville is nothing but a stage. The many buildings (the houses, the church, the mine, and such) are marked by white paint in the floor of the stage, like a blueprint that we may open atop a table. And that's why the movie is also intelligent; as the buildings have no walls, the viewer is able to see everything that goes \\"on stage\\", even if the scene is focused only in one or two characters (but the characters act as if Dogville was a common town, with walls on their houses). This way, the viewer feels almost like in a theater. The viewers are part of the play: they have, somehow, in a distant manner, to interact with the characters on screen. The viewers themselves become citizens of Dogville.<br />\\"Dogville\\" is sarcastic, strong, tense and violent. For sarcasm, the title Von Trier self-imposed to his trilogy: America, land of oportunities. In fact, what happens on Dogville could happen anywhere in the world, for the story deals with selfishness, intollerance, distrust and prejudice, emotions prone to every human being. Von Trier shows that, if the United States want to be the new \\"center of the world\\", they will have to deal with their own \\"ghosts in the closet\\", before attempting to judge other societies. That's why this is a strong movie: it deals with things that most people are not ready to consider being part of their own self behaviour. It's easy to judge others, but it's hard to accept others judging us, or for us to judge ourselves. \\"Dogville\\" is tense and violent (and even ugly) because of how the characters act, and because, while watching the movie, we consider that we may not be so different from the characters at all.<br />\\"Dogville\\" is a very well constructed movie, with an excellent script, great (stereothyped) characters played by effective not-mainstream actors (Paul Bettany, Patricia Clarkson, Stellan Skarsgard, among others) and a provocative direction. One of the great movies of 2003.<br />Grade 9.4/10rance, distrust and prejudice, emotions prone to every human being. Von Trier shows that, if the United States want to be the new \\"center of the world\\", they will have to deal with their own \\"ghosts in the closet\\", before attempting to judge other societies. That's why this is a strong movie: it deals with things that most people are not ready to consider being part of their own self behaviour. It's easy to judge others, but it's hard to accept others judging us, or for us to judge ourselves. \\"Dogville\\" is tense and violent (and even ugly) because of how the characters act, and because, while watching the movie, we consider that we may not be so different from the characters at all. <br />\\"Dogville\\" is a very well constructed movie, with an excellent script, great (stereothyped) characters played by effective not-mainstream actors (Paul Bettany, Patricia Clarkson, Stellan Skarsgard, among others) and a provocative direction. One of the great movies of 2003.<br />Grade 9.4/10
B00005B36H|5.0|I really enjoy this album. Musically it's adventurous, strong, sensual, and consistent. Which Tool is known for. But the reason this album stands out, even more so than Aenima, is because the lyrics are not nearly as gloomy and the music is not as predictable. Here Tool ventures deeper into other cultures and otherworldly sounds. Lyrically, these guys are more on a philosophical journey that is not as hopeless as before and the anger as mutated into understanding and search. Wicked album. Truly.
B0000524CY|4.0|I prefer the 25th anniversary DVD of THE EXORCIST simply because it has much more stuff on it related to the film.<br />I saw this version in the theatres when it was released and still enjoyed it.  I thought the added images of the demon statues were distracting, but the 11 minutes of footage was interesting.<br />Remember when people smoked EVERYWHERE?  The hospital scenes where everyone, including the doctors, light up is almost funny now.<br />The &quot;spider walk&quot; scene, which I'd seen the rough footage for on the 25th DVD, still managed to make me jump when incorporated into the finished product this time around.<br />This is still the greatest horror film ever made.  God help us if they ever top this one.
0141185104|4.0|This bookreview is about four stars for me. It was an unexpected story and Steinbeck works well in surprising the human mind. I ive it a four for &quot;shockingly catching &amp; daring.&quot;<BR>The characters Steinbeck created all had diffrent personalities. When the men shot Cany's dog, all they cared about was getting sleep. Candy, on the other hand, was very sad. I thought in the olden days, men don't get sad, I thought they were confident, showed off teir strength and angry. Having Candy in the story turns my point of view on the olden days.<BR>The message I think Steinbeck is trying to send out to us is that the world is not what you think it is. There is always the unexpected to keep the mind still in learning. As an author, I think Steinbeck is trying to say that you can write whatever comes to mind because your story can still be heard.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I paint alot, and this is the kind of album that will set you into a great artistic trance for two days straight. It grabs hold of your brain and gets you thinking, and moving and just in this whole different state of mind. It's like the lyrics are a part of the instrumentals, that's such a wonderfull aspect to have in an album.
0140177396|4.0|I thought Of Mice and Men was a good book so thats why i gave it a 4 out of 5 stars. The people in the book were relastic and they seemed like they would be the type of people that lived back in the 1930's. Also how they talked seemed like that would be how they talked back then. In this book there was racisim so that is the social issue in this book..and yea..i don't really have anything else to say but it was a pretty good book.
B0001WTUH6|1.0|I liked the movie, but it really ticks me off that they release the DVD and then a month or two later they release an \\"uncut version\\" Don't support this kind of actions for the greedy studios. Buy the original version. Let this \\"uncut\\" version fall dead on its face and show that consumers won't take this from these greedy studios any longer. (The only exception being the Lord of the Rings extended versions) Vote that you find this review helpful if you agree.
0739313118|3.0|This novel read like a bad Nancy Drew.  It is full of cliches and melodrama that aren't really necessary.  It is also impossible for any lay-person to participate in solving the mystery.  Finally, the characters are terrible.  There is almost no character development, every character is a total stereotype cardboard cut-out.  Eventually, some of them really grate on your nerves.  I found the protagonist Robert Langdon as barely tolerable almost from the beginning.  I despised Sofia Neveau equally, though she grew on me a little at the end.  And these were the central characters.  It is possible I just didn't like the reader's voice or something, but you really have no empathy with any of the characters.  You don't believe they are real for a moment.<br />Despite all this, it is a good mystery that is very fast paced.  The last 1/4 of the book or so are particularly good, fast, and tight.  It keeps you on the edge of your seat.  I really was sort of sad when it ended, the plot and mystery were that good.  This is despite hokey dialogue, terrible characters, silly get-aways, and the overly melodramatic elements.<br />This novel is not for the easily offended.  It passes off a lot of alternative theories and thoughts on the life of Christ, and the early Church in particular, as fact. If you take it as fiction or something interesting, it is fine and actually pretty good.  If you are easily offended about alternative theories on your faith, this book is not for you.  The author also tends to have some sort of obsession with male nudity.  How many times was Silas partially nude or nude when there was nothing about the plot that necessitated such nudity?  I mean, the author goes out of his way numerous times to describe Silas' nudity all the time in scenes.  Huh?  Why?  With all this talk of nudity, I was hoping Langdon and Neveau would do their own Proiry of Scion worship routine at the end and we might be treated to some hot action.  No such luck, at least within the book's pages.<br />Do I recommend this book?  Yes, but don't expect it to be as amazing as it has been hyped.  It's a good basic plot and mystery, but certain elements will make you laugh out loud at the hokiness.  You might want to borrow it from someone, or check it out from the library instead of buying it.  It did keep my full attention for the whole 11 tapes of the unabridged version, so that is quite a feat.  But it has many, many flaws as well.ook's pages.<br />Do I recommend this book?  Yes, but don't expect it to be as amazing as it has been hyped.  It's a good basic plot and mystery, but certain elements will make you laugh out loud at the hokiness.  You might want to borrow it from someone, or check it out from the library instead of buying it.  It did keep my full attention for the whole 11 tapes of the unabridged version, so that is quite a feat.  But it has many, many flaws as well.
B000000W5L|5.0|This is one of the 'Stones best, but it would have been &quot;the best&quot; if it were a single album vice double. I hate to say this, but there are some average songs on this double LP, but the good ones are worth having. This is definitely better than their next two albums. (I also really can't make out much of any of the lyrics, even though that's pretty normal for the 'Stones anyways.)<br />Shut up Fillippo,or I'll sue you as well!!!
B00000J7SO|4.0|Negative reviews of this album led me to avoid it for the longest time.  I'd heard (and been irritated by) the female backers on other Dylan releases, and &quot;Street Legal&quot; is the first album to feature them prominently (not counting Emmylou Harris's marvelous work on &quot;Desire&quot;).  Imagine my surprise to find a collection of spectacularly written songs set to catchy, evocative tunes that sound unlike anything else in the Dylan canon.  <br />Sure, the female backers still annoy me at times (if it weren't for them, I'd give the album five stars, no question), and Dylan's voice is beginning that steady nasal climb.  But there's no getting around his songwriting genius.  &quot;Changing of the Guards&quot; is storytelling at its most brilliant.  &quot;Where Are You Tonight?&quot; is heartfelt and powerful.  &quot;We Better Talk This Over&quot; is as catchy as any of Dylan's tunes.  &quot;No Time to Think&quot; is a technical rhyming masterpiece.  And &quot;Senor&quot; is dark and mysterious and impenetrable in a way only Dylan can be.  Hey, I even kind of like the sax solos!  Go figure.<br />This may be the most underrated album in Dylan's oeuvre.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|What are masterpieces and why are there so few of them?  <br />Maybe it's because American filmmakers have lost all semblance of subtlety.  If it doesn't have explicit sex, explosions, dogmatic moralizing messages, or a plot that leaves nothing to the imagination it isn't accepted as a \\"good\\" movie these days.<br />Lost in Translation is a subtle movie, and an emotional one.  I've never felt so satisfied with my experience watching a movie as I did after I left the theatre.  Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray are excellent, and their relationship develops beautifully throughout the film.<br />Coppala had done a great job of creating a film that doesn't follow the traditional Hollywood requirements for a \\"good\\" movie and instead has given us a masterpiece.  She treats Tokyo with a great deal of care, the city itself becomes one of the characters in the movie as Johansson and Murray find themselves lost (and not happily touring) the place.  <br />Truly excellent, and in my top 5 movies list.
0452282152|5.0|...but I don't think I've read such a good book (poetic prose) since &quot;The Color Purple&quot;, and that was a LONG time ago!
0380713802|2.0|Sure he's kind of funny, but this book was more frustrating than rewarding for me.  Bryson here seems to be extraordinarily ethnocentric and much of the humor is from looking down on other cultures.  He offers observations but no real insight and is more like a spoiled kid on a trip than a travel writer.  I did learn one good thing about the bizarre Capuchin Monk tomb in Rome, other than that the book was a waste.  I abandoned it in a foreign hotel room- not even worth carrying home to the used bookstore.
B00007KWHN|5.0|start here if you are new to yes. you can't go wrong.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|I had been eager to see the film of the tribute concert at the Royal Albert Hall, but I did not realize it would be this good. The film starts with a live recording of &quot;The Inner Light,&quot; which originally had been released as the B-side of &quot;Lady Madonna&quot;, had not appeared on an original Beatles album at all. The original was dreary, less compelling than other George tunes recorded for the Beatles with Indian musicians (with hardly any contribution from the other Beatles). But in this concert version, it is absolutely stunning, despite the same arrangement. And the musical mastery just escalates from there. The guest artists are just wonderful to watch (and the female artists, well, I will just say they made my pulse accelerate!). But despite having watched this film a few times (I cannot tire of it), it always leaves me with a lump in my throat. George was not one of the best musicians in rock history (as I am sure he would be first to admit), but you are reminded of his sincerety, commitment, humility, and quest for peace. As Paul would say, what's wrong with that?
0440238609|5.0|The Amber Spyglass, the third book in a series called His Dark Materials, is one of the best books I have read.  In this book Will must find Lyra, and save her from Mrs. Coulter. When he finds her they decide that they want to go to the relm of the dead and try to find Wills father and Lyras friend. They find this more diffucult then they had thought it would be. This is a great book and is a book you cant put down. I would highly suggest it to anyone who enjoys fantasy books.
B0000DDAU9|5.0|One of the most amazing new albums i've heard in years.  The drumming is flat-out SICK. Alot of people lump these guys in with hardcore bands (i guess because they're on Relapse), but i think they're way more metal. For reference, i'm also into Meshuggah, Slayer, Karp, High on Fire, Don Cab, etc.  <BR>They re-released it with a bonus live cd which means that i'm going to have to buy it a second time. But it'll be with a smile on my face.
0440238609|5.0|The Amber Spyglass is the third book in a series called His Dark Materials.  At the end of book two Lyra and Will get separated, and before Will can go to Lord Asriel and help him in his fight to save the worlds from destruction, he must save Lyra from the hands of her evil mother.  When they finally come together they are given another task, to free the dead from the hell they live in.  They end up getting caught up in a battle between good and evil and now they must figure out which side they are on.
B000002C25|4.0|...but not necessarily better. Coming off of what is arguably Oasis' best album, _(What's The Story) Morning Glory?_, they would return with the tasty (if not somewhat derivative) Beatle-ish Brit-pop infectiousness that was their stock in trade. So, what's different this time around? Not much, except that some of the songs tend to run much longer than they need to. Long numbers don't bother me very often, but if a certain track doesn't interest me for one or two minutes alone, it turns into something of a nightmare if it runs two, three (or even four) times longer.<br />And this is where the album precisely suffers. Had some of the tracks been trimmed down in length -- or had been removed, altogether -- this would definitely rank right up there with their earlier classics. Quite a few of the enjoyable songs here *do* rank up there in the classic department, but, the same can't be said for the album as a whole. The typical oceanic wall-of-sound brought on by the maximum electricity-filled guitars is ever-present, and is very welcome, but some of the songs are just not very interesting.<br />For instance, heavy rockers like \\"D'You Know What I Mean?,\\" \\"My Big Mouth,\\" and \\"It's Getting Better Man\\" are excellent songs, and the lengthy natures of these are a welcome asset: getting lost in that smothering, dense, loud, electrified (and melodic) wall-of-sound is just a divine, transcendent experience, and made even better given that it lasts longer. This, is where the lengthy aspect works. The heavy, melodic and touching ballads \\"Magic Pie\\" and \\"Stand By Me\\" similarly share this same asset. However, songs like \\"Fade In-Out\\" (boring as ever), \\"Don't Go Away\\" (never cared much for this song) and \\"All Around The World\\" (sounds like the guys tried a little *too* hard on this one, and came up with the opposite result) are what really sink this album's quality on the whole for me. Not only that, the other few tracks are of mediocre quality.<br />In the end, the first five songs mentioned in the above paragraph are what I consider the strongest tracks on the album. The rest are either of mediocre quality, or worse. If you're new to Oasis, start with _Definitely Maybe_ or _(What's The Story) Morning Glory_? If you find that you love those, then you can decide whether or not you want to take the plunge into this great (but slightly spotty) 70 minutes-plus gargantuan. Who knows? You just may end of loving it.mentioned in the above paragraph are what I consider the strongest tracks on the album. The rest are either of mediocre quality, or worse. If you're new to Oasis, start with _Definitely Maybe_ or _(What's The Story) Morning Glory_? If you find that you love those, then you can decide whether or not you want to take the plunge into this great (but slightly spotty) 70 minutes-plus gargantuan. Who knows? You just may end of loving it.
0312263120|1.0|I liked the DVC and even better A&amp;D so I bought this one.  Don't make the same mistake.  One of the worse books I've ever read. Poor character and plot development. Not a thriller--almost every development was unbelievable and worse uninteresting.  .  I could continue but I think by now you must have gotten my point!
B000099T2L|4.0|When Beyonce was with Destiny's Child,she was pretty much a solo star herself,except the music was all filled with catchy little hooks and some appearances by the other members.Not anymore.This time,Beyonce goes officially solo and stops making as much of those cute little ghetto girl anthems she made back then.Beyonce matures into a striking young woman and makes one of the best albums of 2003.First of all,Dangerously In Love really shows Beyonce as an adult,and I don't mean looks anymore.I mean musically,especially in the soul-filled tracks such as &quot;Be With You&quot;,the Isley Brothers-esque &quot;Speechless&quot; and the Sarah Vaughan-flavored &quot;Gift From Virgo&quot;.The title track may sound almost exactly the same as the original one from &quot;Survivor&quot;,but it still remains one of the best tracks on the whole album.And Beyonce's producing skills have skyrocketed,not just mixing the same old formula over and over again,mainly in the upbeat &quot;Crazy In Love(featuring her man Jay-Z,whom both make a great team)&quot;.And Beyonce has very much improved as a songwriter,also.Sure,all the songs may be about love and relationships,but they contain so much authenticity that you can tell she's for real.And,for those of you who like those ghetto girl anthems so much,there's some for you,except they are ten times more sophisticated and for a much older audience,those being the &quot;I'ma stay strong&quot; anthem &quot;Me,Myself,And I&quot; which contains the best lyrics throughout the whole album,and &quot;Yes&quot;,the &quot;Let's Wait Awhile&quot; with attitude!<br />But,you can't help but feel that Beyonce can do better than this.At least I can't.I mean,this is a very good effort,but it's not great.Who knows what Beyonce will have for us in the future?And,some of the songs come up with one word:obnoxious,mainly these two tracks:the disco-flavored &quot;Naughty Girls&quot; which is kinda like Donna Summer's &quot;Love To love You Baby(Beyonce took a sample off it)&quot;,except just not as good;and another track with her MAN &quot;That's How You Like It&quot; which has a very annoying bubblegum R&amp;B sound to it.Also,some of the producing is almost as strong as it is weak,the song I'm talking about is Beyonce's collaboration with big Boi Sleepy Brown called &quot;Hip Hop Star&quot;.And,I know Luther Vandross is a huge R&amp;B legend,but his&amp;Beyonce's remake of &quot;Closer I Get To You&quot; is a very good alternative for a sleeping pill!But other than those setbacks,nothing wrong here!<br />The Verdict:Beyonce has really got something going on here.Who knows,maybe she'll be one of the best artists of our time.he's sure making it seem like it with &quot;Dangerously In Love&quot;.<br />Recommended:Yes
B0000B1OFL|5.0|I have always thought that the best Copy is the Original. How wrong I was only this movie had taught me. The new Italian Job is Perfect. It couldn't possibly be better.<br />I loved every second of it and I almost cried when it was finished.<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
0312263120|4.0|There are a lot of people critiquing this book, and being pretty rough on it, if you ask me. (And I can assure you that if you're reading this, you're asking me. So don't say, &quot;Well no one asked you.&quot;) Though the writing is still a bit choppy like Brown's other books, The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, I think the quality of his writing is a lot more in depth in this one. The characters are more developed, including the secondary characters like &quot;Hale&quot; and &quot;Midge,&quot; and the code in the end makes up for the slow beginning, especially if you're able to figure it out.
B000066C6Z|5.0|Besides being a little dated, this ecclectic comedy mixes spoofs, satire and every possible form of visual humour and adds up to a hilarious film that bases its strength in never letting the viewer rest. <BR>Some visual gags are place in the background and need repeated views to be found, and enjoyed (like a statue shaped as a pigeon where humans stand on). <BR>One example of the wacky sense of humour of this film is that the scene where Hillary and Nick go into the Swedish bookstore was staged, shot and then run backwards to make the dialog sound sweedish. <BR>If you like movies like Airplane and Naked guns series you will have a little feast with this less known movie.<BR>Watch for a young Val Kilmer in the leading role and a great cameo by Omar Shariff.
0312335164|1.0|Some books and authors get a &quot;buzz&quot; and sell a lot. Sometimes this is because the book is good (Hillenbrand's &quot;Seabiscuit&quot; or Sebold's &quot;The Lovely Bones&quot; for example), but quite often the book in question just stinks - yet the &quot;buzz&quot; and sales go on.<br />Dan Brown for sure is in this latter category - I have read all 4 of his novels (to date) and they all have HUGE flaws and HUGE plot holes and HUGE gaps of logic. <br />There ARE elements in his stories that are good and the ideas could be turned into a good story, but I am afraid Dan Brown is not up to the task. Where is his editor?  Doesn't anyone read these books before they are printed?  I guess not.<br />If you think &quot;The DaVinci Code&quot; is REAL, then you will likely enjoy this book. If you smart enough, then stay far, far away.
B0001LJC2K|5.0|I was told of this band from my older brother saying that they sound like Radiohead, but haevier.  I never could get into Radiohead, but these guys are amzing.  Tight vocals, complex rhythms, and just a powerful, strong sound.  They may sound a little like Radiohead, but I think they are a little more approachable than Radiohead, and I would much rather listen to them.<br />Overall though, this album has quickly become one of my more favorite new releases.  At last a new album that I can say that I enjoy.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|Being an anglophile, I had to see this movie set in England with my favorite British stars, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.  It did not disappoint!  It is such a nice story about love in all its forms.  Several individual stories are going on at the same time, and the writer does a nice job of linking them to each other.  One story, about a widowed father trying to bond with his son, is particularly heartwarming.  The young son is going through his own heart troubles, having fallen in love with the most popular girl at school.  Another minor storyline is about a couple of actors whose job it is to stand in for porn stars while the director is setting up the shot.  This story is, in my opinion, the only thing that keeps this movie from being appropriate for the whole family.  All the actors are superb, and the story is excellent.  I highly recommend this movie.
0894803123|5.0|Bought this book based on reviews on the Cusinart ice cream maker!  Wow, have tried the Sweet Base and the Choc. ice cream (Jerry's) so far.  Excellent results!  Sweet Base recipe uses heavy whipping cream. Have to say it was yummy but leaves a slick coating on the top of your mouth.  Think I will adjust the heavy cream or just use whipping cream which the choc. recipe used.  Didn't leave that feeling at all.  Also, I used Egg Beaters in both recipes.  Can't wait to try another recipe!
B0001W8Q9Y|5.0|I've been listening to Marillion for a few years now and am constantly amazed at the range they have. From the soft love songs like &quot;Waiting to Happen&quot; to the driving beat of songs like &quot;He Knows You Know&quot; they have failed to disappoint me. This new album is familiar but still very different. &quot;Don't Hurt Yourself&quot; should have been the first single released from the album, it has real potential. Buy the album, you won't regret it, then tell your local radio station about it. Put Marillion in the charts where they belong.
B0001W8Q9Y|4.0|This is another solid album from the band we love.<br />Genie and Fantastic Place are instant classics, You're Gone is a damn funky song with alotta heart, while Angelina is neat with it's mellow jazz nightclub beginning and groovy melody and harmonies ( la Miss Sarajevo).<br />Marillion are back!<br />PS ~ Dude in Paris... Don't you have some offs to f**k?
0385336810|4.0|Emma is a character that women can relate to.  She just wants the simple things in life, but feels she needs to keep secrets in order to belong.  I recommend this book if you're looking for a good read that you can get lost in.  The characters come to life on the pages and you'll find yourself wishing the best for Emma.
B0000CDLA7|2.0|I have listened to the entire disc many times and concluded that it's progressive Nu-Metal.  ToT is nothing more than spruced up Nu-Metal (Nu-Metal with progressive elements).  &quot;Progressive Nu-Metal this is&quot; (Yoda).  I don't know how else to say it.  Honestly, I think many of you who are praising this album actually don't like it.  I think you are making excuses for ToT out of principle and are deathly afraid to criticize your gods.  I think it's pathetic.
B000001EC1|1.0|i just can't believe how this band ripped me off. many people and the band themselves claimed to be 'hair metal'. nothing could be further from the truth. it would be impossible to call these guys rock, let alone metal. just because they dressed like motley crue and poison didn't mean they could ever amount to what the previous bands had. these square idiots predented to be heavy metal just to cash in on the late-80's hair metal movement. stay away from this piece of fake rock. a word of warning: THIS IS POP, NOT ROCK.
0792846443|5.0|This is, by far, the best Stephen King movie of all time!  I have one small complaint, which is one I have about MANY classic movies on DVD:  WHERE ARE THE BONUS FEATURES?!  For a movie this great, I would expect a documentary about it, maybe a commentary.  But that's my only complaint about it.  I love this movie so much.  I could watch it over and over again.  We are given perfect performances by James Caan and Kathy Bates.  It's hard to believe that MGM originally wanted James Caan for the part of Rocky instead of Sylvester Stallone.<BR>The movie begins with writer Paul Sheldon finishing his book at a lodge that he travels to, but on his way home he gets caught in a blizzard and crashes his car.<BR>Fortunately, or unfortunately, he is rescued by Annie Wilkes, his &quot;number one fan&quot;, who feels that she has found a prize and will do anything she has to to keep it.<BR>I will not tell the whole story, I don't want to ruin it.  All I can say is this:  If you love every Stephen King movie you have seen, BUY THIS!!!; and, if you HATE every Stephen King movie you have seen, BUY THIS!!!
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin are one of rock n roll's greatest live bands they where way beyond powerful in terms. Their studio albums proved how much they could experiment with new sounds, for example on this Untitled album Led Zeppelin experiments with acoustic songs like Going To California. This untitled album became Led Zeppelin's biggest sucess aside their previous three albums. This album includes my personal favorites from Black Dog, to Stairway To Heaven, also Rock N Roll. Dont think twice about letting other reviwers get you down do whats best buy a classic album. Enjoy!
B000007T1M|5.0|ok, i am one of the biggest SOAD fans that has ever lived. and this album is one of the reasons i love them. suite pee and war? are 2 of the best songs i have ever heard in my life. and serj's singing is freakin awesome. buy this cd or be loser for the rest of your life. its up to you.
0003300099|5.0|This is the first of the Narnia books Lewis wrote, but not the first in Narnian chronology; the backstory for this book is in The Magician's Nephew.  Since most of this series is set (Earth timeline) during World War II, some might fear it would be dated.  Be assured: classics last, and this is a classic.  I wouldn't want to spoil the story; I will say that you've probably heard it before in a different form.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|This cd is amazing.. Starting off powerful with songs like &quot;Karma&quot; and ending out just as strong.  I highly recommend this cd to everyone, especially women.  Alicia has a strong vocal presence and lyrics to match
0553573403|5.0|This is a page turning must read. This guy can write. Best Fantasy Series ever. Rivals Lord of the Rings. Buy it. Buy it.
0345440900|4.0|This book really helped my baby and me get off to a good start nursing. The schedule she provides gives you a good framework in those delirious days of early parenting. My daughter gained almost a pound in her first two weeks of life and she continues to thrive. The info in this book helped achieve that.     I did not find this book rigid and the author takes pains to builds a mother's confidence in her own judgment, in my opinion. In a way, nursing your baby every time she makes a peep and refusing to schedule naps is itself rigid.    However, the book on the whole is not well organized. It's the type of thing you read for an overall philosophy (along with practical info) but it's NOT the book you'll go to to get a quick answer to a specific question.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Her first Cd was bad - it has 3 good songs and a lot of filler - this CD is amazing because it is all around good with one or 2 weak tracks.  I can't wait for her CD - I expect great things!
B00005JMJ4|5.0|After watching &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; the thought that most stuck out in my mind was that this was Sofia Coppola's film.  A lot of the talk about the film before the Oscars was about Bill Murray's performance, especially after he won the Golden Globe, but I did not think it was his best work.  I would still insist that it was &quot;Groundhog Day&quot; where he displayed the greatest range and had his most heartfelt moments (i.e., the last night with Rita).  As for Scarlett Johansson, &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; was not even her best performance of 2003.  That would be her role as Griet in &quot;Girl with a Pearl Earring.&quot;  This is not to say that the performances by Murray and Johansson in this film are not excellent, but simply that both have done better.<br />However, I do not think you can say the same for Coppola, since &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is the second major film she has written and directed, the first being 1999's &quot;The Virgin Suicide.&quot;  The key difference is that this time Coppola is doing an original story and not an adaptation.  The story is about two lost souls who meet in a Tokyo hotel and spend the night together, but not in the convention meaning of the phrase.  Murray is Bob Harris, a movie star who has come to Japan to make a series of commercials for Suntory whiskey for big bucks, and while this keeps him far away from his wife and kids his phone calls home suggest his marriage is as much an obligation as this gig.  Johansson is Charlotte, who has been dragged by her photographer husband, John (Giovanni Ribisi) on an assignment and is left to entertain herself while he is running around taking photographs of some minor Hollywood starlet (Anna Faris), and perhaps doing more.<br />Our expectation is that Bob and Charlotte are going to end up in bed together, but Copolla is playing with our expectations.  After all, two people can cling to each other through psychological intimacy as well as the physical.  These two people are also in the middle of a neon colored alien environment with the late night Tokyo of karaoke bars and pachinko parlors.  The dark hotel bar becomes a sort of womb that these two characters have reentered and are going to emerge from at the end of the film changed in some way that Coppola, in a masterstroke, decides not to share with the audience.  Bob and Charlotte have their own lessons learned from this experience and Coppola leaves it to the audience you draw their own conclusions.<br />&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is a meditation, and for those who have not been married or who have never been a stranger in a strange land the realities of this fictional tale may well be lost.  One of the reasons it stand out so prominently compared to the other films nominated for Best Picture Oscars in 2003 is that it is an intimate film while the others were either spectacles (&quot;The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King&quot; and &quot;Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World&quot;) or larger than life stories (&quot;Mystic River&quot; and &quot;Seabiscuit&quot;).  But even an intimate mediation can be a jewel of a film.two people are also in the middle of a neon colored alien environment with the late night Tokyo of karaoke bars and pachinko parlors.  The dark hotel bar becomes a sort of womb that these two characters have reentered and are going to emerge from at the end of the film changed in some way that Coppola, in a masterstroke, decides not to share with the audience.  Bob and Charlotte have their own lessons learned from this experience and Coppola leaves it to the audience you draw their own conclusions.  <br />&quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is a meditation, and for those who have not been married or who have never been a stranger in a strange land the realities of this fictional tale may well be lost.  One of the reasons it stand out so prominently compared to the other films nominated for Best Picture Oscars in 2003 is that it is an intimate film while the others were either spectacles (&quot;The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King&quot; and &quot;Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World&quot;) or larger than life stories (&quot;Mystic River&quot; and &quot;Seabiscuit&quot;).  But even an intimate mediation can be a jewel of a film.
B0001UZZWW|2.0|This Shrek 3-D is actually a DVD release of the Shrek 4-D theatrical show at Universal Studios. How do I know this? because I went to Universal Studios recently, and I saw the Shrek 4-D show. When I heard about a Shrek 3-D DVD coming out, I though I'd get it to see if it was any good. Well, to tell the truth, if you really want to see this incredibly short, and sad excuse for a DVD, I recomend saving your money and going to Universal Studios instead of spending the extra money on this. A word of advice to the makers of this DVD: If you're going to release a theme park attraction on DVD, you should probably make it into a regular mini movie (not 3-D, because most of us can't get that kind of experience on our televisions anyway) and please, sell it seperately around $4.99 or so. It might surprise you how much more money you could make if you did this, because many people that are interested in this product already have the first movie, and it really isn't fair to suck money out of people, over something as pathetic as a 15 minute mini movie, based on a theme park attraction.
0385510438|2.0|For a John Grisham book, I was a bit disappointed with the writing style.  It took me at least 100 pages to become remotely interested and even then I still wanted to put it down.  The storyline seemed interesting enough: In 1970, one of Mississippi's more colorful weekly newspapers, The Ford County Times, went bankrupt until a young mother was brutally raped and murdered by a member of the notorious Padgitt family.  After being sentenced to &quot;life&quot; in prison, &quot;life&quot; in Mississippi doesn't really mean &quot;life in prison&quot;.  It seemed like it would be an amazing thriller but quite honestly it was a slow and boring read.
B00006690G|1.0|ok this is how it is eminem is a pop not rap 2 pac was ok but ICP TWIZTID NECRO ILL BILL ESHAM ARE THE GREATEST RAPPERS EVER  DONT BUY THIS CRAP LUTHER CAMPBELL 2 LIVE CREW  WAS THE FIRST RAPPERS BANNED IN USA THERE GREAT ASWELL  not dr gay 50 cent feminem
B0001GOH6Q|4.0|The most common review of BIG FISH from friends who viewed the film was something along the lines of \\"I am surprised I liked it as much as I did.\\" Since I had a more positive reaction to the film than I did to its theatrical trailer, I can understand this point of view. The trailer struck me as a bit bizarre, and the dialogue used in the trailer made it seem clich&eacute;. For this reason I did not plan to see the movie, but when I was given the DVD as a gift, I figured I had no choice, so I watched the film and can honestly say I enjoyed it.<br />The plot is rather simple. Father and son love each other but are conflicted, father and son have falling out, and father and son reunite when dear old dad gets ill. The story itself could either be hackneyed or used creatively. In BIG FISH, the latter is the case and creativity is the key that makes the movie interesting. In resolving the conflict, the son begins to gradually understand and appreciate the father, and this happens in a natural manner. Ewan McGreggor, and Albert Finney are masterful as the young and older Ed Bloom. Billy Crudup is a compelling and believable Will Bloom. Jessica Lange, Robert Guillaume, Danny De Vito, Helena Bonham Carter, and Alison Lohman also star in the film as supporting cast and do admirably. The fanciful tales of the movie are glitzy and create a magical atmosphere. The mini stories within the larger story are also in keeping with the character of Ed Bloom. Director Tim Burton has reason to be pleased with much of the film.<br />While there is much to praise about the film, there are a few drawbacks. While it was only a little over two hours in length, it did seem to drag at certain points. The sub-stories were larger than life, which would be in keeping with a larger than life character like Ed Bloom. As interesting as the sub-stories were, they did seem at times to be a bit to many and in some cases, the stories were a bit prolonged. In other films this could mean death, but in BIG FISH, there are so many other redeeming qualities, these are merely items that make it less than perfect.<br />Enjoy!!!there are so many other redeeming qualities, these are merely items that make it less than perfect.<br />Enjoy!!!
B0001WTUH6|1.0|You ever sit and wonder how crap like this can get made & pass for entertainment?<br />If you took the movies \\"Blade\\", and any vampire or werewolf movie from the past and had it hump \\"The Matrix\\", \\"Underworld\\" is its painful offspring.<br />The film is basically about a centuries old feud between vampires and werewolves. Selene, a vampiress, is a member of the \\"death dealers\\" (trust me, after watching this celluloid fart, you'd wish you were dead) soldiers who fight the fight against the werewolves. She becomes intrigued & falls in love with a male human, when she comes across Michael, trying to aid one of the wounded werewolves. Unfortunately, Mikey gets bitten and its only a matter time before he has a serious pubic hair problem, at the light of the next full moon. If Selene bites Michael, there may be a cure but its in the form of eternal damnation as a vampire/werewolf half breed (maybe Harry Potter can help?).<br />There's also a bunch of pointless plot-cockblocking about the sqwabbling between both families. The atmosphere to the film is set in modernday but comes across as if its in late thirties Germany (at one point, I was waiting for Mike Meyers' \\"Saturday Night Live\\" character Dieter to show up. \\"Touch my monkey!\\"). The characters aren't very interesting, and most of them are in a tense bitchy mood thru out the course of the film. Kate Beckinsale tries to hard to be the hero and is more annoying than the rest of the cast (I hated her \\"I'm doing the right thing\\" type of attitude). She does look hot in the circulation stopping, skin tight leather outfit she wears. Thats pretty much how I got thru this movie. What really sucks about \\"Underworld\\" is \\"The Matrix\\" inspired crap that unveils thruout the film (including the ten story drop to the ground Beckinsale does at the beginning of the film. When I saw that I knew I was in trouble). The film did enough money at the box-office to make a sequel, but if you see \\"Underworld\\" you would wish it was the end of the world. When I die I'm asking God for the 2hrs. and 15 mins. back I spent watching this 2 dimentional poop. It ain't worth it, people, no matter what other reviewers say. Trust me. Life is precious.he world. When I die I'm asking God for the 2hrs. and 15 mins. back I spent watching this 2 dimentional poop. It ain't worth it, people, no matter what other reviewers say. Trust me. Life is precious.
B00005A3KS|1.0|This movie is so freakin' lame!  Keanu continues his streak of forgettable and unbelievable roles as FBI agent Johnny Utah.  Besides the stupidity of that name, his acting is so reminiscient of his role in &quot;Bill and Ted's&quot; that I actually watch it when it's on TV just to laugh at the plot lines and dialogue.  Are we really supposed to believe that he ended his career as the Ohio St. QB, went to law school and finished at Quantico within the time frame they purport in the movie?  Uh, no.  When they're surfing at night after that really great football game on the beach (...yeah, it really looks like he was a college QB in those scenes!) there are at least two sequences where you can see the sun on the horizon, yet this was supposed to be at night?  Poor.  Oh, and he followed Swayze all over Mexico, Sumatra and Fiji, but still found time to surf &quot;every day?&quot;  Come on!  &quot;Vaya con Dios,&quot; Keanu.  Your acting stinks and so does this movie!  Good thing the movie also had Anthony Kiedis of Red Hot Chili Pepper fame, too.  He did a good job of making faces like he was either constipated or stupid.
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Alright...lets say for a moment that the tunes on this album are nu-metal. If so, then so are 6:00, Lie, and The Mirror from Awake. Same feel as the nu-metal of today. But that was 10 years ago. There was no nu-metal then...at least, not by name. From Falling Into Infinity (1997), there was the opening track New Millenium. It was simple (almost stupid, actually), and it sounded rather nu-metal-ish. Kinda. And there's elements of that &quot;nu-metal&quot; sound all over Scenes from a Memory (1999).<br />So I submit that Dream Theater isn't trying to be nu-metal. No, it seems nu-metal bands (pick one, because I think they all sound the same) are trying harder and harder to be Dream Theater. And in my opinion, they're all doing a pretty lame job. Dream Theater has stayed the course, steering wide only periodically (6DOIT), but ultimately doing a consistent job of writing listenable tunes. Not every song is great, but every album has something worthwhile. ToT has more than a few very good tunes.<br />Its a shame that DT is now getting lumped in with nu-metal bands when they've been doing it longer, and more importantly better, than any of thier current contemporaries. I say stop the nonsense, and stop making DT take the heat for the fact that other bands are a poor knockoff.
6304779356|3.0|This film is so eighties, that you could watch this 100 years from now (thats if youre still alive) and say that was sooooo 80s. Apart from the crazy hairstyles, most of us can identify the cast as 80s has beens, (sounds harsh but true) most of whom never had any success in the 90s, but were gods to me when I was a teen, very much like deCaprio is to todays youth. The Lost Boys was my favourite film as a kid and I remember being fascinated by the coolness of the cast. You never really saw vampires portrayed like this before, cool, tight leather clad teenagers who chilled out to jim morrison, and then went out on the vamp-rage. I have to say that I have been a fan of corey feldman, when i first saw him in 'stand by me,' and have always found him as a very funny actor who unfortunately hasnt returned to our cinema screens for a very long time. Check him out in 'The Burbs,' with Tom Hanks. Anyway as for the DVD it has nothing going for it, except a trailer, hence the score I gave, but I  read there is a special edition coming out towards the end of 2004.
B000002H4Q|5.0|The Cure defined the 80's simply put spanning a 20 year career. I can't even count how many albums they have. Pioneers of the synthpop/ new wave movement  through the 80's. This album is their best in my opinion.  It came out in 1987 when metal hair bands ruled the stations this was something different &amp; unique. Standout tracks are &quot;Just like Heaven&quot; , &quot;Hot Hot Hot&quot; which is my fave on cd, &quot;Why I can't I be you&quot; &amp; Catch. But the whole CD is amazing. This album stood out to me because of the very danceable tracks ie  Hot Hot Hot &amp; Why can't I be you different from the trademark melodic Robert Smith sound. The production is very clean &amp; their most diversified album  essential  in collection for  anyone who grew up in the 80's.
B00008J4P5|5.0|This album defines minimalistic rock. Every song on this album is a &quot;favorite&quot; of some sort.  Most will probably buy it for seven nation army but in fact, songs like ball and biscuit, hypnotize, hardest button to buttons and air near my fingers are actually the songs that make this cd.  I just hope for everyones sake that Jack and Meg continue making GREAT music (which is so hard to come across nowdays).
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This 'kid's film' is a winner.  I swore I did not know what all the fuss was about until I saw it on the telly one night.  I LAUGHED OUT LOUD!  Wish I'd done it ages ago!  Roll on Shrek 2.
0385510438|4.0|the unique thing about this book is that it relies on the operation of the newspaper to make the plot compelling and not so much the murder. A murder in a small town is something that has been done numerous times in other books and movies, so Grisham takes it from the perspective of a 23 year old kid who just started his own newspaper in Tennessee that is responsible for reporting it. The kid went to college for five years and still didn't graduate, and he did an internship after four years at Syracuse. Grisham said that his grades were on a steady decline as he progressed through college. So, for me, this was like reading the story of my life. I've been going to college for journalism for over three years and my grades have been on a steady decline. A lot of John Grisham's books have been made into movies (The Client, A Time to Kill, The Rainmaker, The Chamber, The Pelican Brief). I'd like to see this get adapted into a movie. I've only read 50 pages of it so far, but it's pretty solid.
B00008ADPF|2.0|Well, I've heard it. I refer to this album as one collective song, because all of the songs sound the same. In fact, this is just another one of those semi-soft rock bands that a certain type of people tend to like. This album isn't anything special. There are no catchy tunes, the lyrics aren't impressive, neither are the vocals, the guitar, the drums. What more, this is the type of band that produces an album a year for about ten years, and by then, everyone has forgot about them because they are the lesser of a grunge-soft rock genre that wasn't so good to begin with( Creed is the best of this genre) This album is virtually the same as any Default, 3 Doors Down, and a few other bands. These bands dont really seems to feel anger, love, sadness, despair, hate, tenderness, happiness, or any emotion.And it's not like it is fun to listen to either.  Just generic music.<br />I don't recommend it unless you like meaningless fluff such as the abovementioned bands. The same goes for the album Silver Side Up.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd is a must buy if either you're a new RHCP fan or an old one. Each and every songs are awesome. A definite must buy!
B000174LVQ|5.0|I had to shake my head when I read one of the reviews expressing disappointment, even though the reviewer's disappointment was due to misinformed expectations.  I hasten to add, however, that that misinformation is likely not the reviewer's fault.<br />The ultimate authority for American English, the Merriam Webster Third New International Dictionary, Unabridged, defines \\"flamenco\\" as \\"a vigorous rhythmic dance style of the Andalusian Gypsies,\\" or \\"a dance in this style,\\" or \\"music or song accompanying or suitable to accompany such a dance...\\"   <br />Contrast that with the ultimate authority on the Spanish language in Spain, the Diccionario de la Lengua Espaola, published by the Royal Spanish Academy.  Among many other meanings, it gives this definition of the art:  \\"[as an adjective] Indicating that which is Andalusian and which tends to reflect Gypsy characteristics.  [as a noun] - Andalusian song or singing, the style or feeling, [of] the category FLAMENCO.\\"  (My own translation.)  So note carefully:  In its country of origin, \\"flamenco\\" is first and foremost a type of singing, not dance or guitar; it is \\"Andalusian\\" and not just \\"Gypsy\\" (which is included in the idea of \\"Andalusian\\"); and it literally goes without saying that dance and guitar are included.<br />Considering Merriam Webster's misinformation, it's no surprise that the disappointed reviewer criticized this album as showcasing the singing rather than the guitar - even though it doesn't: when the singing is up-front on an album the guitar stands well to the back, not what Paco does here.  But it remains that the singing IS flamenco.  That's part of what makes Paco so flamenco:  He is the most \\"complete\\" guitarist in flamenco's history.  He knows accompaniment backwards and forwards, both for the singing and the dance; his rhythm is always driving and flawless; his technique is complete and unexcelled; and he has incredible creativity.  But what keeps that creativity so \\"flamenco\\" is Paco's thoroughknowledge of the singing.  In fact, there's never been a flamenco guitar soloist worth a damn who was not first an accompanist.<br />This album is superb, probably the finest album Paco's put out since the seventies.  It combines old with new in wonderfully subtle ways, and is filled with surprises even for the most knowledgeable aficionados - but that was obviously one of Paco's goals in doing this album.  For example, even though Paco has complete mastery of all the many flamenco guitar techniques, the one for which he is most noted is his powerful yet blindingly fast picado (\\"scale runs\\").  Yet on this album he hardly uses any - and it STILL rocks!  The thumb technique on the first cut, one of several buleras, is both mind-boggling and just incredibly \\"flamenco\\".  It is in this first cut that the singing tells us something:  The last verse says that there's an impromptu party with seven people, some to sing, some to dance, and Uh Oh! we forgot to bring a guitarist.  \\"No problem\\" Paco joins in the chorus, \\"just play hand claps!\\"  (The hand clapping in flamenco is an art in itself and requires a thorough knowledge of the particular rhythms - and Paco's right, you can accompany everything without guitar just using hand claps.)  <br />The second cut, the title cut and a tangos, begins so simply but builds to explosive proportions.  (The flamenco tangos are derived from Afro-Cuban rhythms brought back to Spain in the 19th century, very different from the Argentine variety.)  The Gypsy singer says \\"for as much as you loved me, for as much as you adored me, and as much as I used to value that, now I value nothing; so the pains that you give me are not pains but good little things (`cositas buenas')\\". <br />The third is a sole por bulera with incredible power and texture.  Here Paco sings again to his own accompaniment, for as his song tells us, \\"Neither pain nor joy can exist without song, so that's why there's more singers than drops of water in the sea and grains of sand in the desert.\\"  The fourth and last cuts are the obligatory rumbas for the crowds - excellent but still my least favorites, and are certainly the least \\"flamenco\\" on the album.  The fifth cut is my personal favorite, a meticulously metered bulera that is filled with surprises and joy - you can actually feel the smiles of Paco and his accompanists.  The seventh cut is also a bulera, but with Tomatito as second guitarist (and Paco is the only guitarist for whom Tomatito will play second guitar) accompanying a previously unpublished recording of the deceased Camarn - rather spooky, and with more never before done flourishes on the guitar, this time using rasgueados.  And the sixth cut is a tiento (a type of slow, slightly differently inflected tango) done in a manner that is completely different than any tiento done before.  It's a revelation in itself, and the singer, El Cigala, returns to the theme of the album: \\"Come sit at my side because I have to tell you about an ocean of good little things.\\"<br />So there's nothing on this album to be disappointed about.  It's filled with surprises for the die-hard aficionado - but those surprises are completely lost unless the listener has a sufficient base of knowledge against which to compare.  This is not Paco with DiMeola and McLaughlin, which period in Paco's career was actually a segue for the purpose of expanding his own knowledge.  Paco wanted to learn jazz and other concepts since he had done everything in flamenco and needed to be revitalized.  He brought those ideas back to the fold of flamenco, refined and then reshaped them.  Rhythmically, jazz and rock had little to offer flamenco - actually, quite the reverse.  What jazz in particular did have to offer was a great harmonic expansion, and Paco has taken full advantage of that knowledge, transforming and tremendously enlarging flamenco's harmonic scope in the process.  And now he has completely absorbed that knowledge and brings to us these wonderful, \\"good little things,\\" these Cositas Buenas.
0679428895|3.0|The author cane up with a great time and setting for the novel and he provides some interesting historical details but the plot is otherwise weak. The characters are barely defined and the action other than the volcano's eruption is limited.  Enjoyable enough read but not exactly a page turner since you know what happens to the city and you won't much care what happens to any of the cardboard characters that inhabit the novel.
B00004Y9PP|4.0|Pitch Black features a fairly common sci/horror plot about a spaceship crash landing on an apparently desolate planet that happens to be inhabited by flesh-eating creatures.  There's nothing unusual to this plot, and it offers basically no surprises.  This would seemingly offer up a boring movie, or at least one that doesn't rise far above made-for-TV status.<br />In fact, just the opposite is true of Pitch Black.  It is exciting and thrilling, and occasionally even a little scary.  The actors are all really, really good in their roles.  And the screenplay is written to allow even minor characters a bit of fleshing-out.  The visuals in this move are also very, very good with scary creatures that look like the old &quot;Aliens&quot; film and hunt like the raptors of &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;, a character with strange but cool shiny eyes, and computer graphics that are light weight enough not to distract.  The cinematography in this movie  is awesome! With light shifts of red to blue, and back again, it gives the wonderful anticipatory thrill missing in many of today's sci/horror flicks that rely solely on explosions and blood drenching scences.  The direction is also very good in this movie.  Basically, what the makes of Pitch Black did was take an old story and clean it up with great acting, cinematography, direction, and writing. The total of their efforts brings us a movie which thrills, even though the plot is old news, because perhaps for the first time, it was done well enough that we could believe it.<br />My only complaint about this movie is the vagueness of the Riddick character and what he is about.  At the end, it is left unsure whether he really was an evil criminal that somehow 'became' good on this planet, or if he was a misunderstood character.  Because of this unclearness, it leaves the viewer in doubt about his character even after the movie is over.  It would have been nice to get more inside the head of this character at the end.  I can only hopethat the coming movies will give us a little more.<br />DVD contains a typical, boring 'making of' and some interesting commentaries.  Nothing spectacular or worth making a buying decision over.
B00008EYA5|3.0|SWAT, like many action flicks, has little in the way of plot.  What it does have is hokey, already done, and (worst of all) predictable.  Theoretically, that's okay, because we don't really watch action films for the great and meaningful story, now do we?  <br />Of course not!  We wanna see stuff blow up!  Unfortunately, SWAT just doesn't deliver in the blow-it-up or burn-it-down department.  Rather, the movie begins with a momentary bit of interesting character development, that the director leaves behind and never picks back up (a real shame, since it was the best part of the movie), continues of with an hour of nothingness, and then fizzles to a conclusion, having failed to deliver any thrill.<br />While SWAT is not the worst movie in the world, it certainly doesn't rank in the \\"just for fun action flick\\" genre.  Rather, I would place it neatly in the \\"Saturday afternoon, rainy weather, nothing to do\\" category.
B000002UVZ|4.0|&quot;Life's Rich Pageant&quot; is an aptly titled work as it's definitely a lively and rich pageantry of beautiful music.<br />I especially like the songs &quot;Begin the Begin&quot;, &quot;Cuyahoga&quot;, and &quot;Superman&quot;.  However, though the album is rich with some lush and pretty music (it might be the most beautiful upbeat  R.E.M. album -- &quot;Automatic for the People&quot; being the most beautiful pensive R.E.M. album) I think its overall quality is a bit less than that of predecessors &quot;Murmur&quot; and &quot;Reckoning&quot; and ancestor &quot;Document&quot;.  <br />While representing a bit of a departure from past R.E.M. sound, I'd say that &quot;Life's Rich Pageant&quot; isn't so much a seminal R.E.M. album like &quot;Murmur&quot; or &quot;Out of Time&quot; as it is a bridge between the first three albums (&quot;Murmur&quot;, &quot;Reckoning&quot;, and &quot;Fables of the Reconstruction&quot;) and the two immediately subsequent albums, &quot;Document&quot; and &quot;Green.&quot;  Songs like &quot;Superman&quot; definitely foreshadow what was to come in those two follow-ups.  Other songs, like &quot;Cuyahoga&quot;, hearken back more to the three previous albums. <br />&quot;Life's Rich Pageant&quot; is yet another great R.E.M. record and definitely worth owning. The band's albums are all so good you'll see in each album's reviews, including this one's, a claim by someone saying that that particular album is the band's best.  That is the sure sign of a great band.
0790729369|1.0|I'd give 0 stars if I could.  It was a fun movie to watch, tho.  Streep and Eastwood are good, as always, even with a lame, foolish, and trite story.  The story is just plain ridiculous.  I'll take a guess that the author of the book, Waller, must've had some sort of fling of his own to base it on.  Dressed up a sordid little affair and made a lot of money off it.  Go James Waller.  Francesca (Streep) is a bored and disappointed housewife.  Doesn't seem like she does much to liven up her own life, tho, except to be unfaithful first chance she gets.  While her faithful and rather good looking husband and their two children are at the county fair, Robert Kincaid (Eastwood) meets Francesca and they have a brief affair.  The funny part is that anyone over 40 whose had any kind of a life knows that the \\"thing they have that few experience\\" is something that is as available as the air.  This was a really seedy story.  At the end, when Kincaid walks across the street in the pouring rain and gazes at Francesca who is in her truck waiting for her faithful husband to return, well, if I had been in her place, I would've rolled up the window.  I couldn't help but think, as quick as Kincaid was to get into Francesca's-- life -- so to speak, he must be pretty easy in other places and with other women and if I was in Francesca's shoes, I'd have been worried that I may have contracted a little \\"bug\\" that I could pass on to my husband.  Wow.  Wouldn't that make this lovely romance nice?  The two children when they grow up and read their mother's diaries that spill the beans seem like a couple of pretty naive jerks.  The settings were pretty, and the farm house was decorated very 1960's.  Streep looks pretty but Eastwood's neck was pretty wrinkly in the kissing scenes.  Well, we all get old!  At least Clint Eastwood hasn't had a face lift.  But to subject us to that, no thanks.  I wouldn't buy this dvd, just watch the movie on t.v.
0142002038|4.0|Ian Fleming (1908-1956), a reactionary, nationalist, misogynist snob, was, at his best, a superb writer of thrillers.  Not all the Bond books are first-rate, but when Fleming's imagination was firing on all cylinders, he was capable of great stuff.<br />&quot;Doctor No&quot; (1958) shows him at his finest.  Its story is one of his more outlandish, and the romance a little more mushy than usual, but in terms of plot, suspense, and non-stop danger, this is as exciting as the Bond books get.  If you've seen the movie, you basically know the plot, though there are a few minor differences.  If you've never read a Bond novel before, this is as good a place as any to start.<br />Bond is sent to Jamaica to investigate the disappearance of a Secret Service agent.  It is soon apparent that there is much more afoot than he had anticipated, and a third of the way into the novel, Bond is sailing by night to the island of Doctor No, determined to find out the truth.  Along the way the loses a friend, charms a babe, and foils the nefarious machinations of the evil doctor.  Oh yeah--and he kills a giant squid.<br />Highly recommended.
B0001BKAEY|4.0|I have to agree with some of the others who like the movie, Revolutions concluded The Matrix series perfectly, the story sort of ended back on square one.  The trilogy is exactly like what another reviewer described, a window into the greater story of The Matrix which is to continue as an online game.<br />I would just like to add to the positive reviews a response to some of the negative reviews.  Particularly the reviews which thought the movie was &quot;too Hollywood.&quot;  This movie, aside from the CGI and big production values, is anything but Hollywood.  The hero is really not a hero at all, but a machine/man interface created by the machines to stablize The Matrix by getting rid of a rogue program, Agent Smith. The ending may look candy colored and all happy, but the reality in the film was that The Matrix got its wish; it was able to reboot and the machines were still the rulers. The Matrix along with its human batteries remained intact. The fate of the &quot;free&quot; humans was uncertain.  The hero was dead and no one was really safe.  The machines could easily come back another day and crush Zion. The story itself is also not a tidy package but a segment of a larger story.  All of these things make The Matrix trilogy anything but Hollywood.<br />On that note, anyone looking for a fully linear line of story that has a discrete beginning and a tidy ending in this trilogy will be very disappointed to find that there's only a revolution. However, if one is looking to be entertained by a segment of this thought provoking story, then one should be readily satisfied.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|I found this movie to deserve most of the critical hype it's received. This is unusual; critical raves usually leave me cold. Perhaps the finest touch in Coppola's screenplay and direction is that her characters don't emote at each other. I think a lot of viewers here are put off by that; for my part, I found her dialogue and her characters' reactions to various things going on in their lives to be absolutely accurate. Reactions, expressions and the gradual warming to each other of the two unlikely main characters are completely plausible (unlike, for example, the revolting characters in The Hours, another critical fave). If you're looking for excitement, this is not the place to go.<br />Bill Murray's character is a man who clearly enjoyed earlier parts of his life but is gripped by tremendous late-middle-age ennui. The source of this appears to be his marriage, to a wife whom he once loved but whom he now apparently and somewhat harshly sees as a materialistic scrub. He does not have a lot of juice left. Scarlett's character is nothing BUT juice; her problem is twofold. First, her husband doesn't pay enough attention to her. Second, she does not play ball with her husband's business contacts, which is not a particularly good practice and results in her spending a lot of miserable days in a sterile Japanese hotel room. The bulk of the movie consists of these two flawed characters' efforts to work around their respective mismatched relationships to find something truer and finer, while locked in the surreal environment of the Tokyo Ginza.<br />Perhaps the finest moment comes at the end, when Murray realizes that there is no way he could ever maintain a relationship with this girl, but also appreciates the way in which she gave him a spark of energy that he thought he had lost forever. Again, no hysterics or melodrama; his final statement to her is whispered into her ear and you cannot know what it was he said unless you're practiced as a lip-reader. A very good touch to conclude this film which never insults the viewers' intelligence.o conclude this film which never insults the viewers' intelligence.
0385336810|4.0|I loved all of Sophie Kinsella's Shopaholic books, so much, in fact, that I ordered some on Amazon UK to get them before they came out in the US.  But I always found them extremely cringeworthy and almost hard to read, since Becky was constantly getting herself into such trouble.  This book made me laugh out loud several times and charmed me as much as her previous books but I almost never winced or cringed.
B000002WAD|5.0|Unfortunately at the time of release, Rick Astley was tagged as a mimed singer, due to the attachment to Stock Aiken and Waterman.  <br />From the first day of this albums release, I always believed that this performer had talent.  He lived up to his true standard, when he performed live in London in 1991, promoting his then album &quot;Free&quot;<br />When ever you need somebody was another great synth-pop experience.  The album kicks in immediately with his biggest hit &quot;Never gonna give you up&quot;, and follows through nicely with more great tracks.  Other brilliant cuts from this album include &quot;Whenever you need somebody&quot;, &quot;Together forever&quot;, &quot;It would take a strong, strong man&quot;, &quot;Don't say good-bye girl&quot;, &quot;No more looking for love&quot;, &quot;You move me&quot;, and the old Nat King Cole hit &quot;When I fall in love&quot;.  The best version I've ever heard.<br />I don't care what others think, this guy's got true talent.
B0001Z53CY|2.0|[SPECIAL EDITION REVIEW]<br />Eminem, Swifty, Proof, Kuniva, Kon Artis, and BIZARRE(obviously, my favorite) of the Dirty Dozen are back, and this time, they're takin' over the world!  But just how well is their \\"worldwide domination\\" going to be?  I mean, is their new album really that good, so good that it would consume listeners like me to support their reigning cause?  Speaking as a fan to their music, it isn't.  And the result of this album is much more disappointing than I had anticipated.<br />D12 decided to take a much more \\"serious\\" approach with \\"D12 World\\", avoiding the goofy and in-your-face antics that was from their last album, \\"Devil's Night\\"(which was also so damn good about them, too)  That approach goes both ways, but ultimately it leads to the album's downfall.  Well, the group has done a good job being more recognizable.  Since their last album, people seem to remember more about Eminem than the others of the group, let alone knowing their names(can anyone even remember the names of 50 cent's G-unit posse?).  Not to say that all changes with this album, but the group make a statement of that, thanks to this hot single, \\"My Band\\".  The track is not only funny from the witty lyrics and background(and who can argue about the 'my salsa' part at the end of the song?), but also informative on how Eminem seems to get more cred and attention than his posse in the past; fortunately, that isn't the only good track.  There's \\"Git Up\\", which is great startup with the whole album; good beats, good sound, nice flow when Eminem is rapping at the intro.  On with the goods is the fast-paced \\"Get My Gun\\", and \\"B*tch\\", which has some hot beats and a catchy chorus.<br />Now with the bad that makes this album unforgivable.  \\"D12 World\\" isn't a terrible album, but it does have one of the worst music backgrounds I've ever listened to.  Mostly keyboard, guitar and bass works, it varies with all of them combined to just percussions by all tracks.  They were too soft, mostly child's play, and I don't see myself breaking my neck for tracks such as \\"Loyalty\\" & \\"How Come.\\"  \\"40 ounce\\" tries to prove how hardcore and rough the group is.  The only thing it proves is the redundancy of the chorus and its all-too-familiar song structure; it's like a typical Ludicris song, but less on the booty action and more on the binging action.  \\"Leave Dat Boy Alone\\"...somebody should've leave dat cheesy track alone on the cutting room floor.  Well, \\"I'll be damned\\", that track sucks as well, not to mention, SLOW and hypnotic(seriously, I felt like a brain-dead doll banging my head in-key with this track).  \\"American Psycho II\\" with B-real is a much inferior track compare to the original, and I know BIZARRE can do better with \\"Just Like U\\"; what happened to the nasty guy that \\"drop out of school, take drugs, and molest (rhymes with 'klutz')?\\"<br />Like the previous album where it introduced Obie Tribe, \\"D12 World\\" introduced a new member of the Shady family, named Young Z, courtesy of \\"Commercial Break.\\"  After listening to his freestyle verse, I'm not sure if it's the music or the rapper himself, his introduction didn't impress me like Obie's.  I wanted to say the same for this cat, Bugz from \\"Bugz 97\\", but after knowing more about his short life in \\"Good Die Young\\", I at least give some respect for the departed.  Speaking of \\"Good Die Young\\", tribute songs are always good to remember a lost friend, but please, Dirty Dozen, spare the brotha's eternal peace and don't sing...ever.<br />Since I've bought the Special Edition album with the bonus DVD included,  I thought I give the DVD some insight as well.  The DVD contains two uncut videos from this album, \\"My Band\\" and \\"40 ounce,\\"(nothing's change with these two videos, just unbleeped and a nudity scene) and a 30-minute behind-the-scenes footage.  The BHS footage contains clips of the group doing freestyle rapping, working their shifts, and just having some fun in the whole process, while the group explains individually how the album was made and the things they learned while being in the studio.  They didn't explain why this album sucks, but I guess it's one of those answers they keep for themselves.<br />This album is so boring, it actually puts BIZARRE to sleep(I'm not kidding, he was like that on the Behind-the-Scenes footage)  \\"D12 World\\" could've been a great album, 'cause the group's maturity seems to prove it(...well, at least Eminem stop talking about all that mother-hating and wife-killing nonsense); now if only the group mix their new imagery with their old raunchy style.  Too bad I've got an album that doesn't crack me up, it was too long of a snooze fest, and surprisingly enough, their risqu&eacute; lyrics were toned down compare to \\"Devil's Night\\"; this is how serious the group is?  I'm not saying they are soft, the group just lost their edge, and they need to get their edge back if they're thinking of making a third album, or else their world will be in anarchy.ains individually how the album was made and the things they learned while being in the studio.  They didn't explain why this album sucks, but I guess it's one of those answers they keep for themselves.<br />This album is so boring, it actually puts BIZARRE to sleep(I'm not kidding, he was like that on the Behind-the-Scenes footage)  \\"D12 World\\" could've been a great album, 'cause the group's maturity seems to prove it(...well, at least Eminem stop talking about all that mother-hating and wife-killing nonsense); now if only the group mix their new imagery with their old raunchy style.  Too bad I've got an album that doesn't crack me up, it was too long of a snooze fest, and surprisingly enough, their risqu lyrics were toned down compare to \\"Devil's Night\\"; this is how serious the group is?  I'm not saying they are soft, the group just lost their edge, and they need to get their edge back if they're thinking of making a third album, or else their world will be in anarchy.
B000005RYQ|5.0|I could never really get my self into any of the Police's albums.  They were the kind of album you'd borrow off someone else, and tape the few good tracks.  Through their career, the police released about four variations of best ofs and greatest hits.  They did release a greatest hits in 1986 that featured a remix of &quot;don't stand so close&quot;, but missed out on many of the popular hits.  Out of all their material they have produced, this compilation is IT!<br />This one has all their hits from their reggae roots in the mid seventies through to their new romantic sound in the mid eighties.  All my favourites are on here including &quot;every little thing she does is magic&quot;, &quot;Roxanne&quot;, &quot;Can't stand loosing you&quot;, &quot;message in a bottle&quot; and and and at long last, the original version of &quot;don't stand so close&quot;.  I hated that remix that was done in the late eighties.  Other hits on this set include &quot;every breath you take&quot;, &quot;spirits in the material world&quot;, &quot;wrapped around your finger&quot;, &quot;de do do do, de da da da&quot; and &quot;synchronicity&quot;.  This CD covers all their great hits with 16 selections.  If you like the police in any way, you can't go wrong with this disc.
076790592X|5.0|I liked Tuesdays With Morrie a lot.  I would reccommend it to anyone.  It was a wonderful story about a student and his professor.  Morrie's strength and wisdom not only touched his loved ones and those around him in his final days, but me as well.  I was amazed at his optimism about his illness.  Morrie is a true example to me that just when you think your life sucks, you could always be worse.  Morrie   had a great perspective on life and teaches us to enjoy life to the fullest and not to get caught up in all the worldly things.  Morrie was an amazing teacher that we can all learn from!
0800196767|4.0|Every now and then I see a movie intended for younger viewers that impresses me.  Matilda, based on the book by Roald Dahl (Witches, James and The Giant Peach, Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory) is one such movie.  This is the story of a young girl who is special.  She is very intelligent, self-sufficient, and inquisitive.<br />When Matilda's parents (Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman) realize that she is old enough for school (sort of late) they send her to a private school run by a horribly mean woman who hates children.  This environment, coupled with her life at home with a family that barely knows she is there, causes Matilda to discover and develop telekinetic powers.  These she uses to help a friendly teacher and the rest of the students.<br />Once again a Roald Dahl book has been made into a very good movie.  DeVito is excellent as a crooked used car salesman and Perlman is great as his wife.  Matilda is played by the same actress who was in the remake of Miracle on 34th Street.  The imagery and story are of the type that can only be found in stories for younger audiences.  Although the movie does differ from the book this is a movie that I highly recommend.
0688163173|5.0|I finished this book in two days! I mistakingly read the end at night in bed and found myself sleeping with lights on (no kidding!!).  Get ready to have your reality turned on its side...BRILLIANT and a Must Read to anyone who appreciates a good suspense novel.
630471193X|4.0|I originally saw this movie in the theater and was pleasantly surprised.  Not that I can see it at home the film's wonder has not disappeared.<br />Phenomenon stars John Travolta (with an appearance by Brent Spiner of ST:NG).  The premise of this film is that John sees a light in the sky that hits him and knocks him out.  After that he has increased brain usage.  This enables him to read quickly, comprehend, think clearly and even perform minor telekinesis.  In the small town in which he lives this sort of thing can cause some problems and fear.  Robert Duval gives an excellent portrayal of a small town doctor and the rest of the cast does a marvelous job.<br />Phenomenon is partly a love story as John pursues the woman of his dreams, but it is also much more.  It is a film about facing the unknown and the wonder of learning.  While much of the film is funny it is definitely not a comedy and you should be prepared to have various emotional strings pulled throughout the film.  An excellent choice for fans of romantic comedies and romantic dramas.
B0001UZZWW|3.0|This of course is the same movie you see in Universal studios. Since it is an anaglyph version, the color is not going to be as good as the polarized large screen version. I would think however, it would look better on a computer monitor if you have a DVD player on your computer. I have Spy Kids 3D and found it to look better at home than it did in the theater, and even better on my son's laptop pc. Shrek 4D at Universal is a real treat to see. I saw it twice while there.
B00005JMGL|5.0|This classic tale about a boy who never grows up whose name is Peter. Also the Story is about a girl named Wendy and her brothers, John and Michael, who Peter Pan one day takes on an adventure to Neverland where he lives with the Lost Boys. My personal opinion of the movie was that it is fantastic! I was glued to the movie screen the whole time. By the end of the movie, it had seemed that the movie had gone by so much faster than the actual 1hr 53min movie. The special affects were outstanding! The flying looked very realistic and it made it look like the characters were actually flying. I also liked how I didn't recognize the actors. The only actor I saw that I recognized was Jason Isaacs, who played the Father/ Captain Hook, who suited the role perfectly. To sum this all up, Peter Pan: The Movie is deserving of the five star rating. I urge that you go to this movie and bring your whole family too.
B0001AP12G|5.0|It's finally nice to see Kanye put out his own CD after doing beats for Jay-Z, Alicia Keys, and other groups. For the gentleman below who thought Kanye West became famous because of Twista letting him do a flow on his CD, you are wrong my man. Mr. West has been around much longer than that. He's been doing beats for quite a few artist out. At one point, he had 5 hits in the top ten. 1 was a Jay-Z song he did beats for, an Alicia Keys song he did beats for, the song he did with Twista, and 2 of his own songs. Let me state this again, he had 5 hits with his name on it in the top 10 at the same time!<br />Anyway, this CD is off the hook. His flows.. his beats.. he is different from the rest. No phoney baloney raps about bling bling and gun poppin'. He ain't acting hardcore to fake the funk. Great beats you can shake too, and a few flows that make you think. He keeps it real..
0780626966|1.0|I recommend Survivor: Borneo on DVD instead of this cheesy 80's horror garbage.
B0001IN07Q|5.0|What an entrance into your living room and life. Bubl is a natural born entertainer gifted with the most wonderful voice to be heard in 50 years.<BR>I am also a fan of Bobby Darins and see Bubl as carrying the torch with his vocal and entertainers' skills.<BR>Three words describe this cd/dvd combination:<BR>Absolutely Captivating Entertainment!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00005QFE5|5.0|ill say it simple, a movie, with not to dialogue, but an exquisite managment of feelings, if you can, see it, highly recomended,
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with MOrrie was a great book. I really enjoyed reading it. If I could recommend this book it would be to my grandmother, because I feel that it could have a great impact on her life. Morrie was a man who had a good head on his shoulder. He looked at life and death as a good thing. He never gave up on anything. He was a man who was caring, loveing, and thoughful. He wanted to teach until the day he died, his funeral being the final. He made the worst parts of life, turn to be the greatest parts of life. Everyone should take in consideration, Morries life and how he went upon things. I defently recommend this book to everyone, its a great book and it will make you look at life differently.
B000002UAU|2.0|As is noted at least weekly in these reviews, Sgt. Pepper is perenially overrated by Rolling Stone, VH1 and other polls.  This is largely due to the nostalgia of the times by the polling audience as opposed to the music itself. The title track is actually good and the close of the album is good, but there are too few bright spots in between.
B0000B1OFL|5.0|I've just gotten around to seeing this movie on dvd and I'm glad I did.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I haven't see the original film but I certainly found this remake a thrill ride and felt the actors did a good job with their roles.  Mark Wahlberg is good as the ring leader, Charlie, and Charlize Theron, the lovely Oscar winning actress makes a tantalizing partner for the team as Stella, a whiz at opening almost any safe.  Edward Norton is very good as the sleezy, one-time friend turned villain, who becomes the target of Charlie and Co after a major betrayal.<br />Other cast members include Seth Green, as a computer geek nicknamed &quot;Napster&quot; and Donald Sutherland as Stella's father, once the leader of this team of charming thieves. This is a good action film and worth seeing.
0385335482|4.0|Confessions of a Shopaholic is a great book for a lazy day.  It is full of laughs and crazy situations; crazy situations that readers eventually realize they have been in themselves.  In this book, you meet Becky Bloomwood, a complete shopaholic in denial.  She views each purchase as an investment.  Even when she thinks she might have a problem, in order to cut back on her spending, she ends up spending more!  As a financial journalist, she gets herself in over her head when she gives out horrible advice to some neighbors.  The book becomes a page turner as you keep reading to find out how in the world she will get herself out of that mess.<br />I gave this book four stars, because although Sophie Kinsella is a new writer, she has started out very well.  Her book is decent plot wise, but she makes up for the rest with her quick wit.  She chose to write about something many people, mostly women, can relate to to some degree.  She also takes what can be a huge financial problem for some people and makes it seem hilarious and not so huge.  Sophie Kinsella has done a great job with this book, and I cannnot wait to read the other two in this trilogy.  For me, and probably for many other people, this book was a great relaxer for me.  There is no intricate, brainstimulating plot that you have to pay close attention to in order to follow.  There is no complicated theme that you have to read into or big words you have to stumble through.  With all the stress that busy people face everyday, this book gives them a chance to put all their problems behind them and relax.  I fully recommend this book, although, mainly to women.
B0001HAHXW|1.0|Another shallow attempt to cash in on his history ( about 35 years ago now since he produced something worthwhile ) WHO BUYS THIS CRAP????????
B00005JKGZ|5.0|I couldn't disagree more with Dan Navarette's evaluation of the  Technicolor restoration presented in this edition.  It's absolutely stunning, and a revelation to boot.  I believe part of the problem with the perception of colors in this film is that, for years, the only measuringstick to which viewers could turn for reference were inferior Eastmancolor prints (both 16mm and 35mm) used in university and theatrical revivals, mostly in the 1970s and 1980s, and less-than-stellar video transfers in early and some later VHS editions. These prints completely lacked the refinement of the transfer in this new DVD, and the subtle palette of colors that Vincente Minelli, Cedric Gibbons, Lemuel Ayers, Irene Sharaff, et al. employed was rendered garish and indistinct at best, and washed-out and lifeless at worst (and oftentimes all within the same print, varying from scene to scene).<br />The case in point that Mr. Navarette mentions is interesting: the striped tennis dress that Judy Garland wears early in the film, most notably while singing &quot;The Boy Next Door.&quot;  What the viewer sees here for the first time is the subtle slate-blue color of the stripes that was intended, not the sickly baby blue that was rendered in the subpar prints and transfers of years past.  Gone, too, are the pasty and unstable flesh tones, and when colors are intended to &quot;pop,&quot; they do so -- and how -- such as with the red velvet gown that Ms. Garland wears to the Christmas ball.  And the detail that has been captured in this transfer is nothing short of miraculous, especially in the several scenes shot in half-light (which was not easy to do with the early Technicolor process).  In short, what the film enthusiast finally has in this DVD is a true &quot;golden yardstick&quot; by which to measure future prints of this painstakingly designed and beautifully photographed film.
B00005JLR8|5.0|Though having seen and reviewed the theatrical screening of IN AMERICA, with the release of this DVD I feel as though I have just seen this profoundly moving film for the first time!  Many of the intimate films shown in theaters, while successful and satisfying, come across with even more power in the quiet presence of the home.  The DVD of IN AMERICA is an example of that.  Somehow having the story told on the small screen allows all the whispered moments of subdued or frightened passion to become more poignant.  Samantha Morton's sensitive map of a face conveys more than even this fine script gives her.  The delicacy of the Bolger sisters as Christy and Ariel Sullivan are in a class all their own and I wonder why the Academy didn't pay as much attention to these roles as they did Keisha Castle-Hughes for her rather small role in WHALE RIDER.  Paddy Considine becomes part of your household and the enormity Djimon Hounson's Mateo now is more human and credible when his already magnificently large form is reduced to a TV screen size.  This film stands strongly as a fine example of American filmmaking and should be in the private collection of everyone who collects favorite films on DVD.
B0000C9ZLD|2.0|Witht he exception of the White Stripes, it's difficult to picture a band in the indie-rock vein which has received more press and ravings during the past 2-3 years.  It is also difficult to imagine another band (the White Stripes being included as well) being more over-hyped than the Strokes.<br />The only explanation that I have for this phenomenon is that, for a while, mainstream music became SO sterile and SO over-produced that people forgot what good, organic-based rock sounded like.  Lo, here come the Strokes, with their guitars cranked up to 11 and nary an original idea in sight, and they get lauded as the saviors of rock.  Please.<br />I know people like to think of the Strokes as cutting edge, or daring, or risque, or whatever you would like to call it...but, at their heart, they're just another guitar band, and a dull one at that.  &quot;Room on Fire&quot; is a decent enough rock album--some good tunes, the occasional good riff--and, perhaps under different circumstances, they might have wormed a three star review out of me.  But the problem here is that these guys began to believe their own hype.  They began to believe that they were the avant-garde forever-cool saviors of rock music, and in doing so put out an album that sounds like it could have been recorded by your average college-age garage band (albeit with more expensive recording equipment).  But I'm not buying it.<br />For one, rock is doing fine...there are plenty of truly good, TRULY talented acts out there today.  Some are harder to find than others, but you just have to picking around the pile a bit.  Secondly, if the future of rock is three distorted chords with some mumbling over the top, then perhaps the future is darker than I imagined.  My advice: don't believe the hype.  Maybe these guys have a truly good album in them--I don't know.  What I do know is that they haven't released one yet, and nothing indicates that they ever will.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|For an ethical SciFi series, I think it's the best since Star Trek the next gen. In all of TV, it's one of the best series to EVER air. Fox made a big mistake not advertising this show, then cancelling for having low viewer turnout. Everyone that watches wants more. Very much worth the money! Can't wait for the movie!
B000003JAB|5.0|Many consider this to be Trowers finest hour. As for myself I might enjoy Trowers first, &quot;Twice Removed from Yesterday's&quot; spacey strecthed out Hendrix inspired &quot;Bold as Love&quot; peroid explorations a hair more, but &quot;Bridge of Sighs&quot; is Trowers most focused album. It is hard to argue with the sonic explosion that is &quot;Day of the Eagle,&quot; that starts this album. Just killer heavy duty blues/rock guitar turned up to eleven, then followed by one of Trowers finest heavy riffed spacey songs, the title song &quot;Bridge of Sighs.&quot; WOW! I remember hearing these two songs in tandem back in the 70's &amp; I was hooked for good. Trower is truely a master of his instrument, his thick tone, shimmering sustain, sense of melody, &amp; passion really come off as some of the heaviest most melodic guitar playing known to rock. Pigeoned holed as a Hendrix clone, Trower is much more than that. He is Hendrix's ace disciple easly rivaling his mentor's inspiration with this album, &amp; maybe even surpassing it.<br />The passionate singing of bassist Rob Dewar is an overlooked treasure on many of Trowers albums. Here on &quot;Lady Love&quot; Trower &amp; Dewar crescend in a seamless whole of sincere delicate axemenship &amp; impassioned singing to make it a listeners delight. On &quot;Too Rolling Stoned&quot; Dewar shows us he is able to thump the bass to Trowers rollicking leads &amp; riffs. Trower shows some of his funk on &quot;The Fool &amp; Me.&quot; Really there is not a clinker in this whole album, it's is a collection of flawless work from a master of his instrument. For lovers of killer Rock guitar!!!<br />***** Stars
B00005JKQZ|5.0|This movie is very touching and suspenseful.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It has great actors as well as a great story line.  The basic plot of the story is a mathmetician, John Nash, who is schizophrenic.  Although, who already didn't know that?  There are many twists in the movue, and if much more were given the plot would be spoiled.  So if you are into great movies, go and rent it.
0553296981|3.0|This book was very informative and enjoyable.  I learned alot about how it really was for Jews in hiding during WWII.  I learned about all the terrible things they were put through because of hate, prejudice, and ignorance.  I think that reading this book will really impact your way of thinking about WWII.<br />  I enjoyed most of the book, but some of it was a little irritating.  I know that it was a personal diary for Anne but I did not enjoy listening to her obsess about things that seemed very trivial in the grand scheme of things.  Overall this book was informative and interesting.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Show of hands please --- Who here loves anything with Jimmy Stewart in it?  How about the lovely Grace Kelly?<br /><br />Results --- [Entire world placing hands skyward.]  :)<br /><br />Well that's not surprising. Put Jimmy and Grace together (in an Alfred Hitchcock flick no less!), and you can't help but to have a classic piece of motion picture entertainment.<br /><br />One of the all-time great suspense films, \\"Rear Window\\" (1954) places us (the viewer) squarely in the shoes of L.B. Jefferies (Stewart), as he peers out his \\"rear window\\" at his courtyard neighbors. (BTW -- My spelling of \\"Jefferies\\" in this review IS correct. I've noticed \\"Jefferies\\" almost always being misspelled \\"Jeffries\\" (lacking an \\"E\\").  The spelling of Jeff's last name can easily be verified at the beginning of the movie, when the camera pans across his leg cast, revealing the words: \\"Here lie the broken bones of L.B. Jefferies\\". I assume that the filmmakers didn't deliberately have Jeff's last name misspelled on the plaster cast. Of course, I suppose that's always *possible*; but I fail to see a reason WHY they'd do it.)  :-)<br /><br />Hitchcock lets the plot of the movie unfold in sections, building the suspense and drama with his usual superb efficiency and skill.  But \\"Rear Window\\", when you stop and think about it for a minute, doesn't really follow the same \\"format\\" as many (or most) other Hitchcock pictures -- in that we (the audience) are just as much in the dark about this possible \\"murder\\" across the courtyard as L.B. Jefferies is.  In many of the director's films, \\"Hitch\\" lets his viewing audience know, right up front, that there's a \\"bomb under the table\\" (to use Hitchcock's own example from his interviews).  But in \\"Window\\", Mr. H. doesn't give us much up front, and lets us discover things as they happen, right along with Jefferies.<br /><br />There is one particular part of this movie that has always left me scratching my head, wondering why nothing was done about it during the course of the film. .... Near the beginning of the picture, just after Lisa Fremont (Grace Kelly) leaves Jeff's apartment, Mr. Jefferies hears a woman scream and hears glass breaking right after the scream.  Now -- my question is: WHY didn't Jeff tell his detective friend (Thomas J. Doyle) about having heard this \\"scream and breaking glass\\" when he called Doyle into the \\"case\\" a short time later? Such evidence would surely have gone a long way toward convincing Jeff's skeptical pal that something HAD indeed occurred across the yard. But this \\"scream\\" is never once mentioned in the movie.<br /><br />But, even with this little \\"hole\\" in the plot (IMO), \\"Rear Window\\" remains near the top of my list of \\"Best Hitchcock Films\\".  Everything about it is impressive --- The small courtyard (which was actually custom-built right on the movie-studio's soundstage!); the kooky neighbors; the tension-filled storyline; Hitchcock's cameo in the \\"songwriter's\\" apartment; the radio playing in the background; the \\"street sounds\\"; \\"Miss Torso\\"; Jimmy Stewart's performance; Thelma Ritter as the sassy nurse; Grace Kelly for just being there; the mysterious trips with the suitcase; etc., etc.<br /><br />This DVD comes under Universal's \\"Collector's Edition\\" label, and is packed with many first-rate extra features. Let's probe these, shall we? ..........<br /><br />>> \\"Rear Window Ethics\\" is a 55-minute original documentary detailing the making of this Hitchcock classic and the restoration process undertaken to bring the film back to visual perfection for this first-ever DVD release. Very good documentary.<br /><br />>> There is also a second featurette about the film, entitled \\"Screenwriter John Michael Hayes On Rear Window\\". This bonus lasts 13:10.<br /><br />>> Photo Gallery. -- This gallery of production photos and advertising materials runs all by itself on its own timed track.  Music from the film plays as you watch the images go by.  The gallery CAN be paused for longer looks at each image.  Running time (without pausing) is 3:07.<br /><br />>> Original Theatrical Trailer.<br /><br />>> Re-release Trailers for 5 different Hitchcock films. -- Narrated by James Stewart.  Length: 6:15.<br /><br />>> Text features with \\"Production Notes\\" and some biography pieces on the Cast & Crew.<br /><br />Another small \\"mini-bonus\\" I kind of like is a video montage of Hitchcock movie clips when \\"Play\\" is selected from the Main Menu. This, however, can easily be bypassed quickly with an additional remote key stroke.<br /><br />Video and Audio Specifications:<br /><br />This color film is presented in an Anamorphic Widescreen format, and looks mighty fine thanks to the restoration efforts. The image is as clear and clean as we've ever seen it. The 2-channel Mono Dolby Digital soundtrack serves the material on screen adequately.<br /><br />Ratio Talk .... The packaging says this DVD's Widescreen aspect ratio is 1.66:1. But, due to the inherent nature of the \\"anamorphic\\" transfer process (i.e.: the requirement of placing all anamorphically-enhanced DVD material inside a 16x9-shaped [1.78:1] area of the screen), the ratio of this movie (1.66:1) will be displayed on your TV in a somewhat wider-looking ratio (closer to the more commonly-utilized ratio for movies of 1.85:1).*<br /><br />* = That is, if your TV is a \\"standard\\" set, with a 4x3-shaped screen, that also has the ability to perform the \\"Anamorphic Squeeze\\" function. But, if you watch this DVD on a \\"Widescreen 16x9\\" set, then the image should fill the entire screen (except for small \\"pillarboxed\\" bars on the left and right sides of the screen). But on some 16x9 TVs, these \\"side bars\\" aren't visible due to the \\"overscan\\".<br /><br />In any event, the anamorphic image on this disc looks quite good, no matter how it's ultimately formatted onto your screen.<br /><br />Also -- If you have a \\"standard\\" (4x3) TV with the \\"16x9 Anamorphic Squeeze\\" or \\"Compression\\" feature, and you decide you want to watch the film in its true ratio of 1.66:1, you can always turn off the \\"compression\\" feature on your TV and switch your DVD Player's settings to \\"4x3 Letterbox\\" mode. This combination of settings will allow the 1.66:1 aspect ratio to take shape on your TV screen (albeit with slightly less image clarity due to the \\"Anamorphic\\" feature being turned off).<br /><br />A four-page booklet is included inside this DVD package, with a chapter listing on the back, plus some Production Notes and reproductions of five \\"Rear Window\\" lobby cards/posters.<br /><br />Alfred Hitchcock's \\"Rear Window\\" has stood the test of time for many decades, and will no doubt stand erect for many more to come.  If you like this movie, there's no better way to re-visit it than by indulging in this picture-perfect \\"Collector's Edition\\" DVD.Trailer.    >> Re-release Trailers for 5 different Hitchcock films. -- Narrated by James Stewart.  Length: 6:15.    >> Text features with \\"Production Notes\\" and some biography pieces on the Cast & Crew.    Another small \\"mini-bonus\\" I kind of like is a video montage of Hitchcock movie clips when \\"Play\\" is selected from the Main Menu. This, however, can easily be bypassed quickly with an additional remote key stroke.    Video and Audio Specifications:     This color film is presented in an Anamorphic Widescreen format, and looks mighty fine thanks to the restoration efforts. The image is as clear and clean as we've ever seen it. The 2-channel Mono Dolby Digital soundtrack serves the material on screen adequately.      Ratio Talk .... The packaging says this DVD's Widescreen aspect ratio is 1.66:1. But, due to the inherent nature of the \\"anamorphic\\" transfer process (i.e.: the requirement of placing all anamorphically-enhanced DVD material inside a 16x9-shaped [1.78:1] area of the screen), the ratio of this movie (1.66:1) will be displayed on your TV in a somewhat wider-looking ratio (closer to the more commonly-utilized ratio for movies of 1.85:1).*    * = That is, if your TV is a \\"standard\\" set, with a 4x3-shaped screen, that also has the ability to perform the \\"Anamorphic Squeeze\\" function. But, if you watch this DVD on a \\"Widescreen 16x9\\" set, then the image should fill the entire screen (except for small \\"pillarboxed\\" bars on the left and right sides of the screen). But on some 16x9 TVs, these \\"side bars\\" aren't visible due to the \\"overscan\\".      In any event, the anamorphic image on this disc looks quite good, no matter how it's ultimately formatted onto your screen.    Also -- If you have a \\"standard\\" (4x3) TV with the \\"16x9 Anamorphic Squeeze\\" or \\"Compression\\" feature, and you decide you want to watch the film in its true ratio of 1.66:1, you can always turn off the \\"compression\\" feature on your TV and switch your DVD Player's settings to \\"4x3 Letterbox\\" mode. This combination of settings will allow the 1.66:1 aspect ratio to take shape on your TV screen (albeit with slightly less image clarity due to the \\"Anamorphic\\" feature being turned off).    A four-page booklet is included inside this DVD package, with a chapter listing on the back, plus some Production Notes and reproductions of five \\"Rear Window\\" lobby cards/posters.    Alfred Hitchcock's \\"Rear Window\\" has stood the test of time for many decades, and will no doubt stand erect for many more to come.  If you like this movie, there's no better way to re-visit it than by indulging in this picture-perfect \\"Collector's Edition\\" DVD.
B000001DTM|5.0|Nothing can describe this album to me other than The Best! The music contained here is practically the soundtrack to my life! Exceptional, classic and everything good about music and U2! I would urge anyone to buy it! It might change your life like it has mine! Not a subpar song to be found, although it works better as an album than as a collection of singles. &quot;One&quot; is simply beautiful. So is this album! Buy it.
0385507755|1.0|I couldn't force myself to finish this book.  Thank God I only checked it out from the library and didn't actually spend money on it.  The mark of a good book is when you can't wait to pick it up.  With this one, I would see it waiting for me and turn on the television instead.  There really is no more unpleasant  alternative that I can think of.  I expected good stuff and was bored silly !!  How can you make drug addiction boring??
B00009TB5G|5.0|The Two Towers picks up where Fellowship left off and didn't leave any quality filmmaking behind! Peter Jackson is a brilliant director achieving what many thought (including Tolkien himself) was impossible-adapting these books into films. These are more than just films though, they are masterpieces that, like the books, raised the bar within their medium. Top notch film! It should be illegal to not see these movies at least once!
B0001HAITK|4.0|Peter pan has always been one f my favorite fairy tales.  Maybe because it s full of fantasy &amp; wonder &amp; beauty.  Yet not a mamsy pansy story.  It was meant  as  a grand adventure.  It was meant for us to get just a bitt scared in places.  This is the best film adaptation of that intention!  <BR>Not for the little kiddies mom.  There is  betrayel, death, insecurities  and cold blooded murder.  Insecurities?  Yes like the rest of us peter pan has insecurities  even issue though he'd never admit it.  It ends happily for most. Like most mens minds I can't spak for him too complicated.   <BR>          I would highly recomend this film but not to the very young, simply for content.  It's a beautiful; poetic  thinking version.  very visual &amp; vivid with excelent dialoge.   definatly a keeper.
B000001FS3|5.0|U2's 1987 Masterpiece is simply that. Great songs written and performed with real passion and talent. U2 are one-of-a-kind! If you don't have this or haven't heard it before, do yourself a huge favor before it's too late because any music fan won't want to miss this great band and incredible album. One of the few bands that can make an entire album of good songs rather than a few hit singles. A must own for every U2/music fan!
B0000DD7LB|1.0|I'll tell ya, if the music industry pumps out anymore Britney Spears wannabes, everything is going to go down the tubes. First of all, she can't hold a tune. She is undoubtedly one of the weakest singers ever! Please people, skip this piece of crap!!
B00003CXCT|5.0|Special Editions or not, these films are the pinnacle of most people's cinema experience. Seriously, does a few minutes/seconds of changes/tweaks ruin something this special?! These movies are what DVD was made for and I for one can't wait! 'Empire' alone is worth three times the price of this timeless set!  So-called 'purists' resisting this out of pride or whatever, do yourself a favor and drop your pride and your wallet in September. Your DVD player will thank you.
B0001W8Q9Y|5.0|Steve Hogarth, Marillion frontman, wrote about Marbles: &quot;..as potent as a course of pills - I'm not sure whether they're uppers or downers... depends on how you personally respond to the medication.&quot;<BR>I can tell you that this is one very exciting ride on an 80 minute rollercoaster that will take you to the tresholds of depth and intensity unrivaled by anything I've heard from Marillion before. Marbles is the finest piece of music the band has ever acomplished.<BR>If 'Brave' took you to brooding, intense and complex territories, and 'Afraid of Sunlight' to melancholic, cathartic and beautiful landscapes, 'Marbles' is a little of both. While songs like The Invisible Man and Neverland reveal us a more mature, intense and refined Marillion, both as musicians and lyricists, 'Fantastic Place, Angelina and Don't Hurt Yourself' have as various influences as Coldplay, Oasis, Radiohead and Talk Talk and could easily be top ten singles in any radio sation willing to play their music. 'You're Gone', the first single, shows us a band that sounds as 2004 as any, and 'Drilling Holes' stand as a light relief (&quot;in a disturbed sort of way&quot; as H points out). Mention apart are the four sections of Marbles, little pieces of music that provide insight on the psyche of Hogarth as a small boy and his most precious 'diamonds'.<BR>Overall, it's hard to put a tag on the record in order to define it, as it is when it comes to define what one feels when standing in front of a Van Gogh painting.<BR>If you're into Marillion or not, let the music of Marbles talk for itself, give it a chance. I can only assure you it will be worth every penny you spend on the CD.
B000002N2P|4.0|Green day's 4th album - released in 1995, 'Insomniac' came between Their best selling albums Dookie and Nimrod. It may be easy to ignore this one because it is not rated as highly as dookie and nimrod and probably rightfully so. But this album still has a few very good songs spread over 14 tracks.It has been said to be Green day in their purest punk form and it does have a different feeling to it. This is how I rate each track.<br />1. Armatage shanks - 9/10 great start to the album and one of the better songs.<BR>2. Brat - 8/10 - catchy tune and fast paced but it is about wanting your parents to die to get your inheritance - kindof funny in a disturbing way.<BR>3. Stuck with me - 9/10 - this song really grew on me 4 some reason - one of the better songs again.<BR>4. Geek stink breath - 8/10 - has a cool guitar rift in the middle.<BR>5.No pride - 10/10 - probably my favorite song on this album.<BR>6.Bab's uvula who? - 5/10 - dont really like this 1.<BR>7.86 - 10/10 - great song as well - maybe 2nd best on album<BR>8.Panic song - 7/10 this 1ns alrite.<BR>9.stuart and the ave - quite a catchy tune but not one of the best on the album - 7.5/10<BR>10.Brain stew - 5/10 - this is supposed to be the best song on this album but its all a bit slow and repeditive for me.<BR>11. Jaded - 5/10 - really just a wind down from Brain stew. Both of these songs made it to International superhits?<BR>12. Westbound sign - 8/10 - fast paced song again - cool tune.<BR>13. tight wad hill - 6/10 - nothing special.<BR>14. Walking contradiction - 9/10 mean lyrics and a good end to the album.<br />So there are some good and some average songs on this album but it is still worth buying/ripping from Kazaa or sumthing.Don't ignore this if you already have dookie and nimrod - it might take a while to get used to as well.
B00005JMEW|1.0|so here's the deal: I may like trix as much as the next guy &amp; I may like pickles too, but it doesn't mean that I like them both at the same time in the same dish. And that's my basic problem with Kill Bill. The combination of genres is just not to my taste. Obviously there are a lot of fans out there who like the combinations &amp; paraphrasing of different film genres, but to me the movie just looks like a mess. It may be that I don't catch all of the references, though I suspect that the target audience for the film really boils down to the few people in the world who actually study Mr. Tarantino's influences (i.e. all 10 people in the world who have written books about yakuza films or Hong Kong Kung-fu films). This really detracts from any emotional attachment to the film and, as a result, at the end I really didn't care what happened to any of the characters. After watching, it made me feel about as well as I might after eating a bowl of trix cereal with pickle juice. Think I'll be passing on seconds.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|This movie starts out with a bang.  Jack is basically being Jack at his devilish best for the first 15 minutes.  Then, as he goes through heart attack and a subsequent self-discovery, the film slowly looses its steam and the syropy ending had me all upset.<br />Keaton is too, really good for about 2/3 of the film and then has this weird &quot;breakdown&quot; with boo-hooing that simply gets annoying.<br />Keanu Reeves plays a young doctor who falls for a much (!) older Keaton.  Okay, surfer dude, there's something wrong with you when you see Amanda Peet and go after her mom.<br />The settings are overly &quot;yappie&quot; with that enormous house on the beach and not a single &quot;middle-income&quot; person in sight.<br />Overall, it's a strange mixture of dark humor and sentimentality with a very disappointing ending.
B00003CXCT|1.0|(...) Yes, the effects are crappy in places. Yes the matte lines are visible. Yes the miniatures move jerkily because they were hand-animated, and yes, the originals look more like old 70s era Sci Fi than the 'Special Editions'. But that's the point - these movies ARE 70's era SciFi.<br />I'll go one further - if Lucas ever manages to get his head out of a very dark place & announce a release of the originals, I'll bet a sizeable number of people wouldn't even want much 'restoration' work done. We want to see it as it WAS not as it 'IS' (to paraphrase G.Lucas). Matte lines, jerky animation, the lot.<br />Ray Harryhausen was the King of monster movies; his animation & creatures graced numerous popular genre movies like 'Clash of the Titans'. If the studios decided to replace his animation with superior CGI in all existing prints would the end product be 'better'? YES! But that, once again, is NOT THE POINT.<br />Ringo Starr wasn't the worlds best drummer, by a wide margin. Suppose we go back and replace his part with a better drummer.<BR>Would it still be the Beatles?<br />The authentic Star Wars, Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi are the originals, simply because they came first. They have a place in Cinema history. If you claim that the Special Editions are 'better' and to hell with the rest of us, you can't possibly love either Cinema or Star Wars itself, since these three movies in their original form are the purest distillation of the 'Star Wars' magic as no amount of CGI can replace.<br />As Southpark recently pointed out (great episode!) (...)
0393317552|5.0|How did the Eurasian societies come to dominate the peoples of North and South America, Africa, and Australia.  Diamond places a number of nice theories on how Eurasia came to dominate and colonize those of the other continents.  They are all very plausible, and that is why this book offers such a vast vault of information.  In fact, there is a lot of info in these pages, so the reader may be placed on overload just trying to understand all this.<br />Some of the theories focus on the geography of the Eurasia compared to the others.  Eurasia spreads east and west and in many cases, weather was duplicated from one place to the next.  The other continents were spread north and south.  The peoples of Eurasia built cities and were more concentrated than other societies and thus were more immune to diseases.  When these diseases came into contact with people from other continents, there was no one who was immune.  Big tamed animals and plants were more plentiful in Eurasia than elsewhere.  There is so much more in this book that is all very valid.  That is why Eurasian societies ended up with more of the cargo.<br />This is a great read.  Allow some time to understand all the theories because there is plenty of meat in this book.
B00003CY0V|1.0|Dominic Sena' Swordfish will go down in history as the movie where Halle Berry was topless for the first time onscreen. Sadly, that's the only thing people will ever remember about this awful movie.<br />Swordfish is supposed to be about this ex-con computer hacker (Hugh Jackman) recruited by Gabriel and Ginger (John Travolta and Halle Berry) to hack into a government computer system and steal billions of dollars in seized drug money. At least that's what the plot is roughly supposed to be. Somewhere after Halle Berry's gratuitous and unnecessary topless scene the plot becomes totally incoherent in its attempts to create twists and turns to shock the viewer. These logic-bending turns make an already weak story turn into a logic defying brain-mushing pile of drivel. There is no structure to the story and how it's set up; the scenes don't come together to make sense or even make a cohesive story. Stuff just happens because the producers wanted car chases, shootouts and explosions in the film even though there's no reason for them to be there. This film is for the short attention span crowd that likes XXX and The Fast and the Furious; trying to figure out why things happened in this mindless movie will give you an aneurysm.<br />Long story short, there are shoot-outs with guys in black SUVs, He hacks the system and gives them the money, Gabriel flies out in his helicopter to shoot senator who was helping him Afterward, there's a bank robbery they take hostages, Big explosion from opening scene explained, Gabriel hangs Ginger, He hacks system to get them money in bank, Gabriel shoots Ginger, hostages get on bus, For no reason, helicopter picks up a bus, malfunctions bus lands on building, Hostages fall off building and blow up, more stuff blows up, Gabriel gets in a Helicopter flies away, Jackman blows it up with a rocket launcher even though he has never used one in his life, Gabriel is confirmed dead, BUT HE'S NOT GABRIEL! He's an INTERNATIONAL TERRORIST. Jackman gets his daughter and drives off into the sunset. In the end, Ginger and Gabriel (who somehow survives being blown up in a helicopter) goes to a foreign bank get the stolen money and ride off in their yacht into the sunset while a luxury liner explodes behind them. Did that make sense to you? It didn't to me.<br />I have to wonder did a chimp with ADHD write this script? And did the same chimp with ADHD have friends with the same disability to greenlight this disaster? I can't believe in this day and age someone with a college education and works for major movie studio would spend over $80 million dollars to deliberately make a movie with a story as ridiculous as this one. Most of the money must have gone for Travolta's salary and those unnecessary CGI effects are added for absolutely no reason at all.<br />A five second shot at Halle Berry's topless chest isn't worth having to deal with this brain-numbing drivel calling itself a movie. (...) At least you'll get what you pay for. For an exciting crime caper movie get Ocean's Eleven, The Thomas Crown Affair or The Italian Job.s daughter and drives off into the sunset. In the end, Ginger and Gabriel (who somehow survives being blown up in a helicopter) goes to a foreign bank get the stolen money and ride off in their yacht into the sunset while a luxury liner explodes behind them. Did that make sense to you? It didn't to me.<BR>I have to wonder did a chimp with ADHD write this script? And did the same chimp with ADHD have friends with the same disability to greenlight this disaster? I can't believe in this day and age someone with a college education and works for major movie studio would spend over $80 million dollars to deliberately make a movie with a story as ridiculous as this one. Most of the money must have gone for Travolta's salary and those unnecessary CGI effects are added for absolutely no reason at all. <BR>A five second shot at Halle Berry's topless chest isn't worth having to deal with this brain-numbing drivel calling itself a movie. (...) At least you'll get what you pay for. For an exciting crime caper movie get Ocean's Eleven, The Thomas Crown Affair or The Italian Job.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|i can't define the feeling you get after this movie ends.  i would almost go as far as to say...it hurts.  <br />things to know about this movie:<br />1.  the characters you THINK you'll be most interested in are not going to be the ones you are interested in.  you'll find that the part of the mother is the most interested, and most disturbing.  and the woman who played her deserves more respect than anyone in acting.  <br />2.  the music is 50% of why this movie is so emotional.  that one song it play multiple times kills me, almost to the point of crying, and i wouldn't say i'm the emotional type.  <br />3.  the way it's filmed is GREAT.  i love when the camera goes in front of the person as the walk (this is also the case in Pi). the scene where the girl walks away from here first prostitution experience with the big black dude was WICKED.  the split screens were used well, also.  <br />4.  if you're a guy, as i am, don't watch it with anyone you don't want to see you shed a tear.  <br />and if you haven't seen this film, be warned.  it's not for everyone.  it really does hurt to watch.  if your on a date, and you expect sex afterwards, don't watch this movie first.  honestly, i find it hard to even recomend it.  even being one of my favorite films, it's hard to ask someone to watch it and feel good about what you've done.  <br />if that doesn't make you want to see it, don't.  but if it does, BY ALL MEANS, at least rent it.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|When I saw that a reviewer decided to watch this DVD on the basis of all the positive reviews that it has received, I had to add mine to the list. It is truly one of the best ever and FOX just doesn't know a good thing when they have it. FOX didn't promote it very well either, so my husband and I - avid &quot;Buffy the Vampire Slayer&quot; fans - decided to stick to &quot;Buffy&quot; and not bother with it when it first aired. Are we glad we finally gave it a chance! We finally watched it on a borrowed DVD and liked it so much, we bought our own copy. Now we watch it and wonder what could have been...the potential of this series is endless. But at least the movie will be out next year.<br />Don't miss out! Watch and enjoy!
B00005JMEW|5.0|Kill Bill Vol. 1 grabs you by the throat as soon it begins. Then it keeps you entertained laughing and cheering for its heroine.<BR>It is one of those movies that has classic lines and sticky tunes that will keep you coming back to watch it over and over.<BR>If you (or someone you like) watch movies that deal with revenge and classic kung-fu theather (with girls doing the fighting), this is the movie for you.
B000000XB9|5.0|This is some of the best damn music ever!
0440237688|5.0|This book is the best i've ever read! It really changed my whole life! Cause of the book and its message, i found the sense of my life! I am so happy, that i can see colours and that i have feelings, and emotions. I prefer our to the receivers one, i prefer pain to never have been loved by anyone.<BR>now, i am the happiest human alive,<BR>love to all of you!<BR>your ruth
630512762X|5.0|FACE OFF has some of the most visceral, imaginative and jawdropping action scenes on film.  John Woo's direction is perfect in capturing the action scenes, whether he uses slow motion, or regular, he makes each action scene a cacophony of sight and sound.  Since we all know the plot, let's look at the talented actors who help make this movie such an intense entertainment!<br />John Travolta and Nicolas Cage are excellent in their roles; having to transfer from good guy to bad guy and bad guy to good is handled very well by these two actors who get better as they mature.  ALthough Nicolas has a couple of scenes that border on hamming it up, he nevertheless conveys the grief and hopelessness he is forced to deal with.  Travolta meanwhile goes from dull agent to sassy villain with immaculate ease.<br />Joan Allen, one of our finest actresses, does a marvelous job as Travolta's wife; Alessandro Nivola as Troy's nerdish brother oozes demonic sleaziness; Gina Gershon as Sasha does a very good job as Troy's mistress; Dominique Swain (Lolita) gives a nice turn to Travolta's misguided teen; Nick Cassavette as the baldpated Dietrich, Harve Presnell as Travolta's overwrought superior; John Carroll Lynch as the prison guard; CCH Pounder as one of the agents responsible for the switch, and even Thomas Jane (The Punisher) in a brief role as a downhome prisoner---all add to the quality of the movie and its outcome.<br />This one packs a punch and even though lengthy, it certainly held my interest.  The speedboat finale is awesome!
6305014140|5.0|I love this movie, everything about it is awesome. The fight scenes are cool. This movie has the greatest death scene ever. I wont spoil the surprise to those who have not seen it
0780020685|5.0|I'm sick of all the people that complain &quot;Why isn't it in letterbox/widescreen?!! I can't believe they butchered it and put it in fullscreen!&quot; etc. It was shot in 1.33:1 ratio, and its displayed here in its original ratio, so before you complain about it and give them grief, know what you're talking about. All it takes is a little google search or god forbid a look at the box where it says &quot;original aspect ratio...&quot; <br />...and I never thought that sitting through 3+ hours of a 50s Japanese film would fly by faster than most of the 1.5 hour movies I see today. I was never board for a second. But I can see how it may not be some people's thing. Since Criterion are expensive, just give it a rent first.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|From such fertile soil(the superb Matrix) blossoms a reeking Turd Flower. Sooooo much of this movie; and Matrix Revolutions; were completely unnecessary. The special effects LOOK LIKE EFFECTS and the story is convluted by virtue that it is poorly written. I've heard complaints that people were confused, but it's all right there. You just have to look past the smoke & mirrors plot distractions and the contrived/forced action sequences. Unlike the Matrix were the story flowed organically, this and Revolutions feel laboured. The Wachowski Bros. must have gone \\"OH CRAP!!! It MADE money AND the want MORE!!!\\" and thrown every half baked idea they had as nine years old. Rent the superior original and imagine your own sequels. They can only be better.
0385484518|5.0|I was forced to read this bookfor a Sociology class at Cypress College. I'm glad my Professor had us read it. This book really opened my heart to whats out there. I need not fear any emotion good or bad. This book will be one I never forget. It has  tought me more about life then I have larned in the past 10 years. Buy,rent or borrow this book. You will love this book not because of a review, but because we as humans love to feel.Feel alive.
B0000089FS|3.0|Of Elton John's later albums, this is one of the better ones. In fact, it is possibly  the last thoroughly enjoyable album he released. There has been good work since, but this is the last 'fun' album.    So what's there to like in this thing? It's a bunch of slight 80's pop, right? Well yeah, totally. And let's face it, the Synths in this thing sound like like they're from a Children's Cartoon, like Rug Rats. Okay, I like them, but nobody else does right? Right! So how can this be one of the best late-period Elton John albums? It can't be...    But the point is the music in this album is fun, it's the last Elton album to have a considerable amount of umptempo material. And there are some strong songs on here. The ballad 'A Word in Spanish' is fine euro-pop with a great chorus and is emotionally convincing enough. The opener 'A Town of Plenty' is very slight but has a catchy, memorable chorus. 'Heavy Traffic' is a  slightly jazzy, easy going song with some bizarre lyric that I think are about chillin' with mates.    A pair of ballads, 'Japanese Hands' and 'Since God Invented Girls' are nothing  special, but they are witty and enjoyable, and since there aren't many ballads on the album, it doesn't feel like overkill. Also the backing vocals are very good on this album, they enhance it.    The biggest surprise is 'Poor Cow', a song about a working class American Girl and domestic violence. Elton surprised me by injecting a lot of passion into this one 'You get your dumb man, you see your whole life coming at you from the back of his hand...' he sings it very tenderly. Amazing that he could make a heartfelt song within the confines of Synth-Heavy 80's pop.    In fact, all the songs are good and enjoyable. There's not a single one I don't like. So for all it's faults, Reg Strikes Back is quite a solid album, but definitely comes across as a bit 'fluffy' the first time you hear it.
0385484518|5.0|I was forced to read this book for a sociology class at Cypress College.  I'm glad my Professer had us read it.  This book really opened my heart to what is out there, I need not fear any emotion good or bad. This book will be one  i'll never forget. It tought me more about life then I've learned in the past 10 years. Buy, rent, or  borrow this book. You will love this book not because of a review, but because we as human love to feel.Feel alive.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Ok, if you havent heard of Linkin Park, you need to crawl on out of that rock you're living under and listen up. Im going to rate the songs in the list below with my comments on them.<br />Forword - doenst count as a song, just a neat little intro to get you started<br />Don't Stay - 5/5, one of my favorite's on the album. not much to say but just listen to it's awesomeness!<br />Somewhere I Belong - 5/5, another awesome song with excelent lyrics to boot.<br />Lying From You - 3/5, not bad, but could have done better. its just one of those songs that's just not as good as you thought it would be<br />Hit the Floor - 4/5, again not their greatest but still very good with the metal influence in the gutair<br />Easier to Run - 5/5, one of the best songs on here with great lyrics<br />Faint - 5/5, LP's anti-pop song that is best described as awesome!<br />Figure .09 - 4/5, metal/rap/rock, great combination with results that only LP could do but i prefer the live version of this<br />Breaking the Habit - 5/5, it took six years for Mike to write this song and it has the best lyrics i have heard from any band ever!<br />From the Inside - 4/5, good song, avegage lyrics but some great gutair though<br />Nobody's Listening - 4/5, im not a big fan of rap, but this is one of the best i've heard in a while<br />Session - 5/5, DJ Hahn's big song on this album is quite unique in it's own way. I like it mostly because im a DJ myself<br />Numb - 5/5, the perfect ending to a nearly perfect album. again, great lyrics and a really good chorus. if you haven't heard this song before, you really need to get out more.
B00006G8HX|5.0|Dude, this film is a masterpiece.  It comes in just slightly behind &quot;Wrath of Khan&quot; as the best Trek movie ever.  Kirk and his former officers go renegade to save their friend, and the cost they end up paying is tremendous.  After the under-manned Enterprise loses a battle against a Klingon Bird of Prey, the way Kirk snatches victory from the jaws of defeat is straight-up Kobayashi Maru.  The musical score is the best of all the movies.  Give this film some credit guys.<br />&quot;My God, Bones, what have I done?&quot;<br />&quot;The same thing you always do, what you had to do ... turn death into a fighting chance to live.&quot;
B0001GF2DS|3.0|&quot;The Good, The Bad and The Ugly&quot; is Sergio Leone's ultimate spaghetti western with a plot centered on a gold treasure buried in a cemetary. It stars Clint Eastwood as the &quot;Man With No Name&quot; a gunfighter in the amoral/lawless American west who engages in actions that are not always legal, but never wrong. Naturally, Eastwood butts heads with Angel Eyes (Lee Van Cleef); a murderer without a conscience, and Tuco (Eli Wallach); a conflicted bandit who remains beyond redemption. Like most of Leone's great masterworks, visual style and long stretches of seemingly silent moments tell far more than any amount of dialogue could. Thus, the film is a rare example in which style is transformed into substance.<BR>THE TRANSFER: The previously issued DVD of this film was excessively troubled by age related artifacts and a non-anamorphic transfer. Although we have been given an enhanced 16X9 transfer this time - the age related artifacts are still present - if slightly tempered. Colors remain dated, though, unlike the previous incarnation, are not as faded. Many scenes remain softly focused with minimal grit and dirt. The Techniscope widescreen process (an absolutely inferior widescreen format)dillutes the film images. The &quot;restored&quot; scenes are not terribly well integrated into the film. At one point the entire image turns jaundice yellow, which is obtrusive to say the least! Fine details and definition are sometimes poorly rendered, that its best to say that this visual presentation is true to its shoddy original film stock.  The audio has been remixed to 5.1 but is nevertheless strident and very unnatural sounding.<BR>EXTRAS: Audio commentary that is very informative, and several fine documentaries about Leone, the film's composer -Ennio Morricone, the civil war and the Leone's style. Also, some deleted scenes.<BR>BOTTOM LINE: This is by far the best that the film has looked on any home video format.  But the improvements, while substantial, still donot bring the video quality of this presentation up to par with films of the same or similar vintage.
B00018HULS|4.0|I came across Sia while watching here play with Zero 7 and was mighty impressed but her first record didn't resonate with me enough to listen to it frequently. But in Colour the Small One she has grown wonderfully (at least to me) in creating lush songs with alot of heart and replayability. I defy you to not become addicted to &quot;Breathe Me&quot;.
B00009RAJJ|5.0|I love this CD.  I never appreciated Tuske when it came out, but now after getting this CD, I am truly in love with it.  It actually has such a fresh sound, and I also love the bonus disk.
B00005QG9J|5.0|All I really have to say is listen to the song &quot;Just A Phase.&quot; If you aren't sold after hearing that, then just listen to it again. I like the entire album, and think Incubus is one of the best bands out there today, but &quot;Just A Phase&quot; may be their best song ever. It's just that good.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This was a great CD, the product of 8 years of work from a great band.  As a greatest hits collection, it contains the songs with good commercial appeal, but not all the greatest songs.  Surely Strawberry Fields could have been put in as the B-side of Penny Lane?<br />It's a great CD, and if your a new Beatles fan, buy it now.  However, if you've been a Beatle fan for a long time, chances are you've got all the ''essential'' CDs/tapes/records and won't need this.<br />If you do buy this album and have not heard the Beatles' music before, you will notice three distinct phases in the music.<br />1) The early pop phase.<BR>2) The experimantal phase<BR>3) The hippie phase.<br />I much prefer the hippie phase to the others, but the experimental phase is also really interesting to listen to.<BR>Unforutnatly, there is nothing new here, its just the same songs put on to one CD.  The ''other versions'' have already been given to us in the Anthology dics, so I was disapointed by this album.<br />In lieu of this, I would recommend Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road, Magical Mystery Tour, Let it Be, Yellow Submarine and Revolver.
B000002MY3|4.0|I consider Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie to be her best work, but Alanis made an amazing debut with this album. I don't know why she was labeled as angry. Out of her 6 hits: All I Really Want, You Oughta Know, Hand In My Pocket, Ironic, Head Over Feet, and You Learn, only You Oughta Know was angry. My favorite song was and is Head Over Feet. The singles were so overplayed that they overshadow the rest of the album. But I love the singles anyways. I also love the secret song, Your House. It's so amazing, and it's a capella. I love it that way. A definite must-buy.
B00008H2LB|5.0|All tracks are great, but the best are Faint, Dont stay and Numb.<BR>       BUY THIS CD.
076790592X|5.0|Tuesday's with Morrie is a great book that encompasses many valuable lessons that most people don't have the opportunity to learn in a lifetime. One cannot finish this book without feeling some sense of pride in humanity and an urge to do more for others as well as make more of their own life. The story of a man in his last days that wishes to remain optimistic and create a journal of his life through another person is inspiring to us all. May the arteries of friendship forever endow us all and may we all learn from the lessons this wonderful book beholds.
B000096FUD|4.0|For a film maker, as with any other working stiff, it sometimes just doesn't pay to get out of bed in the morning.<br />LOST IN LA MANCHA is a cautionary tale about the making of a feature film, or rather the un-making of it.<br />For years, Director Terry Gilliam dreamed of making a screen adaptation of the Don Quixote story - you know, that old and senile Spanish knight who tilts at windmills. In 2000, with a budget of $32 million, Terry set about to do just that. His film, entitled &quot;The Man Who Killed Don Quixote&quot;, stars Jean Rochefort as Quixote and Johnny Depp as Sancho Panza.<br />After several months of pre-production, Rochefort and Depp arrive on location, and shooting begins in the Spanish desert. During the first week, the crew copes with continual overflights of screeching F-16 jets, a thunderstorm that generates a flash flood that destroys equipment, and an injury to the 70-year old Rochefort that'll apparently keep him off his faithful steed unless cured. (Don Quixote on foot? Hmm, doesn't call-up quite the same image, does it?)<br />In the second week of shooting, a visit by the investors is followed by one from the insurance adjuster, who begins to mumble about &quot;acts of God&quot; precluding payment. Meanwhile, Rochefort is back in Paris to see his physician, and things don't look promising for a timely return. Then, the First Assistant Director, Phil Patterson, delivers the final blow.<br />Viewing LOST IN LA MANCHA, there's a certain terrible fascination watching the director's dream crumble before his (and your) eyes because of appallingly bad luck. One can't help but feel sorry for the poor devil. The film will, perhaps, only appeal to one that loves the movies and appreciates, at least to a minor degree, the organization, preparation, and coordination necessary to mount and complete a major production.<br />A postscript in the end credits informs the audience that Gilliam has since re-acquired the rights to &quot;The Man Who Killed Don Quixote&quot;, which defaulted to the insurance company, and plans to give it another go. If it's ever released, I'll pay to see it just out of sympathy.d Don Quixote&quot;, which defaulted to the insurance company, and plans to give it another go. If it's ever released, I'll pay to see it just out of sympathy.
B00008S2VG|5.0|It is one of Madonnas best releases. I would put it together with Like a Prayer and Ray of Light. I love the arrangements, the sofisticated sounds, the mature lyrics, the beats.<br />Best midtempos: Die another Day, Nobody Knows me, Love profusion.<BR>Best ballads: intervention, nothing fails, easy ride.<BR>in the middle: american life, im so stupid.<BR>touchy: x-static process<br />beautiful album.
B000006TRV|5.0|This review is less about the digitally remastered CD but more of the work itself. After having survived a nostalgic trip listening to Supertramp, I thought I should dig up my boxed set of The Wall and listen to it once more. Yeah, yeah..its like apple and oranges, very different.<br />I have been playing it over and over again, just to marvel at the social commentary and the technical excellence of the entire composition. I had always told my friends if they wanted to test their hi-fi set, play Disc 1 especially the bit where the helicopter comes on and where the sound of trashing runs from left to right. Absolutely amazing.<br />As for the songs, what can I say? To those who rated it a single star, they probably do not understand the music.
B0001GF2DS|4.0|A few years ago, MGM released The this movie on DVD with an excellent transfer and a modest collection of extras. This year, they have gone back to the well and released a 2-disc special edition with a new assortment of supplemental material and restored the movie, as close as possible, to Sergio Leone's original Italian version. Does all this new material warrant an upgrade from the original release? You betcha!<br />The presence of Eastwood biographer Richard Schickel on many of the film's extras places the emphasis a little more on Eastwood than Leone. It's unfortunate that Christopher Frayling, author of Something to Do with Death, the definitive book on Sergio Leone and his films, was not included on this DVD. His presence on the Once Upon A Time in the West DVD was invaluable and he is sorely missed on this one. Having said that, the extras that are on this new 2-DVD set are top notch.<br />On the first DVD is an audio commentary by film critic and historian Richard Schickel. He starts off the track by explaining how the film was originally cut by over twenty minutes for the American release. This new version is as close to Leone's original Italian version as is possible with the surviving footage. Schickel talks at length about Leone's distinctive style of filmmaking. He also talks about the influence of fine art on Leone's style. Despite mistakenly calling Angel Eyes The Ugly character from the titles (it is actually Tuco), his track is very informative and rich with interesting factoids.<br />The second DVD begins with a twenty-minute featurette entitled, \\"Leone's West,\\" which looks at the making of this classic western. Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach and the film's producer Alberto Grimaldi talk about their experiences and recount wonderful anecdotes in brand new interviews. The one glaring omission is the downplaying of Lee Van Cleef's contribution to the film. Just because he isn't alive to provide his own thoughts, this featurette pretty much ignores his significant contribution to the movie.<br />\\"The Leone Style\\" examines the director's unique approach to the craft of filmmaking. He favoured long takes and often juxtaposed close-ups with long shots that gave his movies a grandiose quality. This is a good extra.<br />An element of the film that is not often examined is the American Civil War that acts as a backdrop to the main action of the film. \\"The Man Who Lost The Civil War\\" examines the \\"Sibley Campaign\\" that actually took place on the Texas-Mexico border as depicted in the film.<br />\\"Reconstructing The Good, The Bad and The Ugly\\" is a look at how this classic was restored to almost its original length.<br />Ennio Morricone's invaluable contribution is examined in \\"Il Maestro: Ennio Morricone and The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.\\"<br />There are also two deleted scenes that could not be integrated back into the movie because the original negative was too badly damaged. One scene is even reconstructed through stills and footage from the French trailer.<br />MGM has released a quality product with this new special edition 2-DVD set. There is enough material to warrant an upgrade if you have the original DVD. The discs come in an attractive package, the film has never looked better, the new footage neither hinders nor improves the film, and the extras provide fascinating background to this classic western that redefined the genre.ignificant contribution to the movie.<br />\\"The Leone Style\\" examines the director's unique approach to the craft of filmmaking. He favoured long takes and often juxtaposed close-ups with long shots that gave his movies a grandiose quality. This is a good extra.<br />An element of the film that is not often examined is the American Civil War that acts as a backdrop to the main action of the film. \\"The Man Who Lost The Civil War\\" examines the \\"Sibley Campaign\\" that actually took place on the Texas-Mexico border as depicted in the film.<br />\\"Reconstructing The Good, The Bad and The Ugly\\" is a look at how this classic was restored to almost its original length.<br />Ennio Morricone's invaluable contribution is examined in \\"Il Maestro: Ennio Morricone and The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.\\"<br />There are also two deleted scenes that could not be integrated back into the movie because the original negative was too badly damaged. One scene is even reconstructed through stills and footage from the French trailer.<br />MGM has released a quality product with this new special edition 2-DVD set. There is enough material to warrant an upgrade if you have the original DVD. The discs come in an attractive package, the film has never looked better, the new footage neither hinders nor improves the film, and the extras provide fascinating background to this classic western that redefined the genre.
B00006IM9Q|5.0|&quot;Dreaming&quot; is one of the best pop songs ever written and makes this CD worth purchasing. The rest is great, too.
B0001Z363W|5.0|As much as I'd like to be surprised by the contrasted reviews of Hangover Music Vol. VI, I have to admit that I am not surprised in the least. This album has simply separated the true music fans from the \\"hardcore\\" sole metal listener. Unfortunately, those who degrade this album probably have not given it a decent listen.<br />First off I need to correct several blatantly wrong statements that were made in previous comments. The 1994 album entitled \\"Pride &amp; Glory\\" was not a Zakk Wylde solo release. Rather, it was released by the trio by the name of Pride &amp; Glory. Also, Pride and Glory's predecessor, \\"Book of Shadows,\\" was not released in 1999. The Book of Shadows actual release date was 1996. <br />Although, like Book of Shadows, this album contains mainly acoustic and piano based tracks, a direct comparison between the two albums is weak, to say the least. Each Zakk album contains a definitive, unique atmosphere. No two Zakk albums to date have been directly comparable, nor do I believe that any will ever be.<br />As far as the amount of comments regarding the notion that this album should not have been released under the Black Label name, how ignorant can you possible be? First off, this album had been brewing in the minds of Zakk fans for years. Many interviews with Zakk have addressed the potential release of an acoustic album, and Zakk never once shot down the potential. Also, in recent interviews regarding Hangover Music Vol. VI, Zakk has made no remarks comparing this release to any previous BLS release. Rather, Zakk blatantly admitted that the album was acoustic and piano based. He even compared the album to the 1994 Alice in Chains release \\"Jar of Flies.\\" Enough said. Anyone who is honestly surprised about the drastic change in sound on this newest release should find it difficult to call himself a Black Label Society fan. Besides, what difference would it have made if Zakk would have put his name on the album, besides giving several thick-skulled toolboxes less to complain about? Quite simply, none.<br />On to the point: this album is undoubtedly another great album from Zakk Wylde. Zakk has finally reunited with fellow musicians in the studio to produce an awesome piece of emotion. Sit down and listen to the entire album a few times; it is only then that you'll fully understand exactly what this new release is all about.
B00006ZCFH|1.0|When Erykah said she was having a bad case of writer's block while doing this album, she wasn't kidding. Every song was like an intro that lasted 3-4 minutes. There were hardly any verses, just hooks, every track sounds like the previous, like the whole cd is just one long song. I feel so ripped off, like Erykah wanted to make a quick fifteen bucks off me for an empty cd case.
6305127638|5.0|STAR TREK: FIRST CONTACT is one the best of the Star Trek franchise.  A nifty time travel story that includes an inventive origin story of humans first meeting with &quot;Vulcans&quot; (i.e. Mr. Spock) and using a major nemesis from the tv-series &quot;the Borg&quot;. The &quot;Next Generations&quot; crew is on hand for an above-average adventure yarn along with a great character created as the point of origin, Zefram Cochrane played perfectly by James Cromwell (BABE, L.A. CONFIDENTIAL) along with Alfre Woodard (as Lily Stone) and finally a great villianous turn as the Borg Queen is Alice Krige (GHOST STORY).  Director/starring Jonathan Frakes knows these characters very well and with many things going on at once, there is no sag in the storytelling and everything seems to be in sync. One aspect that the screen writers took into account was the toning down of Data's (Brent Spiner) &quot;emotion chip&quot; that was so annoying in the 'ST-GENERATIONS' film and the character is able to redeem himself as one of the heroes in the story. Enough can't be said of Patrick Stewart whose Picard is the glue that holds the movie/crew together.  The scenes with he and Michael Dorn (as the Klingon Cmdr Worf) are some of the best.  Overall, a Star Trek movie that holds its own to WRATH OF KHAN, THE VOYAGE HOME, and THE UNDISCOVERED COUNTRY due to some ingenious plot devices, great characters, good special effects, and excellent direction.
B0001Z363W|1.0|Glad I got warned about this garbage before I bought it! NOT A ROCK SONG TO BE FOUND! Why the skulls and fire on the cover?  To fool everybody into thinking it was going to be rock.  And to think that I was just starting to like BLS.
B00005MP58|3.0|The BBC's production of &quot;Pride &amp; Prejudice,&quot; starring Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth, is one of the finest television mini-series ever made.  It was released during the Jane Austen adaptation craze of the early- to mid-nineties.  In terms of quality and entertainment value, it bests most of the theatrically released Austen adaptations of the past decade, with the sole exception probably being Ang Lee's &quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot; (from Emma Thompson's screenplay).<br />UNFORTUNATELY, this DVD edition is so poorly produced that first-time viewers may find this 5-star production anything but.  &quot;Enigma,&quot; another English production, was initially released in a similarly execrable DVD edition, then later re-released with a far, far superior transfer.  One can only hope this will happen for &quot;Pride &amp; Prejudice.&quot;  For one, the video appears to be converted from PAL, the European video standard.  The colors are horrifically washed out; the series now looks like it was shot in 1963.  There is also some very obvious video artifacting and compression; the series needed another disc to maximize picture quality.  Quite disappointing.<br />Despite the DVD's drawbacks, &quot;Pride &amp; Prejudice&quot; is still a wonderful retelling of Austen's masterpiece, with consistently excellent performances from the entire cast.  (Jennifer Ehle, interestingly, is not British.)  On this DVD, however, it is now much less sumptuous -- hence the three stars.
B000002KDO|5.0|Master of Reality kicks off with the amazing Sweet Leaf, a song about cannabinoid use with one of the greatest geetar riffs of all time. After Forever is somthing of a curiosity, a Christian song on a Black Sabbath album! I suppose the message here is that they are not a &quot;Satanic&quot; band a la Deicide et al, but merely sing about God, the Devil and such in a descriptive way. Black Sabbath to me are the musical equivalent of a Hammer Horror film, except they have aged better! Embryo is a nice 20 second piece (at least Black Sabbath kept their instrumental meanderings short and to the point!), and it's on to the colossal, thundering, &quot;Children of the Grave&quot; and a warning that is still as relevant to day as it was three decades ago (it's hard to believe this album is over 30 years old!) Orchid is another short &amp; sweet insrumental at 1 and a half minutes, followed by the brilliant &quot;Lord of this World&quot;, the haunting, &quot;Planet Caravan&quot;-like &quot;Solitude&quot; and &quot;Into the Void&quot;, a great track, but not the best one on the album. Many cite this as Black Sabbath's best album, and I can't prove them wrong - most of their releases are of such good quality it's just so hard to pick one single best album. Master of Reality is certainly a contender.
B0001DI0FI|5.0|20th Century Fox really went to town on this full-rigged edition of Peter Weir's ultimate old man movie \\"Master and Commander: The Far side of the World.\\"  From stern to stern, they've packed these two discs with worthwhile features in addition to a superb transfer of the movie itself.  Two documentaries, each in anamorphic widescreen video, are particularly good:  one is a basic but very seaworthy behind-the-scenes look at the making of the film and the other is Skipper Peter Weir's perspective on how he approached the adaptation of Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin novels.  Worth a few more crowns than the stripped-down version, eh, mate?<br />Why is this the ultimate old man movie?  If ya have to ask, \\"Master and Commander\\" may be better off settin' sail without ya!  With pitched ship-to-ship battles, death-defying swordplay, vicious squalls, and nary a female character in sight (save for the briefest of moments; better not blink), this is the perfect entertainment for the saltiest of sea dogs.  You wannabes who play with your little toy boats in the bathtub, beware!  The rest of you able-bodied swabbies to the deck!  The HMS Surprise is getting ready to raise anchor!
B0001BKAEY|4.0|The Matrix Revolutions is a very good movie, but it has too many flashing lights and sound effects. I reccomend this movie for anyone who has seen the first two Matrix movies. This one is better than the second one, but not as good as the first.
0316096199|4.0|This wonderful account of a teenage rape, &quot;Lucky&quot;, is one of the best books I have ever read. It gives insight into this world of rape and the healing process that goes along with it. It allows the reader to actually feel as though they are the victim living in Alice Sebold's shoes. Although this novel is a memoir, it was very exhilerating to read and kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time trying to figure out what was going to happen next. This idea of a real life rape victim helps the reader to acknowledge the real world and the problems that come along with it. It is hard to realize, but anyone and/or everyone has a chance at being this rape victim.  It is a nightmare.  I believe that every teenage/adolescent girl should read this to gain the knowledge about rape that will keep them safe in todays society!
B00009XITP|5.0|amanda's just bustin; out all over the place, beleive you me, you need to watch the dvd to see how lovely and mature amanda has become, she;s really blossomed into a woman, she's wow wow owo wow wow wow in mini skirt ooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww wooooooooooooooo hooooooooooooo<BR>!!!!!!!!!!!11
B00007BH5C|5.0|This is one of the most stunning CD's I have ever had the privilage to listen to!<BR>Being an avid Tolkien fan since I was five years old, I was as happy as a lady could be when the soundtracks came out.<BR>From the exciting opening number to the calm and tear-jerking ending, this breathtaking CD captures every essence of Tolkien's magical world, from it's darkest and deepest pits of horror (illustrated beautifully by THE PASSAGE OF THE MARSHES) to the most pure and uplifting Elven music (EVENSTAR), to the complete despair of the entire quest (THE LEAVE TAKING and THE FORBIDDEN POOL) to the unbelievably powerful victory music of ISENGARD UNLEASHED and FORTH EORLINGAS, to the almost disturbing sadness of GOLLUM'S SONG, this CD is a masterpiece!
B00008CLOA|5.0|This is the ultimate album.  The SACD mix only makes it better.  The only question I have is &quot;why aren't other Pink Floyd albums given the SACD treatment?&quot;
B000021YQV|5.0|first of all id like to say a big **** you to some of the below reviewers who gave this album under three stars because this is phenomenal music and should be heard by everybody, the guitarist daron malakian is the most original guitarist ive ever heard some of his guitar riffs have left me speechless if you play guitar and listen to this record properly then you should come to appreciate and understand what i am talking about, and also do not judge this cd on the first song, i mean i love it to death but the guitar is very simple and  a tad repetative, i have over forty Cds by artists including deftones, mudvayne, korn, metallica, limp bizkit, slipknot, papa roach, metallica, marilyn manson and linkin park and i can say that these guys are by far the best, here is a quick rundown of the tracks on this exceptional record<br />1.Prison Song:8/10 an excellent headbangers song, great lyrics<BR>2.Needles:9/10 lyrics arent great but the guitar and drums make up for it<BR>3.Deer Dance:10/10 i will always love this song extreamly heavy but emotional suprising bridge<BR>4.Jet Pilot:7/10 good song but a bit repetative and boring, the guitar riff towards the end is interesting though<BR>5.X (multiply):5/10 many people i know like this song, but i personally dont like it and usually skip it<BR>6.Chop Suey:10/10 this song is what brought many people to like system, this song has the best example of heavy and soft music mixed into a song, great emotional ending<BR>7.Bounce:7/10 a bit to gimmicky for my liking but a great song non the less a great mosher song<BR>8.Forest:10/10 another exceptional song filled with emotion, the end will really get you pumped, more interesting guitar and drums for ya<BR>9.ATWA:10/10 stands for air trees water animals, many people dont like this song due to its fairly soft intro and verses but it really picks up for you people towards the end, love the guitar<BR>10.Science:10/10 great song listen to the words and love the guitar riff in the chorus<BR>11.Shimmy:8/10 another real mosher song, pretty good, can also be found in the playstation 2 game tony hawks pro skater 4<BR>12.toxicity:10/10 the drums in this song are absolutley ledgendary and the guitar is really creative nice song the instruments work really well together in this song a little suprise for you at the end...<BR>13.Psyco:6/10 another gimmicy song a bit of a mosher this song is give a six due to the ok guitar solo at the end<BR>14.Aerials:9/10 their 3rd release excellent song, soft parts and hard parts this songs ending will also leave you pumped<br />although you may not share my opinion of this masterpeice at first i assure you it will grow and you and you will love it, especially if you are a musician yourself or like heavy music
0451169514|5.0|Absolutley fantastic. This is Stephen King's magnum opus in my opinion. The relation between the characters is simply outstanding. This was the first Stephen King book I read and it is my favorite by far. Simply put, this is one of the best books i have ever read. Although it is 1090 pages, it is worth reading. If you are thinking about buying this book, think no further and just buy it. You'll like the book, I guarntee it.
B0001611DI|5.0|I reviewed the new one and was disapointed a little but some things wher good.  This the original masterpice is just great and even tho it was a low budget on the film George A. Romero did a great job.  It is not Night Of The Living Dead but it is better than the hollywood crap that was spewed onto the big screen. This movie seemed that if i had saw it back then when it araived then i would have been scared out of my friggin mind.  Well george is awsome and you can never remake a classic film like this one.  This movie features the bet line in any horror movie and it is still haunting to think about today.  &quot;When there is no more room in hell the dead will walk the earth.&quot;  not as good a line as &quot;There comming to get you barbra&quot;  but still good in it's own way.  all in all this film is great and should bee woned by all.  CLASSIC! bye!
0553274503|5.0|Oh, my God! This book is just incredible.  There are only a handful of books that I've read over the years that really &quot;stuck&quot; with me.  Books that I refuse to lend to people for fear they won't give them back.  FLOWERS FOR ALGERNON is one such book. McCrae's BARK OF THE DOGWOOD was another.<br />ALGERNON reminded me somewhat of the movie AWAKENINGS with Robbin Williams (an excellent film by the way).  But if you get past they &quot;story&quot; of the book, you'll see that ALGERONON is also a commentary on human nature, or the lack thereof.  I literally wanted to strangle some of the characters, especially the ones who were laughing at Charlie behind his back.  And how painful this book becomes when the main character comes to realize this!  Is it better to be in the dark?  This book is just wonderful and I can't recommend it enough.
B00009V7T2|1.0|So many people told me I had to listen to this album. So far I've tried listening to the cd about 10 times and can't really seem to make it through. A lot of people comment about how deep all their music is and all, I think I'd have to ask if anyone has realized that this music just really sucks? I've seen it on here a few times after I came to the same conclusion when I first heard it &quot;It just sounds like a really bad Rush impression&quot;. I think the best way I can say it in my own words is that is just sounds like one of those bands you listen to to be cool in college.
0451169514|4.0|This is a really great book.It has things in it that I liked.For instance people getting killed and evil clowns.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is the only great rock band of the 90's that decided not to sell out and, instead, to grow up.  I have noted the increasing maturity of each record they put out, form the raw, youthful intensity of &quot;Opiate,&quot; to the polished, thoughtful, patient and rewarding crafting of &quot;Lateralus.&quot;  If it is still possible to create a classic album, I believe Tool has accomplished this with their latest.  <br />Tool may have lost some fans, weeding out the music lovers from the headbangers with their increasing subtlety and nuance.  That's okay, because I believe they have gained some better fans in the process.  <br />With their use of odd meters and polyrhythms, Tool is increasingly considered to ba a progressive rock band.  This term holds a negative connotation for me.  Most prog rock (Rush, Dream Theater, even some King Crimson)is unforgivably pretentious and surface, focusing more on complexity than musicality.  This does not apply to Tool.  The rhythmic complexity is unobtrusive, almost impreceptable as it is used to unify, not to impress.  There is an almost Steven Reich-like minimalsim to Tool's music.  It is assured and effective.  I also use a Pink Floyd comparison a lot when describing Tool's music.  They have that same ethereal depth and weight that one finds in a record like &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; or &quot;The Wall.&quot;  <br />In this age of image-driven, bubblegum music, it is hard to believe that this band remains successful.  It's also damned encouraging.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|I came away from this movie feeling very underwhelmed.  Far from being the tour-de-force that many critics made it out to be, \\"Lost in Translation\\" was, in my view, a pastiche of sappy cliches, banal dialogue, and unfunny attempts at humor.  Although there was a certain degree of tenderness and poignancy in the relationship between Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson, that could not conceal the fact that something important and quintessential in their relationship was missing, rendering it less than convincing.<br />To be fair, the film started out well.  As the two protagonists exchanged pleasantries late one night over drinks, their budding friendship seemed genuine and entirely believable.  But, alas, that quality faded as their romance further evolved.  Murray appeared increasingly wooden and lethargic, while Johanssen became annoyingly predictable, smiling and chuckling as if on cue.  In the penultimate scene, when the two were locked in a farewell embrace, their feelings for each other seemed artificial and, in a sense, unfounded.  Small wonder, then, that I was left with the inescapable impression that I had fallen victim to a beguiling swindle.
B0000047CW|5.0|Many think that this was &quot;the first bossa nova album&quot;... of course that this was the 1st album to introduce bossa nova to north americans, but stan getz and charlie byrd had to learn that from someone else.. they DID NOT invented the genre... if you want to listen to some true bossa nova, from one of the greatest brazilian musicians, the father of bossa nova, try some albums from the maestro TOM JOBIM!
B000004286|5.0|After Horner wrote this score, he was content to copy from it in ensuing movies (such as Courage Under Fire). He even re-used the &quot;ground breaking&quot; melodic bagpipes in Titanic, to admittedly great effect.<br />One of my favorite scores, favorite composers, and favorite movies.<br />I also recommend Horner's Field of Dreams and Apollo 13 scores.
B000002HJR|5.0|Although my personal preference lies with Down II, NOLA(an acronymfor New Orleans, Louisiana) is still a force to be reckoned with. Members of Pantera, COC, Eyehategod, and Crowbar coming together to record a Southern-fried slab of 70's style heavy metal? Are you kidding? Gimme!<br />NOLA has some clear differences from Down II. It's consistently heavier, Phil resorts to screaming his way through much of it, and there is less diversity between tracks. That being said, this manages to be one of the greatest metal albums ever. Every song has at least one classic or memorable riff within--the best tracks 4 or 5. Occasionally, an unorthodox instrument will show up: a water pipe on &quot;Hail The Leaf,&quot; bongos in &quot;Jail,&quot; plenty of cowbell, an acoustic guitar, etc.<br />&quot;Temptation's Wings&quot; gives the album a good head start, and is followed by &quot;Lifer,&quot; which has a drop-dead gorgeous crunchy riff that shows up about two minutes into it. &quot;Pillars of Eternity&quot; has a pounding/tribal nature about it, and &quot;Hail The Leaf&quot; sets a dichotomy to it by being much slower and moodier. &quot;Rehab&quot; is my personal favorite song off the album due to its unbelievable melodies in guitar and vocals(he sings!). Excellent harmonization on Pepper's part as well. &quot;Stone The Crow&quot; was a minor radio hit back in 1995, and it's easy to see why with its beautiful bluesy guitar lead and melodic chorus. &quot;Pray For The Locust&quot; is a mystical acoustic ditty, and &quot;Jail&quot; is a spooky swampsong--all acoustic, very &quot;Planet Caravan&quot;-esque. Down would perfect this style of moody softer bit with their next record. &quot;Swan Song&quot; has a delicate main riff that kicks it off, and &quot;Underneath Everything&quot; shares a similar style of crunchy quasi-thrash riff with the closer, &quot;Bury Me In Smoke.&quot; <br />To summarize, Down crafted a fine album with NOLA. The album is a time capsule of sorts, because it captures the essence of the South in 1995. The artwork, the band members, the filler paper, the numerous references to a certain leafy substance/smoke/its effects, the CD with a bird's-eye-view of NOLA itself, the Superdome and all...it's the South incarnate. Fans and B.R.O.E.S. alike had seven years to digest the album until its radically developed followup came along the damp and dusty bayou path in 2002, so most listeners' favor falls with this release. In reality, it's a toss-up. Both albums are worth owning.<br />Be a Lifer. Ride Temptation's Wings. Listen to Down.
