B00001XT76|3.0|Potential buyers should be aware that this DVD is NOT anamorphic, despite being in 1.85:1. So if, like me, you were looking forward to proper display on a 16:9 TV, you will be disappointed.
B00004YRQA|4.0|Every game I've played requires a memory card to get the most out of it. One would think it should be included in the box. Since it isn't, you have to buy one of these. Its 8MB capacity is good--most games only require a couple hundred K, so I don't anticipate needing to buy another. My first card unfortunately died a week after I bought the system. After playing one game and loading another, it just stopped showing up... it was like it wasn't even plugged in. I replaced it and so far the replacement hasn't had any problems. It leaves me a little concerned about the card's reliability, though.
0446310786|5.0|This book was very interesting, and although I usually do not enjoy reading I couldn't put this book down. I will not go into detail with the plot, but the detail expressed from the view of a childs eyes was very realistic, as well as the entire plot and moral of the story. Defitnitely an A+.
B00003CX5P|1.0|If one of the special extra on this DVD is the ability to edit out Jar-Jar, I will definitely buy it. Of course, it would be nice if I could also edit out Liam Neeson, and get my $ back that I wasted seeing it in the theatre.
B000002N2P|5.0|Even though Green Day is best known for &quot;Dookie&quot;, &quot;Insomniac&quot; is a much better record. Every song on the album is excellent, as great three-chord guitar is accompanied with clever lyrics. Insomniac is the most punk that Green Day has ever been. The best song(s) on the album is Brain Stew/Jaded. Brain Stew is the slow anthem that everyone has heard, but it only sets up for the best song on the album, Jaded, which is very fast and loud. The Brain Stew/Jaded combo is awesome! Other standouts include Armatage Shanks, Geek Stink Breath, 86, and Panic Song. Don't let the slower sales and less MTV exposure fool you. This is my favorite album ever, and is a great buy for anyone who likes Green Day or punk.
0792846303|5.0|Along with Halloween, and Escape From New York, this is Carpenter at his very best. Perhaps the success comes from such a solid story for a feature length film-- devoid of the &quot;Twilight Zone&quot; cheesiness of &quot;Village of the Damned&quot; or &quot;They Live.&quot; This one's truly scary, and creepy... keeping the monsters enshrouded in mist most of the time, when we DO see of them it's extremely effective. The cast is first rate, the suspense is HEAVY, the ending is one of the best of any horror film. If only John Carpenter would make more like this one...
B00003CXRM|5.0|great movie. george clooney becomes comic genius. makes up for batman and robin.
B00004RFFI|2.0|If only the script of TWISTER was as good as the special effects. If only they had paid as much careful attention to detail on the story, as on the storm. If only the music was SCARY, playing the storm like it was a psychotic giant ravaging the landscape, rather than playing soaring strings to emphasize the &quot;heroism&quot; or bravery of the stormchasers. The suspense could have been so much greater, it could have been a classic. But, alas... Jan DeBont seemed more interested in other things. Perhaps he was trying to transcend the genre? Perhaps that's why they put ridiculous angelic voices as Bill and Helen are pulled into the vortex of the killer twister... instead of making it terrifying. In reality, that would be terrifying. This film, unfortunately, was not. The effects get five stars, the film gets a two, for missing so many opportunities. Oh, note to all screenwriters: don't have your main characters spend 3 minutes discussing their on-off love relationship AFTER they've heard the killer storm is headed straight for their beloved aunt's house. That pretty much ruins a movie in one fell swoop.
B00000IJPU|4.0|You know that considering that writing reviews is entirely voluntary, you'd wondor why I'm bothering to review this one because as as far as compilations go, it's a real source of stress, headaches and nausea. Why? Because I find it very hard to decide weather to give this a 4 or merely a 3. Well, I could give 4 because its full of great music by one of the most incredible bands ever to plug in an amp, turn it up to 10 and let rip. If you own one or none of Maiden's albums, it is well worth buying this for the simple reason that it gives you a nice little taster of what awaits you ahead. The majority of these songs definately deserve to be here, and if you haven't got anything else by Iron Maiden then this will inspire you to buy more. This was the first metal album I ever bought and Iron Maiden remain to this day to be one of my (if not my absolute) favourite bands. It is hard-hitting and will convert you to Iron Maiden and you will truly appreciate them as very talented musicians who will always give it their all and nothing less. On the other hand, now that I am a big fan, not just of Iron Maiden, but of metal generally, I notice the ommisions. This has been highlighted by other reviews as well. Only one song off both Somewhere In Time and Piece Of Mind. No songs from the Paul DiAnno era except Runing Free and even then its a live version with Bruce Dickinson. Not that that's bad as Bruce is far superior to Paul (and most other vocalists), but Paul was there at the beginning and should deserve some recognition as the original singer for Iron Maiden. Bruce joined when they had already established themselves whereas Paul went through the usual ... of signing up on the dole and touring hard (like the rest of the band line-up at the time obviously) in order to make a name for the band. It features pictures of him but no music. What really rubs the salt in the wound is that Blaze Bayley has 2 songs on here. I mean he's not as bad as people say but if he is on here why shouldn't Paul be? I'd rather have Phantom Of The Opera than Virus any day. There's also the usual moan about golden era songs that have been left out like Revaltions, Infinite Dreams and Heaven Can Wait. I must say that I've never been too impressed with Can I Play With Madness. Obviously Bring Your Daughter has to be there coz its their no. 1, but ironically its one of my least favourite songs on the album (compared to Aces High - one of the best songs ever written - which only just made it into the top 40). All in all though, I have given this 4 marks because the point of a compilation is for new-comers. If you hear this and you are a new-comer to the band it will blow you away and therefore it will have served its purpose as a selection of great songs that introduces you to the band. Start with this, but don't stop here.shouldn't Paul be? I'd rather have Phantom Of The Opera than Virus any day. There's also the usual moan about golden era songs that have been left out like Revaltions, Infinite Dreams and Heaven Can Wait. I must say that I've never been too impressed with Can I Play With Madness. Obviously Bring Your Daughter has to be there coz its their no. 1, but ironically its one of my least favourite songs on the album (compared to Aces High - one of the best songs ever written - which only just made it into the top 40). All in all though, I have given this 4 marks because the point of a compilation is for new-comers. If you hear this and you are a new-comer to the band it will blow you away and therefore it will have served its purpose as a selection of great songs that introduces you to the band. Start with this, but don't stop here.
0789723107|5.0|Steve Krug's &quot;Don't Make Me Think&quot; is the best book on web usability that I have ever come across. There are two reasons for this, first is that the content is strong in boiling very complex concepts down their simplest format. The second is that he manages to impart the information in such a way that you immediately grasp the concepts. The reason some have complained that there is not a lot &quot;new&quot; in here is that usability is nothing new to begin with. What is new is being able to take so many issues and find simple metaphors to illustrate them. I'm always amazed at usability books that are poor at being usable! It is almost impossible not to make a significant improvement to your web site after reading this work. Steve does wonderful job of getting inside the head and visual cortex of the potential surfer of your site. You see it through that person's eyes for the first time. And he shows you how to convey these obvious, but sometimes hard to articulate trouble spots to the rest of the team. Buy this book. If you read it and come away not learning anything, then I believe you have lost track of the forest for the trees. Stop, clear your mind, and read it again. In years of doing this, I've never seen such an effective treatment of the subject, and I can't wait until Steve produces a sequel with even more insight.
0380973650|5.0|The worst thing you can say about the latest novel from Gaiman is that it doesn't really break any new ground. The mixture of old myths in the contemporary world has been handled by many other authors, especially De Lint. The concept of gods requiring worship to exist and the consequences of being forgotten was covered by Terry Pratchett (who co-authored Good Omens with Gaiman and gets a acknowledgement for helping with this book), most notably in Small Gods. The good news is that the above is the only bad thing about this book. Gaiman has done a masterful job in depicting the downfall of myth and what we worship in its place. I was in turns shocked, saddened, elated, touched, and disgusted but I was always entertained. An otherwise dull weekend was spent obsessively turning the pages...I could not put this book down. American Gods is a book worth your time. It is more polished than Neverwhere and light years better than Stardust. Gaiman is setting lofty expectations for his next novel. I can't wait to see if he reaches them.
6304346107|4.0|This movie is really hard for me to rate. I loved the plot and I liked most of the characters. My main problem with this movie was Emma herself. I didn't like her. She was a snob and very meddlesome, which I guess is the whole point of the story. She was so unlikeable that even after her transformation, I still didn't think she deserved a fairy tale ending. Besides the ending though, I really enjoyed this movie and would recommend it.
0345409671|4.0|Anne Rice did a true work in turning out her version of Paradise Lost. She made the devil a character so interesting that it intrigued her most mischievious of creations, Lestat. And I say she does a work because it is an experience so traumatizing to Lestat that he takes a two book vacation from ther Vampire Chronicles, a series which before this novel has obsessed over this blonde haired vampire. Although I don't believe this book has the absolute energy that some of her other books had, I think that it is a good read and interesting read. And as I have heard somewhere before, this book is not for those &quot;weak in mind.&quot; It definitely challenges some of the mainstream ideals many of us hold in today's society.
6303921248|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. My roomate brought it from home and when she said how wonderful it was, I was a bit doubtful. It has always been my experience that the story line and characters are usually altered when a book is made into a movie. This was not the case with A&amp;E's production of Pride and Prejudice. The characters were just how I pictured them from Jane Austin's novel, and in most cases the dialogue was directly from the book. They did an awe inspiring job of turning a classic novel into a classsic movie. Since that first night my roomate brought it home I've watched it again and again. When she went home for the summer and took it with her, I went out and bought it. The greatest thing about this movie, besides Darcy's brooding good looks and Lizzie's charming wit, is that they divide the story in a way in which you'll end up having a favorite tape out of the six volumes. If you are not in the mood to watch the entire movie, you can just pop in your favorite moment. I definately recommend this movie to anyone and everyone. I know y'all will love it as much as I do.
B00004Y62T|5.0|Film, as all other types of art, should incoporate the ideals of the past with the technology of the present. Fashion designers update classic designs with modern fabics and in that way I think that Minghella's &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley&quot; is an updated version of Highsmith's classic suspense book. I believe both shine in their own lights. The book, although engrossing and suspenseful, did lack some of the energy of the film and I believe it was held back by some of the conventions of the time it was written in. On the other hand, Minghella gave the book a particular spin by including magnetizing undertones that speak to the hidden desires many people have. Although Matt Damon's performance was at time static, I believe the life and exuberance both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jude Law brought the film carried the movie as a whole. In this movie, some of the things Highsmith told through some of her slower prose, Minghella embodied in characters such as Meredith Logue, Peter Smith-Kingsley, and a few others. No one can argue that Minghella was very ambitious in taking on Highsmith's work and giving it a 90s gloss and spin. Some of the issues raised in the movie I don't think Highsmith had the liberty to really deal with in depth due to their taboo nature. For those looking for an action packed super-thriller, this movie is not that. For those looking for an Hitchcock-inspired smartly told story about the haves and the have-nots, I think this movie is just that.
B00003CY0V|5.0|Swordfish is by far one of the most increadible movies I have ever seen. Its superb acting and unbelievable special effects can only be matched by its thrilling storyline. If your tired of your typical run of the mill movie, Swordfish is the one for you.
B00005J9M1|5.0|Ask John Q Music Fan for the best records of the 90's, and he'll probably rattle off any number of titles by Nirvana, Pearl Jam and other grunge-sters, some new-school, angry electronic/industrial discs, wack hip-hop etc... but, the astute lover of the finest pop will hardly hesitate to mention &quot;Very&quot;-- the day-glow orange slab of genius that the Pet Shop Boys sprung on the unsuspecting masses right in the middle of the Grunge/Industrial craze. &quot;Very&quot; is easily the PSB's most sophisticated and deeply melodic album, brimming with almost painfully beautiful sonic scupltures, complex, weaving rythyms, wan, detatched vocals and intellectual lyrics. Tennant and Lowe strike a perfect balance among sly satire, elegiac wisfullness and doomy-techno laced forboding. Offering up quips on subjects ranging from music-biz skullduggery to the ravages of the AIDS age, &quot;Very&quot; also mines the lighter, more innocent territory of love, self awareness and longing for the past. It is a beautifully crafted and deeply moving album, easily one of the finest of the 1990's. This reissue features a remastered version of the original album. I'm not really sure it &quot;needed&quot; a remastering, but it sounds great all the same. The real selling point is the great bonus disc which contains all the relevant outtakes, B-sides, singles and remixes from around the time of &quot;Very&quot;'s original release. Certainly easier and cheaper than scouring the bins for obscure maxi-singles! Often, PSB outtakes are just as good as the &quot;official&quot; material (as demonstrated by the awesome &quot;Alternative&quot; collection) and this disc is no exception. Great listening!
0553573403|5.0|Tears and goosebumps. Loud, involuntary exclamations. When a book can elicit such reactions from me as I read it, I know I have a true winner on my hands. When it is possibly (with the exception of 2 Harry Potters) the first fantasy novel I have ever read, and it makes me want to read MORE then I know for sure I have a winner. I started the book carefully, and read carefully for the first 100 pages.....then I started looking forward to Jon's chapters only....then I was just trying to gulp the book down whole!! Well drawn characters I cared about and a setting I felt like I could walk into and know.....WOW!!
B0000256VK|5.0|Roxy's last-minute masterwork starts with &quot;More Than This&quot;: 4 and 1/2 of the most perfect minutes ever committed to magnetism... and, stunninly, it almost manages to operate at that level over its entire playing legnth. The album is, simply put, brilliant from start to finish. The aching beauty of the opener dissolves into the world-weary chug of the bottom heavy &quot;The Space Between&quot;, and then comes the smoldering &quot;Avalon&quot;: a prototypical example of what has become known as a &quot;come-down song&quot;. The songs is tired and desolate, almost threatening to decay into nothingess, then ressurected by ghostly female vox and sparkling guitar. The next track, &quot;India&quot; is one of two wonderfully compact and moody instrumentals...The other real highlight is &quot;To Turn You On&quot;-- a starkly beautiful and hugeley romantic tune which basically lays the blueprints down for the next decade-and-a-half of synth-pop, new-wave and electronica. The sound of the album has always been a selling point, and now, in the new Bob Ludwig-mastered HDCD version, you can rest assured that this about as good as electric music has ever sounded. These songs are like sonic sculptures, subtely blending the sparse, distinct playing with waves of spectral synths and an eerie sense of space and ambience to suggest the gigantic sense of desolation which the album explores. &quot;Pristine&quot; does not even begin to do justice to Rhett Davies production--&quot;Crystaline&quot; or &quot;Lucid&quot; are probably better adjectives. Sonically, it's easily one of a handful of high watermarks in pop music. Overall, it's the perfect end-of-the-party album: As the first sparks of sunlight appear on the horizon, the buzz wears off, the room is empty and demolished, these are the sounds you should hear. Ferry's signature &quot;I'd-rather-be-doing-something-else&quot; delivery, combined with the stark, gurgling and shimmering sounds of Roxy speaks of loss, regret and fleeting glory like no one else ever has. It is one of the finest intentional &quot;final albums&quot; a pop group has ever released, as it seems not just about the end of a partnership, or even the end of a &quot;party&quot;, but the end of an era, a sad and sweet end to all things.
B000002KXV|5.0|This first outing from Steely Dan's unique vocalist/composer will forever be one of my favorite albums. Chock full of witty lyrics, unbelievably clever jazzy chord progressions, and some fine playing from the biggest names in session musicians, this disc is a must in the collection of any serious jazz or rock fan. Honestly, as good as Aja, Coundown to Ecstacy, The Royal Scam, and many other Steely Dan albums are, this one's better by far. Is that saying alot or what? Buy it.
B00005J9M3|5.0|This album works wonderfully well as a coherent whole, trading dance and club music for elegiac, mysterious pop. The songs are immacuately constructed and recorded. Tennant's voice is in especially fine form. &quot;Being Boring&quot; may be the PSB's best individual track, with it's wistful meldoy and lyrics about spending one's time wisely. Honestly, every track has something to offer. The overall feel of the album is very low-key and melancholic, finding the Boys in a refelective mood at the start of the 90's. Essential listening. In my opinion, it is the 2nd best PSB album, with &quot;Very&quot; being their masterpiece. The bonus disc included with the new &quot;remastered&quot; version is definitely worth while, packed end-to-end with interesting outtakes, b-sides and other oddities.
B000002BHE|3.0|None of the songs stand out to me,but it is a good CD for people who love Celines gifted voice.
B000000OF6|3.0|The two American compilations are a mess, but this double CD set does little to fix that. Yes, it's better organized, but it's also missing classics like &quot;Body Language&quot; and &quot;Tie Your Mother Down&quot;.
B000002BHE|3.0|None of the songs stand out to me,but it is a good CD for people who love Celines gifted voice.
0671027573|1.0|I decided to read this book since it was classified as a mystery/thriller. It was much more of a romance. The basis of the plot was ridiculous and I couldn't believe the way some characters reacted to some events. Skip it.
B000002B2T|5.0|Mad Season is something of a Seattle supergroup with Alice In Chains lead vocalist Layne Staley joining up with Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready and the drummer from the Screaming Trees. The one album they made together, Above, is a stirring collection of songs that take on dark subject matters like death and addiction, but the album is not in the traditional grunge sound. There are some heavy guitar passages like in the psychedelic instrumental blast of &quot;November Hotel&quot; and bluesy &quot;Artificial Red&quot;, but overall, the album has a loose, almost jazz like quality. &quot;Wake Up&quot; has a pounding bass with a strong vocal and &quot;River Of Deceit&quot; is an absolutely gorgeous song with great instrumentation. Mad Season unfortunately was a one-off project, but it would have been interesting to see where the band could have gone if they decided to make a second album.
B00005LKHW|5.0|what is different between the ultimate edition rated and the ultimate edition unrated.
B00005LMBK|5.0|Gorillaz is a band made up of cartoon characters, but it's nothing like another famous two dimensional band, The Archies. Damon Alburn from Blur is the mastermind behind the group and the band has an eclectic mix of sounds that incorporates hip hop, electronica and even latin rhythms. The album features some guests, most notably hip hop legend Del The Funky Homosapien who raps on the album's single &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot; which is easily one of the two or three best songs from 2001. Gorillaz may not be real, but their sound is.
B00005LKIM|1.0|i see this poster where ever i go. please don't rent or get it.
B000059MEK|1.0|This album pales in comparison to Daft Punk's quality first release. It's full of played out pop hooks. This is not Techno music, it is... The fact that the title track is now featured on a GAP clothing commercial is testament to the fact that this record if full of mindless pop fodder for the MTV masses. Do yourself a favor and burn your $$$ instead. It'll be more interesting than listening to this album.
0060977493|5.0|I first read this book in 1997. Today, after 4 years and countless re-reads (and esp after reading some of the negative reviews in here, I owe it to the author I think) here is my observation: Arundhati Roy wrote this book for herself. We are just incidental readers. Some say that people destined to be writers (or those allowed a glimpse into the dark depths of life through circumstance) have just one story to narrate. Every time I read this book, I can't shake the feeling that she had tears in her eyes while she wrote this story - the one that was her destiny to tell.
0800177975|5.0|I didn't see it when it was released in theatres, but I bought the VHS edition and my daughter and I laughed our butts off. I bought the DVD version for $10!! It's an Action/Comedy and it's fabulous. I loved the smoke coming out of the chief's ears!! And Arnold's &quot;daughter&quot; is SO beautiful. Good choice, dude. I LOVED the magic ticket. I really enjoyed every bit of this movie. I've watched it several times already, and will watch it probably every year.
0783225881|2.0|Allright I've read almost every review about this movie, and I must say I'm certainly surprised about how many good reviews it got. I practically fell asleep during this movie, thats how dumb and boring it was! This is one of those movies you watch that starts out slow, but like a fool you just keep watching hoping it will get better. Well I must say it did not get better it only got worse. The reason I even gave it two stars is because it had Kevin Costner in it. If your looking for a good movie you can look elsewhere. It was certainly a waste of my time. Of course thats my opinion. Like I said there were alot of people that gave this movie 5 stars.
0736621652|5.0|There is a certain purity of language, a freshness of style present in The Sun Also Rises that is noticeably lacking in Hemingway's later works. As pointed out very capably by Mr. Mitchell in his earlier review, the plot of the novel itself is not likely to draw many readers, as the drunken revelry of the characters does tend to get a little old. Plus, I have my doubts that anyone can consistently consume as much booze as Jake Barnes, Lady Brett, and especially the &quot;hangers on&quot; did in this novel. Jake's fishing buddy Bill and Brett's fiance were in a state of inebriation virtually throughout the novel.Here the audio format works well, because listening to a good actor speak the words of a drunken character might be easier to endure than trying to read drunken dialogue. <br />For me, the novel works in a number of ways. Hemingway clearly loved the subject matter, and I thought the beginning of the book, as did his later masterpiece A Moveable Feast, provided a fascinating glimpse of post-WWI Paris. Then, when Hemingway and his friend catch the train for Pamplona to go fly fishing and catch the bullfights, the book really takes off. Hem loved to fish and he loved bullfighting, and his enthusiasm for these sports clearly shines through. Every year someone gets gored in Pamplona during the running of the bulls, and until reading this book I could never discern why anyone would put themselves in that position. Jake Barnes is clearly a true fan and &quot;aficianado&quot; of bullfighting, and his narration points out the many subtle ways to distinguish between a true master, and an overrated matador trying to make it look dangerous while he remains out of harms way. <br />All the while, Hemingway portrays a doomed romance between Jake and Brett, all the more painful for him since he has to watch one man after another follow her around and get caught in her web. The pathetic Robert Cohn is the most striking example, since the married Cohn sent his wife to Englandto visit &quot;friends&quot;, so that he could follow Brett around Paris and Spain like a wounded puppy after she makes the mistake of sleeping with him. Cohn is clearly an unwanted companion, and the blowups between him and Brett's fiance were memorable. I also loved the scene at a Paris cafe where Cohn's wife bitterly denounces Cohn for sending her off. <br />In summary, this novel affords a real opportunity to see a good writer perfecting his craft. Hemingway hated phoniness in all things, bullfighting and writing among them, and for any serious student of twentieth century literature much time should be spent with this book. It is a pleasure to read (or listen to), and reveals more secrets each time you pick it up.
B000003BEM|5.0|I feel this is the best album by the Stones followed by Beggars Banquet. Brian Jones was still going strong with The Rolling Stones during the recording of this album. Shortly after this album, the record producers kicked Jones out of his own band and the rest is history. When Brian Jones died, the real Rolling Stones died with him. This is truly the Stones at their best.
B00003CXSP|5.0|i absolutely love this movie...the way that the movie was filmed and the soundtrack have been so perfect...not only do they do the bo0k justice, they also gave it a very elegant and surprisingly for a horror flick, a feeling of affection and devotion...kinda like a freaky, strange love story. but that's not the point of the film...it's a great sequel...not quite like the many disappointments we get used to with other movies. Julianne Moore displays wonderful acting skills...and Anthony is simply...great..need i say more? basically, it's a great movie, with a great cast and great direction!
B00005MM67|3.0|While K2 suffers from a certain predictability, it has some of the most spectacular mountain climbing scenes ever filmed. Michael Biehn and Matt Craven are two professionals from Seattle who join billionaire Raymond J. Barry and his team as they attempt to climb K2, the world's second largest peak. It's simply a story of how the team comes together to conquer the mountain. There is tragedy along the way and a test of personal friendship as the team makes its ascent to the top. It's somewhat remarkable that this Paramount/Miramax co-production of relatively recent vintage (1991) has been relegated to a release through a budget video company. The DVD presentation is extremely disappointing; the film has a soft look. I remember it looking much clearer and crisper in the theater at the time of its initial release. Most unfortunately, this DVD has been released in pan &amp; scan rather than in widescreen; viewers are really being cheated of some outstanding cinematography. Also, the extras are minimal . . . there's a brief synopsis of the film, credits of the principal film makers, and short biographies of the film's two main stars, Michael Biehn and Matt Craven. This is the type of film where a &quot;Making of&quot; featurette would have been a great and welcome addition. Let's hope that sometime in he future, that Paramount or Miramax will see fit to give K2 the DVD release that it truly deserves.
B000002MTR|5.0|I don't see why so many hardcore Pepper's fans are so venimently opposed to this album. Sure Dave Navarro may do things completely different than anything Hillel Slovak or John Frusciante would, but why don't we cherish creativity and orginiality here? Sure it's not as great as BSSM with less hits...but in the age of repetitive bubblegum pop with no meaning, a well written orginal CD such as this should be recieving nothing but praise from metal, funk, and basic rock fans alike. I personally think several tracks, such as My Friends, Aeroplane, Coffee Shop, and Shallow Be My Name are par with previous Pepper work (If not better) Try to be open minded here...it's no BSSM that's for sure, but that doesn't take away from the fact that every track is wonderful
B000002KHB|4.0|These are really good tunes, but it dosen't deserve 5 tars. True, it's got Smoke on the Water and Highway Star, but about 25% of the album is filler. I dont care much for Maybe Im A Leo or Never Before. Never Before has an old beatles riff. But there are the good 5 songs that make it worthwhile. Highway Star, Pictures Of Home (my fav), Smoke On The Water, Lazy, and Space Trucking. So, this is a reasonable 6th album by Deep Purple. ENJOY!
0062502182|1.0|This book was a requirement to read for one of my adavanced courses. Usually, I have a pretty open mind to books. Though, this book was a disappointment. The same message is repeated over and over in a quite 1 demensional character. The actions of this book are very predicatble and flat. The message or moral used in this book is a classic, yet it shrivels in this text. It seems the author intended to only promote one major theme in this book, which becomes tiring. I do not recommend this book to those who thirst for action, romance, morals, or excitement. I don't understand the praises the book receives. The only reason I didn't terminate my studying is because this book is required.
B00003CXP1|5.0|this movie is more than a series of great performances, most notably Ellen Burstyn's. It is about addidction in America, this film is a movie that should be required viewing for every high school student.
0553284347|5.0|It was wonderful finding a book that actually described my dad. ...to know that there are several people out there putting up with similar parents. My mom showed him the book. Naturally he didn't see himself. Everything is presented in an easy to understand format. I found the examples given to be very clear and effective. I had no doubts about the type of person being described. No vague samples here. There is help among these pages too. She gives suggestions on how to go beyond the abuse and how to break free.
B00003CY5H|3.0|The cast were made up of great actors. I mean, I love Robert De Niro, Edward Norton and Angela Bassett, but the movie was pretty slow throughout and built you up for a great-ending that kind of fizzled towards the end. I was looking for a more dramatic ending, including a setup by his Mafia-friend and a resolution with Angela and Robert. It was like that movie ran out of time and didn't finish. It wasn't what I expected.
B00003CX5P|5.0|It's about time that star wars has begun it's ever soooo sloooow move to DVD. I thought this was a great movie so i am thrilled to see its release, however if this will go like the vhs version im sure that the public is in for a lot of money milking with tons of special releases of special sets of this series... Ahhhh yes the cash cow flood gates have openith.....
B000059ZLH|4.0|I bought this DVD with some apprehension abt the audio quality. Here is my review after watching it tonight...it ROCKS!!!! Audio: a) Sound is not low level(as per some review)..i played at the same level knob as Metallica S&amp;M and it sound okay for a small room....i using a PC sound card + amp + 2 bookshelf speaker. b) Yes, the audio quality is below par. The solution is for those who have treble control on your amp or audio control to increasing the high's , for me i use my hi-shelfing treble to bring the highs and voila!!! it sound acceptable again..off course dont compare to S&amp;M... it will not be that annoying to hear all the sounds so muffled. John Myung bass is solid and you can hear distinctly what he plays! unlike Metallica's Jason...that a plus. I don't think Kevin Shirley (the mixing engineer) is too blame for the mix,,,,i heavily suspect that it is down to the DVD rendering/ authoring team or during the transfer of the masterdisc for production...any untrained ear will quicky reject such inferior sound...it's a shame on the that note I appreciate Mike Portnoy of splitting the images to show different members playing...i am always wants to see my fav bassist John Myung play his Infiniti bass!!! awesome!!!! This DVD is superb in other department, it brings out the passion and memories for those who attended the gig and for those who misses (like me...they never come to Singapore :( but i got to see John Myung at Hard Rock Cafe in Singapore Jan 2000 doing a bass clinic :) this is a must have DVD !!!!! Video : So-So....quality is acceptable but not crisp...however it beats VHS!!! The audio commentary is so fun!!! and to hear inputs from the members itself!!! JM was very mysterious though... So i urge anyone who wants to buy this DVD but feel apprehended abt some of the review, don't...it is worth the buy....I hope DT will come out another GREAT DVD soon!!!!!
0345404475|3.0|While Phillip K. Dick should be credited for the idea that spawned the powerful and captivating BLADE RUNNER film, that is about all the credit he should be given. The book is initially intriguing, but ultimately fails to ask the important questions the film so perfectly presents. It may have been Dick's idea, but it will always be Ridley Scott's vision
0679409998|4.0|I wonder whether Shelley intended the pallid ineffectual women of Frankenstein to be irony? Showing how men expect women to be mirrors of their narcaccistic selves. Point made, but I personally am not amused. However, this book is wonderful in providing an in-depth analysis of Shelley's own emotions. She had an illigetimate marriage and illigetimate children while living in an unforgiving society. When going out in public she felt ostrasized, like a monster perhaps. Aha! The idea for Frankenstein was born out of her own isolation. Victor repulses me with his weak excuses and selfishness when it came down to saving Justine. Throughout the entire novel there is an obsession with the class system and beauty. The characters that aren't wealthy and of a privileged birth are less worthy as human beings. Elizabeth was adopted because of her beauty alone; the other peasant children were ignored. I suppose this book reflected the concerns of the nineteenth century almost perfectly
0679736646|4.0|It pains me sometimes to read the works of Phillip K. Dick. His ideas are always innovative and mind-bending, but his prose is somewhat lacking. This book is a fun read, and a great idea, it just isn't very well-crafted. I recommend for first time Phillip K. Dick readers the novel A SCANNER DARKLY, one of the few novels where Dick has both a great idea and a distinct literary voice.
0886460514|5.0|This fiction work by Fedrick Forsythe is his best and makes you keep on reading till the end. You just can't stop reading till the end. His decription and his narrative style are simply the best. He has a 3 or 4 page description of just a gun ! The plot in the novel is one of the best and ranks with other classics like Godfather.
1565113306|4.0|It's rare that I ever read a book after seeing the film it was based on, but I couldn't resist after I saw Palanhiuk's FIGHT CLUB on the big screen. Surprisingly, the book held its own against the blindingly intelligent, witty, and high-paced film. Palanhiuk has since taken a top spot on my favorite author's list, and I would recommend this book to anyone.
B000053VAF|5.0|A lyrical and exciting story of faith, beautifully acted. Especially notable here is Linda Fiorentino as a Catholic who may have lost her way, Alan Rickman as a very annoyed Metatron, and Ben Affleck as a fallen angel who has had enough of being trapped in Wisconsin. The real breakout, though, is Jason Mewes, whose final monologue about \\"what the ... is going on?\\" is a masterpiece of lyrical frustration. Great DVD, with many extras (Ben Affleck on the normal commentary track is a real treat, as he and Kevin Smith banter back and forth). Look out especially for the church lady, who pops up during the menus and berates you for buying such a godless piece of .... Very cute. All in all, a thoughtful look at religion and reality - oh, and it's pretty damn funny to boot.
B00000DATR|5.0|It's to the point now that I'm ordering titles from Mike Oldfield's catalog via Amazon.com without evening reading the reviews. This is the 6th CD from Mike Oldfield that I now own, and I have yet to run across a disapointment (sp?). I don't care if he only releases Tubular Bell albums for the rest of his career, I'll be ordering them as they are released. Tubular Bells 3 is, to date, the best of his catalog so far. Once the music starts, you know that you're about to be taken on a magical journey. Listening to this CD with headphones is a MUST!! Serpents Dream, and The Inner Child....well, these two tracks are the defining tracks on the CD, with the exception of the closing track. The female choral on The Inner Child gave me that feeling of desperation, and of being helpless. To have that kind of control over a listener, to me, is what makes powerful music. The only other piece of music that has made me feel like this is &quot;Songs From A Secret Garden&quot; by Secret Garden. (But they are to be reviewed at a latter time :) This CD is quite different than TB 1 &amp; 2, yet Mike is thoughtful enough to include the original TB 1 music layered throughout a few of his tracks on this album. This is definitely a worthy investment!
6305627401|5.0|No target goes untouched in this comedy. I'm not going to go into too much depth, because I don't want to give anything away, but if you love satire and comedy, this movie will have you laughing even as you gasp in disbelief. Just try not to sing along with &quot;What Would Brian Boitano Do?&quot; C'mon. I dare you.
B000002C1W|3.0|This is NOT a Pink Floyd record. This record should have never been put out under the Pink Floyd name. Dave Gilmour wrote or co-wrote every song on this record. His vocals, as always sound great, so that's a big plus. He collaberated with musicians outside of Pink Floyd for music and lyrics. Roger Waters had left at this point, so of coarse the lyrics aren't going to be up to Pink Floyd standards...read on...Nick Mason played some tom toms on one of the tracks and Rick wright played some minimal keyboard parts on some of the tracks, or maybe just one, but who knows. Dave Gilmour has openly admitted this in interviews. Dave played a lot of the keyboard parts himself, trying to immitate what Rick Wright would play. Other drummers were brought in as well. Hell, at this point, Rick wright wasn't even a full part of the band again, as having left/ been kicked out after touring for the Wall. This should have been left as Dave Gilmor's third solo record, and not a Pink Floyd record. It has all the symptoms of being a Dave Gilmour record anyway, as I just explained. I figure it was the best that could have been done at this point in the 80's. Some of the songs aren't bad for what they are but some are terrible..ok..The good..'Learning to fly', 'Sorrow', 'One Slip', 'Sorrow' and 'learning to fly 'sound better on &quot;Pulse&quot; , ...the Bad, Dogs of war, this song was ok, until a horrible sax came in and made me vomit, On the turning away, this song is very 'we are the world-ish', very cheesy and very 80's sounding, well this whole record smells of 80's, 'Signs of Life' is an interesting way of starting off this record but goes nowhere and not that fast, 'Terminal Frost' is decent but boring, and now the ugly...'Yet another movie', 'Round and around', and 'A new machine parts 1 and 2. 'yet another movie and a new machine parts 1 and 2 are absolute garbage. As far as post Roger Waters Pink Floyd goes, I prefer Division Bell much much more. The music is better, the lyrics are better(but not great) and it was more of a band effort, minus Roger of coarse. Check this out over Momentary Lapse if you can.
B00000IAU3|5.0|When I first got the CD, I'd heard both &quot;Here with Me&quot; and &quot;Thank You&quot; and loved them. Eventually, I got the CD, and...I couldn't stop playing it for a long time. Where has Dido been all this time? This is talent at its best. From the longingness of &quot;Here with Me&quot; to the insecurity of &quot;Honestly OK&quot; (my favourite track) to the angst of &quot;Don't Think of Me,&quot; the CD is sheer brilliance. If you haven't bought this CD yet, go do it! I'm definitely looking forward to hearing more of her work in the future.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|When I saw the film, I told myself I've got to get the sountrack. It was mainly the ovatures that really caught my attention in the film but &quot;Meltdown&quot; and &quot;Southern Hospitality&quot; are also powerful pieces. The somber sounding string music in the ovatures reminds me of Samuel Barber's &quot;Adagio for Strings&quot; (although not quite as rich and powerful). The ovatures and &quot;Lux Aeterna&quot; gives you the feeling that you are on a roller coster slowly climbing to the top of the steepest hill and then WHAM, you're falling and there is no time to rest until the end of the ride. &quot;Southern Hospitality&quot; and &quot;Meltdown&quot; puts you in a torture chamber. You get a sense that whatever is going on, you are in deep crap and nothing is likely to change anything at that point. This soundtrack captures the essence of its film perfectly, and is definitely worth buying.
B00001SIES|5.0|Probably the best, most personally important album I've ever bought; (forgive me for my angsty yet enthusiastic inner 14 year old but I still think of those formative years fondly. I may be alone in this). Matthew Bellamy (singer, songwriter, lead guitarist) with his over developed mind and abnormally long fingers hatched himself an album that was at times raw and brooding, above all clever and defiant. Showbiz showcases perfectly a young band in prototype, who have since embarked on a long and creatively ambitious career. When this music hits home you'll never throw it away. A highly acclaimed first album by them, laying all foundations, and covering all bases in a radiohead-dominated era. A must for all Muse Fans.
B00001W9G0|5.0|The movie, &quot;The Way We Were&quot; is undoubtably one of the best films I have ever seen. It embraces the social and comical issues of its time, giving it an underwritten story behind the major plot - the story of two people. Caught in the times, their own opinions, and a bond so strong that they wanted to stop at nothing to hold onto it, &quot;The Way We Were&quot; encapsulates the true meaning of what it's like to be in love, when it's truly &quot;lovely&quot; and what it's like when you find that you have you let go of that love, or it has already let go of you. Then revisiting that love years later, knowing that it's still there, but knowing that the best way to survive it is going your separate ways. This is the first time I have seen this movie - I am in my 20s - and I felt I could relate to this movie in more ways than one. A must see for anyone that had to let go of someone they love or someone had to let go of them.
B00005AAFT|5.0|After 2 years of waiting since the release of Sensucht, this long anticipated masterpiece is finally here. For this Album Rammstein employs a new Industrial/Techie sound, not unsimilar to that of Herzeleid, which makes each song even better than the last. And with great hits like Links 234, Sonne, Mutter, Ich Will, and Zwitter this is a must buy. Plus the CD includes the righteous music video for Sonne.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|one word will do DAZZLING! The colors, the settings, the spectacle, the drama, the acting, the wonderful musical score, the impecable vision of Luhrmann all mix to make this one of the finest films of the new century. A must see over and over. Eagerly awaiting a dvd release with lots of extras.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is definatley Metallica's heaviest album. The production isn't too good, but it creates a somewhat &quot;garagey&quot; sound which somehow works well. Blackened: This is a killer metal song and the lyrics are amazing. It sounds like it's related to &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; (Ride The Lightning, 1984), but I think it's better. One of the hardest Metallica riffs to play in my opinion. And Justice For All: EPIC!! This is truly a classic although very long (almost 10 minutes), but not the longest they've ever done. Every mood change in this song is amazing. You have to hear it to believe it. Eye Of The Beholder: The best lyrics on the album and some of the best in Metallica's history. Brutal guitars and great drums. This is a classic. One: Similar in structure to &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)&quot; (Master Of Puppets, 1986) and &quot;Fade To Black (Ride The Lightning, 1984). This is one of the best known Metallica songs. This is an amazing tale of a soldier who steps on a landmine rendering him senseless. The story can be linked to classics such as &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; (Ride The Lightning) and &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; (Master Of Puppets). The Shortest Straw: Not one of the best here, but the drums are very good, as are the lyrics and guitars. Harvester Of Sorrow: One of Metallica's classic live songs. This is a very wicked tune with very cool lyrics and riffs. James' vocals are also amazing. One of the best songs on the album. The Frayed Ends Of Sanity: Great title and even better lyrics. Features an into vocal part by Lars Ulrich doing the OH E OH YO OH song from the Wizard Of Oz. This is a very good song. To Live Is To Die: The last instrumental to this day that Metallica has done, which is a shame. This is a musical journey that touches the deepest parts of your soul. This is a masterpiece. Dedicated in memory to Cliff Burton (Killed in bus accident Sept. 27, 1986) Dyers Eve: Fastest drums Metallica has ever recorded! This song is brutal and the subject matter seems to tackle Hetfield's childhood. A true a$$ kicker.
B00003CXSP|3.0|Three directors have now taken their at-bats with Thomas Harris's Hannibal Lecter story-cluster, and only one really hit it out of the park. Michael Mann made Manhunter, a very Michael Mann film in his Miami-Vice period-aesthetic--in other words, instantly dated and slightly ridiculous. Then Jonathan Demme, with the great help of a really sound screenplay by Ted Talley and a very inspired production team and cast, turned The Silence of the Lambs into an enduring film classic. Now Ridley Scott has taken his swings--why did he whiff? The answer, to me at least, is simple--he didn't understand what Demme and company did. The opening sequences of Hannibal reveal the directorial mistakes. First the titles appear to appropriate a number of David Fincher's postmodern stylistic moves without understanding how they were appropriate to material like Se7en and Fight Club, but not to the operatic Hannibal that Harris wrote. We can probably forgive him that, since Fincher's \\"collage\\" approach and various forms of ramped-up cinematography always looks swell. Then we get a big shoot-out with cars crashing and the whole Hollywood \\"action\\" apparatus, and the mistake is apparent. Demme opened Silence with a titles sequence over Clarice Starling running through the woods--cueing audience expectation to terror, that she was being pursued, only to revise our expectations in revealing that Starling was running an obstacle course--training--and that the real scene was in Jack Crawford's office. There, the stylistic motif of the film, closeups and shot/reverse-shot editing, established the basic dynamic of the story--internal processing, mental activity, dialogue. This would be reflected in the numerous scenes with Lecter and Starling. The parallel motif of messing with our expectations for action that turns out to be training is also repeated several times. The film works to create in us a sense of our own mistakes, leaves us often in the predicament Starling is constantly dealing with--how to know how to proceed, what to do, in a highly complicated and ambiguous mental environment. Ridley Scott doesn't seem to get any of that. Admittedly, Harris's novel doesn't give him the same great material that Demme got form the earlier book; the thing I noticed most was that Starling and Lecter are separate for most of the film, and aren't even the dominant characters. Hannibal is dispersed in character, with Mason Verger, the Italian detective, Paul Krendler, and others getting screen time that doesn't seem organized (recall how structurally tight Silence was, with all its doublings--two serial killers, two doctors, two mentor-figures competing over Starling--and for all that, clearly the story of Hannibal and Clarice). More than anything, we can see the problems of this film by looking at the work of Anthony Hopkins. An actor of great instincts, Hopkins seems to realize that the material here is ridiculous (he's become a slasher, instead of a mind-mangler), and so he rushes briskly through his scenes (what else can you do when you are sauteeing a man's brains before his very eyes?). There's no savoring of speeches as in Silence. Hopkins seems to know better than to linger over the pedestrian screenplay. Julianne Moore, for her part, is wasted in this role--an intelligent, insightful actress, she could easily have carried the same kind of load that Jodi Foster did in Silence, wholes scenes depending on nothing more than a subtle facial expression, but Moore doesn't get the chance. Not to worry, though, since we can be sure P. T. Anderson will write her another superior part in his next film. This isn't a terrible film, but it doesn't even come close to living up to its potential, let alone the expectations of the \\"sequel\\" to The Silence of the Lambs, and the blame seems to lie with director Scott and the screenwriters--what exactly did David Mamet contribute, by the way? After watching this, I recommend you go back and look at Silence again, and understand how a great film results from nuanced directorial decisions, outstanding scripting and cinematography, and inspired acting...
B00000FCBC|5.0|This album is essential for any Metallica fan. Most of the covers on the second disc were previously impossible to find (believe me, I know this). The first disc is very fresh also. My favorites are the amazing covers of &quot;Astronomy&quot; and &quot;Turn The Page&quot;. Hetfields vocals soar on this release and it's truly the best he's ever sounded. Buy this.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is the greatest albun in the history of rock n'roll. We can see a great George with &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here comes the sun&quot;, and John and Paul mixing the side B with progresive rock. Is wonderfull.
B00003XACV|5.0|Somehow this CD cannot be found at all in my country... I really tried ALL the major chains... HMV, Tower... So I paid US$26 for it, and am pleased when it arrived! Mesmerising, enchanting when listened to in a quiet enviromnent. A tad soft, juz like thomas newman's other score, Meet Joe Black. A masterpiece!
B00005B36H|5.0|This is a truely amazing album there use of minlism as a weapon of composing is just great and has you locked in the lilt that they get from the way they play. They are amazing and the only way you will ever find out if you like it is if you buy and listen to it. I never thought it was any good because all my friends wouldn't shut up about how good it was. Then I bought it and after a few listens I was soon joining in the conversations!!
B00005ASIL|5.0|It is great as any other J.Tull works. The compilation is fantastic. The digitally remastered sound is perfect and gives us a great idea &quot;who is who &quot; in Rock music.
0767817486|1.0|This is a terrible propaganda of the Armenian lobby in the USA against Turkey. The whole purpose of the movie is to create a bad reputation of Turkey and Turks. Apart from this, the movie is nothing. Not a single bit of thing, even a Turkish name for a chief character, has anything to do with reality. Yet, they shamelessly call it a &quot;true story&quot;. Apart from the propaganda part, the story is a simple one, without any originality. So the Oscar goes to the Armenian lobby... For those who wonder: 1- The movie is shown several times on Turkish TV channels. 2- Alan Parker and Oliver Stone are not hated in Turkey. 3- After 20 years, American tourists still do not prefer Turkish coasts.
0671027344|5.0|Finally, someone came along with the guts to realistically depict how trully troublesome and disturbing a teenager's life can be in our current society. Chbosky has successfully created a world in which everything is not sugar-coated and there are no \\"simple solutions\\" to problems. As Charlie, the main character, struggles to confront his sexuality, sexual abuse and other equally serious issues, he does so with a sensitivity and maturity uncharacteristic of most boys his age. This novel is an honest reflection of real life and refreshing to read. Any arguments that this book is too \\"over the top,\\" \\"graphic\\" or \\"lewd\\" are simply unfounded. However, I would only recommend this book to those readers who are more mature and will be able to handle the sometimes upsetting - yet very true - events in this story.
B00003CXSP|4.0|One has to wonder how well an ambitious sequel project such as Hannibal would have stood on its own had not a cinematic master such as Ridley Scott been involved.<br />What gave Silence of the Lambs its impact was not so much the horrific elements of serial killer psychology as the curious relationship between genius madman Hannibal Lecter and FBI agent Clarice Starling, bringing to light her role as the crusader, the protector of order, motivated by personal redemption. In this outing, the attention shifts more to Lecter, as well as the others who are out to get him, and looks more deeply behind some of the more warped motivations people have for justice. To the \\"evil\\" Hannibal, it is simply a matter of dealing with people who have no class, whose basic rudeness is way out of line, the rationale being they are put to better use as hors deuvres. To the unfortunate others (Gianini, Liotta, and Oldman in one of his most deliciously repulsive roles) who have the poor judgement to go after our Cannibalistic Crusader, it seems to be more about financial betterment, inflation of image, and good old petty vengeance. None of which can be considered as overly admirable human qualities. Needless to say, none of these fools have any idea what or who they are dealing with, and (without giving too much away, as if you couldn't figure it out anyway) are ultimately dealt with accordingly. With fine wine.<br />Way beyond the level of evil madman, Hannibal is more like the boogeyman who will get you if you're not good .... or even if you don't behave respectably. This is what ultimately saves Clarice: despite her determination to bring him to justice, Hannibal always seems to recognize in her a basic respect, pure and selfless, and (also without spoiling the story) in his own way acts as the protective surrogate dad, an element touched on in \\"Silence\\" and developed on here.  This of course does not prevent him from messing with her head just a bit, to demonstrate what he is truly capable of as a psychotic of genius proportions, in a grisly final scene that has been criticized for its low denominator shock value.  I myself found it to be quite cerebral.<br />Director Scott displays his trademark expertise in creating an elegantly dark mood throughout, a sense of dread that keeps one watching and enjoying the ride. Julianne Moore portrays agent Starling with every bit as much conviction as predecessor Jodie Foster (they could almost be sisters), bringing into the role as much as this story would allow. Hannibal's other less-fortunate pursuers are, in their own ways, more vile than he, and it is a bit of warped fun watching them get set up for their fates in elaborate scenarios that (sorry, I can't help it) won't leave you hanging, won't boar you, and may open one's mind. And the generous serving of extras on this double DVD make it a great addition to anyone's library ..... like getting the main course, seconds, and dessert all on one plate!<br />Hannibal may not have made the Cultural Phenomenal splash that \\"Silence\\" did, but it has all the markings of an enduring cult classic, and further elevates Hopkins' Dr. Lecter to a dark icon for our generation. Just be sure to give yourself a couple of hours before or after mealtime before attempting to digest this (at times) unsavory course. It's always good to try new things .......capable of as a psychotic of genius proportions, in a grisly final scene that has been criticized for its low denominator shock value.  I myself found it to be quite cerebral.<br />Director Scott displays his trademark expertise in creating an elegantly dark mood throughout, a sense of dread that keeps one watching and enjoying the ride. Julianne Moore portrays agent Starling with every bit as much conviction as predecessor Jodie Foster (they could almost be sisters), bringing into the role as much as this story would allow. Hannibal's other less-fortunate pursuers are, in their own ways, more vile than he, and it is a bit of warped fun watching them get set up for their fates in elaborate scenarios that (sorry, I can't help it) won't leave you hanging, won't boar you, and may open one's mind. And the generous serving of extras on this double DVD make it a great addition to anyone's library ..... like getting the main course, seconds, and dessert all on one plate! <br />Hannibal may not have made the Cultural Phenomenal splash that \\"Silence\\" did, but it has all the markings of an enduring cult classic, and further elevates Hopkins' Dr. Lecter to a dark icon for our generation. Just be sure to give yourself a couple of hours before or after mealtime before attempting to digest this (at times) unsavory course. It's always good to try new things .......
B00003CWL6|3.0|I really loved this movie the first time I saw it in theaters. However, when I watch it now the Kevin Spacey character just seems a bit...creepy to me. It is hard for me to romanticize this middle-aged man's shallow sexual desire for a sixteen-year-old girl. Even his decision at the end doesn't really redeem him in my eyes. Also, the Wes Bentley character may be the warmest, fuzziest, most conscientious drug-dealer in history. As for the DVD, it is OK. The extras basically amount to the PR company gushing over how great the film is without too much real insight into the making of it.
0375703861|1.0|This could be, by far, one of the worst books I have ever read! I actually had to log on to Amazon and read the editorial review in an attempt to explain (or understand for that matter) what the book was about. An extremly slow, wordy, overly elaborate first novel, with no particular reason for being. I will say that the author has a wonderful ear for dialogue and all of her voices are quite believable, but that's all I can say. Spare yourselves and take those many hours it will take you to plod through this mess and take a nice long drive in the country!
B00005J6UP|5.0|I have loved this movie for years but I always wondered what happened to the octopus scene that they refer to at the end of the movie. On this DVD, they have included several deleted scenes and one of them is the octopus scene. I know now why they choose to delete it from the original movie. :) The rest of the deleted scenes are great and I can only imagine they were deleted due to time constraints. This is a great movie and I highly recommend it!
0671024256|4.0|I had given up on Stephen King after Tommyknockers, but must admit that I enjoyed reading &quot;On Writing.&quot; The book is actually two short books in one, the first part being an autobiography, and the second being a brief look at the writing life and King's highly credible take on it. The final chapter of the book gives an interesting inside scoop on what it's like to be ran over by a van, told in King's unique style. My daughter likes quick answers, so rather than read the book she asked: &quot;What does King suggest an aspiring writer do?&quot; My answer in four words: &quot;Read and write non-stop.&quot;
B000000OAA|5.0|What an incredible album! I hadn't listened to Sheer Heart Attack for years (uh, make that at least a decade). When I put it on the turntable recently, it yanked me back to my college years (when eardrums were made for bursting). The nearby classic rock station overplays &quot;Killer Queen,&quot; but has generously neglected the rest of this album. Therefore, I had forgotten many of the tracks. Most were delightful surprises. It was like listening to the songs for the first time. Sheer Heart Attack ranks among my favorite rock albums--especially when played start to finish so that the overlapping tracks can be appreciated. Sharing it with my 16-year-old son today (he enjoys it, too), I know that it retains much of its power and originality.
0380973650|1.0|I have never read Niel Gaiman before picking up this book. I do not plan to read him again. The entire plot is pointless, and absurd. The old gods are envious of the new gods. Who cares! If you like to waste time reading bad books then by all means pick it up, otherwise don't.
B00002Z88D|1.0|Metallica has merits. They achieved an outstanding position in rock, one achieved by mega stars like Stones, Madonna and Michael Jackson. THat position is being capable of releasing garbage after garbage and still sell millions, thanks to their fans loyalty (or blindness, call it what you want.) Congratulations, Hetfield and Ulrich. Thanks God Newsted left this false metal band forever.
6303109950|2.0|I had heard from many that saw this movie that it was a really great historical view of the Earps in Tombstone. After viewing it myself I can only say one thing.Disappointing.From the begining this movie is Hollywood at its best.Maybe I am to much of a of a history buff and having recently visited Tombstone on vacation I can only laugh while watching.I know that Hollywood takes liberites with historical facts,but the cowboys wearing red sashes takes it a bit to far.While there are sections of the movie that are very good there are also sections that are very bad. Kurt Russell and Sam Elliot do a cedible job portraying the Earp brothers.Val Kilmer portrays a very glib Doc Holiday and while I didn't think that his portrayal of Doc was as good as Dennis Hoppers portrayal in &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; Kilmer probally turns in the best most consistant performance in the whole movie. In the begining of this movie, the plot flows well and what starts out as a pretty good movie gets stopped dead it its tracks by the entrance of Dana Delany's character Josie Marcus. Why the writers injected a syrupy extra marital love interest into this script for Wyatt is beyond me.Delanys portrayal of her character is so mushy as to be out of place with the main storyline.I seriously doubt that the real Josie Marcus was anywhere near the way that she was portrayed in this movie.Overall Delanys portrayal lacks credibility,and the scenes with Delany only stalls the plot flow of the main story line of the Earp Clanton gang feud.Then there is the big scene in the movie,the OK Coral. The shootout at the OK Coral is pure Hollywood and laughable lasting far to long as well as being totally historically inaccurate.The overall acting in the second half of the movie is not that good. Even Russell loses some of his character edge in the second half as the plot becomes somewhat sloppy and disjointed.By the time you reach the end of this movie there is only one thing to say. Whew Finally. Overall this movie was a disappointment and not what I expected.From my point of view if you want a much better Tombstone movie with better acting and a script that is much closer to being based on fact and not fiction skip &quot;Tombstone&quot; and watch the Cosner flick &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.e was a disappointment and not what I expected.From my point of view if you want a much better Tombstone movie with better acting and a script that is much closer to being based on fact and not fiction skip &quot;Tombstone&quot; and watch the Cosner flick &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.
B0000070QS|5.0|It seems to me a lot of thought and feeling went into this work. The only way to do it justice is to take time out of your day, sit in your most comfortable chair, and just listen. The thought provoking and extremely expressive poetry is matched with beautiful melodies - it would be difficult to choose a favourite. There's a lot more to Morten Harket than a-ha and I think this proves it.
B00004RF98|5.0|&quot;Singin' in the Rain&quot; is perhaps the greatest musical ever made by Hollywood. Gene Kelly is fantastic in the title song, and Donald O'Connor is simply amazing singing and dancing to &quot;Make 'Em Laugh.&quot; About the only bad thing I can say about it is that the film needs some restoration work. I only hope this is done, and that a special edition DVD is released with a much better print.
B00000ILDE|5.0|If you like to sit on the edge of your seat during a movie this is one to watch. I caught myself holding my breathe on several occasions. The musical scores intensifies the emotions in such manner that your heart will literally pound. Not for those who don't like gore.
B000026156|5.0|This is not an ordinary record in any respect. Free jazz and the 1960s avant-garde had ironically generated its own conventions. Conference of the Birds ignores them and sets up its own outstanding performance standards for both individual voices and ensemble. The compositions are all Holland's, inspired by the dawn chorus outside his flat in London in the early summer mornings. The first theme, &quot;Four Winds&quot; is a delightful opener, marked by Holland's characteristic firm, precise fingering. The bass immediately sets the atmosphere of the record: a light, free dance of notes. Holland's bouncing fingering sharply contrasts with Barry Altschul's fizzing cymbals. Sam Rivers and Anthony Braxton converse almost indistinguishably, politely exchanging commentary. On &quot;Q &amp; A&quot; Altschul converses with himself, quietly alerting his companions, who gradually make their appearance with little interjections. These fragments progressively accumulate to form a kind of dance of free individuals, like birds pecking at grain, each jumping according to its own whim, chasing its morsel. Then, the title-tune, &quot;Conference of the Birds&quot;. It's one of the great compositions of jazz, perhaps the most distinctive and memorable 1970s original (in retrospect, an accolade it should probably share with Weather Report's &quot;Birdland&quot;, released four years later). It is a delicate, contemplative song to beauty and quietude, both melancholy and uplifting, evocative of both aching loneliness and the intimacy of companionship. Holland's double bass figure must be one of his most celebrated. Altschul's marimba is divine in its simplicity, accompanied by the plain, unadorned flutes of Braxton and Rivers. &quot;Conference of the Birds&quot; is almost like the calm before the storm  the track that follows it, &quot;Interception&quot;, is a wild, intense vehicle for each soloist to give free rein to his passions. This is followed by &quot;Now Here (Nowhere)&quot;, the most spacious of all six pieces. It offers a cautious reconciliation to dissenting voices after &quot;Interception&quot;, underscored with the ubiquitous bass. Holland cultivates a tone here honed into a ovoid, sculpted sound with a hint of vibrato. Finally, on &quot;See-Saw&quot;, we have Altschul again creating a effervescent ambience to a blistering Rivers solo. This is the final climax to an awesome, astonishing album, one of the great classics of the post- free era.
630512762X|5.0|I enjoyed the premise of this movie though you must check your disbelief at the door. I enjoyed watching the Cage and Travolta take on different personas, particularly Cage. You could feel his internal struggle. Not for the squeamish.
0064471837|2.0|I read all of the wonderful reviews, and I was absolutely ecstatic to get this book... and then I read it. It has interesting imaginative features, I agree, but whilst the characters were going through all these perils, I didn't give a whit. I didn't care about any of the characters, and I attribute this to lack of character development - Sabriel has no personality, it seems. Sure, she is flawed like the rest of the characters, but she just doesn't have enough emotional depth to be likable.  That's where this book has failed, and it bored me absolutely to tears, fantasy lover as I am.
B00004WG4G|4.0|Albeit I personally have decided that Hollywood produces nothing good, American Beauty is one of its few movies that manages to break free from most signature Hollywood cinemas. In it, a man is faced with the dim facticity of his ordinary life, and decides that this ordinarity is something that he cannot live within. In the far background of the movie, only somewhat recognized and presented by the writer, this man is coming face to face with his finitude, a rarely thought of topic in the average Western man. He is walking about in a nihilistic stupor until a teenage avant-garde opens him up to a lifestyle that he never thought possible. Thus his redemption has form. The teenager, a child of a mental and abusive family, strikes me as an existential Buddhist, at peace with the emptiness of existence, but making radical decisions taken only by the strongest of men (as Nietzsche saw it). Unfortunately, the drugs and sexual relations throughout the plot of the movie diminish the real core; a journey into negative philosophy, where death and nothingness confront the transitory conscious being. The existence of these two ethical breaches are no doubt enough to get the most naive viewers off track right away. But even for those able to see it as a tool, they turn out to be like a hammer punding a screw into a hole, when a hammer is more appropriate for nails. The writer is unable to maintain the postmodern feel that the core of his plot could have produced. This is also seen in the frequent references that \\"nothing is more terrible than being ordinary.\\" The main characters are continually searching for salvation in something they believe will be extraordinary, but the writer fails to realize that redemption is impossible. The teenage avant-garde's image of the world being beautiful, a glimpse of God, was left unsupported. One could view existence in the complete opposite manner and there was nothing in the movie that would have been able to have exemplified beauty over it.But this is certainly a failure of modernity, the naivity of romanticism and of existential philosophies. But the end of the movie presents a little postmodern negative eschatology for the viewer, borrowing on Levinas' conception of the *il y a*. Unfortunately, the ending was a bit dissapointing as well, as the man is shot in the back of the head, and dies content without ever truly facing his own finitude. Certainly there are better movies (especially foreign films), but American Beauty stands out at least a little from the ordinary ethical code that Hollywood is so fond of including in nearly all its films. The writer tried to tackle a concept, and manages to pin down a few good thoughts for the few of us able to catch them.
B0000029GA|5.0|I didn't buy this album til early '98, before the release of I Am, Nas' 3rd album. I had heard alot about Illmatic but never really thought about getting it, I was obsessed with music and there were so many new albums I wanted I didn't have $10 to waste on something that was four years old. Eventually I was roamin the mall and I saw the legendary and mysterious album with a young child's face faded into the background of housing projects. I thought to myself, could anything really be THIS good. I mean I had heard nothing remotely bad about it. But people say the same thing about Jay-Z and other crap rap like that so I figured they were all exagerating and hyping it up too much. I picked it up and read the back cover and figured 'what the hell, I need to find out for myself if something could be this great'. I listened to it on the car ride home and for the rest of the day at home. It wasn't poppy type dance club music, so it wasn't immediately satisfying. I thought it was okay, but nothing that great. I didn't catch most of the lyrics but I loved the beats and I listened to NY State of Mind (the 1st song, 2nd track, on the album) over and over again til I had the first verse memorized. I thought about what he was saying and did a little analyzing of the lyrics and I slowly started to realize what everyone was talking about. I listened to this album for months on end and almost completely ignored I Am when it was released. If it wasn't for Nas is Like and a few other cuts that saved that album, it would have never gotten any play in my stereo. I became obessed with Illmatic and had all 9 songs memorized after a month. I was and still am completely blown away by this album. It IS head and shoulders above 99% of all hip hop albums and is the best ever. No fillers, not a single second on this album that is wasted, wack or non-genius. The production is top of the line, not a single remotely wack beat. And then there are the selling point and what really sets this album above anything else, the lyrics. So deep, so complex, so ingenius. I really can't get over so many verses on this song that are a work of art, I can't tell you how many times I've shuddered in amazment after I finally understood a complete verse or song. Or how many times I've jumped up off my bed to rewind a few seconds to make sure that he actually said that amazing rhyme because my ears couldn't believe it. Anyone that says this album is overrated has simply not listened to it thoroughly. Again its not immediately satisfying party music that has corny hooks and weak rhymes. It's art in the form of hip hop. I'll admit that the first 10 times or so I heard it in its entirety I thought it was average and solid, but no classic. After you listen to it enough it all comes together like a puzzle and a beautiful piece of art. I still listen to this at least a few times a week. I try to listen to other albums and artists but all pare in comparison to what Illmatic has to offer. This is by far Nasir Jone's best work. It blows I Am or anything else outta the water. Nas Escobar is an above average MC that has had 3 solid albums, but Nasty Nas is the best rapper ever to live and he owns the single greatest album ever created. You must own this, you simply must.
B00005JSGK|5.0|This movie has it all, but without a single foul word, bare chest, or uncomfortable inuendo! It is FUNNY, ROMANTIC, EXCITING! Did you know that John Wayne did all of his own 'stunts'? They REALLY caught these animals! Truly, this movie is fantastic! You won't be disappointed! The cast is exceptional.
B0000033P0|3.0|I bought an LP of this at a Salvation Army, just as I was beginning to familiarize myself with ELP. This was 1991, I was 18 at the time, I had just got Brain Salad Surgery and I was nothing short of amazed. But then when I got to hear Tarkus, I thought the side length Tarkus suite was great, but I was a bit disappointed with side two. I actually like &quot;Jeremy Bender&quot; because of the silly lyrics, but there was a lot of material on here I found rather uneven. Particulary &quot;The Only Way/Infinate Space&quot;, I don't think the ideas they put out for this cut was all that successful. I think it was the way they used the pipe organ at the beginning, it's nowhere as impressive as &quot;The Three Fates&quot; off their debut. Plus &quot;Are You Ready Eddy&quot; is a pretty lame attempt at trying to play 1950s-style Rock and Roll, particularly in the style of Jerry Lee Lewis. But many years laters, I actually to grew to like the whole album better, but the flaws are still painfully obvious. Tarkus is a very hyped album from ELP fans, but it was mainly because of side one, since side two doesn't quite live up to side one. If you're new to ELP, you are much better off starting with Brain Salad Surgery, then Trilogy, then their self-entited debut, in that order.
0893815233|5.0|Sally Mann was introduced to me in my college photography class through a video and I was facinated from the start. She is incredibly creative and her ideas were shot down by many because of nudity. It is not nudity, it is a beautiful art that she has been able to transform to film. She is wonderous and very talented. The book helps to show the childrens lives. How they lived within themselves and Sally was simply there constantly repeating, hold that pose. A lot of heart was put into this, creating amazing work.
B0000033PB|1.0|I can't figure out why ELP even tried to reunite in '92? I have all their albums right up to Works Vol. 2. I have always felt their 1970-1973 material is their best while their 1977-78 isn't all that great (but each of those later albums do have a couple of gems, like &quot;Fanfare For the Common Man&quot;). I didn't bother with Love Beach because of all the negative opinions that album has received. Not too long after Love Beach was recorded and released, ELP broke up. Various incarnations of ELP surfaced in the late '80s like Emerson, Lake &amp; Powell and 3 (Three), but it wasn't until '92 that the real ELP reunited and released Black Moon. This reunion wasn't worth it. Why? Well, you can tell the age of these musicians are really begining to show. Greg Lake's voice sounds quite shot. It doesn't sound like the Greg Lake I'm used to. Keith Emerson doesn't even try here (but I'm guessing that was the carpal tunnel that was creeping up which was even a bigger problem on In the Hot Seat). Carl Palmer, well, you'll never figure he was one of the great drummer of prog rock when you hear him tapping on an electronic drum kit. How about the songs themselves? Most of them rather simple pop songs in an obvious attempt for MTV exposure. The group efforts attempt to rock, but the Lake ballads (like &quot;Footprints in the Snow&quot;) just make me puke, with awful lyrics. I am reminded of the worst moments of Works Vol. 1 (like Greg Lake's side, especially &quot;Closer To Believing&quot;). Keith Emerson's keyboard sound here is very unappealing. I think he made a terrible mistake by ditching his Hammond organ and Moog for newer, flashier, state-of-the-art synthesizers and keyboards. Black Moon, as you expect from a 1992 release, is an all-digital recording, with digital keyboards, electronic drums, and little of anything analog. So if you're a prog rock fan that hates digital, stay away from this album. Black Moon is widely regarded as a disaster by many fans, and I have to agree on that. Pretty disappointing effort. Stick to their self-entitled 1970 debut, Trilogy, or Brain Salad Surgery. It was garbage like Black Moon and Yes' Union that was a big reason why a whole new wave of progressive rock bands in the '90s like Anglagard, Landberk, Anekdoten, Spock's Beard, Flower Kings, etc. surfaced, because the big name prog bands had became too lazy where their newer material comes across as being quite formulaic at best, and painfully embarassing at worst.
B000002GYW|5.0|I am in agreement with the majority of the writers that Desperado stands as the best of the Eagles, and certainly among the most completely realized concept albums of all time. I would like to note that the Dalton Gang were real outlaws who terrorized the Kansas/Oklahoma territory in the 1880's. They met their demise trying to rob two banks in their home area on the same day. The dead outlaws were laid out to be photographed in the custom of the day, and a replica of the photo featuring the musicians is on the back cover of the album. A video was also made which starred, in addition to various Eagles, friends such as Jackson Browne. You might wish to read the chapter on Desperado in Stranded (G.Marcus, editor), a collection of essays by rock critics about their desert island discs. This one is surely one of mine. Not a perfect album, but 5 stars anyway for quality and coolness.
6303269869|5.0|I can't remember ever seeing a movie that made me cry, but this one did. I'm a male in my 30's, and I usually don't let movies get to me, but this one was powerful. I would urge anyone who has a close relationship with someone who is in recovery to see this movie. Five years ago, I lost my fiancee partly due to this terrible disease, and I had no frame of reference to relate to her with, and the daily struggles she was going through in recovery. I tried to rescue her (like Andy Garcia) without realizing that you can't save anyone but yourself, and you have to deal with your own issues instead of focusing on someone else.
B00005CDUE|5.0|Complain all you like but this is a pretty good overview of the band. Yes, there are glaring omissions and some of the choices are kind of goofy. All things considered this is a pretty fine single disc compilation. I actually like the sequencing--it makes it interesting telescoping their career in a very interesting fashion. I caught the show in Northern California (it was actually at the Chronicle Pavillion) and was impressed. The passion that was sadly lacking during the Avalon tour was back. Clearly these guys were having a blast and it showed. As a long time fan I appreciated hearing the pre-Avalon stuff again. Out of the Blue still sounds as fresh as it did in '74. You could easily argue that any best of should be divided into two discs (by the time of the last three studio albums the band had not only streamlined their sound but given up any appearence of being a band)but this fine disc captures all the highlights. I do have to disagree with what one reviewer stated. While some of their later albums were a bit spotty (particularly Flesh &amp; Blood)their 2nd, 3rd and 4th albums are uniformly strong albums. Around the time of Siren the quality control began to slip (and it was clear that the album-tour-album thing was both growing old and wearing). Manifesto despite a some weak tracks still had enough teeth to make it interesting. If this single disc compilation intrigues you I'd suggest For Your Pleasure, Stranded and Country Life as additions to your collection. All three have more than their fair share of highlights that are not represented here. After the disappointing final tour for The High Road (essentially an extension of the Avalon tour from the previous year), it's great to see Ferry, Manzanera, MacKay and (yeah!)Thompson enjoying themselves again.
B00005J6UP|5.0|When i saw this in the 80's it was just one of my favourite movies! Together with The Never Ending Story and Labyrinth! A few kids that find a treasure map and try to get the treasure. Three criminals (The Fratelli Family) also found out about the treasure and don't want them to get the treasure.. The kids have to go threw a lot of boobytraps and risk their lives just because they wan't to keep the house of mom and dad Walsh. Because if they don't pay up it will be torn apart! It's a (more than) great story with great special effects, and sets!! So go and buy it! It's really worth it!! It's just great that all the great fantasy movies are put on DVD!! The don't make 'em like this anymore!
B000002NCW|4.0|None of Mike Oldfield's work (that I've listened to, anyway) has surpassed his work on the Tubular Bells discs, but Voyager is still very good. A good mix of acoustic, electronic and vocal music make this a great CD to have in the background when you're whiling away a rainy summer day.<br /><br />Oldfield does a good job with the traditional arrangements of these pieces. While you can certainly tell the electronics are there, they still bring to mind a celtic sensibility that takes you to the Irish countryside. The cover of the CD (if you take Oldfield himself off of it) is beautiful, combining the scenery of the coast with the morning mist that the best celtic music invokes. The music definitely adds to that feeling.<br />If you've never listened to Oldfield, I would suggest one of the Tubular Bells CDs. However, if you like Oldfield but haven't tried this one yet, I would suggest you do so. It will be on repeat in your CD player for awhile.
006016848X|5.0|This book was an amazing wakup call for me.  I know understand where my wife is coming from.  I just hope that she will see the book in the same light that I have.  Its a must read for anyone man that wants to understand his wife or girlfriend.
B00005AWMF|5.0|This is one of the greatest cd's of all time. Sade's voice is so beautiful. When she sings her songs you can actually feel it. It sounds like if she sings from her heart. Once you listen to this cd, you'll love it. It has a lot of her great songs in one cd. Everyone should have this cd in their collection
B00004XQ83|5.0|Wonderfully written, sung, and a treat to listen to. Brings me to a bluegrass, backwoods, downhome farm! Too marvelous for words! I can't help but feel happy after such an uplifting cd! The movie was awesome, and that's what made me want the cd! Check them both out!
0767812166|1.0|This movie is sooo messed up, the alien dude is stupid and as is the lady, it has some funny parts, but mostly it's bad.. not a well rounded ending.
0920668364|1.0|This one is laughably bad. The first page was good but then it quickly goes downhill from there. Based on the reviews, we were expecting a book on par with Goodnight Moon or Love You Forever. Instead, my wife and I could barely make it thru this one without busting out laughing in front of our little baby. Like other readers, we had tears in our eyes but they were tears of laughter. The story is poorly written and the words don't flow. The poem that is repeated throughout the book is supposed to be tender and touch the reader deeply. Instead, it's so poorly conceived, it's like listening to fingernails on the chalkboard. Except for the cover, the illustrations are terrible. The illustrations have all the tenderness of a First Aid manual. And why is the grown man sleeping on his mother's lap? I understand the author is trying to convey the strong emotional bond that exists between mother and son throughout their entire lives but there must be a less disturbing and ridiculous means of doing so! Besides, isn't this book supposed to be for the little ones?
6305841861|4.0|In many ways Evil Dead 2 is better than the first but it doesn't make sense from where Evil Dead left off and where this one begins.In the first evil dead it ends with ash burning the necromomekon AKA the book of the dead and the possessed friends explode.Ash walks out of the cabin only to be possessed.Evil Dead 2 begins with Ash and his girlfriend Linda (same girl from the first one) returning to the cabin then Ash sees the tape recorder and turns it on like he forget the recorder from the last time.Linda gets possessed and Ash cuts her head off with a shovel just like in the first one.Now I know this movie was ment to be a remake but they could have made that more clear by not calling it Evil Dead 2.But besides the beginning this movie is excellent it has better gore effects it has humour something the first didn't have at all.I think it would have been better if they continued it like Army of Darkness and have ash tell you what happend last and cut out the beginning and begin with ash getting possessed.All in all I really like this movie but they should have told us ash worked at S mark like in the third one.
B000050FEN|5.0|Every once in a while a film comes along that is so well written, acted and directed that it transcends it's genre.<BR>This is the case with David Fincher's &quot;Seven,&quot; a superb film that transcends the fact that it's merely about two cops tracking a serial killer. The performances by Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman are flawless, not to mention a superb cameo (by an actor who'll remain nameless for the benefit of those of you who still haven't seen it) as the psychotic &quot;John Doe&quot;.<BR>Working with an intelligent script by Andrew Kevin Walker (who also punched up some of the dialouge for &quot;Fight Club&quot;, Director David Fincher gives us an intelligent thriller that remains relentless and uncompromising.<BR>The DVD package is sensational...the two discs include commentary by Pitt, Fincher and Freeman, exteneded and deleted scenes, a segement that details the creation of John Doe's creepy notebooks and a host of storyboards and publicity material. Example:the commentary reveals the studio wanted to make the film with a less distrubing, more hackneyed ending, but Fincher, Pitt and Freeman would only do the &quot;head in the box&quot; version. Note...hats off to Brad Pitt for creating the line in which he mis-pronouces the Marquis De Sade as &quot;The Marquis De Shar-Day&quot;!<BR>&quot;Seven&quot; is the &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; of serial killer movies.
B00004Y6NU|5.0|This is the album where Mark really lets rip and shows more colors etc. Great Guitar work
B00005LKIM|2.0|I was not surprised to hear that &quot;Hannibal,&quot; Thomas Harris' stylish sequel to &quot;The Silence Of The Lambs,&quot; was going to be made into a movie. Nor was I surprised that the movie, in typical Hollywood fashion, went for the gore rather than character development. Ridley Scott's direction veers between European film noir and slasher flick with touches of MTV--as in many of his other films, including &quot;Gladiator&quot; and &quot;G.I. Jane,&quot; he loves those slow but sharp action shots. Anthony Hopkins, reprising his role as cultured killer Hannibal Lecter, does the best with what he's given, as does Julianne Moore, who plays Clarice Starling with grim determination. Gary Oldman (who, despite Amazon's claim, is listed third in the end credits on the VHS version) turns in his usual creepy performance as Mason Verger, Lecter's only surviving victim, bent on revenge. Giancarlo Gianni looks rather bored in his role as the Florence police inspector who discovers Lecter in his new life as a medieval archivist. As is often the case with books turned into movies, a lot of the background information that makes characters interesting is tossed over the side, but Scott makes sure to keep the blood, although (believe it or not) a lot of the gore is toned down compared to the book, the final dinner party especially. &quot;Hannibal&quot; the novel is a fascinating character study. &quot;Hannibal&quot; the movie turns the good doctor into a pop icon on the level of Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees (and also, of course, leaves an opening for a sequel). Choose wisely!
B00004XOWM|1.0|This album is the greatest s*** i`ve ever listened to!!!!!!! Limp Bizkit totally became commercial! \\"3 dollar bill y`all\\" and \\"Significant other\\" was the best stuff made by Limp Bizkit!!! I nearly went to a concert of them in Austria, but I didn`t! Cause I don`t want to be with children under 14 in the crowd!!! So, for all those guys who bought this album and like it:Be happy with it!!!!!!!
0783229526|1.0|This is easily on the top ten list of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. Nothing memorable and worth mentioning. Shabbily put together and very uninteresting. If you you thought \\"Cry Baby\\" was bad, If you thought \\"The Man that New to Little\\" was bad, if you thought \\"where the buffalo roam\\" was bad you aint seen nothing yet.....
0425180638|2.0|I have read all of Patricia Cornwell books, and since the last ones, i.e. Cause of Death, Point of Origin and Black Notice, were such a great disappointment (unlike the first ones), I think that, in a way, I enjoyed The Last Precinct. At least it did not make yawn in a wish to finish it, like her last ones. I agree with most of the readers, who say that Cornwell can and has done it much better. I do not know if I will buy the next Scarpetta novel, I think I have become tired of buying her next books in the hope that they will be better than the last ones. One last thing: why is Cornwell turning Marino into such an annoying character?
6305064490|5.0|I have never seen a better movie and never will. The performances by Jimmy Stewart and Donna Reed are flawless in there performance and I think the scene in which they are listening on the telephone together is one of the most romantic scenes ever filmed! If you eyes are dry at the end of this one you are in the minority.
0140277447|4.0|I grew up as a post-World War II baby boomer, much the same as millions of others within the US. In studying US history in school, I was as familiar as anyone with the atrocities and massacres of war. However, as I've come to realize, there's a great deal about the best and worst of mankind that doesn't always make the cut in the history books. In my education Nanking, just before the beginning of WW II, didn't make the cut. In the early 1930's Japan was engaged in an undeclared war with China, marching through Manchuria against the forces of Chiang Kai-shek (read some of the commentaries in any of a number of editions of Sun Tzu's Art of War for some insight into his effectiveness as a general). While war is unarguably one of the worst creations of mankind, some aspects are significantly worse than others. Iris Chang describes one of these, as Japanese forces occupy and methodically destroy the city and people of Nanking. Iris Chang has been widely criticized for presenting these events in journalistic (as opposed to historic) fashion, for playing fast and loose with historical research, and for fabricating pieces of the story to make it a better read. As an attorney friend often points out, there is no truth after the event, only differing perceptions. Regardless of the existence or absence of the [accepted] historical truth, of the details of the numbers of the dead, or of the reasons for the lack of resistance on the part of the Chinese; an atrocity occurred that bears acknowledging and recording. And while we as Americans certainly didn't end this war (or any other, for that matter) with spotless record, it doesn't mean that we shouldn't ask for apology and recognition from responsible parties; or that we shouldn't critically study what occurred. Iris Chang's presentation is gripping in the same way it's nearly impossible to look away from an accident. It's painful but something you need to see at times. I can't call it a good book, but I can call it a necessary book. Read it.
B0000542DJ|3.0|I liked Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK&quot;, just as I like &quot;Platoon&quot; and &quot;Born on the Fourth of July&quot;. However, I find some of the historical inaccuracies of this film to be disturbing. This movie implies that it knows all the facts about what really happened on 22nd November 1963, and the scenarios and characters of the story are designed to fit the theories of Oliver Stone and Jim Garrisson. The movie makes a world class villain out of Clay Shaw and many other people, and while it may indeed be true that Clay Shaw actually did what Garrisson SAYS he did, it's nonetheless true that there is no absolute proof regarding the matter, and it's also true that this movie will convince the viewer that not only Shaw, but a lot of other guys were behind a gigantic conspiracy and cover up. Nobody is going to seriously deny that there's a cover-up in the Kennedy murder (especially nowadays), but to do these posthumous character assassinations -- especially without clear cut proof -- is going to convince a lot of viewers out there that Garrisson's take on the JFK slaying is the DEFINITIVE take. It's also a disservice to Shaw's relatives -- who knows? Maybe Shaw is innocent after all, and here we are watching a movie that makes him into some permiscuous, cold-blooded liar and killer. Lots of people will think the movie JFK is like watching history -- it isn't. It's a dramatization of the highest order based on theories that may or may not ever be proven, and if you ask Oliver Stone why he didn't put a disclaimer either at the beginning or end of his movie (such as &quot;the following [or preceding] is a dramatization based on theory&quot;), he'll probably give you some cockneyed tale about how it never occurred to him to do so. The truth is probably that he knew that placing a disclaimer ANYWHERE on his movie (which would have been the responsible thing to do) would weaken its pretentious claim as being the whole truth about the assassination. Overall, it's a good film, but that's all it is: a movie. PS: FBI reports and eventual admissions from Jim Garrisson himself PROVE that Garrisson had links to the mafia, and it's also true that as the early to mid 1970s wore on that Garrisson's theories and accusations grew more and more senseless and slanderous. By the 1980s an early 90s, he was more or less a big, sad joke. He had the right idea, maybe, but never the skill or sublety to find things out without alienating the world.
6305280711|5.0|Die Hard was excellent movie, it impressed me a ton and a sequel was needed badly. Unfortunatly the sequel was a bit of dissapointment. It had a different director, different group of terrorists, he even moved to the LAPD! Whats up with that!? John Mclane is the perfect New York Cop, no way he's an LA cop. And unfortunatly, when he moved to the LAPD he changed into an LA cop. He's too emotional in this movie and there's too much romance. Yeah the action is good but it doesn't feel like a Die Hard movie. When I heard that John McTiernan was directing this one I was a bit relieved and it took place in New York so that was another relief. From the first moments of this movie I knew is would bring back my reminiscences of the first Die Hard (A department store exploding is the perfect way to start a Die Hard movie). This movie follows all the routes the first Die Hard movie took. All except its in the summer not around Christmas and doesn't take place in a building. Oh well I still enjoyed it the most out of all the Die Hard movies. Great action, great acting, great cast, great humor, its great.
0679722610|5.0|The name &quot;Personville&quot; is a generic name for all the towns named after a company owner. &quot;Red Harvest&quot; is about a town where hired gunmen were brought in for strike-breaking. They then gained control of the town, going from servants to masters; but no one gang gained control. The company owner then used his newspaper to try to advocate a &quot;civic reform&quot; campaign to regain control. His newspaper publisher son hired the Continental Op, but was killed before they meet. (Was this similar to Robert F. Kennedy's prosecution of organized crime?) Machiavelli's Letter to the Prince of Florence (p.9) tells of the problems with a mercenary army: they can takeover the government that hired them. Only a citizen army is proper to a republic. Creating a militia by arming the cirtizens of &quot;Personville&quot; could have put an end to these gangs, but the political control of &quot;Elihu Willsson&quot; would have ended as well. The 1877 strike in Pittsburgh's coal and iron industry led to the abolishment of the traditional local militia and its replacement by a state-controlled militia. Newly powerful corporations now controlled the state government, and the new &quot;National Guard&quot; developed into a strike-breaking force with the power of law. The Continental Op purges &quot;Personville&quot; and leaves, but the book doesn't tell how quickly new gangs re-appear. The corporate control continues, with its need for strike-breaking gunmen; they pop up like teeth in a shark. Corporate control of politicians and government may only be possible with this corruption. The politics of this novel guarantees that it will never be faithfully filmed by Hollywood, unlike some of his other novels. But this made it a best sell in 1929 and afterwards.
B000005RQF|5.0|This is one of the great college rock (or 'alternative') albums of all time. The song &quot;Cuyahoga&quot; is a college rock masterpiece - take one listen to this song, and you will wonder how you ever lived your life without this song in it. Fall On Me and Superman are also really great. Take the time to go back and check out the old R.E.M. albums. It's a fascinating musical journey to take - and a rewarding one.
6305972591|1.0|Don't be fooled by the previous reviews which tell you how great this movie is. Bad acting, no horror, bad effects. I played this DVD for my friends and now they won't talk to me. Stay away from it...
B000053VAF|2.0|Whenever you see a movie poster that features the movie's cast the way this one does, by law alone, you know it's going to be a BAD movie. Think about it. But of course we all know there are exceptions to every law, right? That too is true, of course, but for many reasons (that I won't be too kind to site in here) this movie is definitely not the exception. Clich arguments and characters, just to sum it all up. I'm starting to get sick and tired of so called &quot;thinking man&quot; movies that in the end turn out to be such a terrible disappointment (Did somebody say &quot;Fight Club&quot;?) and yet are capable of remain with a little sense of their pretentious &quot;originality&quot; by raving fans. Oh well, everyone has different preferences, isn't it? And no, I am not Christian. (Matter of fact, I am Atheist)
B00005AR3G|2.0|Please take note the horrible amount of stars I gave this \\"DVD\\". The movie itself deserves a ton of stars. I love this flick. I've gone through three copies thinking something was wrong with the disc. Come to find out, I think the problem is simply my DVD player. I've had this \\"TOSHIBA SD-3107\\" since December of 1997. Along with around three-hundred movies and I've never had a glitch until I purchased \\"The Emperor's New Groove\\". Every so often througout the flick, it skips and jumps around like crazy. All three of the discs did it. I tried it on my dad's player (TOSHIBA SD-2107) which his model is one down from mine, and it did the same there. Then I threw it in a Sony Playstation 2 and it played perfect all the way through. I'm guessing my machine is simply 'old' and cannot handle the complexity and newer technology that they put on these discs. I have a feeling I need to do an update on a new DVD player. I purchased the machine back when they first came out... I guess I'm going to keep this one until I can afford one of the DVD Recorders coming out soon. Despite those crazy problems the audio and video are perfect! And oh to note, I'm 29 years old. I get tired of reading peoples' reviews saying that this movie and other Disney flicks are for children. I'm a huge kid-at-heart. You could never be too old to view these type of films. And if you pay attention, there are a lot of adult orientated material in Disney toons. Even back in the day. So keep an open mind. Just because it's a cartoon, doesn't mean it's for children. Later...
0451169514|5.0|I just finished this book yesterday, and I think it was great. You feel like you know the characters. From whenever I picked up the book to when I put it down it always kept me on the edge of my seat. I don't know how people could find this boring, it is long I'll admit that, but if you know you are not going to have enough time to read it then don't pick it up. A few people in here are saying this was a bad book because it described to much, would you rather have King say, &quot;While there were 7 kids who lived in a small town in Maine, something was killing a bunch of kids so they went underground and hurt It. Then when they were adults It came back so they went back underground and killed It again.&quot; No that just wouldn't be good. A book with lots of description is great. I seriously recomend this book to anyone who has the time.
B000002N3J|5.0|This CD is such a great collection of ballads. Madonna's voice can carry her emotions so well. Her ballads are so beautiful and this collection really shows it off. Some of my favourites include: Rain, I'll Remember, Live To Tell, Forbidden Love, Crazy For You, You'll See, and Take A Bow Madonna should release another collection of ballads, as this CD was excellent. It's too bad Amazon only allows 5 stars, because I want to give this 100! :-)
B00003CXA2|1.0|I bought a high definition wide screen TV to avoid letterbox!1:78:1 is the standard for wide screen high definition broadcast. Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan and Jurassic Park are 1:85:1. If they were 2:35:1 it would not make them any better. Both of those movies rocked! ATTN: Bob Zemeckis, It does not make the movie any better if you use only half the screen! Looks like one less sale for you.
B00003CXTG|2.0|Lacking any kind of character development, this film falls far short of the bar set by other recent WWII movies, like SAVING PRIVATE RYAN. Both Raf (Affleck) and Danny (Harnett) waltz through the film without any change in their demeanor, remaining young cocksure pilots, untouched by the events surrounding them. The enemy here is faceless and politically correct while death is Disney-fied and sterile. Also, strangely absent is the character's racial hatred of the Japanese, characteristic of the period. Micheal Bay's strong point has always been his fast and innovative cinematography, but it alone cannot fill the gap left by a sub par script. Like Titanic, this film is good for one thing only, visual effects. Written by the screenwriter of BRAVEHEART, another film with more good press than actual substance, the only reason PEARL HARBOR should be purchased by anyone is ILM's fantastic special effects work. The attack sequence alone is well worth the price of the DVD. And the great thing about DVD? You don't have to fast forward to the good part.
B000002MQ9|5.0|In my opinion, this is DCD's best CD. Even though it is said that &quot;Aion&quot; is the most medieval DCD album, I believe it falls short in comparison to this magnificent CD. (But Ain is still great!) I just don't seem to be able to spot one single song I don't like of this CD, or in other words: This is a perfect album. Brendan's songs are very deep and poetic, while Lisa's are brilliant and very spiritual as always. (Still, none of these songs compares to the EPIC &quot;The Host of Seraphim&quot;, from &quot;The Serpent's Egg&quot;) &quot;Summoning of the Muse&quot;, and &quot;Persephone&quot; are the best songs of the CD, the first made up entirely of ringing bells while the second a classical Lisa Gerrard that starts calmly and then sets off with all the fury of Lisa's wonderful voice. A truly marvelous CD that every single lover of good music ought to own. By the way, I'm looking for the movie &quot;El Nio de la Luna&quot;, starting Lisa Gerrard. If anyone knows any info, please contact me.
0790729687|5.0|I think Interview with the Vampire was and is a awesome movie, as a Anne Rice fan I went to see it when it first came out and absolutely loved it. Tom Cruise, brad pitt, antonio banderas, kirsten dunst and stephen rea did a excellent job as actors and Neil jordan did a awesome job of directing it. For all those people out there that didn't like the movie. I'm sorry but all I have to say is you have bad taste.
0783116934|4.0|In this excellent movie originally produced for HBO, the violence is fleeting and the emphasis is on characterization and interesting details (life in the former Soviet Union, how to mount a criminal investigation with virtually no resources, and so on). Actors Stephen Rea, Donald Sutherland, and Jeffrey DeMunn paint involving characters that are both vivid and understated at the same time, as does Max Von Sydow in the few scenes where he appears. Finally, don't let the full-frame composition scare you off: this movie was originally produced to appear on a TV screen, so the image seen is NOT a cropped pan-and-scan variation of the original. This IS the original movie the way it was meant to be seen.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I loved this movie as a child, and enjoyed watching the DVD with my kids this last week...the 5.1 sound was very good and the picture was excellent, for such an old movie. Best example of sprucing up an old 80's film to todays standard, only thing missing was DTS...
B00003CXSP|4.0|After viewing 'Hannibal' at my local Loew's in February, I thought it would be a worthy purchase on DVD in August. I am a fan of Sir Anthony Hopkins, especially his portrayal of the deranged Hannibal Lecter, M.D. I was really hoping for more of a psychological movie, with a lot more interaction between Lecter and Starling. Their interaction is what made 'The Silence Of The Lambs' such a creepy movie. This movie, however, keeps Starling and Lecter apart for a good 2/3 of the movie, and their time together is not quite at all like in 'Silence'. It seemed that a few scenes were for mere shock value and not for the good of the film. Sure, I enjoyed Lecter's &quot;bowels in, or bowels out?&quot; but it wasn't completely necessary, and neither was the wild boar scene. The ending, however, was priceless, and made the movie. It seems like maybe the doc has feelings afterall? The deleted scenes and pictures are pretty cool. I really don't know why Ridley Scott cut some of those, some would've helped create suspense I thought, like the visit to the Baltimore institution. The letter sequence, I thought, was also better on the alternate one, it explained what did happen to Jack Crawford. The movie did entertain me though, I do wish there were more ties to 'Silence Of The Lambs' and a little bit more psychological interaction between Lecter and the other characters, but I guess it's hard to top 'Silence' (it did win 5 Academy Awards in 1991).
B00000JG41|5.0|As anyone with an ear would agree. Just leave it to Mr. Patton to create an album that would spawn a generation of copy cats. We saw it happen again and again with Faith No More. And now Mr. Bungle is influencing quite a few newer bands (especailly Dog Fashion Disco). The general chaos of the previous Mr. Bungle albums are gone. Leading for a hefty dose of melody and not quite as funny lyrics. Strings and acoustics are used on songs like Sweet Charity, Retrovertigo, and Vanity Fair.  But songs like None Them Knew They Were Robots still carry the same recognisable Mr. Bungle time changes and total renovations of sound. Still this is Mr. Bungles most adventerous album and would recommend it to anyone. I just wish there was a little more comedy in it though...
B000002H5I|5.0|Okay. This album is very hard for me to describe. Personally, it has affected me on my different levels, from the adaptation of her sound and lyrics to points of my everyday life, to just having an album in which i can lay down, press play, and not have to worry about pressing the skip button. To show you simply how incredible this album is, well, let me compare and contrast: The last concert I went to was Marilyn Manson, and yet i haven't been able to put this album down since i was old enough to pick it up.
6305313687|5.0|American History X delivers a strong statement on the issue of racism in the US. It shows how racism is passed down among a rural white family, only to result in a tragic ending. Edward Norton gives a breath-taking performance as... skinhead Derek Vinyard. Aided with T2's Edward Furlong, who plays Derek's younger brother Danny, the two bright stars put together a story that still leaves viewers in awe. American History X is a true masterpiece. Although not suitable for young children, it's a film that belongs in the heart of every American today.
020530902X|5.0|When I write a book I use only a handful of reference tools: dictionary, thesaurus, Gregg's Reference Handbook, Writers Market, and the Elements of Style. Strunk and White is a wonderfully-written, extraordinarily concise tool that pays homage to classic high-end English. It takes language insight to make this prediction in 1979: \\"By the time this paragraph makes print, uptight... rap, dude, vibes, copout, and funky will be the words of yesteryear.\\" The book begins with eleven \\"Elementary Rules of Usage,\\" and then continues with eleven more \\"Elementary Rules of Composition,\\" and eleven \\"Matters of Form.\\" Each is presented as a brief statement followed by another sentence or two of explanation and a few clarifying examples. This amazing compilation fills only thirty-eight pages, yet covers ninety percent of good writing fundamentals. My favorite section is Chapter IV, a twenty-seven-page, alphabetical listing of commonly misused words and expressions. Here's a trade secret: when my manuscript is \\"done,\\" I then turn to this chapter and use my word processor's Find function to study every instance of all these problematic words and phrases. I never fail to find errors this way. Many great writers are so only because they've learned to make use of the best available tools. The end of the book contains an essay on \\"An Approach to Style\\" with a list of twenty-one \\"Reminders.\\" Those who fight the apparently-natural tendency to go against these recommendations succeed as writers. Those who don't, fail. It's that simple. The single drawback of The Elements of Style is that it's too concise; it does not stand alone as an all-encompassing tutorial or reference guide. Many readers will seek other sources for more in-depth explanation of style elements. Despite that, it easily replaces ten pounds of other reference material. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
B000002UKS|3.0|...I wouldn't want to &quot;live&quot; with their music. I'm a fan of Nirvana, but it's spin-offs bands never set my world on fire. However, I thought it would be an inappropriate joy to do a mix cd of Hole, the Foos, and some tracks off Insecticide &amp; Bleach; pulling out the best stuff of the lot. My assumption was that I'd have the least use for Hole, but instead found some really nice material by a band with a lousy singer, there. Unfortunately I found the Foo Fighters to be the dogs of the bunch. With lyrics ranging from sappy to just plain old insipid, the Foos threadbare lyrics and underwhelming personality remind me more of 70's guitar rockers than the 90's rock icons they've often been sold as. If I had to pick one of their lightweight cds to own, though, this would be it.&quot;Doll&quot; is a cute opener, and I have to wonder if Veruca Salt's &quot;The Same Person&quot; and &quot;All Dressed Up&quot; were plays on that particular song. Most folks are familiar with Dave Grohl's and Louise Post's history, after all, but I have to say &quot;Resolver&quot; was meatier than anything in the Foo's library.&quot;Monkey Wrench&quot; is a defiant follow-up, though it sounds more like a variation on &quot;Sabotage&quot; than the &quot;getting out of a bad relationship of your own making&quot; that Grohl has played it off as being. &quot;Hey, Johnny Park!&quot; doesn't hurt my 70's band comparison, but is one of the few satisfying writing jobs on this disc. It's a shame Grohl's subpar vocals mar it so. &quot;Walking After You&quot; could have been a creepy little ditty, if it were not so laughably tame. &quot;See You&quot; has a fun retro sound, but all the content of Hanson's &quot;Mmm-Bop&quot;. &quot;Up in Arms&quot; is a pleasant enough ballad, while &quot;My Hero&quot; is a great concept that isn't realized. &quot;Everlong&quot; is lovely song, deserving it's instant classic status, but even it could have stood to be fleshed out more. &quot;My Poor Brain&quot;,&quot;Wind Up&quot;, &quot;New Way Home&quot;, &quot;Enough Space&quot; and &quot;February Stars&quot; are forgettable filler materal, more of which being easy to locate on the Foo's other releases. The Foo Fighter will likely stand among the greatest creative underachievers for a band of it's success when they're looked back upon. They know a great hook when they hear it, but there isn't much else to sustain them.
B00003CXZ4|3.0|A movie such as this, which has an intriguing concept and takes itself a little too seriously just begs to be picked apart. Under close scrutiny the plot just falls apart, which I am sorry to say is what the whole movie is based on. As has been pointed out in numerous reviews, Guy Pearce's character wouldn't be able to remember that he had a memory problem. I wouldn't point out plot discrepencies, as I am the first one to check my brain at the door when seeing a movie. But this one seemed way too pretentious and self-indulgent to allow that to happen. To be fair, it had it's fair share of great moments. The clever chase scene where he figures out he is being chased is cool. The ending is surprising and interesting, it made me think about the movie a while afterwards. The only other complaint I have about this movie, is that if the story was told forwards it wouldn't make much sense, which is my core problem with the movie. It is stylistic, and has interesting ideas about human nature, but still it lacks cohesion and tries to reject hollywood conventions but falls right into them, it may not have the same story structure but that hardly makes it non-mainstream or artsy as some have put it. It will be and already is a huge cult hit, so I guess I'm fighting a losing battle.
B00000J048|5.0|I purchased this toy for my three year old daughter. She loves it. The gears come with a base that connect together like a puzzle and the toy teaches kids about motion. This is a toy that both kids and parents can enjoy!
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is one of the best deals for anime. Featuring full versions of both the US release and the original Japanese release, this is one of the best deals you can get. Although it lacks extras, the strength and overall goodness of the movie makes up for it. Miramax's dub is also pretty good even though Claire Danes' voice acting could use some extra emotion when compared to the other acts. Overall it is an enjoyable movie, but I don't recommend it for the kiddies since random decapitations and shootings do occur...
B00000AFWW|3.0|I'm a fan of Nirvana, but it's spin-off bands never set my world on fire. However, I thought it would be an inappropriate joy to do a mix cd of Hole, the Foos, and some tracks off Insecticide &amp; Bleach; pulling out the best stuff of the lot. My assumption was that I'd have the least use for Hole, but instead found the Foo Fighters to be the dogs of the bunch. Hole actually has some pretty sweet lyrics, some mean hooks, and in this release, a bouncy pop sound. The only drawback is that Courtney Love has no business singing anything that requires more talent than the howls and whines of &quot;Live Through This&quot;, and the sometimes gradiouse arrangements on &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; finds her to be exceptionally grating. I look forward to a day when &quot;Northern Star&quot; is either covered by another group, or redone with an incarnation of Hole fronted by a credible lead.
6305313687|4.0|I like this movie. The story is about how Derek (Norton) turned into a racist and then back into a non-racist under the influence of his father and his jail-mates respectively. And it's also about how his brother Daniel molded himself into another racist Derek. Some of the scenes are very powerful, especially the one where Derek killed a black man and then got arrested. Senses of hate, cruelty, violence and defiance are all very effectively expressed by the slow black-&amp;-white series of images of Norton displaying the swastika tattoo on his naked muscular chest. But this comprehensive representation of racism is unfortunately not matched by the subsequent plot development where Derek came to regret about what he'd done. The eariler expression of racism is so powerful that the later less successful projection of the transformed Derek pales in comparison. Overall, however, it is a movie that would leave a lasting impression with the viewers. Viewers may not agree with the way the movie handled such a sensitive topic, but it in any case has succeeded in bringing us a strong visual sensation of racism. It is disturbing because most of us used to discuss about it only verbally and read about it only from the papers. But with the excellent casting by Norton, it all appears so vividly in front of our eyes.
B000002MIB|1.0|When this album was released in 1993, Van Halen remained one of the few hard-rock acts of the 70's that could still fill a hockey rink with 20,000 fans on a regular basis. The band's knack for crafting catchy, melodic, guitar-powered rock keeps their (mostly male adolescent) fans happy, and makes them a staple of AOR radio. Thus, Van Halen's niche near the top of the hard-rock heap is insured. It's a shame that \\"Right Here, Right Now\\" was the first live album in the band's then 16-year history. It would have been interesting to compare the first incarnation of V.H. (with lead vocalist David Lee Roth) with the second (featuring Sammy Hagar on lead pipes). While Hagar is a decent singer, he is also one of the most obnoxious, unoriginal front men in rock. On \\"Right Here, Right Now,\\" when he's not mumbling his song introductions, his R-rated stage banter sounds as if it were scripted by the screenwriters of &quot;Spinal Tap.&quot; Some might argue that Roth wasn't much different, but Roth was a class clown who didn't mind poking fun at his own persona. In comparison, Hagar comes off like a smug jerk. And Roth was a better singer to boot. From the evidence on \\"Right Here, Right Now,\\" however, it seems like the members of Van Halen are happy to put their early days behind them. Only four of the collection's twenty-four tracks are from the David Lee Roth period. Hagar even blows the lyrics a few times to suggest how little they matter. Musically, Van Halen remains in top form, with premier guitarist Eddie Van Halen leading the way. He remains one of the true originals in hard rock. The word &quot;original&quot; however, describes little else about the package. Anyone who's witnessed more than three rock concerts in his life should be familiar with that oldest of concert cliches - the instrumental solo. On \\"Right Here, Right Now,\\" each of the three instrument-playing members of Van Halen takes center stage to (yawn) demonstrate his musicianship and wow the audience with hiscommand of his instrument. A drum, guitar, and even bass solo might thrill a few 15-year-olds in concert, but on record such excess will more likely inspire either a nap or a migraine. Sure, Eddie's a great guitarist, but eleven minutes of riffs and runs is tedium ad nauseam. While the overall sound quality of the CD leaves much to be desired, most of the songs come across okay, performed in faithful-to-the-original versions. A weak cover of the Who's &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; is the only &quot;new&quot; track, obviously included so that something previously unavailable could be released as a single. If you're a big Van Halen fan, you're better off buying the concert video that accompanies this package. Otherwise, if you already have the studio albums, pass.
B00000DG1R|4.0|Duran Duran were the band of the 80's if you were in the UK (with Spandau Ballet a close second). They released the Decade album back in the late 80's and missed off some vital tracks. I had high hopes that this album might have put them back in, but it wasn't too be. What they've done instead is add in some of the later tracks and the current single (at the time of this release) Electric Barbarella. I'm not a huge fan of later Duran, although I liked Ordinary World and Come Undone, but this track harks back to their origins and I hope they keep up this sound. I've always wondered why they have never included Burning The Ground, a mix-type single with samples from some of their hits to publise the Decade album. It did quite well in the UK and would fit quite nicely on the end of this. Anyway, gripes aside, this is currrently the definitive Duran compilation - I doubt that EMI would release a 2CD set unless Duran suddenly hit the big time again. This is a good introduction to a major band of two decades ago - beginners start here.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Let me start off this review with a short story. One night, I was flipping around the channels looking for something to watch. I flipped to UPN and saw the final five minutes of &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;. Obviously I had no clue what was going on, and that was that for a couple months. Then while at my local video store, I saw that there was one more DVD left of it, so I figured 'what the hell' and I took it home to watch it. Towards the end of the movie, since I knew about how long it was, I thought to myself, they'd better have one hell of an ending for me to understand what happens in the end. Lo and behold it does have one hell of an ending! The action scenes aren't as exciting as say a Terminator movie, but the plot and actual story more than makes up for it. The five actors are great together and really make this movie's name ironic. Look out especially for Benicio del Toro in the criminal lineup, he's hilarious. I don't understand how there CAN be flaws in the movie, considering that the ending changes everything...I've said enough.
B0000025F7|5.0|JOURNEY TO THE PAST: The year is the summer of '79 &amp; this is Michael Jackson's effort (aside from The Jacksons) as a full-grown, mature 21-year old.This is a record where you are able to listen to all of the songs without getting sick of them! The King of Pop still is one of the greatest singers/inspirations of our time. It should be essential in every music lover's collection...whether you like Mike or not. Buy this before it becomes hard to find! End of discussion.
B000000WJ2|3.0|On his third solo release, it's easy to see what guitarist Keith Richards brings to the Jagger/Richards songwriting partnership. The album is packed with the same type of from-the-gut, shake-your-butt chord progressions that have helped define the Rolling Stones' trademark sound for over thirty years. At the same time, \\"Main Offender\\" makes a strong case for why, at least in the case of Jagger and Richards vs. Jagger/Richards, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Even the playing of a crackerjack band can't hide the weaknesses of Richards' often meandering, languid songwriting style. Most of the songs on \\"Main Offender\\" check in at about 5 minutes, which is about a minute and a half too long for most of them. They lack the pop sensibility that Jagger would bring to them. Even \\"Main Offender's\\" best moments - the catchy &quot;Eileen,&quot; the Motown-influenced &quot;Hate It When You Leave,&quot; and the CD's hardest rocking cut - &quot;Bodytalks&quot; - would benefit from tighter editing.<br />That said, even Keith Richards on a bad day isn't all that bad. His whiskey-soaked vocal has a charm all its own, especially on the reggae number, &quot;Words Of Wonder,&quot; and his guitar playing is in top-notch form. The band is inspired - especially drummer Steve Jordan, who does his best Charlie Watts imitation throughout the set. When all is said and done, however, \\"Main Offender\\" proves that two Stones are better than one.
B000002GQE|5.0|This is the first Moody Blues album that I fell in love with. It is more than just the classics &quot;Tuesday Afternoon&quot; and &quot;Nights in White Satin&quot;. Every song on this album is perfectly situated to carry the mood of the album. I highly recommend this classic.
0783241542|3.0|Maybe it was just the rated edition, but I didnt find this peonage to the teenage pursuit of sex as all that shocking. In Pie, a bunch of high-school seniors lament their virginity and, with only three weeks to the senior prom, decide to pursue a crash course that will land them a sexual conquest. Spurred by the improbable carnal triumph of resident dweeb Chuck the Shermanator Sherman, our heroic group resort to drastic measures not to be left behind by graduation. Our heroes come from all walks of HS life  with Jason Biggs as the brilliant if sexually clue-less senior, Chris Scott and Seann William Scott as the jocks (with Scotts jock being the one with an undiscovered sensitive side), as well as a dark brainy type (wh may not even be interested in sex) and another kid (who looks suspiciously like Adrian Zmed) who isnt sure if what he wants is sex or love. Given their diverse backgrounds (can you say Breakfast Club) its not clear why these guys have anything to do with each other  all these guys have in common is sexual frustration and some unexplained need to perpetually drive each other into ever deeper bits of mass humiliation. The humiliating moments themselves arent all that shocking  Theres something About Mary had more surprises than this  and by the time weve gotten past one particular second of embarrassment, were already on our way for another. Even the famous scene involving sex and baked goods comes and goes before you know it.  There are few surprises here, and the end shows a surprisingly touching resolution (admittedly one that shows teenagers having sex, something I thought was illegal). Before then, the flick is still a lot of fun, with Biggs being the lightning rod for most of what goes wrong, and long-time SCTV favorite Eugene Levy getting in some good bits as Biggs befuddled father. By the end, the film is fun, but not terribly funny. Take it out when youre in the mood for something very light.
B00000IQC8|5.0|If you have EVER worked behind the counter, this movie is for you. Clerks is one of the funniest, best written movies I have ever seen. The comedy is so true to real life. I don't know how many times I thought to myself 'That is so true!' during the flick. This film is a must for any fans of Dogma, Mallrats, Chasing Amy, or Jay &amp; Silent Bob Strike Back. This is Episode I - where it all began.
0440234743|3.0|Seems like Grisham just got sick of writing this one and decided to abruptly end it. Still a pretty entertaining read.
0380973650|5.0|I pre-ordered American Gods and looked forward to it's arrival. I was NOT disappointed and read it twice. You don't have to be a Gaiman fan to like it. I'm a reader of all types of genre. It's hard to find a new book that's engrossing and has a good writing style. American Gods is a good read, worthy of your bookshelf and lives up to it's hype.
B00005AWMF|5.0|Sade is the best singer out there...period. Her voice is both soulful and soothing. This collection of greatest hits will always set one's minds at ease. Stand out tracks include &quot;Smooth Operator&quot;, &quot;Your Love is King&quot;, &quot;Sweetest Tabboo&quot;, and my personal favorite &quot;No Ordinary Love&quot;. Sade has had an amazing career and this greatest hits collection just gives you a small taste of what Sade has to offer.
0060916540|4.0|It took awhile for me to get into the book, and the gramatical changes take some getting used to; however, once the events began to unravel I couldn't put the book down. It is one of the most remarkable stories of survival.
B000002VMH|4.0|In my opinion, this is a good buy. I bought this CD to listen to the song &quot;Why&quot; and &quot;Little Bird&quot;, but I have found most of the songs to be good. I rate this CD highly.
0441172717|5.0|Well if not book definately series. This is an addictive series. a must for anyone who calls themselves a sci fi fan, and anyone who doesn't! This was very real and detailed. Frank Herbert really understands human nature. The only problem is that there are no sentient species. Odds are there would be at least one in the universe. Otherwise great book.
B00003CXGG|5.0|This movie is the bomb... not just because the most beatiful women in the world is in it.... but the action is superb, or how you spell it :)..... really love this movie and ofcourze Aaliyah.... And ALL my love goes out to everyone who knew her, family &amp; friends.. It really broke my heart to read/hear that she was killed in a planecrash on saturday 25 of august....... i really CANT believe its for real.... and damn i cried inside when i found out! god i love you Aaliyah... And im forever happy that i got the chance to meet her/you/shake her hand/autograf while i was in new york between the 10 &amp; 20 of july... where she did an is-store signing after being on TRL .... In new york city.. even had my picture taken with her... Truly will miss u and be thinking about her each every day of my life/forever!!! This was really the worst thing that could happen.. All my love from deep down inside....... and everyone... Much love from Mads (denmark
B000031WD9|4.0|What is this, some people out there actually gave this movie a bad review? Why? One person called it a bad example to teens. That it sends a message that it's bad to be a virgin. Please, give me a break. I'm tired of people blaming Movies for everything. This movie is funny. It entertains you. After all that's what a movie is supposed to do right? Entertain not send a message, that's why we have parents. Besides this movie has a big label on the cover which explains that this movie is intended for mature adiences only, you know the kind of audience that doesn't do something just cause a character does it on a movie or T.V. show. To all those haters out there get a life to everyone else own this DVD you won't regret it.
0064471837|5.0|A wonderful story of dark magic, and a beautifully pictured heroine. Sabriel deserves 5 stars plus for it's on you toes adventure and heart stoping romance. This book is one of my faves, and I've read it four times. A story of destiny, adventure, love, and death. In this story you will find out how to kill the all ready dead, and how to bring them back.
079073253X|5.0|This is a film that will stick in the mind of anyone who see's it. Jason Patric gives an excelent performance as Lorenzo, the main character and narrator, and Brad Pitt shows his usual class as Michael, the brains behind the manipulation of the law. Robert De Niro's flawless portrayal of Father Bobby is simply brilliant, and is one of the key's to this film's excellence. The young actors are every bit as good as their adult counterparts, with gripping performances from Joseph Perrino, Brad Renfro, Geoffrey Wigdor, and Jonathan Tucker. This film will shock you with its insight of boys' institution's amd the horror that these young boys were subjected too. If this story is indeed true, which we will never know for sure, then it shows us the brutality hiden deep in the concience of the guards, and in the fear of the victims. The story revolves around four friends from the town of Hells Kitchen, who pull a prank on a street vendor which goes wrong and they end up killing a man. The four are sentenced to time in &quot;The Wilkinson Home For Boys&quot; where they are subjected to routine sexual assaults by the very people supposed to look after them (Kevin Bacon, Terry Kinney). Two of the boys become hardened criminals, and upon seein 'Nokes'(Bacon) in their local bar they shoot him dead. From here the film becomes a legal drama, whereby the other two of the boys work to help their friends get away with their act of revenge. This hardhitting drama is one which you will not forget, and will want to watch again and again.
B00004X01U|5.0|This album is better than &quot;Ray of Light.&quot; It's one of the few albums I can listen to in its entirety. Every track is good. I believe this is her best work to date.
B00005LMBK|5.0|If you are looking for a CD full of songs like Clint Eastwood, with smooth beats, intelligent rap lyrics, and an infectious hook, then you should look elsewhere. If you like music that pushes the envelope, and is delightful and new everytime it is in your cd player, then you should definatly pick this up. Even though Del tha Funkee Homosapien is only on 2 tracks, this defiantly has an underground hip-hoppy feel throughout the whole album, mostly due to Dan the Automater Nakamura. It seems as if each song has so many different aspects to it, its not a question of best song, but best part, and for me that would be the beginning of M1 A1, with a horror movie voice repeating HELLO? IS ANYONE THERE? over and over. The whole CD transgresses all varities of music, and does each one expertly. I am reminded of everyone from the Beatles to Eric B. (who's still president).<BR>I highly recommend this CD for all fans of MUSIC, i.e. not anyone signed to Jive and I look forward to the TV show.
B00005BCNC|5.0|Do you ever dream of being trapped on a desert island with someone you love? How about escaping to one by yourself? Do you dream of walking on beaches and digging your toes in the sand. Well, don't wish for it if you are on a plane over the ocean. Do you wonder what it would take to survive? Would you go insane being all by yourself or would you enjoy the solitude?<br /><br />While some say this movie was too long and tested their patience level, it is a journey all on its own into the mind of a survivor. Is there an actor out there who can compare to Tom Hanks? I would rather watch Tom Hanks drink coconut milk for hours than to have to endure some of the acting we have to watch in other movies. Tom becomes his character to such an extent I was a bit worried I would forget I was watching Tom Hanks! His transformation from the time-obsessed Fed Ex Chuck No\\"land\\" to the primal \\"land\\"locked survivor blew my mind.<br /><br />At first the movie was slower, then the intensity of Chuck Noland almost scared me. He was obsessed with staying on time and I just wanted to say: \\"Buddy, take a vacation.\\" Well, I guess he did. ;> This movie has all the elements of great storytelling and adventure.<br /><br />First Noland gets thrown into a completely opposite situation that what he is used to. He is no longer in control and must deal with the elements and learn to be one with nature. Not only does Survivor Noland make creative use of the contents of packages that wash up on the beach, he has to decide he is going to live to see his girlfriend (Helen Hunt, who was perfect for the role). Hope, creativity, perseverance and basic survival instincts keep him alive.<br /><br />Chuck is a man who can't sit still for 10 minutes and now he has to make friends with years of solitude and a volleyball (very funny look on his face when he is trying to create fire and the volleyball is hanging out watching him). Did I get bored? No way....although, I kept thinking a shark was going to appear at some point. The spear fishing was pretty cool especially when he is out fishing from his raft in the open water. Tom does some hilarious things. I was laughing out loud so many times during the \\"silent\\" times. Really, he does talk during the times everyone says he is so silent, it is just a monologue and not dialogue. You almost feel you are on the island yourself. I became that absorbed at some points. He makes very creative use out of ice skates (axe) and a dress (fishing net). There are subtle messages throughout the movie I was picking up on. Like when he takes off his watch right before the plane crashes. It is symbolic of him leaving his hurried world.<br /><br />This was a very thoughtful movie. You get to imagine what Tom is thinking and also when you watch it at home, you can talk about various aspects, like...what would you do? The aspect of \\"character\\" was very prevalent. If you watched this movie in the theatres, you might have missed out on a great movie experience. I say this because half the fun of this movie is talking about it while you are watching it. Normally it is like pulling teeth to get my husband to watch a movie with me at home and I can rarely get him to take me to a movie. Most of the time it is because of a lack of selection and movie content we are not interested in. This was different.<br /><br />Not only does this movie have romance (for me), it had great \\"real man\\" adventure for him. There are parts in this movie that will just make you laugh out loud. It is our 6th anniversary and my husband actually watched this entire movie with me. We were totally intrigued, discussed all sorts of things as the movie progressed and really had a great time watching this movie. You will not be casting away any time watching this movie. You will be giving yourself the gift of escape.<br /><br />The ending encourages you to use your imagination, but everyone can guess what will happen. An exotic location, gorgeous cinematography and a must for the unrushed viewer.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
B00000JPYQ|4.0|Strangers in the night is Micheal Schenker's best recording with UFO. From his blindingly fast sixteenth-note runs in &quot;Mother Mary&quot; to the dramatic sting bending break in &quot;Love to Love&quot; to his magnificent 10 minute lead blitz in &quot;Rock Bottom,&quot; Schenker set his Flying V on fire with his formula for heavy melodic guitar: swift modal runs, twenty-second fret string bends, wah-wah effects, and heavy doses of emotion and drama. Few guitar players of the decade could rival his clean,fast picking and melodic modal phrases. Within the context of heavy metal guitar, this album is a masterpiece.
B000001ESF|5.0|After three albums and a hefty touring schedule in only two years, Rush finally hit their creative apex (up to this point) with their 1976 breakthrough classic 2112. Although not Rush's strongest recording, the album brought the pioneering progressive trio their first commercial success and started a chain reaction of great albums that remains unmatched in rock and roll. Greatest rock drummer of all time Neil Peart's fascination with the philosophies of Ayn Rand finally paid off with the massive title track &quot;2112,&quot; a 20-minute seven-part opus that has been constantly duplicated but never equaled. All of the stuff Rush did in the early '70s comes full circle on &quot;2112&quot;: Geddy Lee's high-pitched, screaming vocals; Alex Lifeson's mix of raucous guitar riffs and melodic interludes; and Neil Peart's interesting sci-fi lyrics. In the full 20 minutes, the song tells the story of an ordinary man living in a futuristic society run by the priests of the Solar Federation. In the society, you can't speak your mind and you just have the follow the same patterns. The young man goes to a waterfall and finds a guitar and is astonished that he can play his own music. He shows it to the priests, but they despise him and break the guitar right in front of him! Learning that there is no room for individualism, the hero decides to commit suicide--just in time, as an army takes over the society and gets rid of the priests for good. Everything about this 20-minute epic is great. Rush shows us a blockbuster movie in half the time. There's the famous &quot;Overture/The Temples of Syrinx&quot; medley, the soft and soothing &quot;Discovery&quot;; the bombastic &quot;Grand Finale,&quot; etc. Nothing more needs to be said. The sad thing is that the remaining five tracks are often overlooked in favor of the epic. My favorite of the other songs is &quot;Something for Nothing,&quot; a fiery rocker which proves why Rush were one of the great hard rock bands in this era. &quot;Lessons,&quot; a song penned by Alex Lifeson, is another good one with its back-and-forth acoustic melodies, huge riffing, and surprisingly good lyrics. Overall, 2112 is a phenomenal album in its own right and deserves all the attention it gets, but Rush would get even better--and even more complex--on the follow-up A FAREWELL TO KINGS.
0027164403|5.0|This book is not only interesting for my toddler daughter, it is very sturdy as well. The flaps are very well constructed and have withheld the test of time from when she was only 6 months old. This book was also a great book for her to learn the names of animals through anticipation. We both love this book!
B00005NKKZ|5.0|The new remaster of &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot; finally puts this CD on a pedestal it rightly deserves. The new remastering, by Bob Irwin, captures all of the subtleties and bombast of the original LP issue - moreso than the 1996-vintage MasterSound or 1999-vintage Millennium Collection CDs. The sound is rich, vibrant, and full of life. Each song breathes in a most organic way - from the light samba of &quot;So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright&quot; to the climax of the title track, to the thump of &quot;Cecilia,&quot; this remastering can be accurately called THE BEST EVER. The new 2001 remasters of the Simon &amp; Garfunkel catalog are long overdue. That said, the new discs are stunning, and worth the purchase.
B00005B5L4|5.0|Rumours' place in history is already established. Just the album with no frills is terrific. It's only natural that this deluxe version is even more awesome. I love the sound quality - oh my goodness, the guitar on the Chain...as if it wasn't already rocking enough on the album! It's totally unbelievable here, you go, Lindsey! Silver Springs, of course, is on here, too, and it is so much more satisfying than the plain old version on The Chain boxed set. The intensity of the song really comes out. Admittedly, it's not as powerful as the live version. Really, all the songs rock hard, you won't be disappointed. The interviews are also fascinating. Lindsey says some nice stuff about Silver Springs - surprising LOL. I also like the production talk which you don't hear to much, and the usually quiet John adding a bit here and there, joking around with Mick, even. Having the interviews over instrumentals was a nice touch. The only way this could have been better is if they showed them talking as opposed to just the voices, but maybe that's hard to do on DVD audio, I don't know. I do know that I adore this, as will anyone who enjoys good music.
0380973464|4.0|An interesting romp through a tri-planar storyline that bridges the gaps between three generations of cypherpunks. A very entertaining novel that pulls the reader along in a rythmic, sectioned fashion that makes the lack of a reasonable denouement completely unproblematic. The characters are strong, independant and quite well developed, although the WWII Waterhouse character bore an odd resemblance to the protagonist in Gravity's Rainbow (Thomas Pynchon). This may however be the product of some phantasmagorical flight of fancy of my imagination. This book is full of fascinating insights into the myriad connections between math, art, life and adventure, in fact one can get lost in the general &quot;timbre&quot; of the novel and forget about the story, following in rapture the characters' development and the many logico-mathematical subplots. This book is also very stylish in its composition and well executed (except for the silly, unsatisfying ending). However, unsatisfying endings appear to be part and parcel of the Neal Stephenson literary universe (viz. &quot;Snow Crash&quot; and &quot;The Diamond Age&quot;). The good part is that the rest of the novel is so engrossing and the nature of the storytelling so modular that the ending doens't really matter. I have read this novel twice and recommended it to my friends and students.
0812550706|5.0|Unbelievably good. Unlike most SF, this one will get you in your heart, as well as your mind. It's just about the perfect novel. Start with: Ender Wiggin. A child bred for military intelligence and empathy, his abilities and his emotions wrestle throughout the novel. His job: Save the world from an alien race intent on destroying earth. Add: His brilliant yet sadistic brother, Peter, his brilliant yet overly emotional sister, Valentine, who plot to take over the world. Add: The Battle School -- a brutal, ascetic environment in space for training 5-year-olds on up how to become space commanders. Add: An unbelievable cast of child-warriors, with emotions so real, so visceral that you will remember them for all time. Add: A plot that starts off great, and keeps accelerating until it reaches a crescendo -- with a twist. Add: All this told by a master storyteller unmatched in his ability to mold the conventions of hard sci-fi with complex, rich characters that never feel like cardboard cutouts. After reading this novel the first time, I felt exhilarated and drained. Then I read it again. It was that good. Read the rest of the novels in the series, too, although they get progressively weaker. Ender's Shadow, however, is more on a par with Ender's Game. This is my favorite SF novel ever. I can't give it any higher recommendation.
0316776963|3.0|This collection of humorous essays is a bit more uneven than David Sedaris's previous ones (Naked, Barrel Fever), and that's why it merits just 3 stars. Sedaris is at his best here when he recalls his experiences as an American living in Paris. Skip right to part &quot;deux,&quot; if you want, and let the hilarity begin.
158234082X|5.0|the young chef i handed this book off to, couldn't put it down, i didn't know anything about a chef's kitchen but i felt as if i were there on his journey! i know NEVER to order a steak Well Done &amp; not to ask if that is fresh bread! i really enjoyed this book because of the behind the scences/workings of a chef's kitchen &amp; that i felt that i was working next to him
0553275569|5.0|This is a witty, fun read about the early space program, the Mercury 7 astronauts, and Chuck Yeager. Even if you are not a fan of Tom Wolfe's fiction, you will appreciate how he brings just the right mix of sarcasm and awe to his subject matter.
6301763041|5.0|It was funny, I liked it alot. I laught alot, It made me pee my pants lol! lol! lol!
0380788624|5.0|This is one hell of a story. Somehow, Stephenson weaves a World War II plot about breaking German codes with a twentieth-century plot about a group of would-be entrepreneurs setting up an off-shore &quot;data haven.&quot; Did I mention buried treasure was involved? Yes its almost 1,000 pages long, but the story will make you feel smart and entertain you as well.
B00004U28G|5.0|For starters, this DVD looks great. The anamorphic print looks crisp and the colors are rich. The sound is very good, but not awesome. About as good as you can expect from this era. And after all these years Cannonball Run is still very funny. I forgot Jackie Chan was even in the movie, so that was a pleasant surprise. Burt Reynolds and Dom Deluise play well off each other, as do Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. It was fun to watch Roger Moore spoof his James Bond persona, which almost got him and this film in hot water. Listen to the commentary track to find out more. I like this movie enough that I wanted to buy Cannonball Run II, Smokey and the Bandit or even Hooper. But, I found all of them were full screen, mono sound DVD's, so I'll just have to wait to see if any of these are upgraded.
B00005J73X|5.0|While I never would have previously given Bon Jovi a moment's consideration (let alone a place in my CD collection), something has shifted in the great vortex of my musical understanding: I love this album! Perhaps it's the live, incredibly energetic renditions of these songs, much of the best of Bon Jovi (&quot;Living on a Prayer&quot;, &quot;You Give Love a Bad Name&quot;, etc.) and a couple of interesting covers (Neil Young's &quot;Rockin' in the Free World&quot; and the Boomtown Rats' &quot;I Don't Like Mondays&quot; - featuring Bob Geldof on vocals). Or, maybe I'm just experiencing a mid-life crisis. Somehow, when I play this disc I feel like I can relate to the primal side of adolescent maleness, the one that is expressed through the shaking of a fist while screaming oneself hoarse. In language that speaks of love lost, gained, lost again, regained, and the union going on strike on top of everything else. Surely, Bon Jovi isn't the only band to explore this landscape, and they may not even be one of the best bands to have done it. But one listen to 'One Wild Night' will demonstrate to even the most snobbish of music fans what it means to have a good time while doing it. If you, like me, were raised by parents who thought the best way for a confused, angry teen to get out his frustrations was through a chain-gang style weekend of yard work in the glaring August sun - allow yourself a measure of better-late-than-never rebellion in the form of blasting this CD at top volume, and then telling the neighbors where to go when they complain.
0345442989|1.0|It doesn't appear to me that James Luceno could write his way out of a paper bag. There is no neato Science Fiction in this novel. It is almost as if someone gave the guy a template for a story, told him.. &quot;This is what must happen, how you make it happen is your business..&quot; and he started writing. The book reads like a term paper in the Star Wars universe. We never get a glimpse in depth to the motivation of Qui Gon or Obi Wan. Why are they Jedis? Why do they consider certain people their nemesis? Why bother? Any of the short stories included in any of the TALES FROM: series of Star Wars book offered more characterization, more neato Sci Fi gadgets and ideas, and more alien cultures and even more PLOT than this novel. This book just clearly bored me to tears and I was disappointed in it. It answered no real burning questions and offered no great revelations. There was no compelling reason to like either Qui Gon or Obi Wan or even to cheer them on.
B00005J6UP|5.0|Let it be a suggestion for other DVD releases, the reunion and commentary by the cast made an excellent addition to a great movie. It was fun to feel like you were sitting around with the cast while they remarked on scenes and recollections of the film. This is by far one of the best DVD packages put together so far due to the inclusion of a making of, the commentary, and the Cindi Lauper video. Great nostalgia.
0060392886|5.0|When I first heard of this book being published, I HAD to get my hands on it! Let me just say that it is definitely WORTH EVERY PENNY! I couldn't put it down and finished it in less than a weekend. I've always been a huge fan of the Crue, since attending my first concert in July 1987 (the Girls Girls Girls tour). This book has everything you could possibly want (or not want) to know about these guys. I used to think Mick was a standoffish mean &quot;old guy&quot; until I read his words explaining his disease. I used to think Vince's only reason for living was getting laid, until I read the chapter about Skylar. I used to think that Nikki was a loser junkie with no feelings until I read about him finding his long-lost sister Lisa...and her dying before he had a chance to meet her. I used to think Tommy was a wife-beating immature freak until I read what really went down between him and Pamela (fueled by stir-fry for dinner). This book really opened my eyes to the story behind the Crue. What made them rise to the top of the punk-dominated music scene of the early 80s. What has kept them on top of the heavy-metal music scene ever since. They have truly proven themselves as a force to be reckoned with and you have to admire their brutal honesty throughout the whole book. They don't even come close to the usual &quot;put-me-on-a-pedestal-and-bow-because-I-am-a-Rock-God&quot; mentality. Throughout the book they call themselves &quot;losers&quot; and &quot;junkies&quot; and show how their emotions got the best of them in many situations, proving they are actually human and not untouchable machines. I gained a complete new respect for these four guys and after reading this book, you're missing something if you don't feel the same way.
B000002TQB|4.0|As an Oasis fan, I'm not supposed to like this album. And after buying it (finally) I did think the songs were sort of slow and a bit too relaxed. (Evidently the Gallagher boys influenced my opinion of the British sound.) Yet after a few turns, I really fell for this album. Just throw it on and let it go. Oh, to live 1994 over again when Parklife and Defintely Maybe came out in the same year! Wow! Only 4 stars because I really can't stand Girls &amp; Boys. Terrible. Grating. I don't understand why everybody loves this song so much!
B00003CXHJ|1.0|I shall keep it short and sweet, like I wish the makers of this movie had kept it. fiction at it's worst, weak acting, modern day producers cannot make war movies, compare this to the likes of 'where eagles dare' and you can see how weak this actually is. I kept Took for ages to get going and when it did (well, sort of ) it was just a rehash of other movies, the hunt for red october was far better I hear they are now making a movie about colditz the infamous german POW camp with as usual american heroes and yet none actually managed to escape from the real thing
B000002MUW|5.0|I think that this album is one of her best. Its definitely different from all the other albums she has put out. My personal favorites are Forbbiden Love and Love Tried to Welcome me. If you really like Madonna, then this is one you should have in your collection.
0140072187|5.0|This book starts off as a story about a private passion, and takes us through Mason's classes learning to fly helicopters. From there it turns into a novel like Conrads &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot;. The book takes you deeper and deeper in small incremental steps until at the end you glimpse the personal private hell of one mans vision of war. When I put the book down I literally gasped. Mason drops you in so fast you just don't see it coming. The transition is brilliant and effective. Mason really makes you see his inner soul in a way I have never seen before. And because he takes you with him in his joyous flights from training school to the war in Vietnam, you are still with him when he falls down hard on his return. A great book if you like helicopters, even better if you don't like helicopters.
B00003CXSP|4.0|I don't understand how this movie got such a overhyped image for being &quot;unusally grusome&quot; &quot;should be rated x&quot; &quot;Unusually gory&quot; This is rediculous,people have to remember this is a story about a serial killer,not Barney,not Mary Poppins. Yes there is Gore in this movie,but it all fits into the character of Hannibal Lecter,and I feel isn't unnessisary. I found the movie to be actually quite good,Lecter uctually comes off more humanized,in this sequel then in silence.Obviously the fact that Lecter is locked up for most of Silence limits the amount of gore,compared to this sequel. Point being it's a very good,compelling movie,and if the plot of serial killers is too hot to handle,stay out of the kitchen.
B00003XB8K|4.0|This album is a change from what I normally listen to. The tracks are deep and relaxing. You could describe it as world music. Hightlights include the single &quot;Gravity Of Love&quot; as well as &quot;Silence Must Be Heard&quot; which is more upbeat and has more impact than the other songs. Both tracks feature vocals by Ruth-Ann from the group Olive. &quot;Push The Limits&quot; is the other single, and like many of the tracks features spoken female vocals. This CD is definitely interesting and I'm sure if you like this kind of think, you'll like The Screen Behind The Mirror, but apart from a few stand out tracks, it is a little too deep.
B000002U9L|5.0|This is one of the best soundtracks that I have heard. It truly follows the movie closely. I can hear a song and know extactly what scene is being played. If you have ever seen this movie, then you will know what I am talking about. Their are several songs on this cd that are so beatiful. Of course, the entire cd is beautiful, but here are the songs that I think people will recognize the most: As The World Falls Down, Magic Dance, Thirteen O'Clock, Chilly Down, and Within You. As The World Falls Down, Thirteen O'Clock, and Within You are lovely, huanting melodies, while Magic Dance and Chilly Down are upbeat, move your feet tunes. This is even a cd that you want mind playing around your children.
B000003TA4|5.0|What do you want? I can answer that. I have a practical answer for that: &quot;The drugs power, but not using drugs&quot;. And Nirvana could tell you something about that. If you don't have a song, you can use a Nirvana's song (it was made for you), it is like a person, like a lover: every new day you can sing it better, and both will grow together. Nirvana can teach you how to treat a song.
B00003CXSP|5.0|HANNIBAL (2001, R= Strong Gruesome Violence, Brief Profanity, Gore, Disturbing Images, and Sexual Dialogue) The Cast: ANTHONY HOPKINS, GARY OLDMAN, JULIANNE MOORE, RAY LIOTTA and FRANCESCA NERI. The Genre: Horror/Drama/Romance/Sequel The Plot: Ten years after the prison breakage of Dr. Hannibal Lecter, Lecter is now walking the streets of Italy freely under the name of Dr. Fell. When Clarice Starling receives a letter from him, she begins tracking him down. But an Italian Inspector Pazzi has already discovered Lecter's hideout, and disgusted face Mason Verger wants his revenge upon the doc. The silence has now been broken. What Works: An edgy suspenseful story line with great performances from ANTHONY HOPKINS, RAY LIOTTA, and questionably GARY OLDMAN. The ending is absolutely unforgettable! Ridley Scott's crafting and weave of suspense and almost unbelievable romance works nicely. What Doesn't: The strongest and most sickening gore you've ever seen to bring a new light to the Dr. Lecter story, showing you something you've never seen before. Also, Julianne Moore's replacing of Jodie Foster as Clarice, which tears down the film's credibility. Reality Check: ANTHONY HOPKINS still has that spine tingling charge in him, which makes him still the scariest actor ever, and brings Lecter to new heights. And while, the romance is somewhat believable, it just doesn't make sense to me in my mind in the type of film it is. The Catch: Children will have nightmares for months if they see this film. And for those of you who are sensitive to gore, you may need to bring a crate full of vomit bags, because the end will make you gag to death! OVERALL: &quot;This spine tingling, worthy sequel to THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS is extremely well done with great performances, and features Academy Award worthy directing. This sequel is one that actually lives up to what the original was and still is.&quot;
B00005J9U1|4.0|Let me start by saying that this is a very good CD. Marley's music remains as powerful and relevant today as it was 20 years ago. As many have mentioned, this album is a wonderful introduction to his music, and could replace &quot;Legend&quot; as the staple of the casual reggae fan's collection. All of Marley's most famous songs are represented here, as are a couple of lesser known ones. However, this CD could have been much better. Instead of breaking new ground, it mainly rehashes the same over-played songs from &quot;Legend.&quot; If you have the earlier record, there is little reason to buy this one. (By the way, if you have &quot;Legend&quot; and are ready to explore more Marley, I recommend starting with &quot;Exodus,&quot; &quot;Uprising&quot; and/or &quot;Babylon By Bus.&quot;) Where is &quot;Them Belly Full&quot;? Where is &quot;Zion Train&quot;? Frankly, I found this to be a somewhat lazy compilation of Bob Marley's work. Solid, but nothing worth getting excited about.
B00003CXTG|5.0|PEARL HARBOR (2001, PG-13= War Violence, Some Language, Brief Sexual Content, and Images of Wounded) The Cast: BEN AFFLECK, KATE BECKINSALE, ALEC BALDWIN, JOSH HARTNETT, CUBA GOODING JR., TOM SIZEMORE, JON VOIGHT and COLM FEORE. The Genre: War/Drama/Action/Romance The Plot: After Rafe McCawley (Affleck) is sent off to fight for the British, his first love, Evelyn, (Beckinsale) and best friend, Danny, are sent off to Pearl Harbor. After hearing news of Rafe's death, Evelyn and Danny find a love for each other. When Rafe returns, only to find that the two are together, the bomb drops on Dec. 7th, 1941. What Works: Great war sequences, very believable special effects, fun acting, great romance and emotional ties. What Doesn't: Big Hollywood names being used briefly as minor supporting roles which aren't really focused on at all. This is another one of those films that uses a historical event as a backdrop for a love affair, and romance. This film also, obviously tried to copy a lot of the momentum and success of TITANIC, of course because the producers even said it will be the next TITANIC type film, and uses a lot of the same events and same emotional aspect. Reality Check: We should all know that there was no such romance caught up in Pearl Harbor, and that there wasn't any Rafe McCawley, Danny Walker or Evelyn Stewart, and that Danny and Rafe never shot down all of those planes. However, the characters of JON VOIGHT, CUBA GOODING JR., and ALEC BALDWIN are real, as is a lot of the war events of the attack- which are true. The Catch: Much of this film is expected, being it's a lot like TITANIC, but the film is very good. For those of you who don't like watching big love affairs caught up in major historical events- you may be disappointed with this one. OVERALL: &quot;This great summer blockbuster is one to treasure, having sweeping romance, breathtaking action and an extremely emotional and impacting story line! This is the real PEARL HARBOR at its best! The MichaelBay/Jerry Bruckheimer team is triumphant!&quot;
B000002JS6|5.0|Though Back in Black turns 21 years old this month (August 2001), it still rocks harder than all the other contemporary rock albums do. Every track hits the bulls-eye. Even the lesser known (and yes, by the way, there are more than just 3 good songs on this album. More than just 'Shoot to Thrill,' 'Back in Black,' and 'You Shook Me All Night Long')songs hit the spot every time. Brian Johnson is an excellent replacement for Bon Scott. Both singers' voices *are* rock and roll: savage, neanderthal, and totally overtaken with testosterone. And every riff from the Young brothers is superb. Meanwhile, in the rhythm section Cliff Williams and Phil Rudd add meat and texture to the music and makes it three-dimensional, something you can sink you teeth into. All in all, everything about this album is great. AC/DC is the quintesential metal band in every way and this album is a perfect reason why.
B00004XOWM|1.0|You know you've reached the pinnacle of musical hypocrisy when you have a VP from Interscope Records rapping a carefully packaged and commerciallized &quot;angry young man&quot; line. Overhyped, overplayed and way way overrated. Don't quit your day job Fred.
B000002L42|4.0|well even though i think there are some valid complaints about this cd, lets face it ..its still steely dan (with Dennis Chambers on drums no less!!!) so its still better than 90 percent of stuff out there!!!
0684869713|3.0|.......or that evil. Those of you that have read this book will know what I mean. Those of you that have not, will find out. Let me first say that you should read this book, it is a very good story. It differs greatly from &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot;, however, in that there is not one single human being in &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; that one could look up to. Howard Rourks ideals are simply too lofty to be taken seriously (remember that this is just a novel and as such Ms. Rand can take all the leeway she wishes. Superman is a fictional hero also). The rest of the charactors are so evil that they too are beyond belief. In &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot; one could truly admire the strength of the charactors and grab with both hands their struggle against others who felt the world owed them everything as their destiny. I do suggest that you give this a try. But, don't say that I did not warn you.
B00003CXSP|5.0|Except for the first 15 minutes, which has a stock police shootout, Hannibal is totally engrossing and never predictable. There are even a few moments of genuine suspense. Anthony hopkins is superb. I can't imagine anyone else in the role. Gary oldham is also outstanding. There is a little gore. But I actually think this movie is less graphic than the first one. I found the subject matter of Silence of the lambs too disgusting. The ending is a genuine shocker and I kept looking at the screen wondering, how did they do that? A great movie.
B000002MG1|5.0|REM is an amazing band, and this album definately set standards for all of their following albums. If you aren't a big fan but like the catchier tunes, get this one. If you like their more innovative songs, then I'd recommend &quot;New Adventures in Hi-Fi&quot; Either way you won't be disappointed.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Extremely hilarious! People of all ages will surely enjoy this digitally enhanced animation. Aside from the humor, the romance adds spice to the fairy tale story of Shrek &amp; Princess Fiona. Pardon me, but I really have to mention that I am pleasantly surprised with the twist at the end (ok, will not tell for those who still have not seen yet). Moreover, there is the age-old lesson or golden rule of not judging a book by its cover (or an ogre by its appearance).
0805062971|5.0|This novel is incredible just like all of Chuck Palahniuk novels. Highly recommend it to all readers.
B000000H3Z|5.0|well i had this album for 10 years by now on vinyl ,i only bought this edition for the bonus tracks. let me try a different aproach in my review because i know it by heart : YOU DON'T NEED TO SKIP ANY TRACK THERE ISN'T ONE MOMENT LOST OR SHOW OFFS BY ANYONE .THIS IS A BAND NOT 4 GUYS PLAYING BY THEMSELVES OR SHOWING OFF HOW SKILLED THEY ARE.THEY DON'T NEED ACOUSTIC GUITARS OR BALLADS TO DO IT .IT'S HELL FROM BEGINING TO THE END. oh and don't think that this remastered version has made me writing this .nope.i just got so sick and tired of all these nu metal heads and i dug it up.yeah after more than 10 years IT'S STILL THERE.
B000002HAF|4.0|Surfer Rosa, the first proper Pixies album, represents the blueprint for a lot of 90s alt-rock music that was to come afterwards. To begin with, Nirvana, possibly the biggest rock band of the 90s, have an undeniable Pixies influence. Yet when we come back and listen to Surfer Rosa afresh is it neither over-ambitious or a record intented as a classic. The Pixies simply wanted to make music. And boy, did they do that. Frank Black (Black Francis) takes his own vocal style and Joey Santiago's trademark guitars, and the addition of Kim's vocals puts a great twist on their early alt-rock grunge sound. Also worth a definate mention are David Lovering's drums. So that'd be the whole band. Oh yeah, the Pixies are mould together well. And they're also a band with universal appeal. A lot of my friends, many of which who like different types of music, love the Pixies. They unite us all. One little complaint is that Frank Black's vocals are a little quiet on some tracks. But on such classics as 'Where Is My Mind' and 'Gigantic' the music is way too good for that to touch it. The former, of course, has made the younger generation aware of the Pixies from its use in the movie 'Fight Club', and its certainly a good introduction to them, with its building sound, chilling backing vocals and twangy yet driving guitars, although it may be a bit over-commercial, too formulaic and not avant-garde enough to represent the album fully. Other standout tracks include Break My Body, Tony's Theme and I'm Amazed, as well as the very cool closer Brick Is Red. For some unknown reason I really like hearing the two singers talking at the beggining. Some tracks on Surfer Rosa are a bit short; but this is to be expected from an album of grungy noise-blasts, and to be honest, its too cool to really complain.
B00005MAM2|3.0|Never Americanized a Japanese classic animation as they did in this new version. This would be the perfect edition but due to the fact that the new english dialogue made me want to throw up, I had to say If your a real Akira fan and has follow it's history since it's uprising, you would our already know which is a better version of Akira. Settle for the 1st translated edition then this new piece of work. But if your a hardcore anime collector it's a joy.
B00003CXDD|5.0|This classic tale of good vs. evil has it all. Action, comedy, love and adventure. Like most fans of this classic tale I have waited (not too patiently!) for its release on DVD. This is a must see!
044022425X|5.0|I was enthralled with the Outlander series. So much so that I didn't want it to end. I read the first three without blinking but as I came to the fourth, I knew the end of the series was near. I put down the book half way through because if I didn't finish it, the characters would stay alive in my mind. I waited over a year - reliving the story in my head and still not wanting it to end. I finally picked up the book and late last night, and read the last pages. Now that I've finished, I'm hoping there will be a fifth book. I'd love to hear of any other recommendations for books similar to these.
0780625129|5.0|This movie was great. Everyone should see this movie for it will change his or her life. I don't think I need to analyze the movie for you or keep telling you how good it is. The movie was not about NAZIs so it did not go indepth into their ideals. The movie was not about solving the problems of illegal immigration or solving the problems of our prisons. The movie was more about how racism is rooted in ignorance and hate. It is about how families in America are being torn apart. It is about the ills of racism and hate. It is about how people CAN change when they realize that ignorance is NOT bliss. That is my rant. Ignorance is horrible, and is the cause of many problems in our country and around the world. Hopefully one day everyone will realize that all kinds are equal.
0425163407|2.0|These characters are becoming disturbingly one-dimensional. Benton Wesley may as well be made of cardboard, Lucy is all attitude and intellect, with nothing left to make her human and loveable to a reader, and Kay has utterly lost her poise, self-reliance, quick and sure judgement, and all the other qualities that made us want to BE her in the first few Scarpetta novels. Marino never was complex, so he has changed the least. Not that it's ever been credible to me that he became a police captain! I stuck with this because I wanted to confirm my early suspicions about the sort-of parallel plots -- and I was right. Too bad...
B000006NPY|5.0|I have &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; and love it. But after listening to both cds, you're worn out (for me at least) and you just want to decompress. The tracks on &quot;Adore&quot; are not hard at all. It's very mellow and that's one of the reasons why I love it.
0380973650|5.0|This is so brilliant. I hate that it ends. I am mad about Neil Gaiman, he is superlative. Buy everything he's ever writen, then buy it all for your best friend.
B000002N2Z|5.0|If you like underground hardcore music and you live in a mudhole rivercity named Sacramento, Deftones \\"Adrenaline\\" is ancient history. What has leaked onto M2 in the late 90's and finally into mainstream MTV has become the pride and joy of this... city. Yet their older records are \\"movin on up\\" with them. Adrenaline has become one of the most important records to help give birth to a genre that has murdered the word \\"Grunge\\" from the mouths of babes at the local record store and choked the life out of the word \\"Alternative\\". You will always have your \\"Saliva\\" and your \\"P.O.D.\\" type bands trying to follow along to cultural phenoms like these. Most of the time these bands are assembled by record companys much the same way Limp Bizkit was, but it looks like California has plenty more where that came from. Whatever the case my be, Rap has Public Enemy and LL Cool J, and this new genre has Rage Against the Machine and the Deftones. If you are interested in \\"Adrenaline\\" based on \\"TRL\\" hype, come no further, but if you are ready to experience the raw, bloody screams of breech birth to hardcore music......show your I.D. to the guy on the stool and buy \\"Adrenaline\\".
B00003CXSP|1.0|This movie is simply foul, with a poor storyline and grotesque visualizations. Pick up the Silence of the Lambs for a good thriller, but pass this one up if you plan on eating anything in the next two weeks.
6305657947|5.0|This movie is great.  It's got action, romance, humor, adventure, great music, an intriguing plot, and it's very sexy. A great movie.
0802133347|5.0|\\"But when he had done his slow, cautious beating of his bounds -- it was nearly a five mile walk -- he was tired. He went to the top of the knoll and looked out. There was no sound save the noise, the faint shuffling noise from Stacks Gate Colliery, that never ceased working; and there were hardly any lights, save the brilliant electric rows at the works. The world lay darkly and fumily sleeping. It was half-past two. But even in its sleep it was an uneasy, cruel world, stirring with the noise of a train or some great lorry on the road, and flashing with some rosy lightening-flash from the furnaces. It was a world of iron and coal, the cruelty of iron and the smoke of coal, and the endless, endless greed that drove it all. Only greed, greed stirring in its sleep. \\"It was cold, and he was coughing. A fine cold draught blew over the knoll. He thought of the woman. Now he would have given all he had or ever might have to hold her warm in his arms, both of them wrapped in one blanket, and sleep. All hopes of eternity and all gain from the past he would have given to have her there, to be wrapped warm with him in one blanket, and sleep, only sleep. It seemed the sleep with the woman in his arms was the only necessity.\\" - D.H. Lawrence <br />As the coal dust settles over everything and everyone, a woman comes into her own as a woman, and comes to the realization that she despises her arrogant, manipulative husband. The woman begins to long for a child. Her husband, wounded in the war and unable to use his legs, perhaps sensing this longing, has turned into a whining and very demanding child. And in the universal way that these things work, the more he insecurely demandsof her, the more she is repulsed by him. There is a gatekeeper on the estate, and one can well conclude by the title of the book what happens. Begun in 1926, and set in the coal fields of Industrial Age England, this work takes one on a very intimate visit within the class system of that country. It contains a deep, thoughtful examination of English cultures and roots, as well as the values and rules within those various classes and how they intersect and interact within themselves. It is a trip to another time and place which seems altogether too familiar, too unresolved in its issues, and in the structures, restrictions, rules, and cultural foundations. The history of this book is as interesting as the chronicle contained therein. <br />Originally published in Italy, complete with misspellings, it contained \\"shocking words\\" which, along with the subject matter of the book, caused it to be banned in English speaking countries until some court decisions allowed it to be printed. This happened in the U.S. in l959. After completion of the reading of this book, it was interesting to contemplate what had to change in order for this work to be published. This book was a significant factor in the pushing of the envelope in terms of \\"shocking words\\" which are not altogether shocking anymore, because they are ubiquitous.  And yet, even though the words, as well as the issues presented in this work no longer cause a violent backlash, the drama is still entirely familiar and very easily understood. It's a cause for one to contemplate how far we have come as a society, and yet how little we have actually accomplished.Highly recommended. . It contains a deep, thoughtful examination of English cultures and roots, as well as the values and rules within those various classes and how they intersect and interact within themselves. It is a trip to another time and place which seems altogether too familiar, too unresolved in its issues, and in the structures, restrictions, rules, and cultural foundations. The history of this book is as interesting as the chronicle contained therein. <br />Originally published in Italy, complete with misspellings, it contained \\"shocking words\\" which, along with the subject matter of the book, caused it to be banned in English speaking countries until some court decisions allowed it to be printed. This happened in the U.S. in l959. After completion of the reading of this book, it was interesting to contemplate what had to change in order for this work to be published. This book was a significant factor in the pushing of the envelope in terms of \\"shocking words\\" which are not altogether shocking anymore, because they are ubiquitous.  And yet, even though the words, as well as the issues presented in this work no longer cause a violent backlash, the drama is still entirely familiar and very easily understood. It's a cause for one to contemplate how far we have come as a society, and yet how little we have actually accomplished.Highly recommended. 
B00003CXTF|5.0|To everyone who &quot;walked out&quot; after realizing this was &quot;a love story&quot; as well as a war movie: you judged it too harshly, too quickly. To Hollywood, which presently is endeavoring to change our society---and not for the better: This exquisite rendering of three lives tragically shattered by WWII, is of such depth and beauty that I am not surprised you didn't appreciate it. The moral overtones must have gagged you. The first time I saw Pearl Harbor w/ a group of neighbors, we lost all track of time. Three hours? To a one, we didn't even notice; it was so absorbing. Everyone cried, we cheered, we passed the Kleenex box from row to row... We felt proud to be Americans. It was a noble, heartrending film. We walked out shaking our heads at the poor reviews, eventually coming to the conclusion that we simply aren't Hollywood; we're just rural America, and we differ greatly from Southern California on any number of issues. I visited my 50-something sister in the DC Beltway area and took her to see it---against her will. She didn't want to go after such poor reviews. She, too, left in tears, barely able to mouthe the words, &quot;Why did this get such bad reviews? It was the best movie I've ever seen!&quot; The third time the story was the same: People all around us were amazed how much they loved Pearl Harbor. It wasn't uncommon to overhear people make snide remarks about Hollywood &quot;killing it&quot; for one reason or another... My dad was at Pearl Harbor. He lost good friends in this war. Dad's a smart man, a retired scientist. If anyone would be critical of a WWII flick, it would probably be him. He usually gets terribly bored at movies and goes along only to keep peace in the family. Not this time... He was completely caught up. During the battle scenes, he was so &quot;in the moment&quot; again, that he actually leaned over the seat in front of him, hung his head, and wept. Afterwards, he sat a long time in the theatre, very quiet...remembering. When he finally did open up, he said, &quot;It wasn't exactly like it was then, but it was pretty close. Pretty close. I guess Hollywood had to put in a little here and there, but they did a good job with this one.&quot; He didn't mind at all that a love triangle was woven into the story. &quot;It wasn't a documentary for crying out loud,&quot; he said. &quot;That personalized it, helped you feel what we felt: the tension, the waiting, the loss, having to deal with your world turned upside down by something more awful than you knew existed before...&quot; He saw Saving Private Ryan and all the others. His conclusion? They were gratuitous, the cursing, the indiscriminate killings, the senselessness of it all. They were far more typical of the Vietnam era than WWII. &quot;No,&quot; he told us, &quot;This one was really more accurate. Very painful to relive, but very true in spirit. Kids need to see this.&quot; It was this way everytime we saw this film. In New England. In the mid-Atlantic. In DC. Five times I saw it, and five times I sat mesmerized. It was so hauntingly beautiful, incredibly sad, yet still redeeming, too. All around me people cried and related to the characters on the screen. Inevitably, someone, sometimes many people, stayed after to comment on how moved they were by this sure-to-be epic. If you didn't see it based on the poor reviews out of Hollywood, go anyway. Don't let them dictate what makes a good movie for you. They're dead wrong on this one. Time will prove it. This movie was about the character, bravery, selfless sacrifice, and delayed gratification that made us a great nation. It's what we're missing in our society today. That the Hollywood generation can't relate to this film isn't surprising. It's a sad reflection on their collective loss of consciousness...
B00003CXSP|2.0|What is it about Ridley Scott movies that induce boredom? Alien, Blade Runner, Gladiator, and now Hannibal all look great, but they are simply missing SOMETHING. Character development maybe? I'm not sure. Hopkins is great, though. He made the whole experience somewhat worthwhile. There are quite a bit of extras on the second disc, though, so if you are high on special features, this one may satisfy based on that alone.
B00000F1D3|4.0|\\"Believe\\" was one of those instant classic songs that defied modern trends by turning an early 80's dance theme into a late 90's monster hit. It's a powerful song and only the brilliant producer Junior Vasquez could produce such a hit. However, the remaining songs are a disappointment, showcasing Cher's amazing voice, but lacking originality. \\"We All Sleep Alone\\" is a pleasant soulful rendition that closes the CD, but the middle sounds like the filler that it is. However, only Cher could take ten songs to sell a huge album, just by her own tenacity and talent. Having the one gigantic hit doesn't hurt either. It's worth buying the album just for this song. If you really only want this song, the CD single has so many dance versions, it fills an entire CD.
B00004TFK2|4.0|when i first was going to go and see this i though how dumb its probably silly and plotless. truth is i loved it. the music mixes in well with the movie too.. ive always wanted the dvd. if you havent seen it see it.
B000001DQI|5.0|Elton John reached his first peak in 1973 with this originally two record recording. Now on one disc, it's a masterpiece. Yielding four major singles and plenty of concert standards, this CD surpasses anything he has ever recorded in originality and versatility. \\"Funeral For A Friend\\" is everyone's favorite and \\"Candle In The Wind\\" later became a \\"live\\" single (although it charted poorly). Who can forget \\"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road\\" with it's plaintive lyrics and the concert stopping \\"Bennie And The Jets\\"? \\"Grey Seal\\" was rerecorded from four years prior with a more complex arrangment and \\"Jamiaca Jerf-Off\\" is the precursor to \\"Island Girl\\" with it's Jamaican lilt. ... attitude comes through with \\"All The Girls Love Alice\\", a song he included on his rich Box Set. Every song is a master and it's not surprising that Elton John had way too many great songs at one time. Plenty of ballads, hard rockers, sweet melodies and lyrics that turn your ear, this is one of Elton John's classics! A great leaflet with all the lyrics is included.
0767802659|5.0|i love this movie. its not serious its actually pretty darn funny. its a masterpiece of epic proportions. see it or better buy it on vhs or dvd.
B000003S5H|5.0|At the time this title first came out, I was looking for something new and different. The radio has never fulfilled anything for me, and I was growing tired of all of my current CDs. I listened to this at a record store and had to get it at that moment. Air is an excellent pioneer in their field and will pave the way for many sounds to come. I now await every release they put out. Just got &quot;10,000 Hz Legend&quot; and can't wait till the next.
6300216268|5.0|As described by, and outrageously LIVED by Maude, this movie illustrates the insecurities in all of us, not just Bud ! Every time I have watched it, I have come away with a more positive attitude, a penchant to attend funerals of total strangers, and a consuming desire to roll down a hill of daisies ! The dialog is one not to be glossed over, or ignored. From maude's &quot;smelling machine&quot; ( &quot;I smell snow&quot; ), her wooden sculpture of the female form, to her throwing Harold's souviner gift into the ocean just off West Cliff in Santa Cruz ( &quot;That way I'll always know where it is &quot;! ), all demonstrate a rare perspective on life, one that exudes love, gentleness, faith, confidence, and internal beauty. Ending is tough to handle, but demonstrates Maude's inevitable effect on Harold. Absolutely beautiful !
6305320802|1.0|This DVD is in letterbox (wide-screen) format and I will return it as soon as I receive it. I refuse to watch any movie in letterbox format on my PC or TV. I have no intention of ever getting a wide-screen TV. Anyone who now has or is planning to get a wide-screen TV should be warned: If wide-screen TVs ever become popular, Hollywood will quit making wide-screen movies and switch to IMAX.
0780631684|5.0|awesome effects really makes u think but sorta scares u at the same time. i was hoping for a sequal with the surviors but the sequel wont have anyone from the first one. but great movie!
6305127689|5.0|I'm a sucker for this movie. Great cast, great story, great love scene, great flying, great soundtrack, terrible tragedy. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll drool, you'll cheer. It's got it all. I love that love scene.
0780624890|5.0|This movie was MADE for the Home Theater owner. It ranks right up there with the Matrix as a \\"must have\\" flick for DVD owners. Wesley Snipes finally found the action film that fits his talent, unlike Art of War, which wants so badly to be a sophisticated espionage flick (glad I got it at a discount), but became a muddled mess of bad writing so laughable it made me homicidal (to the first degree). Any way, this movie MUST have a sequel (or prequel, I don't care). Wes plays a super fly, black leather and sterling silver clad part man, part Vampire, who can live as a \\"day walker\\", unlike other Vampires, but has their strength, and unfortunately, their blood-lust. However, Wes, takes a serum that helps alleviate that lust temporarily so he can kick some non-day walking Vampire butt...both cheeks. His nemesis is non-day walking vampire Stephen Dorf, who will stop at nothing short of Bill Gates-like world domination. These two going at it throughout the movie is something for your 27 or better inch TV to feed on. Don't doubt it. Kris Kirstoffer-how-ever-you-spell-it is great as Snipes' no-nonsense helper on the vampire slaying scene, but N'Bushe Wright, though finer than my eyes can stand, needed some more work convincing me that she was a medical researcher. Buy this movie. The special effects in Blade are great, unique eye candy that had me hitting the rewind (and scan and frame by frame) over and over again. The special features, also, are pretty good, with an extensive behind the scenes featurette. You'll love it. Buy it.
B00001XT76|5.0|I consider this one of my &quot;guilty pleasure&quot; movies. It's just so darned good (even if it's a bit chessey)! I mean who cares if one of the best lines in the film is &quot;Nobody puts Baby in a corner&quot;? It's lines like that that make this movie great. Not to mention a wonderful soundtrack and some good old-fashioned dancin' by Mr. Swayze! I'm proud to say I love this movie!
B00000ADG2|1.0|I can only assume that some cruel, but well respected music critic, gave this noise a high rating as a joke to see what would happen...and sure enough, a mindless, Stepford nation followed his lead. Surely, he is now sitting back somewhere, laughing hysterically and thinking &quot;GOTCHA !&quot; My assessment of this dreadful noise is this. Imagine your worst enemy making the most unpleasant noise he can make for an hour or more, never going up nor down with the irritating pitch, but going on and on and on with the hideous, evil, suicide-inducing sound until it becomes utterly unbearable. That describes perfectly Ms. Hill's prank/joke of an album. Absolutely the most hideous noise/sound I have ever heard. Raise your hand if anyone can say truly say that they play this CD often and enjoy it ? Do you know anyone who plays it ? Now, raise your hand if you were duped into believing this was music but now realize you were the victim of a cruel joke. AHA !! I thought so :)
B000002LK1|5.0|This album is what got me hooked on this band back in high school. In my opinion, it is their finest album to date. &quot;Personal Jesus,&quot; &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; and one of my favorites, the little-known &quot;Halo&quot; are to me, the epitome of GREAT music. Depeche Mode will always be my favorite band and this album demonstrates why.
080017948X|5.0|I'm not a huge fan of Murray's, but he hits all the right notes in this film. Great supporting cast, and we've all felt like this when our job gets a bit repetitive. Original premis, great script, funny characters. Pure fluff comedy. Highly enjoyable.
6305308659|5.0|I have to admit, I had no desire to see this movie. My husband wanted to see it, so begrudgingly, I obliged. Thankfully, I obliged. This movie is wonderful! Reese and Tobey gave really good performances, as did Joan Allen and Jeff Daniels. The movie was actually very deep and thought-provoking - many &quot;layers.&quot; I can't say enough good things about it, it was a very good movie!
B00000JRTX|4.0|Grant &amp; McDowell seem to do best when the subject matter is light, and this film takes advantage of this. John Hannah is fantastic in a limited roll (you'd never think him capable of the messes he got into with the Mummy films after seeing this one).
6305064490|5.0|It is simply the best Christmas movie ever, if not best MOVIE ever. I challenge anyone not to feel good at the last scene, which has to be, hands down, the most touching scene of any movie. It's OK to cry when you see George Bailey realize what a wonderful life he has. I don't want to hear anyone tell me that they play this movie too much during the holidays, it seems like they hardly play it at all! Now as for &quot;A Christmas Story&quot;... If you haven't seen this movie, make it a holiday tradition this year, it truly is a treasure!
B00003CXRP|4.0|I give Cast Away four stars - and wonder if it earned all four of them. My judgement may be clouded by my fondness for both Hanks and director Robert Zemeckis. They obviously work very well together, but this film drags at times, and the dialogue can get bogged down. Not a film I would have bought (my wife did), as it is not one I need to see more than once. That said, extremely well done, and I loved the non Hollywood ending.
B0000399WI|5.0|What more can you really say? This movie was tremendously touching and as my nickname attests to, it leaves an impression (&quot;Get busy livin' or get busy dying&quot;). Morgan Freeman &amp; Tim Robbins give the performance of their careers. Great supporting cast. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
B000059R8Y|4.0|This is the best album that I've heard from Clapton since his all blues album &quot;From The Cradle&quot;. Some of the songs here still have that slow after hours feel to them that I really don't care for that much. But there is enough strong material on this to compensate for any of it's weaknesses. For me, the clear choice standout tracks are his covers of J.J.Cale's &quot;TRAVELIN' LIGHT&quot; and the brilliant Stevie Wonder tune &quot;I AIN'T GOONA STAND FOR IT&quot;. I loved this one. Some of the best songs written by Clapton is the opening instrumental &quot;REPTILE&quot;. &quot;FIND MYSELF&quot;, which has some very catchy and easyflowing piano work in it, courtesy of Billy Preston. And &quot;SUPERMAN INSIDE&quot;, which offers up some sizzling Clapton guitar. He's got a top notch supporting cast here too, with musicians like Preston, Paul Carrack, Doyle Bramhall, and Andy Fairweather. All in all, this is a nice cd of Clapton tunes and an even better choice of covers, and it has a little bluesier feel to it than some of his previous efforts. Recommended listening.
0783226845|5.0|This is my husband's favorite movie, hands-down. It is also one of mine. Pacino is magnificent and it's my favorite of O'Donnell's. If you haven't seen this movie, you must. It's a treasure. It's heartwarming, it's funny, it's emotional, it should appeal to just about anyone, especially those with good taste :-)
0425107469|5.0|Plain and simple... This was one of my favorite books. Most people who know of Dean Koontz have already read this one and know what it is about. I enjoyed reading this book very much, it had a plot that held me captivated. There was something about the dog and beast that reminded me a lot of the far removed fairy tale &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;. This was a very well done novel and deserves all the praise it can get.
6305907145|5.0|If you're looking for a good old-fashioned romance (and dare I say comedy?) (along the lines of &quot;Emma&quot; or &quot;Sense &amp; Sensibility&quot;), you've found it. I guiltily admit I rewound the kissing scene several times (it was just so perfect!!!). This may fall into what men fondly call a &quot;chick flick,&quot; but hey, us chicks need our flicks. I watched this one sans the husband and was perfectly happy as I could rewind the kissing scene as much as I wanted!
B00003CXWV|5.0|This movie will keep you entertained from start to finish. Johnny Depp is mezmerizing and the rest of the cast is awesome
6305508550|5.0|Oh, it's funny. Great characters and a subject matter I think we can all relate to a bit - working! The movie is really too funny and I recommend to all!
B00003CXRM|4.0|This was a great movie good actors and wonderful music my family truely enjoyed it.
B00001U0E1|5.0|The one thing that stands out about this great film, is not the acting, the costumes, the wonderful script. It is a very simple thing which I have always looked for in movies, and only once found: the ability to be a romantic comedy without trying. The romance comes from believable, everday things, and the comedy comes basically from observations about life that are funny, being true. Gwyneth Paltrow is of course wonderful in this film, and worthy of the Oscar she got, but the real shining point is Joe Fiennes. The fact that he escaped an Oscar nod is horrible, and I'd like to apologize on behalf of the Academy! Heartfelt, beautiful preformance. There's really not much I can say further about this film, without gushing and turning everyone off, so I'll conclude - if you haven't seen it yet, please do. Again and again and again.
B00000DR5D|5.0|Love 'em or hate 'em, German electronic stalwarts Tangerine Dream have been churning out music now for over 30 years -- maddeningly prolific, spanning numerous labels and wildly different phases. If you buy only 2 or 3 Tangerine Dream albums, RICOCHET should be one of them. Released in 1975, shortly after their seminal Virgin label debut PHAEDRA, RICOCHET is one of the best electronic sequencer albums of all time and also an astounding live performance that sounds like a studio album. In other words, don't be put off by the live aspect of this album. RICOCHET encompasses the very best of experimental (and eminently listenable) electronic music in the 70's. &quot;Ricochet Part 2&quot; is one of the highlights in all of electronic music.
B00000IAU3|4.0|when i first bought this cd, i only listened to 'thank you' and 'here with me'. i thought this cd was only okay. but a week or so ago i popped in the cd and listened all the way through. i loved it! now 'no angel' is one of my favorite cds. dido has a unique sound and style. my favorite songs are: here with me, hunter, don't think of me, no angel, thank you, and slide. the other songs are great too. yay for dido!
6300251616|4.0|Dark Star is a very clever and funny film. The special effects are incredible considering the miniscule budget that the makers of this Sci-Fi fantasy had to work with. It makes bad, big budget disasters like &quot;Supernova&quot; look even worse by comparison.
0140120416|5.0|My fiancee is a Russian girl who can speak limited English. I have been using this book for a while now, and it has taught me such a great deal. It not only has a large vocabulary, but it also teaches grammer rules. I reccomend anyone that wants to really learn Russian, not just a few words here and there.
B000056JYB|4.0|Sometimes more is less as in the case of the jams here. I'm glad to have the chance to hear some of this noodlin' about, but why the record company wants to jack up the price for including this material eludes me. The songs without Rick Grech (why so many reviewers cannot spell his name strikes me as a bit odd) are the most light weight of the bunch---this stuff needs a better bass lines than Stevie Winwood delivers (incidently, weak bass and drum tracks mar much of his subsequent solo recordings). The late Rick Grech helped add some much needed tension and punch to the songs he appear on, but he would still have fared better by sticking with Family, a band whose &quot;full meal&quot; sound makes much of this disc lightweight, as though this record were an appetizer. Too bad Blind Faith never got around to created the full course. EC is pretty good here, not dazzling like he was in Cream, but not close to the depths he sinks to on his collaborations with Phil Collins or the acoustic, &quot;unplugged&quot; (or is it &quot;unglued?&quot;) remakes. Ginger, as usual, is way ahead of everyone else, propelling the music into more interesting crevices. (I wish Ginger and Miles Davis could have teamed up---that would have been interesting.) Winwood does a decent job with keyboards but sometimes his reed-thin vocals sound a bit too strained. Too bad a Roger Chapman or Jess Roden was not available to help with the vocals. I'll wait and get a used copy someday when the price comes way down.
B00005KHJR|4.0|The &quot;extended version&quot; here is 99 minutes, but substantially the same as the 103 minute version released on video in the United States. Tragically, the original film stock used for the truly complete version was used for landfill under the M-3 highway in England! The ignorami responsible for THAT should have been condemned to burn in a wicker man of their own! The film copy used to produce the 103 minute video is also presumed missing. So this &quot;extended' version includes footage cobbled together from poor-quality sources, but it seems everything of substance is there. Sadly, it's the best we can hope for at present. The first disk of this set is the horribly mutilated 84-minute theatrical release, which also should have beeen burned... This is a great, atmospheric, and still-disturbing occult thriller, and deserves to be seen. But until more source footage is discovered, this flawed but serviceable &quot;extended version&quot; will have to do.
B000001FXT|5.0|More than any other collection, this one thoroughly dramatises, in beautiful song and beat, Marley as the revolutionary so cognizant of the colonial/ neocolonial mainstream system that has strived to maintain blacks and other poor and downtrodden in continuous ignorance, poverty, misery, and exploitation. The songs are of remarkable content in which Marley describes the system and how the exploited are responding to or should respond to it so as to crush it. Any music lover inclined to issues of world exploitation and freedom would greatly be intrigued and would cherish having this collection, as will be demonstrated by my comments on each of the songs. &quot;Africa Unite&quot; involves the urging of African countries and ethnic groups to unite, which effort would vastly benefit blacks everywhere, including black children now and in the future. Marley sings, &quot;How good and pleasant it would be...to see the unification of all Africans.&quot; Of merit to Marley, everyone that is black or of African descent is African. African unity then becomes of benefit to diasporan blacks or Africans. In &quot;One Drop,&quot; Marley decries the mainstream system's exploitative stance that has resulted in blacks having to keep on fighting for freedom; and also having to die and starve in vast numbers as they lament their situation, in their bid to survive. In &quot;Ride Natty Ride,&quot; the poor and downtrodden are shown to have the endless fire burning within them, which involves the determined struggle to survive and overcome exploitation. In &quot;Ambush in the Night,&quot; Marley decries the exploitative mainstream for belittling blacks, calling them ignorant, and as only knowing what was taught them by colonialists/ neocolonialists. Mainstream is fully focused on frustrating the Africans' struggling to get out of poverty and exploitation; Africans struggle against this system. The poor and downtrodden find themselves being continuously &quot;ambushed.&quot; In &quot;Wake Up and Live,&quot; the exploited are urged to wake up to the injustices inflicted on them, and into struggling to overcome these evils. In &quot;So Much Trouble in the World,&quot; Marley sings that &quot;What goes on up is coming on down&quot; and &quot;What goes around, comes around,&quot; implying that the mainstream exploitative mechanism, that creates trouble and chaos in the world, will eventually collapse as it becomes the victim of its own exploiting and evil ways. The song &quot;Zimbabwe&quot; was sang shortly before white-controlled Zimbabwe (Rhodesia) achieved independence. The song is about the achievement of the liberation (independence) of Zimbabwe having to require Africans continuing to fight for their rights against a colonialist divide-and-rule system that has tricked and torn Africans apart.Africans are tied in a system in which they cannot decide their destiny in a free and fair way. A revolutionary approach to overthrowing this system would be required. In the song &quot;Top Rankin,&quot; Marley sings that the neocolonial system does not want Africans to unite, and live together. The system instead entices Africans to instead &quot;keep on fussing and fighting&quot; and &quot;killing one another&quot; to the uppermost (Top Rankin'). The system strives to keep Africans in poverty Marley sings that he feels brotherly/ sisterly love for those struggling against the yoke of poverty and exploitation. Despite the odds, blacks and other downtrodden ones have adamantly refused to let the neocolonial system keep them down and exploited, forever.Marley asserts that since they are deprived of &quot;equal opportunity,&quot; Africans look forward to freedom and liberty. Marley also calls forth for revenge on the mainstream mechanism which continues to be &quot;deceptive&quot; as it goes on building churches and universities. Marley urges the exploiting system to tell the people the truth about their evil ways. Marley sings that &quot;We have been trampled onfor so long.&quot; In the song &quot;Survival,&quot; Marley sings that the mainstream mechanism cannot claim to care for blacks who are &quot;Suffering in every way,&quot; as they struggle to &quot;survive&quot; and be &quot;survivors.&quot;
B000002UAO|4.0|Rubber Soul! This Beatles album is not as good as Sgt. Pepper or even Abbey Road, but it does feature some of the best songs of all the Beatles'. The CD starts with &quot;Drive My Car&quot; which you won't like at first, but two or three weeks later your singing it to yourself. After that comes Norwegian Wood, a great beat but not so innocent lyrics. You'll also love Wait and In My Life, which are amazing songs. Like Drive My Car, you won't fall in love with Wait right away. You have to wait :-).
B00002Z88D|1.0|First of all, its clear we are dealing here with extremely gifted musicians. METALLICA needs no introduction at all and Michael Kamen is an expert in music: he has done soundtracks, rock albuns, all the stuff. So, why is this S&amp;M so horrible ? My best explanation is this: I felt like I was listening to a Metallica album in my CD player in my room and, all of a sudden, somedoby started to listen to classic music in the room next door. What I mean is that the arragmetns are disconnected, it seems the band is pklaying one song and the orchestra another. Theres no chemistry between them, the resulting music in annoying and boring. To listen how orchestra and rock can merge, listen to Scorpions &quot;MOMENT OF GLORY&quot;.
B000002HMH|1.0|If you like this, you have nto heard MASTER OF PUPPETS or RIDE THE LIGHTNING or even AN JUSTICE FOR ALL. Im not saying a band can change or try new approaches. Not at all. Im just saying that, when doing so, one must feel that they are doing it with their hearts, and the new music dont loss force or spirit. But both are lacking in LOAD. It seems a band who has never played metal before.
B000002HRE|1.0|What Metallica achieved is unique. They changed themselves into a kind of Britney Spears of metal, and even doing that people keep putting money into their pockets by the millions. Go figure why.. Maybe Metallica developed a technique of mass hypnozis, I dont know, and the message is: &quot;BUY THE GARBAGE IM RELEASING, BUY THE GARBAGE IM RELEASING...&quot;
B000002H2H|4.0|Keep this album to remind you how this band once was great and unique. Even doing so, you may want to throw it away in anger when you remember what they are doing nowadays.... RIDE THE LIGHTNING and MASTER OF PUPPETS are the albuns that marked METALLICA forever.
0066620694|3.0|The Innovator's Dilemma presents the idea that even if you do everything right, you can still be wrong if you don't see what's coming. unfortunately, that all depends on what you can see. In this case Christensen's hindsight is 20/20 and he can say &quot;Of course they didn't see it coming.&quot; The problem is applying this to modern business. That said, it does present a very interesting way of looking at disruptive technology changes, and how sometimes you just aren't in a position to do anything unless you scrap everything and go from there. Much of his case relies on the hard drive industry, which he has some good quantitative data to work with. At the same time, it is some of his other examples, with backhoes, and steel mills that can illustrate his concept to a greater extent. Part of this is because while computer componants is a fast moving field, it is these more lumbering machine parts area that scream &quot;steady as it goes.&quot; Thus his thesis is stronger. It is almost too bad that the newest version is only updated and with a new chapter. Much of his computer hard drive case is only through 1996 - a lifetime ago in terms of technology changes. I would have been fascinated to see him revisit his data and see what it shows. Granted, that would be a complete rewrite of his book, but something that is so groundbreaking as this requires more thorough updating. Overall it is a very good and though provoking book that makes you think. Will it help you catch the next wave and survive the disruption? I am not sure I can say I took that away with me.
B000001GX5|5.0|This is one of the most lively performances conducted by von Karajan.
6303029027|5.0|In 1993 I saw this movie because the movie I had come to see was sold out. I don't remember the name of that motion picture, but I will never forget A Bronx Tale. Written and directed to perfection, the characters are alive and vivid. The view sees and feel the action on the screen and this film is totally devoid of the Hollywood formulas and clichs that sink far too many offerings today. Why is this? The original play was written by one of the stars of the film, Chazz Palminteri, who one night after losing a job, sat on his bed and hand wrote the story of his young, all the while in tears. The graphic, colorful reality of his experiences shows. The execution of this film is flawless. There are no continuity errors and it is so well cast you will walk away thinking you personally know each and every character. Having touched on so many aspects of 1960's America, this movie never disappoints and never bores the viewer. This is an outstanding movie.
B00004R99L|5.0|Other reviewers have already explained why this is a great movie. I just wanted to add that this is an artist's interpretation of Carrol's story - that is why some of the characters are missing and the plot somewhat deviates from the book. If the creators were to stick to the book word-for-word, it would probably be a 4 hour film. Books and movies are two different formats, so I judged this cartoon based on its INTERPRETATION of the story, as well as masterful animation. This is one of those stories that will dazzle the child and make the adult think at the same time. If I could give 6 stars, I would.
B00005A46T|4.0|read the title for my review. Need I say more?
0140283587|5.0|Despite having been a language major in college, I'm just now starting my global travels as an adult and can begin to appreciate the stories and attitudes in this novel. Sutcliffe captures the essences of the different types of stereotypical travelers. This book is laugh out loud funny!
B00005A46T|4.0|this cd is really good. I think it's much better than their first one and the songs r speeding and thrashing. i listened to a lot of hard rock albums and i have to say that this is one of the best. reccomendations: drowning pool, godsmack, powerman 5000, pantera, deftones, kottonmouthkings system of a down and much more
B00005A46T|4.0|this album is just 66 minutes of pure entertainment. while slipknot kept their same death metal appearences and sound, they uped the speed with Iowa. if you heard them play people=s***, the heretic anthem, and disasterpiece at ozzfest, you know what i mean. only four stars because they still aren't a black sabbath. this album is definetly worth your money.
B00005K3OT|5.0|Oddly enough, the texture of this film actually reminds me of chocolate. Chocolate has a strong flavor, but is also full of more subtle tastes, all of which flow together into a single, rich experience. Similarly, &quot;Chocolat&quot; delivers a strong message, and also tells the stories of several individual lives, all artfully blended together. All of the elements of the movie are strong - acting, direction, cinematography. But what stands out is the writing: it's at turns touching, humorous, mysterious and exciting, and it's difficult to say when one leaves off and another picks up. Put this movie on your &quot;don't miss&quot; list.
B00005A46T|5.0|It's been a long time coming, but the wait was well worth it. With their second album, &quot;Iowa&quot;, Slipknot is about to leave fake metal immitators in the dust. This is an awesome album! I think it's a lot more heavier and aggressive than the first one. It's got great guitar playing, loud drums and percusions, and great singing and yelling from the lead singer. My favorite songs are &quot;People = Sh**&quot;, &quot;The Heretic Anthem&quot;, &quot;Left Behind&quot;, &quot;New Abortion&quot;, and &quot;Everything Ends&quot;. The bottom line is that every song on this album is great! If you love Slipknot, then you will love this album. Although their first album will forever remain the landmark in their metal career, this is an album that shouldn't be missed. This is a five out of five stars, without question.
B000002UAU|5.0|This album has been heard by just about everyone, but what many people fail to realize is it is the most innovative album in rock history. It was the first rock album to feature the trademark run together tracks,the first to feature the bass guitar as a main instrument,and track layering that was unheard of in those days. It was recorded with primitive equipment yet sounds as if it was recorded on the best equipment available today. The Beatles gelled together for this album and with the help of the great George Martin and the excellent engineer work by Geoff Emerick they made the premise of SGT.Pepper believable to a generation of kids. This album is great from start to finish, and will never be equaled by any group again. A must for any collection!
B00003CWTH|2.0|On the positive side: 1) Tom Cruise is very good, and if you want proof that he can act this movie is worthwhile. 2) The movie provides an insight into cults such as Landmark Forum and, more importantly, Sterling Institute of Relationships. On the negative side: 2) The movie is bombastic, hammering out its messages without any subtlty. 3) There is no variation in the characters' voices. Every single charcater mouths the exact same obscenities and has the exact same speech patterns. After a while, you realize that you are hearing a chorus of the screenwriter's didactic shouts, with no variation in tone, vocabulary or message. 4) The magic realist ending (the frogs) were a cute devise, but they really pointed to the fact that the screenwriter did not know how to resolve the film.
B00005MAM2|5.0|The old version of this film was ground breaking. Animation and story were above and beyond for its time. Now to put it to the test. Digitally remastered and LOADED with special features the special edtion of AKIRA has gone mainstream! Entertainment magazines and critics from everywhere are giving their praises to the clasic in animation and adventure. And this isn't with out good reason, after the color and sound restoration, AKIRA is still a contender in the top notch animation categorie! The sound is beautiful as well! Voice acting really suffered on the translation but new-comers will never notice. And besides all the praise for its awesome action, animation, and features, AKIRA has a great story to boot! Kaneda and his friends belong to a bike gang in Neo-Toykyo (a rebuilt Toykyo, after a massive explosion created by &quot;him&quot; destroys the old city). Their fight for turf dominance leads them into something far greater! Kaneda is set out to find and rescue his friend Tetsuo, who has recieved massive psycic potential. Now Tetsuo wants to meet &quot;him&quot; and what happens could trigger the end....of everything.
B00003CXRP|4.0|It was a good movie but the ending was bad but still over all a good movie!
0767812166|4.0|From the moment I first saw this film in the '80's, I knew it would be one of my all time favorites. This is a film that does deliberately tug on your heartstrings, but you appreciate it in the end, rather than feel you were manipulated. It is an emotionally endearing film with standout performances by Jeff Bridges and Karen Allen. Bridges deservedly received a Best Actor nomination for his role here, but the understated beauty of Allen's performance deserves special mention. At first she is the frightened widow who meets Bridges' alien in her living room. Then she becomes the reluctant hostage as they drive cross country to his rendezvous point. As he reveals his fate should he fail to meet his mothership, a growing understanding and concern fills the troubled widow. In the end, she learns to love him, and it is clear that his resemblance to her dearly departed husband has nothing to do with her feelings for the alien. Her last scene is one of touching, heartfelt parting, as she looks up into the sky, her lovely face accepting the fact she will never see him again. The CD of this movie not only features the stunning score of Jace Nitzsche, but a wonderful duet Bridges and Allen recorded that doesn't appear in the movie.
1565846117|5.0|After reading a German translation of the original Swedish version of &quot;Sidetracked&quot; by Henning Mankell, I was enthralled by the complexity of the plot and of the main character, Kurt Wallander. Reading this book(my first by Mankell), my apppetite to continue reading his books grew steadily. I had never been a fan of niether murder mysteries nor detective novels, but this book really changed my mind. I highly recommend this to any reader.
B00003CXFG|4.0|It's amazing how much fun an under hyped sci-fi movie can be. This movie delivers on a lot of different fronts. For a B movie the special effects are good (not great), the pacing is quick enough to cover up for some plot holes and Vin Diesel is the perfect non-hero. I watched the unrated version but I could imagine the studio heads doing a hatchet job on the movie version, which might explain some of the early negative reviews. Like 'Event Horizon' two years ago, this movie was definetly under rated when it came out and has a great blend of horror, action, and a good casting job with actors that know how to play their appropriate roles (i.e first to die, bad guy, hot chick, etc). What is sad is that Pitch Black with its medium budget and straight forward plot is just so much more enjoyable than so many high budget or highly hyped sci fi movies like Red Planet, Red Mars, Planet of the Apes. Of course it won't replace Alien (s) as a classic but you will definetly feel you got your money's worth.
B00003CY5H|5.0|Two Godfathers on screen at once, is it really true? Edward Norton, a great actor and continuing to get better steals the show in this great heist flick. Robert De Niro is a jewel theif who has decided to retire after one more heist that he was conivnced into doing by Brando. He then teams up with Edward Norton who gives his greatest preformance yet, posing as a challenged janitor to learn the security system of the building so they can steal a golden scepter from the basement. Filled with a load of plot twists and great break-in action scenes, you can't go wrong!
B000050XEI|5.0|This CD is absolutely beautiful. The words and music touched my soul. I take dance lessons adnd danced to TEMPUS VERNUM and another person danced to WILD CHILD. A member of the audience loved the music and took the tape I had. I recommend this to everyone.
B00003CX5P|1.0|This movie is a stink-bomb. The plot is lame. The acting is bad. The dialogue is flat.     I didn't care about anybody in this movie. At the portion where they reveal that the queen is the servant and the servant is the queen, <GASP WITH SHOCK>, the camera pans to show the shocked and surprised reaction of everyone in the room. I also was shocked and surprised, that anything so bad could make it to the big screen. That pregnant pause and pan to shocked expressions was so bad it was laughable. I was left totally dry by this huge revelation, and if a dramatic high point of the movie left me dry, imagine how I felt about the rest of it.     This movie tries to mix live action with animation. That is difficult and has seldom given good results. Maybe \\"the mummy returns\\" was successful, but this was not.     The Computer graphic (CG) world left me emotionless. The battle scenes looked like a video game, how can I get excited about that? Plus, by now I have seen enough CG epic battle scenes to last me a lifetime, The Mummy, Star Wars I, Final Fantasy, Mummy II, all featured epic battle scenes with a cast of one (computer programmer, that is). It just doesn't cut it.     The journey thru the fish world was stupid. By contrast the similar journey in Disney's \\"Atlantis\\" had me squirming out of my seat with excitment.     The pod race is great, it's worth watching and has sparks of inspiration. The double headed announcer that does his own color was funny and creative, the sand people taking pot shots at the racers, the Ben Hur inspired race, Anakin rewiring his pod in the middle of the race - all great stuff.     We all agree that Jar Jar Binks was a mistake. What makes it unforgiveable is that they made exactly the same mistake 20 years ago in \\"The Empire Strikes Back\\" where C-3PO was annoyingly obnoxious. When C-3PO was switched off, everyone sighed with relief, both on screen and in the audience. That means the movie is better without him than it is with him, so leave himout! I don't pay $7.50 to be annoyed. Loveable, funny, cute is what we need, not annoying.     My friend tells me that the final fight was excellent choreography. I can believe that but the scene was ruined for me by the lack of story content. During the lapses when the force fields kept the fighters apart, there was a silent minute or two. I can imagine the screenwriters leaving that portion blank and promising to drop in some super secret, earth shattering dialog later. When the dialog came thru and was found to be lame, I can hear the suits saying: \\"Just have the characters glare at each other meaningfully. This is for kids anyway....just cut it and print it. Let's get this thing out the door.\\" I'm sorry, that just doesn't cut it!     Don't talk to me about expectations. On an absolute scale this movie stinks. Anyway, how can I not be disappointed by a techno movie made in 2000 that doesn't live up to a movie made in 1977?     What it proves is that art is about the same things it has always been about, drama, excellent writing, characters, motivations, etc etc. You can't ignore all that, spend $??? Million on computers and expect to have something worthwhile.
B00005A46T|5.0|When I heard SLIPKNOT for the first time, I thought it was amazing. When I heard they were comin out with a new cd, I didnt think it could be any harder than the first one, but I was completely wrong. IOWA is ten times harder and much more complex in its construction. &quot;Heretic anthem&quot; and &quot;people=s**t&quot; are more old skewl slipknot while &quot;my plague&quot; shows theyre maturing as a band. I guess #0-8 have been practicing over the summer. This album puts slipknot on the track to metal sainthood.
B00003CXQY|5.0|David Spade brings a LOT of character via his vocal work on this movie. I was expecting to not be crazy about it because I'm not a fan of his, but after watching it for the 3000th time (with my 3 year old) I have to say I like it just as much now as I did the first time I watched it. Anything that entertains both adults and children gets an A+ in my book. Eartha Kitt is now my favorite cartoon villian, and Patrick Warburton as Kronk continues to be one of the funniest character actors today. You won't be sorry.
B000000HSU|5.0|Bad Brains are incredible. This is the fastest and craziest record that BB ever recorded. YOu may have heard some of the songs before but the versions on this record are done with so much more energy (if you can believe it) than any of their other records. This record would definitely be somewhere in my list of top 10 records of all time. The best part about this record and the Bad Brains in general is that along with the incredible music and amazing vocals they brought a lot of originality and freshness to a kind of music that it's easy to get wrong.
B00005MAM2|4.0|When I was around ten years old, I thought &quot;Akira&quot; was one of the greatest things ever created. I saw it so many times that I knew it frame-by-frame, could tell you every little guy who gets squashed by Tetsuo's powers, and could speak along with the character's dialogue. I even bought every original Marvel comic of &quot;Akira,&quot; the soundtrack, &quot;making of&quot; documentary, cards and had a poster of &quot;Akira&quot; on the wall in my room for a long time. It prompted me to rent every Anime I could get a hold on for a long time. Nothing I've seen yet in Anime has been able to beat &quot;Akira.&quot; However, I much neglected this classic for a long time and forget all about it until this DVD came out. I was so excited to see that &quot;Akira&quot; was being restored and given DVD treatment that it deserved. Well, when I finally saw it I was both stunned and horrified. The new remastered picture quality of &quot;Akira&quot; without any complaint is spectacular and breathtaking. This alone is the reason you should see the new &quot;Akira.&quot; A lot of extra detail that is hard to spot in the original is in full focus here. It's so clear that sometimes night seems like day. However the new &quot;Akira&quot; Unfortunately has two errors that made me sadly give it four stars. Those two errors are the vocals and new dialogue! I know the first speakers in the original English version of &quot;Akira&quot; sounded like Americans but the new speakers are just laughable. Keneda sounds like a seven year old boy and the Akira kids made mew laugh the first time I heard them. In the original version of &quot;Akira,&quot; at points they made me chill with fear (Sorry for sounding so cheesy.) I could not take any of the characters seriously when hearing the new speakers. The old speakers in the original version spoke with the right timing and dramatic skills. The new speakers sound like it's a read through. The new script is also horrible. All of the great oneliners are butchered and filled a lot of irrelevant swearing and comments. It's so bad that I feel like the new &quot;Akira&quot; is at the same level as the original. Now that I told you my criticism. Let me say that &quot;Akira&quot; is still the greatest Anime ever and is still amazing by today standards. It has everything a great film should have. The themes are everything from politics to spirituality to an analysis of the human condition and the role of science playing God. And if you don't get the dramatic themes, it's just amazing to watch for the graphics. So while the new &quot;Akira&quot; is worth getting, I'll still keep my video copy of &quot;Akira.&quot;
B000002KHF|5.0|Everyone knows that Van Morrison first started his musical career as a blues-shouting frontman for the highly-underrated British rock band Them. It was during that time that Van wrote such rock standards as &quot;Gloria&quot; (sing it with me, everybody! G-L-O-R-I-A!) and &quot;Mystic Eyes&quot;. When Them broke up, Van began a somewhat rudimentary solo career with the pop chestnut &quot;Brown Eyed Girl&quot;, which even though it may be a little too pop for the now-very-deep-in-his-R&amp;B-roots Van, it remains a rock classic. His follow-up ASTRAL WEEKS (1968) was one of the most enchanting pop albums ever recorded, and even though it had no hits, it is rightfully been considered as one of the best albums of any genre. For the follow-up, Van decided to venture back into his R&amp;B and jazz roots with MOONDANCE (1970). The fact that it is so high on the Amazon Sales Rank (#399 as of this writing) sure is amazing, for even those people who are listening to artists who could be Van's grandchildren (he just turned 56) are realizing the magic that is MOONDANCE. The album is just as beautifully-executed as ASTRAL WEEKS, but it's less improvised &amp; made of more songs than stream-of-consciousness exercises. The first side of MOONDANCE is made up of songs that are widely recognized outside of the context of the album, and are some of Van's best songs in a career filled with many. &quot;And It Stoned Me&quot; starts out automatically with a vocal from Van that is as restrained as ASTRAL WEEKS, but still rather soulful like he was in his Them days. This is the perfect song to listen to on a warm summer Sunday. And no, stoned doesn't have anything to do with marijuana, but something more metaphoric. Next is the title track that is by far in the top echelon of Van's classic songs. You'll immediately get the feeling of dancing with your sweetheart in the moonlit night, and who knows you may be making a track back to his house later on, if you know what I mean. It's the same with &quot;Crazy Love&quot; where the romanticism of this track is nothing less than intoxicating, and I'm sure one listen to this song will turn anyone to putty. An excellent wedding song, too. Those who listen on will get to the more uptempo (if you can call it that) &quot;Caravan&quot;, which once again has Van in his soul-belter mode. But if you thought those four songs were well known &amp; legendary, &quot;Into The Mystic&quot; almost steamrolls those songs in that respect. Articles have been written on this song alone, and while that may be overstating it, that only proves why this song is so loved, because &quot;the mystic&quot; could be just about anywhere for us. The closing line &quot;It's too late to stop now&quot; would inspire the title of Van's live album (1974). The second side is not very recognizable, but it does have some highlights. &quot;Come Running&quot; was the only song on this album to become a top 40 hit(!), and while it may seem a bit slight, it showed that AM radio may have been behind Van Morrison to some extent. &quot;Brand New Day&quot; is probably the most soulful of the bunch, with it having a hint of gospel as well. Maybe Sting was inspired by this song to create his own &quot;Brand New Day&quot;. Those may be the best of side 2, but MOONDANCE as a whole is a well-deserved classic. Even if its commercial success was somewhat limited, it's made just about every critic's &quot;Best Albums of All Time&quot; list, so that may be some redemption. Even if Van Morrison retired after this album, his place in rock history would be assured, but 30 years later, he's still going strong releasing albums at a time in his life when most people would be resting on their awards. But while Van may continue to release some quality music well into his golden years, chances are MOONDANCE will still rank as one of the best albums of not only his career, but pop music too.with &quot;Crazy Love&quot; where the romanticism of this track is nothing less than intoxicating, and I'm sure one listen to this song will turn anyone to putty. An excellent wedding song, too. Those who listen on will get to the more uptempo (if you can call it that) &quot;Caravan&quot;, which once again has Van in his soul-belter mode. But if you thought those four songs were well known &amp; legendary, &quot;Into The Mystic&quot; almost steamrolls those songs in that respect. Articles have been written on this song alone, and while that may be overstating it, that only proves why this song is so loved, because &quot;the mystic&quot; could be just about anywhere for us. The closing line &quot;It's too late to stop now&quot; would inspire the title of Van's live album (1974). The second side is not very recognizable, but it does have some highlights. &quot;Come Running&quot; was the only song on this album to become a top 40 hit(!), and while it may seem a bit slight, it showed that AM radio may have been behind Van Morrison to some extent. &quot;Brand New Day&quot; is probably the most soulful of the bunch, with it having a hint of gospel as well. Maybe Sting was inspired by this song to create his own &quot;Brand New Day&quot;. Those may be the best of side 2, but MOONDANCE as a whole is a well-deserved classic. Even if its commercial success was somewhat limited, it's made just about every critic's &quot;Best Albums of All Time&quot; list, so that may be some redemption. Even if Van Morrison retired after this album, his place in rock history would be assured, but 30 years later, he's still going strong releasing albums at a time in his life when most people would be resting on their awards. But while Van may continue to release some quality music well into his golden years, chances are MOONDANCE will still rank as one of the best albums of not only his career, but pop music too.
B000001EAQ|2.0|Don't let the die-hard U2 fans fool you. Borrow from a friend if you must. I think I've listened to this twice since I bought it. Other U2 albums, hundreds of times. That says it all.
B00004CWO8|5.0|Its an honor, and many thanks to amazon, that a masterpiece of such wonder can be found and purchased. This title is not availble in stores anywhere nearby..and it is absolutely the greatest dance work of the second half of the twentieth century! Im so pleased that amazon has given me an opportunity to have this in my library.
B000001ED1|4.0|I heard &quot;what if God was one of us&quot; and nearly threw up. Then I randomly caught a glance of her performing live broadcast on TV and absolutely loved her style and the songs. I rushed to buy this. There is real talent here! Mostly bluesy undertones with a Janis Joplin-esque voice and attitude. Some totally weird fun songs, some ballads that help me get through the day, and some absolute spectacular BLUES with ATTITUDE in &quot;Ladder&quot;.
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot are a band who hardly require an introduction considering that their self-titled '99 I AM/Roadrunner debut managed to single-handedly change the face of modern metal as we know it. In fact, few groups can come along and completely flip the scene on its ear like this costumed and extremely intense 9 piece wrecking crew from Iowa did and as such all eyes point to this, their third outing. Has the wide spread success and the platinum sales of their past outing changed them and pushed them to &quot;sellout&quot; like so many before them? The answer is thankfully a resounding NO. Rather than drift off into experimental territory or mellow out, Slipknot have bucked the trend, scaled down their sound and compacted it into a 2 ton aural spear that tears a gaping hole through anything in its path. For the most part this album is still deeply entrenched within the battlefields the band waged war upon with their past effort, except this time around the weaponry has changed as they now have a more prevalent inclusion of death metal influences, a stronger use of dynamics and less hip-hop inspired song structuring. Band frontman Corey Taylor has really begun to come into his own and though he still heavily traverses through the throaty aggro exorcisms we have come to know him for, this album also finds him embracing a decidedly contrasting use of melody, as documented on the handful of dynamic tracks like &quot;Left Behind&quot; and &quot;My Plague&quot;. His vocals are also profusely emphatic, teeming with more sullen emotional vulnerability than ever before. However, this slightly softer side isn't there just for commercial means, as his tortured rants drip with pure conviction, belting and gasping out each of his disturbing words as though they were his dying breath. The guitar work is definitely a lot leaner here and as such has also become more fiery, drawing heavy inspiration from grindcore and death metal to inject the music with a lethally distorted edge that relies much less upon the new metal stylings that guitarists James Root/#4 and Mick Thompson/#7 once thrived upon in the past to instead progress forward with a more traditional extreme metal approach. Bass wise the album is consistent and satisfyingly downtuned, but tends to be more of a proverbial glue put in place to support the shredding vitriolic guitar parts rather than vie for a spotlight of its own. Meanwhile, the percussive performance captured on &quot;IOWA&quot; is another aspect of the sound which has unquestionably taken a note from the death metal/grindcore genre as riotous and pummeling outbursts of crushing hits take shape in the vein of restrained blast-beats rather than the unrelenting tribal feel they possessed before. Impacting like strategically planned wave upon wave of mortar shells, the heavy double kick and rib cage crushing outbursts of drummer Joey Jordison/#1 and percussionists Shawn Crahan/#6 and Chris Fehn/#3 exhibit a more concentrated focus that really compounds the unforgiving assault that is Slipknot. Of course the final pieces of the bands line-up are sampler/programmer Craig Jones/#5 and turntablist Sid Wilson/#0 who seem to only provide an occasional storm of stirring ambiance and chaotic noise here, rather than the fairly prevalent work they did before. Sure there's still the frequent careering bass drop and some frenzied scratching, but its nowhere near as vivid as it was in the past, allowing it to become more of an exciting subtlety rather than a tiring saturation of sonic feedback. The craftsmanship of the songs is perhaps this albums most noticeable improvement when compared to their past work. They are now a more rounded band, effortlessly able to slow things down to eerie, looming dirges that violently explode in all the right places, rather than keep things consistently going full throttle through each song. There is also a lot more musical maturity present as the group are seemingly becoming quite song structure driven, rather than running only on pure intensity. Another thing that deserves mention is the lyrical content of &quot;IOWA&quot;, which is substantially more personal, choosing to deal with the dark secrets of Corey's past and outlook on life rather than the call to arms anthems against society and &quot;normality&quot; that their self-titled opus contained. However, it is perhaps the deeper involvement of melodic singing and the broader range of highs and lows, coupled with an even more infuriated sense of aggression that really take the band up to the next level in terms of ability and ferocity. Yet still, though there's no question that this a devastating outing, the bulk of tracks on it are honestly not too far distanced from that of the bands previous work and suggests that they took a streamlined approach in favor of trying to further themselves and incorporate creative new ideas. In fact, &quot;IOWA&quot; sounds a lot like they were more intent on honing their style into a sharp point rather than evolving on to the next plateau and this is something which may dishearten those who were hoping to see them go on to break new ground. Unfortunately, there's also a tendency for the songs to sound a bit rushed and not yet fully realized, something which could probably be attributed to the bands hectic touring schedule and the short amount of time they took to write this album. That being said, &quot;IOWA&quot; is still an album that will disappoint very few and unquestionably go on to establish Slipknot at the forefront of modern metal for the new millennium. Its brutal, uncompromising and attacks from all angles making it pretty much everything they've promised and more. Without a doubt, Iowa is now firmly back on the map.
B00003CXA4|5.0|I've eagerly waited for this movie to come out on DVD for quite some time. Like many films in Columbia's archives (e.g. Lawrence of Arabia), Gandhi has taken its time to find its way to DVD. As a DVD package, Columbia Tri-Star has done an interesting, yet only minimal job. The Gandhi DVD case comes in a special translucent plastic sleeve with a color photo illustrated Wall Street Journal review insert. Of the DVD extras, of interest is an interview with Ben Kingsley, with his recollections of the production, including many insights into the behind-the-scenes workings and his own methods and feelings about working alongside many of Britain's &quot;Knights of the Cinema&quot; (e.g., Sirs John Gielgud, John Mills, et al). Of historical interest is a collection of period newsreels including one rare recording of the real Gandhi. (A minor embarrassment occurs in the Actor's filmography section where for Trevor Howard a photo of John Mills is displayed!) In comparison with Columbia Tri-Star's special releases of Lawrence of Arabia and Bridge on the River Kwai, this release of Gandhi on DVD pales in comparison. While the inter-option transitions are smoothly animated and the extras earn this DVD a higher ranking than say any of the meager DVD offerings that Paramount has offered to date, what Kingsley himself calls one of the &quot;last epics,&quot; Gandhi has only been given &quot;above average&quot; DVD treatment.
038532653X|5.0|As the author of a series of (as-yet-to-be-published) childrens/young adults-oriented books, and a father who reads aloud to his child, I found &quot;Skellig&quot; to be an excellent book. Mr. Almond manages very effectively to capture and hold the reader's and listeners' attention. His characters are real and surreal at the same time, having both a &quot;neighborly&quot; and otherworldly quality. The reader is able to witness Skellig's change from scary and curmudgeonly, to loving and caring, (in the eyes of Michael and Mina), and to share in their mutual growth experiences as well. We are all changed for the better by our brief association with Skellig. I found Mr. Almond's choice of language usage and phraseology very effective at conveying the location of the story. His chapters lend themselves well to being read aloud; not too long, and not so short that they seem choppy or do not entice you to read on to the next chapter. I wouldn't mind if Skellig turned up in our garage, someday.
B00004R9A4|3.0|This film has a wonderful animation sequence directed by one of the premiere animation team of Disney Ward Kimble. The film also has great songs and quality but....I've never been prompted to do this before but I must for the discerning individual the new lip sync, if I can call it that is bad, David Tomlinson's impersonator and the lack of sync is truly irritating, frankly I'm shocked that the likes of Disney would let this film out in such uncompleted shape. That's it to those of you out there for whom this stuff is important when it comes to buy.
B00003CXRP|3.0|I am reminded of another Tom Hanks movie, &quot;That Thing you Do&quot;. In it the rock band choses to call itself the Oneders instead of the Wonders. Why is this movie called Cast Away instead of Castaway? Is this supposed to center the focus of the film where his girlfriend seems to cast him away? I thought this film was about the middle where he is a castaway on an island. Why go with such a deep title? It makes me think too much. I enjoyed Cast Away the first time out. I have friend at work who saw Cast Away the same weekend I did and he told me he walked out of the movie and got his money back after the first half hour! I thought he was an idiot because having seen the whole movie it was pretty good overall. I am no longer so sure he is so dumb, but he did miss most of the entertaining part of the film. Castaway is very engaging after the plane crashes as Chuck Noland (Hanks) must strategise for his survival and rescue. From the film's outset Hanks character is established as hard core dedicated to Federal Express and his customers. It is kind of sweet to see how he remains consistant to that trait even when he is alone on an island. He endures many painful hardships that will have you wincing and covering your eyes at times. It makes you very happy when he finally has a little victory. His relationship with Wilson the volleyball is a memorable touch. Tom Hanks performs his heart out as usual. Castaway takes a long time to get going. Before he becomes stranded the film needs to establish Hanks is dedicated to his job, has a girlfriend he hopes to marry, and has the beginnings of a toothache. Unfortunately it meanders by including an arguably unnecessary sub-story about a package from an anonymous customer and a friend who's wife has cancer. This could have all been much briefer as so much of it was mundane. I am a true believer that no good film can be too long and no bad film can be too short. Castaway falls somewhere in the middle. It is a good film bookendedbetween a dragging mediocre film. After spending eighty plus minutes on the island, Noland is finally rescued there is another extended segment which includes the public national welcome home parties, a failed reunion and a wrap up of the story of the anonymous customer's package. Hanks reflects on his experience and comes up with a metaphysical conclusion that he must just &quot;be&quot; which is neither inpiring or particularly insightful. The film is deeply flawed by continuing the films stay well beyond its welcome point. But of course Tom Hanks plays a character who is easy to care about making the film still worthy of a lackluster recommend. Like the newest Notting Hill super collector's DVD which has six hours of bonus material, Castaway contains more than I ever want to know about the movie. No less than five featurettes, including Hank's interview with Charlie Rose, Artwork, storyboards and commercials and trailers for the film. Plus a full length commentary by Director Robert Zemekis and crew. If you love Castaway you will certainly love this disc. If my review were only about the time spent stranded on the island I would be happy to give this film a stronger grade. Unfortunately over a third of the film drags unnecessarily I reluctantly must say this film can be a bit of a bore.
0399231919|5.0|Right after reading this book just once, my daughter was outside telling me all the different things the clouds looked like! This book really stimulates the imagination. The simple pictures and verse make it a great bed-time book for the little ones. It has quickly become one of my daughter's &quot;must-have&quot; going to bed books.
B00005MP58|4.0|To be honest, I have seen the previous edition (now off the market) and not this latest updated version which is apparently of higher quality. The DVD (first edition) was not bad; it just didn't do justice to the film quality. The ability to view particular scenes was not bad, and so was the ability to go to a particular time (say, 1 hour 57 mins into the film). What that DVD was missing was all the little extras - such as how the film was made, the interviews with the stars. If I were honest, I would say that the two major advantages of having the DVD version would be 1) the DVD takes up less space than the 6 cassette set. 2) the DVD allows you to go directly to a favorite scene (for me, the dance with Mr Darcy at Netherfield) and view it obsessively. If this new edition has more features as promised, and if the technical quality is much better, I would definitely consider upgrading, even though I already have the VHS set and the book. I am not bothering to rave on about the story or the acting and directing. For those, I recommend you read the other reviews. Basically, if you love Jane Austen (or for that matter, costume dramas set in England) you will love this production. If you don't like slowly-evolving stories with little overt physical passion, you may hate this DVD and consider it over-long at some 6 hours. But then again, you probably won't want to buy this DVD in the first place.
B000002UAU|5.0|MOST BEATLE REVIEWS EITHER GO OVERBOARD WITH THE &quot;ART&quot; TAG(ONE DOLT COMPARED THEIR ALBUMS TO WAR AND PEACE) OR RIPPING THEM BECAUSE THEY WEREN'T FROM CALIFORNIA. THE FACT IS THAT PEOPLE LIKE DYLAN &amp; BRIAN WILSON HAD NOTHING BUT GREAT THINGS TO SAY ABOUT THE BEATLES, INFLUENCING OTHER GREAT ALBUMS(PET SOUNDS). ITS JUST THE STUPID FANS OF THESE MUSICIANS THAT CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHAT THE BEATLES WERE DOING BACK IN 1966-1967. IT WAS AT THIS TIME THAT THE BEATLES WERE FORCED TO QUIT TOURING BECAUSE OF RIOTS THAT BROKE OUT AT THEIR CONCERTS AS WELL AS THE FACT THAT YOU CAN'T PLAY IF YOU CANNOT HEAR THE OTHER GUYS IN THE GROUP. SO THEY INSTEAD BECAME THE LEADING STUDIO BAND IN THE WORLD WITH THE HELP OF GEORGE MARTIN. THIS ALBUM WAS THE END RESULT. THIS MAY NOT OF BEEN THE BEST ALBUM EVER BUT IT IS STILL: FIVE STARS.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Continuing his character and plot driven craftsmanship from &quot;The Usual Suspects,&quot; Bryan Singer does a fine job of balancing between the hardcore X-Men fans and those who had never read the comics. A surprisingly enjoyable movie, this has a good dose of the humor of the comics (c'mon, they're mutants - that's inherently silly) while providing a serious dramatic thread (Hugh Jackman's performance as Logan is a breakout, as we can almost feel his anger at the world and his frustration with not being able to remember his past). The real standouts here, though, are Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellan, who dominate the two sides of the movie. It's a real treat when two actors of their caliber can go up against each other in a movie. The DVD is flawless, and has plenty of fun extras (Jackman's screen test, obviously done after the original actor playing Wolverine was injured, is interesting to see). A small warning to parents: the flashback scenes are quite intense and more than a little disturbing. There is one glaring omission to this DVD, probably the result of it being rushed out for the winter holidays: there is no commentary track from Bryan Singer or from anyone else. That, and the DVD menus can be annoying to navigate. Make sure to turn the sound down before going to the special features menu, as it has an annoying motorcycle sounds that never stops.
B00005A46T|3.0|The new Slipknot disc is, in my opinion, nowhere near as scary as the first album was/is. However, this does not seem to detract from the overall heaviness of the album. To me, it seems to start a bit too, well, average. The legendary drums are backed off and the lead vocals are nowhere as intimidating as previous experiences have lead me to expect. While I find Left Behind to be nowhere near its former album equal, Wait and Bleed, it is a surprisingly decent song, approaching ballad. It also marks the turning point for the album, the songs following it are very reminiscent of the style music which brought Slipknot to fame, the heavy drums and almost discordant riffs return with a more professional touch of balance and arrangement. So, while I don't find the album near as good overall as Slipknot was, it is a good album and decidely better than some of the new stuff hitting mainstream these days. The most disappointing thing to me is the noted lack of scariness to tis album, the wild changes and freaky drumlines are gone replaced by a much more conjunct style, and I miss the almost-horror feel of the old album. Even this albums answer to Scissors, Iowa, is no where near as disturbing as Scissors.
B00000JPH6|4.0|A fantastic transfer of a landmark film. Highly recommended for any fan of Jim Henson and Frank Oz. Includes some interesting making-of pieces, including work prints of a deleted funeral scene that was cut for time. Also has an original version of the Emperor's death scene where the villains speak in their language, which was then subtitled. All in all, a great DVD, except for the glaring lack of a commentary track.
0060194995|5.0|This was an awesome book to read....I absoultly loved it! I think that everybody should read this book because it really gives you something to think about!
B00000JPH6|5.0|A great DVD transfer of an underestimated movie. Flawless colors that avoid the darkness problem of the previous transfer. Completely remastered print. Couldn't ask for a better version, especially with the great extras packed in. This DVD further cements Jim Henson and everyone elses reputation at the Workshop as masters of their form. A little dark for kids, so save it until they're teenagers.
B000006MS3|4.0|I have yet to appreciate this album fully. It's not a Kate Bush Album I play very often, but every artist needs to trip out sometime and do something unique. when I get the Remaster I hope I can appriciate it more!
B00000IUT7|1.0|I bought this for my little boy and was very disappointed with this engine. It couldn't pull the other cars and would get stuck at the bottom of the hill spinning its wheels. It was constantly falling off the track around sharp turns. You would be better off with the smaller engines. This is the first trouble I have had with the Brio and Thomas trains.
B00000K2VZ|5.0|Wonderful bluesy, Raw, Garish, passionte music, Brilliant, she was taken away too soon
B00005A46T|5.0|One word to describe this CD: AMAZING. If you don't have it, stop sitting and get it
B000002U9E|5.0|The Musical Complexity of this album trancsends the pop genre. Brilliant
B00003CXXI|5.0|I am an avid movie viewer whether at the theatre or on video or dvd. I saw this movie twice in a 2 week period and am still impressed by the story this is a great movie destinmed to be a classic passed from generation to generation. This ranks with the top Fairy Tales that I grew to know and love as a child. THIS IS A FANTASTIC MOVIE
B00000DQSS|3.0|Breathing and Baboshka I like, but I have a hard time getting into this one. It may grow on me though
B00000JPYQ|5.0|&quot;Strangers In The Night&quot; shows a great band at the height of its powers! UFO exudes raw energy on this album, combined with great musicianship and purpose. This album also provides an excellent showcase for the mighty Michael Schenker. Anyone doubting the man's greatness has only to hear the live version of &quot;Lights Out.&quot; This song alone makes the CD! &quot;Lights Out&quot; is one of the greatest rock/metal songs ever produced! Also, It's here that Michael Schenker posts one of the greatest solos ever! With his guitar mastery Schenker has made a valid claim as one of the best guitarists in rock history. &quot;Doctor Doctor&quot; is also a good song. Buy this album now and be blown away by Michael Schenker's magic!
B000006U44|5.0|i have the Uk version of this album and it's great. Every song is strong and it has Wuthering Heights.
B000009QPE|5.0|I know I'm probably not telling most of you anything new, but this is a great album. It's very fast, very heavy, and very technical. Songs like &quot;Raining Blood&quot; and &quot;Angel of Death&quot; have become classics, and all you have to do is listen to them to understand why. These guys make some killer riffs (most notably on &quot;Jesus Saves&quot; and &quot;Postmortem&quot;, which I can actually play), and the solos are really good too (and yeah, kinda noisy, but they're supposed to sound that way). Dave Lombardo's drumming is off the charts. The only other drummers who even come close are Gene Hoglan, Mike Portnoy, and the guy from Vader (and yeah, I guess Paul Bostaph, but I was trying not to name too many, okay?). Tom Araya is no vocal genius, but his voice suits the music perfectly. I mean, what do you expect, Perry Como? The lyrics are really not that bad. As far as sickness goes, they're pretty tame compared to most of the stuff that Cryptopsy and Cannibal Corpse write. And, I think they have guts to speak openly, and critisize. I mean, the first ammendment is there, you might as well use it. Besides, if you actually read the lyrics (and I doubt that most of the people who critisize them do), it all appears to be pretty satirical, for the most part. I certainly don't mind. I don't think this is quite their best album (listen to &quot;South of Heaven&quot; and &quot;Seasons in the Abyss&quot; to hear them at their best), but this album is defnitely a classic, and certainly mandatory for all who like extreme music.
B000007MVL|5.0|In a sentence this is a Life changing experience. It's just Unbelievable!!!...
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is one of those albums that never gets old. This album was first given to me by my cousin about 8 or 9 years ago, and I've loved it ever since. It was my first taste of Maiden, and now they are one of my all-time faves. And, this is one of their best albums. It all starts off with &quot;Aces High&quot; (one of the hardest songs of all time to play on guitar), and never misses a step after that. I mean, the great songs just keep coming, one after the other. The epic &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot; is just great. Not quite on the level with some of Dream Theater's 10+ minute monsters, but it still holds your attention from beginning to end. I also recommend reading the poem this song is based on. It's really cool. There's just not enough I could say about this album. The guitar solos are superfast, and Bruce Dickinson's vocals almost shatter glass (I mean that in a good way!). This is the second best album of the 80's (right behind Queensryche's &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;), and one of the best albums of all time. If you love rock, metal, polka, whatever, you need to buy this. Also check out the new album, &quot;Brave New World&quot;, which is more progressive and melodic, a lot like Dream Theater, truely amazing, but anything by Maiden is great. Real metal will never die as long as these guys are still around. UP THE IRONS!!!
B00000J2PH|4.0|she was a great writer, a good singer and the album is nice sunday afternoon offering
B000002L42|4.0|I recently heard this CD mixed in with other non Steely Dan tunes at, of all places, a chinese restaurant. I thought - Wow, is this new? I didn't realize that I already had the CD in my collection. When I got home, I gave the Alive in America CD another listen, and began to really appreciate the album. If you like Steely Dan, you should really own this CD.
B00000DCHD|4.0|Quite a memorable album really, My Life is a stand out
B00003CY0V|5.0|This movie was sooooooo awesome. I had no idea that it was going to be this great, I thought it just rocked when John Travolta pulled out the trusty M60 Minimi and just railed the SUV about 400 times. VERY VERY GOOD, a must in my collection.
B00004YW6I|5.0|This is my favorite record of last year. More immediate and accessible than its predecessors, it aims for the low hangin fruit and connects masterfully. As always, there's a delta blues uncurrent to her work that's plainly evident here. What's surprising is just how well she's been able to accent her sometimes arid sound by cranking up the guitars and lifting the tempo. This really is a rock record, through and through. The duet with Thom Yorke is gorgeous and literate, the very essence of PJ.
B00003CXSP|5.0|HANNIBAL is an amazing film. This is an incredible film. What initially seems like a grotesque homage or even satire to the horror/slasher genre is far from that. There also is no clearly defined narrative flow to this film. It meanders in and out of dark and light places. And the fact that there is an obvious stylistic approach to many of the scenes is a bit unsettling. But that is what is at the heart of this film. It is disturbing to watch. The viewer never knows when or what or if anything is going to jump out at them. On the second and third viewing of HANNIBAL, I began to enjoying watching how the film unfolded. I think director Ridley Scott really avoids the shock value, or actually the suspense value of the story. Yes, there is a definite shock value during the finale of this film, but it is an emotional toying with the viewer. Ray Liotta certainly gets his comeuppance, Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal is certainly a very sick and grotesque individual and Julian Moore's Clarice is reduced to a curious bystander at this last supper of sorts. But, what does the viewer feel? Does the viewer have feelings of loyalty and to whom? We have already seen how Gary Oldman was a rather unscrupulous disfigured individual who may have been an even worse an excuse for a human being than Hannibal. Who was the viewer rooting for during that scene as pigs were about to much away at ole Hannibal? And then we go back to Giancarlo Giannini. He was barely a corrupt policeman. He just wanted to make a little money on the side. I think with his demise the viewer has his sympathies. But it is at that point that the viewer begins to question the higher order of right and wrong. If anything, HANNIBAL is certainly thought provoking. I think we sort of wanted to see him escape to freedom and provide us with some culinary delights for the next time.
0783225970|4.0|&quot;Sanitation..I told you to say you was in a sanitarium..,not sanitation.. &quot;I told you to tell them you was in a sanitarium,you had TB and you was cured&quot;. Best line in the movie.
006092988X|5.0|A Tree Grows in Brooklyn has a depth of themes and characterisation sufficient for composition of a thesis on the topic, cleverly hidden in the depiction of banal, every day happenings. In the relationships depicted, one gains a deep picture of every form of love, with no minimising of the joy, pain, sacrifice, or strength which each presents. Heroine Francie is an intriguing character - both a dreamer, who always is looking for the happy ending, and a creature of habit in the midst of an otherwise individualistic family. She is a curious lonely child who realises, always after the fact, that her isolation was entirely her own doing. One can practically feel Francie's conflicts, for example in that, where she knows she should think her mother is noble and her father &quot;no good,&quot; she so favours Papa (and the reader can certainly see why.) I shall admit that one prominent theme kept me wondering - and this perhaps was the author's intention. There is much excessive patriotism in this book, as if everything is best just by being American (particularly if one was born in the States rather than an immigrant.) Francie's mother, Katie, is the sort of &quot;noble&quot; poor woman who would be acceptable to those believing in the American dream - totally hard-working, and ultimately rewarded by a marriage to a wealthy politician. Yet it is all too clear that Katie, the tolerable poor lady who insists she'll kill herself and her children before she'll take a basket from the Catholic Charities, is often the very source of her children's sufferings. Her pride has a very dark side which her dedication to hard work does not lessen - she would let her children starve, or leave a pleasant home for a dismal one, entirely because she needs to be superior, not equal to, those of her own class and background. Without giving away the ending to new readers, I must add that it has its paradoxical elements. The supposedly immense good fortune of the conclusion concurrently makes it clear that these people will be isolated from people and places which they had loved and enjoyed. In fact, the single poor point in the book's development is the trite rags to riches theme. These are only a few of many examples of the sort of gritty realism, countered by warmth and humour, which make this book so fascinating. It is easy and engaging reading on one level, but enormousely insightful and complex. There is no stock &quot;good and evil&quot; or &quot;right and wrong,&quot; nor are situations resolved in any fashion neater than that of &quot;true life.&quot; It is true that there is no actual plot, but I believe that this is key. Betty Smith is giving us much truth about life and love, which never fits into a clean story line. Even the minor characters provide strong depictions of the beauty, weakness, and complexity of human nature.clear that these people will be isolated from people and places which they had loved and enjoyed. In fact, the single poor point in the book's development is the trite rags to riches theme. These are only a few of many examples of the sort of gritty realism, countered by warmth and humour, which make this book so fascinating. It is easy and engaging reading on one level, but enormousely insightful and complex. There is no stock &quot;good and evil&quot; or &quot;right and wrong,&quot; nor are situations resolved in any fashion neater than that of &quot;true life.&quot; It is true that there is no actual plot, but I believe that this is key. Betty Smith is giving us much truth about life and love, which never fits into a clean story line. Even the minor characters provide strong depictions of the beauty, weakness, and complexity of human nature.
B00005JG6Q|4.0|this is a really kewl anime movie. it has great animation and music. the violence gets a little over board and so does the language. still, the movie is very enjoyable untill the last 20 minutes. it completly freaked me out! i personaly dont like movies when people change into things painfully and oh does that happen here! its a scene when the charater Tetsuo changes into this huge mix of flesh and wires and its just soo wierd! and to add to that the ending makes no sense! i have to watch this a few more times to help understand it better but i wish that one scene wasnt so powerful and disturbing. if you can handle mature and violent scenes easily go ahead, but if you dont like body transformations like me, you may not want to watch that part.
B00003CXTF|4.0|I thought that the movie itself was excellent. It was kinda long and lacked alot of solid fact but for the most part the factual info that was in was presented extremely well.
B00005B5L4|4.0|Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Rumours&quot; has been released in 5.1-channel, 96-kHz, 24-bit surround sound. The mix is well balanced, which is the first time I've been able to write that about a Warner Music DVD-Audio disc. The reason for the correct balance may be that Ken Caillat, who normally works on the Silverline label (see the Inside the Music series of DVD-Audio discs), created the 5.1 channel mix of Rumours. The bass sound is warm and clear, with only occasional hiss from the original master tapes heard. LFE levels are exactly where they should be. The high frequency sounds are pleasant and not overemphasized. The music - well this is &quot;Rumours&quot;. At least 9 of the 12 tracks (one former B-side added for good reasons) are easily recognizable to anyone with an FM radio set to a rock station. That's hard to say for almost all other albums, even &quot;greatest hits&quot; collections. Stand-out tracks are &quot;Never Going Back Again&quot; with four accoustic guitars, one in each channel. It is a fascinating effect as the different guitars go in and out of phase. &quot;The Chain&quot; is very warm sounding. &quot;You Make Loving Fun&quot; is just plainly great. However, there are some negatives as well. Some of the mixes, such as &quot;Second Hand News&quot;, sound as if all the music is spread to the &quot;walls&quot; in specific locations without anything in the middle. It almost reminds me of early stereo albums where the vocals were the only thing on a channel, but spread to five speakers. <BR>There is also a &quot;floating instrument&quot; in two of the tracks. I really like the use of instruments in the rear channels when done properly. But, with the exception of a few songs that aren't yet available on DVD-Audio, I can't find any reason for an instrument to start on the left front channel, work its way back to the left rear and then move forward again, all in the space of a phrase of music. The only &quot;extra&quot; worth mentioning is an audio track ofthe band commenting on making the album. Very interesting, but I also wish I could separately hear the non-vocal tracks that make-up the music bed for the commentary. The disc also has a 2-channel 96-kHz, 24-bit mix and a Dolby Digital mix for playing on some regular DVD-Video players. So, overall this is a 4.7 on the 1 to 5 scale. To be consistent with other reviews, this gets truncated to a 4, since 4.7 isn't supported. I'd rank this as my second choice for DVD-Audio behind &quot;Inside the Music : New Wave&quot;. Before I go, one word of advice to Warner Music - have Mr. Caillat work on more of your DVD-Audio discs.
B00005IC52|5.0|Probably one of the best thrillers of this type I've ever seen, and unfortunately, one of the more obscure films of the 70's. It involves a sorority house and a killer that's crept up into the attic. The only girls left in the house are the ones that haven't departed for the holidays, and eventually they regret that decision. Initially, the campaign of terror begins with a series of ghoulish prank calls. The caller, speaking in about twenty different voices---or identities---is absolutely koo-koo for Coco Puffs; the calls vary between filth and death threats. This inevitably leads to the horror formula where the killer is &quot;calling from inside the house&quot; which remains a kind of creepy medium even after thirty years. As it moves on at a reasonably fast pace, the movie of course points you towards probable suspects. In the meanwhile, the bodies are piling up. Eventually, the in-house protagonist list gets streamlined down to the prettiest of the girls, who has yet to realize that most of her friends are dead upstairs. Specific comments made during the prank calls soon convince her that the killer is her own jilted boyfriend, who seems a likely enough suspect. Underlying everything is a morbid sense of humor, that slanted kind of Chainsaw Massacre humor. I don't want to ruin the movie for any first-timers, so without hinting at the nature or identity of the killer, I'll just say that I recommend this movie highly. In years to come, this kind of film became most frequently replaced by straight out slasher movies with little or no suspense behind them. Dark thrillers such as Black Chistmas should be enjoyed for the rarities they are.
0790729725|5.0|This is one of the all time great movies. It portays the life a mobster nammed Herny Hill, this is also a true story. Herny Hill wants to be a mobster since he was a kid and then becomes one. He slowly loses his touch get caughtm, has to rat on his friends. then go into the witness protection program and he misses his life as a mobster with all the action. Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, and Joe Pesi gives excellent performences. Joe Pecsi won the acadamy award for best supporting actor in 1991 for his performance.
0452282152|3.0|Another book that features art by Vermeer. The story is well written, but the main characters never really grabbed my attention. I could never feel the pull of the art or artist, as in the Girl in Hyacinth Blue.
B000051VWW|5.0|This is another oddball in my collection of mostly heavy metal. Sade is simply one of the best lyricists I have ever heard! My favorite song is &quot;Slave Song&quot; and &quot;By Your Side&quot; comes in at a close second. &quot;Flow&quot; and &quot;King Of Sorrow&quot; are also amazing. Great work, and I'm looking forward to her next release.
B000002H72|5.0|Buy this album, put the stereo on as loud as it will go and stick your head in the speaker - it will blow you away! I'll never be the same after buying this album. 'Debaser' will vie with 'Smells like teen spirit' as THE song of the 90's....... Absolutely BRILLIANT!
0316777722|5.0|A review in less than 1000 words... FANTASTIC!
B00003CXA2|5.0|I received my copy of Forrest Gump the day it came out. Not only is the movie funny, touching, and heart felt, the DVD is of great quality. There are the two deleted scenes (Martin Luther King and Ping Pong with George Bush) and they also show how they were made. There is section on the visual effects that were done in the movie. I find it very interesting. I recomend this DVD to anyone who likes the movie. I also highly recomend the movie to anyone who likes Tom Hanks and his work.
B000002HRE|1.0|To sayu METALLICA is the best band ever and that this RELOAD is a masterpiece must be some kind of cruel joke! RELOAD was made from the ashes of LOAD. If LOAD was already a bomb, you can imagine what RELOAD is... METALLICA, at least you could change your name.
B00004T37H|5.0|I recently saw this movie and thought it was awesome! Hayao Miyazaki really knows how to create a story that makes you feel like you are right there with the characters, fighting the same fight. I really recommend this to everyone children and adults alike!
0312955006|5.0|Raymond Chandler defined the detective genre in the 1930's. Trouble, gritty, driven, decisive, Phillip Marlowe wandered a world of fallen angels and moral decay. Transposing the 30's with modern Los Angeles, Michael Connelly's &quot;Concrete Blond&quot; nails the genre with a masterwork of crackling authenticity and breathtaking pace. After tracking and killing a notorious serial killer, Harry Bosch-our modern hero-finds himself the poster boy for LAPD's rampant abuses. Sued by the dead man's widow for using excessive force, he's blistered by the legal system, the media and a charismatic attorney as he discovers that maybe he was wrong after all-the killer may still be out there. Brilliant and stylish, the&quot;Concrete Blonde&quot; delivers on every level.
0790749998|5.0|I thought this movie rocked, I just saw it last night and decided to tune in since Aaliyah was in it. Aaliyah is such a great actress, she portrayed her character so well and was in top form. It is heartbreaking to have such a multitalented young star leave the world in the manner she did. But back to the movie, Jet Li and Baby Girl's chemistry was wonderful, you could really see something happening with them in the movie. The action rocked!!! This was just an all artound great love story/action flick rolled into one. Aaliyah RIP
6305922756|5.0|As other reviewers have admirably reviewed the rockumentary itself, I am going to focus on the DVD extras, and there are plenty. First, there is a present day interview with Marty DiBergi, where he laments that he hasn't received more work because he is now considered old. As he says, &quot;It's not my fault Stanley Kubrick's last movie stunk.&quot; Reiner plays a dead-on bitter old director. There is also over an hour of segments that did not make the rockumentary itself. Most notably, we are given a closer look at the band's venereal diseases. In addition, there are trailers from the original release, commercials for the &quot;albums&quot;, and segments of the band promoting the tour on the Joe Franklin Show. Finally, the segment true Tap fans were clamoring for, Guest and McKean commenting on the film IN CHARACTER. For a Tap afficianado, the DVD is absolutely essential.
B00005JHAB|5.0|The Wedding Planner is the best movie I've ever seen. There isn't one bad thing I can say about it! The whole entire cast was wonderful! J.Lo was amazing! I would love to see Justin Chambers(Massimo-He was SOO adorable!!) in more movies, and am definitely going to see &quot;The Musketeers&quot; the first day it comes out! Wonderful, wonderful movie! I would LOVE to see a sequel! KatieBSBAC
0060392886|5.0|I was floored. I was never a Motley Crue fan and didn't even buy the book originally. I started reading it at a friends house while I was on vacation and couldn't put it down. Then bought it myself because it's just that good! It's a no holds barred account of there roller coaster lives and is put together incredibly well with differing opinions and recollections of events from one chapter to the next. Everyone gets a chance to be heard. And what they have to say will blow your mind. Everyone knows the old tiered mantra &quot;Sex, Drugs, and Rock and Roll&quot; but it's one thing to just say that and a completely other thing to not only live it but give explicit details of it to all of us regular folk. Absolutly amazing, a must read!
0812589041|4.0|An excellent science fiction book; praise and dismissiveness both intended.
6303477259|5.0|This is the top of top in all live concerts. After the Delicate sound of thunder, i thought no other concert could top it. Then i saw PULSE. WOW!!!! From the opening number to the final encore, i was stunned, mesmerised and awed at the spectacle that is Pink Floyd. I loved the great special effects and the crowd certainly looked as though they were enjoying themselves. David gilmour and the other preformers looked as though they were enjoying themselves andthat adds for an excellent viewing session. The highlight of the video, i feel, is the brilliant conclusion to the song Comfortably Numb where the big....... Now you are going to have to see the video to see what i am talking about. Please do watch it and enjoy it as it is great entertainment and u will watch it over and over again. :) Shine On Everyone Scotty
0786889284|5.0|This book really grabbed me and hauled me into the book before I was past page 5. I was so involved in the solving of this case that I had trouble monitoring my loads of laundry so that everything was wrinkled beyond recognition from the dryer. You will love this book!
B00000JR2A|5.0|In a single year, 1905, Einstein published two earth shattering papers, each of which would have independently changed the world. I found listening to this album a similar, nearly unfathonable achievement for a single human mind...Roland Orzabal is one of the greatest musical talents of the century, and I have listened to thousands of artists over the preceding 25 years as a very serious music afficando. Essentially every song is a masterpiece, with deep social meaning, and the musical score in 'Swords and Knives' leaves one in sheer awe, wondering of the origins of Orzabal's creative energies. Listening to this album is perhaps comparable to viewing, for the first time, the Sistine Chapel. It is that magnificent. If you could take only 10 CDs in the world with you on a deserted island for the next half century, this would be one of them.
B00003CXTG|4.0|At first after hearing all the hype about this film I thought that it would just pan out as a typical pre-summer movie, I was wrong. What made it special for me was that I viewed it along side Japanese viewers. So it was pretty interesting viewing what was going on on screen and watching what was happening to the audience. I even saw a row of old men around their 60's watching...crying actually during the raid scenes. I wasn't sure how to react but that made it memorable for me. The movie made my summer, I won't even bore you with the details because if you haven't seen it and you're planning to buy the DVD,(preferably the one coming out this January 2002) Go ahead and pay-away, it's worth adding to your collection. I'm definitely getting my copy.
B00005A46T|4.0|Yes its finally here, and what can I say - its a great metal album. Certainly more technical and experimental that the first album, the only problem with this one is that although there are some great tracks here, only a few actually live up to the hype. And the hype was that this is going to be the greatest metal album of all time. Well its not. 'Skin Ticket' is the only song that you will hear on this album and no where else. This is a great example of what this album should have been. The rest are good, but somewhat lacking originality. Its still one hell of an album, buy it by all means, but just don't expect to fall on your head and die - its not a killer.
0425173755|4.0|I didn't like the way this story ended because it left me unsatisfied somehow and A.C used very different plot here than she usually &quot;weaves her webs&quot;. This is the most famous A.C book with the Murder of Roger Acroyd, Ten Little Indians and The Mousetrap(and other stories). After all, my personal favorite book have still remained after reading these &quot;famous&quot; books through. And this magnificent book is very, very exciting TOWARDS ZERO which is I suppose so, terribly overlooked and forgotten masterpiece. If you want to have a real murder thriller, where the murderer is throughly evil, intelligent &amp; mad, then you should read this &quot;Towards Zero&quot;. You propably won't regret reading it. Read some reviews of it and GET EXCITED.
B00003CXRP|1.0|WHAT A BORING MOVIE! Tom Hanks character was not likable. There was no emotion whatsoever. This was one script that should've been Cast Away. Only 1 star and that star goes to Lari White, the country singer who play the Angel sculptress. Shame on Tom Hanks and Helen Hunt for accepting the roles in this poor poor pitiful me story. If they had reversed some of the story by doing flashbacks with developing the relationship between Hunt and Hanks would have brought some emotion to the movie and made it somewhat enjoyable. I saw this for free is a sneak preview and my time was wasted. I like Tome Hanks and Helen Hunt and they are two of my favorite stars today. Oh well life goes on doesn't it Wilson?
B000002OX7|4.0|The Who really capture the sound of the 70's and in my opinion are the next best thing to the legends - PINK FLOYD. Who's Next is a brilliant album because it is varied and packed with classics. Some with pounding bass lines, some with brilliant riffs and some with excellent relaxing accoustic sections. If you like the Who or are interested then this is the album to get. Ladies and gentlemen this album will make you want to jump, dance, scream, sing, chill out and imagine but most importantly make you enjoy music. Play it in your car and go on a long drive, you will have a lot of fun.
B000002GJH|5.0|Temple Of The Dog is a creation arising out of tragic circumstances. Friends (Chris Cornell, Matt Cameron), bandmates (Jeff Ament, Stone Gossard) and hired guns (Eddie Vedder, Mike McCready) come together in this dedication to Andrew Wood; lead singer of the seminal Seattle band Mother Love Bone. Wood died of a heroin overdose in 1990, with most of his band eventually moving on to form the backbone of Pearl Jam. One might think with the rise of Pearl Jam around this time, that this would be a spotlight for Pearl Jam members; but Soundgarden's Chris Cornell shines through with an absolutely stellar performance. Writing or co-writing every song on this disc, Cornell shows a side of his music that wouldn't normally appear through Soundgarden's dense and furious outings. Chris' tributes to his friend, Andrew, are primarily 'Say Hello To Heaven' and the opus 'Reach Down', although other songs appear to be tributes as well. These two songs, above all others, exude the sorrow and frustration of losing a dear friend. Eddie Vedder and Chris Cornell perform the radio-friendly duet 'Hunger Strike', Eddie also providing backing vocals on a few tracks including the anguished 'Four Walled World'. Other highlights include 'Call Me A Dog', 'Your Savior' and 'Times Of Trouble'; a track who Stone Gossard later used the main riff in 'Footsteps' during Pearl Jam's performance on Rockline. The album closer 'All Night Thing' is a seductive, relaxing tune that provides a little therapy for the listeners that have just listened to the personal torment that Temple Of The Dog has just put them through. Some might think that this is a &quot;Soundgarden Light&quot; album, but this is hardly the case. There are some heavy topics and themes but accompanied with some beautiful rhythms. At other times you have some (for lack of a better word) grungy songs with passionate vocals by Chris. Generally its a musical and emotional rollercoaster.
B00005LOUP|5.0|Having grown up with The Grinch, it always bothered me - it was just so scary. Now this is one of my all time favorite shows (even though Jim C. is not my favorite) - my husband and kids went three times to this, which is very unusual. I can't wait to buy this on DVD!
B00003CXA6|5.0|This is a very fascinating film and DVD. The movie is by far the best film to come out in the last thirty years about the events of the Civil War. With only little dramatic license taken (the biggest being an inaccurate account of Robert E. Lee's life during the battle), this film is very good. All the members of the cast and production team gave there all into making this memorable film. The DVD is just as memorable. It features a wealth of information on the battle, the making of the film, and theatrical trailers and cast and crew interviews. But I believe the highlight of the DVD to be the commentary track by Writer/Director Ronald F. Maxwell, Military Historian Craig Symonds, Author and Historian James M. McPherson, and Director of Photography Kees Van Oostrum. It offers a wealth of info on the production of the film and the battle at it's backdrop. It is about the battle, but at the core of it, it's about the people who lived through it. Try not to miss this exciting piece of entertainment. Great for History Classes! Grade: A+
B00005A46T|5.0|This album is what slipknot first album should have been. It s no more korn + pantera style now it s really slipknot style (morbid angel + sepultura) and it sounds f**kin terrible. If u only liked Wait &amp; Bleed in their first album, don t buy IOWA !
B00005O3VD|5.0|It's no coincidence that when Barbra performed live, she looked back upon her repertoire of music and chose things like &quot;People&quot; and &quot;Don't Rain on My Parade&quot; to sing. The score to the Broadway show and this movie is one of the best musical scores ever, no doubt made better by Streisand's incomparable voice. The movie itself is beautifully filmed, and while some of the editing leaves a bit to be desired, it tells the story of the comedic legend Fanny Brice. Brice, whose career Streisand's seemed to have an uncanny likeness, was one of the Ziegfeld legends, and it's fitting that a legend in the making was chosen to play her on the stage and the big screen. Streisand turns in one of her best performances in all of her movies, and her ability to relate to her character is readily apparent in both her acting and her vocal interpretations of the many wonderful songs. While the VHS edition of the movie has been on my shelf for many years, I saw a preview of the DVD and it's simply awesome. Definitely one for the collection, whether you're a Streisand fan or not.
B0000508U6|5.0|Parachutes represents quality music with originality. Yes it may be classified as another Oasis band however the distinct feature making this band better than any other indie bands is their sense of musicality. The lead singer Chris Martin is very talented, he has won music competetions as a young child and has thus been dedicated to music. Perhaps the main reason why Coldplay have produced a brilliant album is because they are not playing for money and have infact declined many large offers because they fear it will affect the music they produce. This album can be described as dreamy and beautiful. It is not too imposing and not background music - it is very melow. I would recomend this album to those who enjoy Pink Floyd, Air and The Verve. I would also like to add that the album has been brilliantly recorded (every sound is crystal clear).
B000000W5L|5.0|Let's get this straight out front -- some people are Stones' people and some are Beatles'. You can like both, but you fall one way or the other. I am a Beatles' person. This album, however, is unbridled blues/rock and, at least in my opinion, the best work the Stones ever did. There are no weak tracks, no filler. I didn't &quot;get&quot; this album when I was 16 and listened to it once. I heard it again, 16 years later and now have had a few years to ponder what that numb-skull kid was thinking all those years ago. Best work the Stones ever did? It's the best work anyone ever did. Better rock 'n' roll than Sgt. Pepper. Better than Abbey Road. Get it. Listen to it three times. You'll see.
0553277472|5.0|This book changed my life. This is one of those books that you either get or you don't. It is all about timing. When it was my time, I stopped doing everything else to read it. I was in the throes of a major mental meltdown. The world I was physically living in was not the world I was living inside of my head. The separation had become almost unbearable. <br />If you are a thinker, analyzing everything (and I mean everything) and have reached the point that you are not sure you can think any deeper and that the rest of the world around you seems far away, this is your book. If you are peeling away the onion layers of the mystery of life from a purely intellectual standpoint and you have realized that it can be infinitely sliced and you are questioning your sanity compared to those around you, this is the book for you. <br />Sure the author is relatively depressed and the tone is not overly buoyant, but this book will take you on the ride of your life. It will take you to the edge but it will not take you over the edge. You will come back and you will come back feeling relieved. You are not alone; there are millions out there who feel the same way. Or this book may save your life. It brought me back by making me realize someone had taken the journey I was about to take and made me realize that it was not the route I wanted to take. <br />Update: I work with people who are homeless, including those who are schizophrenic, chemically addicted, living with other mental illnesses and a whole host of other life issues. <br />This book stands the test of time. Mr. Pirsig was fortunate enough to have lived as long, and as well, as he did before it became too much for him. Many people never return; these are people I see daily. This book, quite honestly, helps the rest of us understand what others with similar thought patterns are living with every day. This is more than Boomer self-indulgence, as one reviewer noted: this is what people I work with wrestle with in their mindsevery day of their lives. <br />Mr. Pirsig shows us that it is possible to get out (even though the details of his journey back is somewhat skethcy). His follow-up, Lila, is also highly recommended. <br />...
B00005O3VD|5.0|I am SO happy that Barbra has decided to release this on DVD. I have the VHS version, but DVD will bring it back to it's theatrical life, that it deserves! There is no one like Barbra, and never will be again in our lifetime. My only hope is that she will include a lot of behind the scenes, making of, etc on this video. Also, Barbra, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE release your other movies AND just as important, your TV shows on DVD, especially the ones that were never released on VHS, Belle of 14th Street, Barbra Streisand and other Musical Instruments. How about a DVD showing all of your TV appearances. THAT would truly be a gift to your fans. How about it GORGEOUS?
B000002NJS|5.0|I listen to &quot;Ray of Light&quot; over and over again. I get lost in the music. What a great song. &quot;I feel like I just got home&quot;
6304196784|5.0|One of the most funny movies ever. Every time you watch it, you find new things to enjoy. John Cleese is excellent as the typical English lawyer, who is dying to break out of harness of Englishness, Jamie Lee Curtis is the most sexy gangster girl ever and Kevin Kline is the most cliche American hitman you can imagine. There are numberous brilliant and classic scenes, varying from John Cleese who is being disturbed while stripping and spreaking Russianby the new owners of a house he has hired from a friend to Jamie Lee Curtis explaining to the ultra-stupid Kevin Kline that the London Underground is NOT a political movement. And you also learn how to torture a person using only French fries and a pear. So watch it, enjoy it and laugh yourself to pieces.
0736621474|5.0|A novel about vampires taking over the Earth at first sounds incredibly hokey and stupid. Trust me folks, I Am Legend is anything but that. It is not your typical vampire story. Forget all the others. This is a master writer of science fiction and horror at work, and this is easily his best. I have read I Am Legend so many times, I've lost track. It is absolutely spellbinding, mezmerizing, and riveting. The book has been turned into motion pictures twice.. once about 40 years ago with Vincent Price in the lead. That one is far superior to the 1970s remake &quot;The Omega Man&quot; with Charlton Heston. The plot of the remake is so terribly twisted, that anyone seeing it, if they can withhold laughing at its stupidity, would certainly never pick up this book to read if they thought it was the same as that film. Just forget &quot;The Omega Man.&quot; Pretend you never heard of it. Matheson is one of the legendary kings of science fiction, right up there alongside Ray Bradbury. He wrote the screenplays for about a quarter of the original Twilight Zone series shows. His writing style is fluid, literate, and very easy to read. &quot;I Am Legend&quot; is about Robert Neville, a regular but smart kinda guy in the 1970s who watches the population of Earth die around him, infected by a world-wide plague which cannot be stopped. Somehow, he's not sure, he is immune. His friends and family die. Bodies are burned in huge pits until even those doing the burning die. Society shuts down. Some of the dead return as living zombies, who hide and sleep during the day and come out at night to raise Hell.. He spends his days combing the empty streets of Los Angeles for clues, for supplies, food, gasoline, to take back to his suburban home which he's turned into a sealed fortress, and looking for the undead into whose hearts he drives wooden stakes that he tediously grinds himself on a lathe. He rummages libraries to read medical texts for clues as to what it all means.  At night when the undead come out to taunt him, he hides in his home, cranking up his hifi to shut out the noise of their howling. He's the last man on Earth, as far as he knows. How long can he last? How long can he keep his sanity in this totally insane world? Are there any other normal people out there or is he totally alone? Read this short novel and you will never forget it. Perhaps it'll become your favorite, as it became mine the first time I picked it up in the 1960s.e undead come out to taunt him, he hides in his home, cranking up his hifi to shut out the noise of their howling. He's the last man on Earth, as far as he knows. How long can he last? How long can he keep his sanity in this totally insane world? Are there any other normal people out there or is he totally alone? Read this short novel and you will never forget it. Perhaps it'll become your favorite, as it became mine the first time I picked it up in the 1960s.
0800177177|3.0|I am not one of those purists who demands that movies be the exact duplicates of any novel they adapt (see Werner Herzog and Klaus Kinski's Nosferatu instead if you insist on such purity). There are, after all, some things that work in novels that don't work in movies and vice versa. But this film's title is highly misleading. As it has been noted before, Coppola takes too many liberties with the story. Some of the changes are actually an improvement on the novel, including the way Coppola brings out the suppressed eroticism of Stoker's novel and the many improvements made to the character of Van Helsing (who was one dimensional in the novel). However, other liberties (e.g., showing Dr. Seward inject himself with morphine for 10 seconds then ignoring this subplot for the rest of the movie) are unecessary and pointless and add nothing to the characters or plot, and others (the whole melodramatic and soap-operaesque love story that derails half the movie) detract from the story to a huge extent. It also seems that for every good point there is a bad point. Some of the visuals, for example, are amazing, but the techniques sometimes get in the way of the storytelling (especially during Dracula's ocean cruise, a chilling part of the novel largely cut in order to make room for the ridiculous love story). The casting of Tom Waits as Renfield is brilliant, but his subplot was also badly compressed so that, e.g., Dracula could make a speech about Absinthe.  Anthony Hopkins is superb as the improved Van Helsing, but Keanu Reeves' terrible performance is absolutely excruciating to watch and Winona Ryder does a mediocre job largely thanks to her poor attempts at an English accent. And Gary Oldman is great in his title role and, admittedly the substandard love story does give him more room to develope the character, but this does not fully redeem the new storyline. And Coppola uses visual techniques to add to the story (e.g., Dracula's shadow which seems to act independently ofhis body), but ironically sticks to the novel's storytelling technique of switching from one character's diary to another for narration in a way that leaves the movie disjointed (it works far better in prose format). If Coppola did stick strictly to the novel, or went to the other extreme and made it entirely his own vision, it could have been a brilliant movie, but instead he creates a mess by trying to accomplish both at the same time.
6305949980|5.0|What can I say, but BRAVO! A stop-motion picture of this calibur will NEVER be topped. Definitely an inventive way of visualizing holidays. Tim Burtons visions artistically come to life in this dark christmas tale. Great Job!
0380973650|5.0|I've been a fan of Gaiman's for about five years, beginning with his Sandman stuff. I've read each of his other books (Neverwhere, Stardust and Smoke &amp; Mirrors) as they were published and eagerly awaited the next. This is his newest book and, in my opinion, the best thing he's ever done. Bit by bit: Shadow: the book's main character. It begins with his release from a short prison term, a few days early, due to his wife's untimely death. With nothing tying him down, seemingly no reason to even continue living, he accepts a job from a stranger as an aid, chauffer, travelling companion, etc. While Shadow sometimes seems like a bit of a dullard, you can't help but love him. Even following him into places that seem boring, your interest never wanes. Easily the strongest of Gaiman's main characters yet. Wednesday: main supporting character. Shadow's employer. One of the American Gods, and one of fiction's all-time coolest characters. You can't not love Wednesday, even when he comes under fire late in the book. Supporting characters: one of the greatest casts of supporting characters since...well...ever, maybe. At least that i can think of. Anansi, Czernobog, the whole town of Lakeside. The supporting characters make the book just as much fun as any of the other, bigger elements. Atmosphere: in all these reviews, not once does anyone say Gaiman's prose is bad, and with good reason. He's a master at creating atmosphere, and the only times he's ever matched the atmosphere of this book are in Neverwhere and during The Kindly Ones storyline in Sandman. And the settings (Lakeside, Backstage, all the roadside attractions) make the book a lot more fun. All in all, this is one of the greatest books i've ever read. It's up there with Tristan Egolf's &quot;Lord of the Barnyard: Killing the Fatted Calf and Arming the Aware in the Cornbelt&quot; and Neal Stephenson's &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot;. Oh yeah, and &quot;The Stand&quot;. Read these books, you won't be disappointed.
B00005A46T|5.0|If you liked the 1st CD, this you will most likely like this one. It's much heavier. Seems like they dropped the rapping, which is something I liked. But still, this CD is just mind blowing. Not for the weak hearted! If you can handle it, it's one hell of a ride. Best songs are People=sh*t, Distasterpiece, Left behind, Skin ticket, Metabolic, and Everything ends. However, all songs are great. So go and pick up the CD today.
B000002552|5.0|I find it hard to believe that Columbia Records have only released a fraction of the legendary basement tapes that they have in their vaults . Considering that this is some of the greatest music of the 20th century , Columbia's oversight borders on the criminal ( it's a bit like locking away the Mona Lisa from public viewing ) . The unofficial 4 cd boxset of the basement tapes , which contain 128 tracks in remastered sound , currently in circulation puts this paltry Columbia release to shame . When will they learn ?
B00003CXE7|5.0|Russell Crowe's finest moment. This heartbreaking epic will take you through a range of emotions. From the glorious panoramas of Rome, the bloodiness of battle, and the heartwarming feelings of devotion a man has towards his family and country. Stand up and cheer for this Gladiator!
630469878X|5.0|I don't know of a woman on earth who doesn't love this movie. It's just great; the way things can get out of hand in a heartbeat, the consequences of pushing the envelope, the love for their mutual friendship, the bonding, the drama, the humor.... Life! Great, great movie. Perfect casting!
B000002BQK|4.0|I have often wondered that with her beauty, talent, and money what does Mariah do in her spare time. Does she go on shopping sprees, or does she paint her toenails? Or does she meditate about the duality of her persona? Which side of herself does she prefer: the progressive pop star in tight Gucci dresses or bland balladeer yelping to Middle America? If I was her, I would keep the tramp persona. I like it, and I don't understand what's wrong with it. People talk like she's Heidi Fleiss. I think she's just a jet setter who likes to wear fashionable clothes. &quot;Butterfly,&quot; her most diverse album, fits this image to a perfect T. &quot;Honey&quot; is a classic song-sexual, playful, but most importantly, fun. &quot;Fourth of July&quot; is brought to perfection by her airy contralto. &quot;The Roof&quot; is a remembrance of the past when the most serious sin kids committed was necking underneath the stars. &quot;Babydoll&quot; is first rate Missy Elliot, and Mariah's voice brings a breathlessness to the song that helps it be sexy but safe. It's the best song on the album because its telling of Mariah's market acumen. Hey, she can get down and dirty, but not too dirty; afterall, she has to think of the kids. &quot;Breakdown&quot; is pretty good, too - demonstrating, if anything, Mariah's shallow interest in hip hop. The problem with this album is the problem with every other Mariah album: the ballads. Yes, she can't help but mitigate the fears of the American in the cornfield by reassuring them that her hip hop dalliances are just mere trifles of amusement and that down deep she is still the same old gal singing &quot;Hero&quot; to the bathetic sentiments of mall chicks and baby boomers. But I prefer the tramp, and when people begin to realize that women don't have to be dowdy to be smart, then things might be a little better.
B0000019PA|2.0|Far from being the feel-good album of the decade, though at times optimistic, other times embarrassingly naive is the only way I could sum up this album after many, many listens. I do keep it on the shelf for its weird value, but unlike many of the reviewers here, cannot put it anywhere near my top ten list. It's good to hear an album using primarily acoustic instruments, recorded far beyond the reach of commercial influence; for that it is worthy of a star or two. However, many pitfalls exist for this listener: Jeff Mangum's voice is absolutely atrocious. Of course, I don't expect *any* singer to be dead-on all the time or well-schooled in music, but I can only hear his singing as some bizarre combination of a tone-deaf five-year-old and a singing corpse. <BR>I feel literally embarrassed listening to his lyrics, which betray some kind of comfort in helplessness, and a very immature and naive attitude reagrding sex and relationships, as if Mangum and his cohorts are stuck in arrested development. <br />Indeed, a child-like theme seems to be all over this album, and considering this is an album made by grown men, I find that quality chilling, rather than sentimental or nostalgic. I hear no \\"genius\\" on this album, as so many reviewers have said on this site. Genius is a term we use to describe the Mozarts and Einsteins of the world, and there is not one member of this band who is even remotely competent on his respective instrument. I would guess that this album attracts anyone who has the aesthetically retarded opinion that technique ruins art.<br />Although this may sound like some sort of cheap shot at the band (and I hardly intend it as such), this album sounds like pop music written by abused children.<BR>If the child's-view sound of this album is what makes it so attractive for its biggest fans, then I would submit that they are guilty of seeking sick, voyeuristic thrills, much like someone who enjoys watching suppressed news footage of people being killed in car accidents, feeling some sort of manufactured, vicarious pity for people they know nothing about.
B0000524E5|5.0|It seems like every time I mention how wonderful this movie is to a woman, I get the same reaction &quot;Typical Guy Movie!!!&quot;. Although there are several scenes which fall into that category, the movie is an overall love story. There are definitely some heartfelt moments and strong female charaters that will make any female fall in love with this movie.
0586045449|4.0|Though the title implies that this is the story of a single bomber crew over Germany in 1943, \\"Bomber\\" goes farther - much farther, only starting with the crew of the heavy bomber \\"Joe for King\\". Deighton proceeds to cover the families of the crew, other crew members and their superiors before cutting across the channel to the enemy - night-fighter pilots, their controllers in German air defense, various suspicious characters from across the spectrum of Germany's military - from \\"respectable\\" Luftwaffe and Wehrmacht personnel to shadowy types from the \\"Abwehr\\" and the SS. We also meet the civilian residents of Altgarten, a Ruhr-area town nobody would think of bombing, but which manages to get plastered all the same. It's mid-summer 1943, when \\"Joe for King\\" is sent into the Ruhr as part of a massive night-time raid against the industrial centers of Krefeld. Lacking night-vision goggles, RAF pilots drop their bombs on targets marked by flares left by directing aircraft - in this case, specially equipped Mosquitoe night-fighters. When the marking aircraft for the Krefeld raid is shot down too early, its flares are released over Altgarten. This error is compounded by inherent flaws in RAF tactics (like targeting bombs in the center of cities, where bombs are more likely to hit civilian homes than factories and military installations), and the town becomes the unintended target for the massive strike. \\"Bomber\\" is to RAF's wartime bomber command what \\"Traffic\\" is to the DEA - a story of massive scale borne by wide cast if characters that never stops growing. Deighton doesn't let something meaningless as nationality get in the way of determining who is good or evil (the Germans get the bombs here, but Nazi genocide also gets prominent mention, with plenty of nasty Waffen SS to remind us why people were fighting). On the British side, we see officers acting less like gentlemen than soldiers. Political correctness is the rule (this is the country that gave us \\"1984\\"; \\"Joe for King\\"'s commander is suspected of incipient Bolshevism - it's very name hints at Stalin). Those who won't fall in line risk being labeled as LMF (Lacking Moral Fiber) - officially branded as cowards. Though books with such a command of detail normally favor the efforts of those they depict, Deighton is uniformly negative on the subject, a tone reinforced by his many subplots. Lambert, \\"Joe for King's\\" rebel pilot, plays the best cricket in Bomber Command - leading his odious superior to compel his participation in an upcoming tournament on pain of getting LMF'd. (Worse - the commander puts pressure on Mrs. Lambert after her husband has departed for the big raid). The bombers fly from Warley Fen, a once verdant field seized from its original owners who now stare at the airfield, mourning for what they know they will never have again. In Germany, ADF is managed by August Bach, an aged warrior preparing to marry his young son's nanny, not knowing how her youthful looks have made her the target of vicious rumors through Altgarten. The pilots of a night-fighter squadron (nichtjagdeschwader), preparing for a feared RAF attack on the Ruhr, are thrown into turmoil when Abwehr and Gestapo appear in search of a stolen classifed memo. The memo, it turns out, details hypothermia experiments on concentration camp prisoners (this may be same memo mentioned early in Robert Harriss' superb \\"Fatherland\\"). The corrupt assistant to Altgarten's Burgomeister arranges for the downgrading of the town's remaining Jews (from 1/3rd to 2/3rd \\"Jewishness\\" - though these jews are even more likely to face deportation and certain death, they will have greater freedom to marry other jews). Altgarten itself is flooded with profiteers funneling goods looted from conquered parts of Russia and the Netherlands. It seems that war is the only thing keeping the world safe because it occupies all the amoral typed who have to fight it. The only morally just adults are the TENO - the civil safety personnel who dig people out of bombed buildings. Because they are stationed in Altgarten, they get the biggest break: when the raid comes, they have the shortest commute. With so much going on, you just know you're bound to miss something. This is the sort of book that speed-readers hate. You'll probably lose count of all the characters that Deighton throws at you, though this doesn't hurt the plot as much as make the book one you'll want to re-read. Be warned - once you pick up bomber, you'll probably be spoiled for any other novel on the war in the skies over Europe.l who dig people out of bombed buildings. Because they are stationed in Altgarten, they get the biggest break: when the raid comes, they have the shortest commute. With so much going on, you just know you're bound to miss something. This is the sort of book that speed-readers hate. You'll probably lose count of all the characters that Deighton throws at you, though this doesn't hurt the plot as much as make the book one you'll want to re-read. Be warned - once you pick up bomber, you'll probably be spoiled for any other novel on the war in the skies over Europe.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This cd is great for all blink fans i got it 2 years ago and still listen to it all the time. All te songs have great points and either funny,sad,happy, or just plain good lyrics. If ur a huge blink fan then u probobly already have this cd but if u like punk/alternative rock you'll love this cd buy enema of the state! The only reason it got 4 stars instead of five is cause their newer cds are even better so buy all of 'em!!!! ope my review is helpful. cya
B00005AWMF|5.0|A year ago i never really listened to Sade's music even though she was a great artist but two months ago i heard one of her songs on a jazz station-Never As Good As The First Time and that song really touched me and i couldn't get it out of my head.It was so beautiful and soft that the only thing i could think of was a peaceful beach with blue water and white sand! So i ordered the cd with the anticipation and now i listen to it almost everyday especially on Friday's when i need to unwind after a long week.All of her major hits are included on this cd such as No Ordinary Love ,Sweetest Taboo and the lovely song Kiss of Life.It's a beautiful cd with beautiful vocals. You won't be disappointed.
B00005K3LW|5.0|This is definitely the best Die Hard of the trillogy. Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson are great together on screen. The extras are also packed with some great stuff.
078401020X|2.0|A perfect face, perfect body and a perfect crotch. The movie did keep me engaged although the dialog is mostly insipid. Reminded me a lot of commercial copy writing. I found that the movie meandered a lot - like TV serials - with a suspect, then a new villain and then again the old villain. Someone had said that the Director's Cut made it clear what was going on. If you need the Director's Cut to understand the plot, then the movie is a failure. Looking back, the only reason I'd watch this movie again is for Sharon Stone's perfect body. I'd keep the sound muted the next time and have the remote handy for fast forwarding thru.
B000002U82|5.0|This could well be the most perfect album ever produced. The music, artistic vision, production and engineering, are all perfect. The combined results of the longs months of difficult, perfectionistic work is an album which can move you emotionally and mentally like no other. Alan Parsons quote: &quot;Working with Pink Floyd is an engineer's dream, so I tried to take advantage of the situation&quot;, states studio wizard Alan Parsons. &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon came at a crucial stage in my career, so I was highly motivated.&quot; Parsons attention to detail obviously paid off. He won a Grammy award for the best-engineered album of 1973, and DSOTM went on to ride the charts for a record-breaking 14 years. But while Parsons takes credit for many of Moon's sonic innovations, he says the massive guitar sound on the album can be attributed to only one man: David Gilmour. &quot;David was very much in control of his sound system,&quot; says Parsons. &quot;We rarely added effects to his guitar in the control room. Generally speaking, the sound on the album is pretty much what came out of his amp. As I recall, he used a Hiwatt stack, a Fuzz Face and an Italian-made delay unit called a Binson Echorec.&quot; Gilmour confirms: &quot; For most of my solos, I usually use a fuzz box, a delay and a bright EQ setting. But to get that kind of singing sustain, you really need to play loud - at or near the feedback threshold.&quot;
6303407188|4.0|This movie, about Ed Wood, the director/actor/screen writer is very interesting and of course strange and odd (how could it not be with Tim Burton involved!?) I did not know who Ed Wood was before seeing this movie, nor had I heard of any of his movies. Now I want to know more about Ed Wood and see some of his movies... especially &quot;Glen or Glenda&quot; and &quot;Plan 9 from Outer Space&quot; which were both highlighted in this film (&quot;Ed Wood&quot;). The acting is excellent in this movie and the scenes are wonderfully filmed. This movie is a real treat for movie buffs and I recommend seeing it. Apparently Ed Wood, Jr. became known as the worst director of all time. In this movie you can see why. He only filmed scenes once and he ignored obvious mistakes ... thinking everything was &quot;perfect.&quot; He did not even recognize poor acting! All in all this was an interesting movie, especially if you like to know more about Hollywood and the people who have worked there. Watch it soon and enjoy!
0312954468|4.0|The invasion of the Hyksos with their mighty chariots and horses, defeats the might of the Egyptian Empire and forces its rulers to flee up the Nile. Many years pass before they are able to recover their force and learn new strategies. However, they do return and conquer part of their kingdom. This is a novel based on historical facts and written in such a beautiful way with places, people and situations that will keep you reading until the very last page. The way the author has chosen to write, basing his story in an account written by a slave, Taita, who devotes his life to his mistress, Queen Lostris and her children. Beautifully written, with every detail for every scene and character that will bring life to all this story. I recommend it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Fans out their listen, I can't get this cd out of my cd player and I love the last song. But from beginging to end the whole cd is out of this world and I just and glad that she got to write on this cd. For the Britney hater you have to like her sooner or later. I just what all of you hater to just listen to it before juging it. If you can't do that why did you buy it in the first place. If you don't like it don't listen to it or buy it is that not easy to do. Please let the people who like the cd write about it and I know that sounded mean but think about it. Think about what you say before putting it in writing. She is a rare artis who can change the world of pop music and I hope she keeps up the good work. Britney you are great and hope you keep doing you thing because you will be up there with Janet and all these other pop queens.
B000002UAI|4.0|I love this album. As I understand it, Beatles for Sale was quickly thrown together from a bunch of studio stuff just to get another album in the market quickly. But this material, I think, shows the Beatles' early influences, but without the rough edges of their Cavern Club/Hamburg recordings. They're coming into their own as musicians. Throw this cd into the deck along with a Buddy Holly and a very early Carl Perkins &amp; hit shuffle. 'Nuff said.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This film is a visual masterpiece. The landscapes are drawn to prefection, a good example of this is the rolling mist off the mountains. The music is very atmospheric and adds to the overall feel of the movie. The way the writer portrays is the characters is humane with no true villain in the piece. The story is intriguing and powerful as humans battle against the forces of nature. A must have for any anime fan.
B00005KHL5|5.0|... and a damn good job they made of it, too. I don't think the authors of the reviews of this item criticising it as being incomplete have actually *seen* the version they're criticising. I own the Magnum video edition which is the 'complete' 102min cut, and after watching the Anchor Bay release, which is billed as 99min, I could not find one single solitary scene, no matter how small, which had been left out. This cut of the film, despite being labelled as 99min, is exactly as complete as the 102min Magnum release. If you can name what you believe is missing, then please do, because as far as I can see, the criticism here is nothing more than a knee-jerk reaction to the posted running time. The only exclusion from this version I could see was the scene of Willow bringing Howie tea in the morning, and that has *never* been included in *any* release of the 102min version, and has only ever been found in the 84min cut. It only accounts for a few seconds, anyway. I'm really pleased with this Anchor Bay release, and that they've taken the trouble to restore the extra footage interchangeably with the higher quality print. It gives me a VHS (and a DVD, yes this is one of my favourite films :-)) that is a much better quality overall than my sadly worn down Magnum version. Or my 89min BBC television version, or my 84min PAL VHS version. Yes, I'm obsessed. Good one Anchor Bay in restoring this classic.
630512065X|3.0|Certainly a must for the fans, this video gives a pretty good image of the show itself. However the many close-ups make the many dancing bits very complicated, notably during Rum Tum Tugger and the Jellicle Ball. The cutting and editing is very miserable, people suddenly disappear and appear in the larger dancing parts. The music is very good, and although some verses have been cut out, the quality of the music is higher than on many official and unofficial recordings. A movie that can be seen many times.
B000002OVJ|5.0|I owned &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; on vinyl many years ago, with no inside liner notes and a measly six tracks. Even so, it was a great listen. Now that it has expanded by eight additional tracks and grown a basketload of liner notes, a masterpiece has gotten even better. The Who were a great live band in their heyday. Full of both energy and sonic wallop, they were perhaps the greatest early heavy metal band, even if their studio albums didn't sound like like it. Stripped of the fussiness of Pete Townshend's studio perfectionism, the band flat out rocks live. Recorded in 1970, &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; still counts as one of the greatest live albums ever. It is also a sad reminder that rock music just doesn't have this kind of power anymore.
B00003CXGG|4.0|I thought this movie was pretty good. I had no idea what to expect when I started watching it, the main reason I turned it on was because of the recent death of Aaliyah and I wanted to find out who she was and what she was about. I was surprised to see this is actually a good movie. It is filled with fighting and action, and the acting is commendable. It is also filled with light humor. If you like movies with a lot of fighting, this is probably for you. I only have a couple of complaints. One, a lot of the fighting moves and special effects are really fake looking. It's ok, though, since I expect it. The story line is also a little hard to follow if you're not fully into it. Luckily, movies from this genre usually follow linear stories anyway, and one beating after another clears things up pretty well.
630463949X|4.0|This concert has a version on VHS tape. I recommend buying the VHS tape version. It seems to me that the sound recording quality is even worse on DVD than on VHS. However, you still must keep this one, either VHS or DVD. I am afraid this is probably the last concert they would perform in public. The two ladies seemed worry too much about their ages. To me, they are still as attractive and stylish as they always are. In this concert, they played almost all their greatest hits. Everybody performed very well.
6304618344|5.0|This film is totally excellent! I may be a girl but I think the action and special effects are great! NICOLAS CAGE is good in anything but this is probably my favourite of his films. He plays a bad guy to start (Castor Troy) and then a good guy as Sean Archer trapped behind Castors face. JOHN TRAVOLTA is really convincing as the 'bad guy' (Castor in Sean's body). He should definately do more villain roles. This film isn't really for young kids, hence the rating, but behind the violence of a typical action movie there is a gr8, if extreme, storyline that definately deserves a look.
B00005A46T|5.0|It has at last come to us..the follow-up to the angriest album ever, Slipknot's self-titled debut: this is Iowa, the sophomore dose of the pure rage and hate that only this band can spew so easily and get away with. From the start, you can tell this is going to be a slightly darker beast than their prior efforts, as shrieking feedback and depraved screaming in the intro 515 signal a Knot that has grown darker, more sick, and full of even more rage. The new songs are much different from the songs on the debut: they lack the hardcore and punk influence, and contain less speed. That doesnt mean this isnt heavy, which this cd most certainly is. Tracks like People=..., Disasterpiece, Everything Ends, Metabolic and Heretic Anthem amongst others contain traceable elements of death and thrash metal-the little solo on Metabolic sounds like something youd hear on a Morbid Angel album-while songs such as The Shape and Skin Ticket mix dark melodic vocals with sick screams and some strange riffs. As on the last album, there are a couple of re-do's, this time of Gently and Iowa (last seen as Killers Are Quiet), and these two songs are vintage Knot, combining strange vocal work with pure musical insanity, mixing guitars with electronics, backed by pulsating rythym. This is easily a better album than the debut disc of 1999-darker, more mature and technically adept, as well as having a groove to it that gets you in the mood to headbang and scream along. Fave tracks thus far are P=S, Everything Ends, Disasterpiece, Heretic, Gently, The Shape, Skin Ticket, and Metabolic, though in all honesty there is no bad song on this album. Vintage Knot-ten times the anger, ten times the hate, ten times the heaviness, ten times the maturity. This is Iowa, the sickest cd unleashed this year.
0060392886|5.0|I grew up listening to the Crue in high school, but always wanted to know what happened to them after the &quot;big hair band&quot; phenomenon ended. This book answered many of my questions of what, where, when and why. Mick Mars made me laugh, Tommy and Nikki stunned me, and Vince Neil's account of his daughter's death made me sob. Even if you don't like the band, it's a fantastic account of one of the most loved/hated rock bands from that era. I can't wait for Part 2!!!!!!!
1558908358|4.0|&quot;Tron&quot;, as you aleready may know, stands for &quot;Trace ON&quot; a computer instruction used by software developers to &quot;Debug&quot; or get rid programming errors.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This Movie Is A Great One For Young Children As Well As Adults. The Jokes Are More Or Less Adult Jokes But The Children Just Laugh Because Everyone Else Is. For Sure You Should Rent The Movie If You Don't Want To Buy It.
B000000WA4|3.0|I'm sorry, but after listening through this album, I can't give it any more than three stars. There's too much filler. It may sound like I'm jumping on the &quot;Wah-wah, it's too LONG!&quot; bandwagon, but it's the honest truth. This album could have been condensed into one absolutely awesome 14-song CD, but unfortunately, it wasn't. Whatever the concept behind the album (and, despite the length and the very detailed artwork and the hints of cohesiveness like the disc titles, I can't seem to nail one down - it sounds like a concept album with no concept), the Pumpkins just didn't have two hours of great music in them. That's not to say that the album is bad - far from it. As I said, around half of the songs are truly amazing. Corgan's voice isn't really suited to loud anthems (and that's being REALLY polite on my part), so you'll find that the album is better when his vocals are hushed, letting the (very inventive) music take the foreground. Despite that, loud rockers like &quot;Zero&quot; and &quot;Jellybelly&quot; actually work, mainly because they're short and provide an angsty rush without getting annoying. The music is very diverse, and very bombastic, but fortunately, for every long, tedious &quot;Porcelina of the Vast Oceans&quot; (9 minutes!), there's a lovely gem like To Forgive. What else? There's plenty of experimentation here, too, which doesn't work often. Distortion, um, distorts some songs so badly that the melody is lost and the song becomes utter cacophonic noise (&quot;XYU&quot;). &quot;Love&quot; works, though, despite similar problems. The five singles are all good (and effectively highlight the album's diversity - &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; is string-based, &quot;Zero&quot; is an anthem, and &quot;1979&quot; is a strange and intriguing new-wave dealie). Corgan's lyrics are mostly strong throughout, despite his not-quite-wonderful vocals - however, it often seems like the music doesn't match the theme of the song. So what's the good Sadness? Well, in addition to the five singles, there's &quot;Thirty-Three,&quot; &quot;To Forgive,&quot; the title track, &quot;In the Arms of Sleep&quot; (beautiful lyrics on this one), &quot;Galapagos,&quot; &quot;Love,&quot; &quot;Take Me Down,&quot; &quot;Cupid De Locke,&quot; &quot;Through the Eyes of Ruby,&quot; and the absolutely amazing &quot;Bodies,&quot; which needs to be heard to be believed. That sounds like a lot of good stuff (and seems to contradict my rating), but remember that the album has 28 tracks in all. Things like &quot;XYU&quot; or &quot;Tales of a Scorched Earth&quot; are terrible (the latter particularly), and others sound all right when they're playing, but ultimately are forgettable, and contribute nothing besides running time to the album. In the end, the inventiveness and talent of the Pumpkins is clearly visible - however, there's also lots of filler and pretentiousness. I doubt you'll listen to the whole album from beginning to end more than once - and if 14-15 (very) good songs out of 28 is worth twenty odd bucks, by all means buy it. I would, however, recommend Gish and Adore over it.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This Film will Truly Fill you with WONDERMENT!!! I've seen it 6 times in the theatre -...And only one time did it Play without Major Flaws - no thanks to poor sound and picture management - I can't wait until Discs are sent to digital Movie houses and the old reel joints are shut Down It will Prob Play Maxi - on your Home DVD system.... But see this in the theatre maybe it will play properly once for you too...anyhew It will run for 50years this Beautiful movie is Master director Baz Luhrhmans take on India's Bollywood(see the production book available on Amazon) where he hopes to Strike a contract with the Audience - the audience is constantly aware that they are watching a film..not reality...Well Ladies and Gents I signed that contract with my heart of hearts and this film is Spectaclar filled with JOY and Sadness - it is the Myth of Orpheus set in turn of the Century Paris with the underworld of Montmarte as Hades and the Moulin Rouge at its Heart - the tarot card of the Lovers is ever-present in this Film tour-de-force...I am a Child of the Revolution(albeit ours is a corporate one that hasn't happened yet..praise be Amazon)and I believe in TRUTH BEAUTY FREEDOM and above all Crazy Love!!! amen and adieu
0688101364|5.0|This cookie book is a must!
B00000253N|5.0|I reviewed this cracker of an LP some time ago. Looking over my review, I find that I have accused Dylan of being stupid, dense, slow, ignorant and dim! Unfortunately, I didn't have an editor to pull me up for using the word &quot;obtuse&quot; incorrectly. (I was trying to say he had hitherto written in riddles.) A thousand apologies, Bob.
B00005JK93|5.0|we screamed &quot;encore&quot; during the closing credits... we all ran out for the soundtrack the next day ... haven't stopped listening to it since ... too enjoyable for words!
B000003BF1|5.0|This is the second of the Stones' brilliant sequence of LPs beginning with Beggar's Banquet and culminating in Exile on Main Street. Personally, I think this is their best album, and there can't be many better by anyone. The opening track is one of this planet's greatest rock songs, and the closer is almost as good. 'Live With Me', 'Midnight Rambler' and the title track are other obvious standouts, but let's not forget 'You Got The Silver', featuring a heartfelt Keith vocal, and 'Monkey Man', with its blazing guitar and throat-shredding vocals. A little nitpicking: this 'Love in Vain' is inferior to the live version on Ya Yas, which boasts Mick Taylor's slide playing and jaw-dropping guitar tone. 'Country Honk' is fun but, like the Beatles' acoustic take on 'Revolution', is rendered redundant by the rocking version. But Let It Bleed is still a fully-fledged five-star effort. Forget Abbey Road; this was the best album of 1969.
6300216209|1.0|I seriously must say that Love Story is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I rented it, anticipating an emotional, tear-jerking masterpiece; man, was I disappointed. The script consists of some of the CHEEZIEST lines- &quot;being in love means never having to say your sorry&quot; PLEASE- and the acting is laughable. These kids are supposed to be full of youthful energy and passion- they look about as passionate as a cess pool. Oh, and they could have picked a more varied musical selection- they played the same repetitvely boring theme over and over!
B000002BBY|4.0|Good music. Relaxed and a little angsty. I like Oasis in general and I think this CD was a good examply of what they can do.
0812550706|4.0|After reading and re-reading Ender's Game and the next three books of the Quartet, I was struck by the fact that this book seems significantly different form the others. It has less to do with philosophy and moral questions, and more to do with action and the Bugger wars. The series starts out as pure sci-fi, with some reflections on what our society could develop in to, and turns into an interesting inspection of moral questions. I am a fan of both styles. I highly recommend this book to anyone who has ever been called a &quot;nerd&quot;. I can't really justify this, but I will say that it has a following similar to the works of Douglas Adams and Patrick O'Brian: small, but devoted. Also, I read this knowing that I am not much of a sci-fi person. However, that did not keep me from enjoying this book.
B000002BE9|5.0|This is an absolutely amazing CD. Powerful vocals and inspiring lyrics make for a mesmerizing ride. I loved it.
B00005A46T|5.0|Wow. That's all I can say about this new disc from the badasses hailing from Iowa. The overall sound of this album is much tighter than their debut cd, and this definitely is a good thing. Corey's screaming and singing are both incredible and quite unsettling. The guitar tracks and drum tracks are nicely done, with a lot of low end to them (of course) This is probably the best CD i've gotten for a while. It ranks up there with &quot;Break the Cycle&quot; which achieved high pop status.. let's hope this one stays with the fans, and no bastards from MTV. We're the only ones that can appreciate it-- (Slipknot fan since 1998)
B00003CXSP|5.0|I have read some of the reviews for this film, now I feel obligated to write my own review. I am sorry SOTL enthusiasts, JULIANNE MOORE DOES JUST AS GOOD IF NOT BETTER JOB OF CLARICE STARLING THAN JODIE FOSTER! Julianne is not the same person Jodie was, she admits in this film that she thinks about hannibal atleast a half minute every day, Hannibal is WITH her all the time, she is never going to be the same. First we have to accept that clarice is now OLDER and she is in the middle of a scandal and is under a lot of public and private pressure at work. Her american innocence being plunged into darkness is over, she has been through bill and has met and interviewed hannibal. This movie goes deeper into Lector's character, fortunately, he still has all the witty genius of SOTL. Hannibal's interest in Clarice has been VERY kicked and beaten by SOTL enthusiasts. There is a deleted scene in SOTL where hannibal goes into clarices car during her infamous run and starts a sort of closeup with the steering wheel (her hands...). Hannibal in my opinion, has feelings for Clarice beyond just intrigue, but being the gentleman he is, never crosses boundaries. WE TRULY get to see Hannibals relationship with Clarice in its full form, the scene where he rescues her in this sort of classic knight in shining armor way is VERY telling. This movie is filled with various wonderful characters and some very &quot;sick&quot; violent scenes, but those are definitely all part of the story and are somewhat necessary. Frankly, its a classic, sorry, but I can no longer imagine SOTL without hannibal close by.
B000001FA4|4.0|Released in 1984, U2's 4th studio album was a sonic leap forward from any of their previous albums, but in retrospect it is probably one of their weaker albums (it is a bit inconsistent). That's not to say it is a bad album, though. Far from it, actually. Although I am a rather biased U2 fanatic, I wouldn't hesitate to reccomend this CD to any serious music fan, although better places to start would be The Joshua Tree or Achtung Baby. The album starts out on a very high note, with A Sort of Homecoming, one of the gems of the albums, with very uplifting and poetic lyrics. However, it gets immediately overshadowed by Pride (In the Name of Love), one of the best anthems U2 ever wrote. Wire may not be as great, but the title track is a very good tune. The next two songs, Promenade and 4th of July are not as memorable, but they are redeemed by the wonderful Bad. A moving song about addiction, Bad is a classic U2 song, complete with some of the most beautiful sounds I have ever heard from a guitar. The Edge creates some of the most beautiful soundscapes on this album, with his unique sound and artistry. Indian Summer Sky and Elvis Presley and America are admittedly some of U2's worst songs, but the album ends on a high note with the haunting MLK. U2 may have made much better albums than the Unforgettable Fire, but this is nonetheless a good collection.
B00003CXRM|5.0|5 stars just for the soundtrack alone. This movie was an enjoyable romp through the Old'n South with Dapper Dan in hand, I mean hair. (wink!)
6302636779|5.0|This is one of the truly great films of the late 50's in the genre of religion. It details with wonderful accuracy the plight of a woman caught in an order of nuns that asks her to be a nurse and cloistered nun all in one. The schizo life-style does not suit Audrey Hepburn who suffers to live it, from Belgium to the Belgian Congo and back to the ravages of WW II. She must make a decision weather to aid the allies or stay in the convent and be neutral and therfore somewhat conspirstorial; it all couched under the vow of obedience which haunts her from the very start, acting as a metaphor for individual will vs. institutional Church. For the time this was produced, the themes and the ending are daring indeed. The Catholic Church hated this film but could not have it cut or condemned because it was a blockbuster in one week.On the cutting edge of Vatican II this story, beginning in the 20's, ending in ww II, is quite prophetic. Audrey Hepburn has more than just convent ways..she is a nun, with a habit that makes her look like a true nun. A stunning performance and an academy award winning one, but she did not get it. In any case, get The Nun's Story and learn about religious life in the Catholic Church before it disappeared. By the way, where is the lbx DVD of this film????<br /><br />The DVD is out and the opening  logo, the Warner Bros shield, is missing as are the bells, which chime in again at the dramatic conclusion. What a cover for this DVD! It's that awful German poster from years ago. There is the USA poster tat is gorgeous and more suitable.<br /><br />The Criterion people need to get a hold of this film and restore the opening and get rid of the cover and locate the missing footage. Still a great film, and Audrey's best by far.
B000002H97|4.0|I have read all the reviews on this sight, and I have to say that I disagree with most of them. The Black Album is, in my opinion, their worst studio album to date. It can be a little boring, and there is a lot of filler. It is definatly a letdown from the excellent ...And Justice For All. I even like the &quot;sellout' Load and Reload albums better. With that said, this is not a bad album by any means. It is Metallica's weakest effort, but that means that it is merely decent instead of outstanding. About every other track is good. Enter Sandman, is decent, Unforgiven is excellent, Don't Tread on Me is heavy, but a little repetitive, Nothing Else Matters is a great ballad, of Of Wolf and Man is also a good track, the best song on the album may well be Struggle Within, which actually retains their 80's sound. It's probably the only song that can be classified as thrash, other then Of Wolf and Man. Overall, The Black Album is certainly worth owning, but if you are new to Metallica, buy a different title, because they've done much better stuff. Get Master of Puppets, or Ride the Lightning. They won't dissapoint you.
0441003257|5.0|How can you go wrong with the demon who designed the M25 and the angel who felt bad enough for Adam and Eve to give them his flaming sword? As a winning combination of wit, style and thouroughbred insanity, this romp through and beyond Armageddon had me grinning like Crowley and guarding my copy as Aziraphale would his own (first ed. mint of course!) Regular secret agents these two aren't but they sure do get to have more fun! (plus Crowley gets the flash car!) read Good Omens if you don't mind crippling stitches in your sides and, in the odd parts, a new way of thinking about life and how we mortals live it.
B000002HMH|5.0|I own all of Metallica's studio albums, and unlike some, I don't have a real problem with Load or Reload. I actually listened to this tape so much that I wore it out. It's not as loud as their 80's stuff, and the riffs aren't as complex, but overall the album is still worthwhile. Some of the songs are filler, and Momma Said is downright bad, but on the other hand, Bleeding Me, and House that Jack Built are both awesome (although not thrash). Outlaw Torn, Hero of the Day, Until it Sleeps, and Ronnie are all worth a listen too. I understand the sellout complaints. In the 80's Metallica was like Pantera: brutal, intense, unique, and brilliant. The Metallica of the 90's isn't pop. They aren't Pearl Jam or Blink 182. They're still metal, maybe more along the lines of AC/DC now. That's a major dissapointment to those expecting more thrash, but I think don't entirely disagree with their new direction. Afterall, how can you top Master of Puppets, + And Justice for All. Load is still worth owning, just so long as you get some of their 80's stuff first.
B000058T5E|4.0|Jeff Beck has been about my favorite rock guitarist since I saw The Jeff Beck Group ages ago. (w/Rod Stewart, Ron Wood, etc.), In my opinion Jeff's playing leaves Page &amp; Clapton way behind. Beck leans way out over the edge while the other two are sitting on picnic tables about 50 feet back. &quot;Who Else&quot; absolutely blew me away (Space for the Papa!) and I was looking for a similiar musical ride with this CD. While close, I did find this CD less melodic and a little harder on my ears. &quot;Rollin' &amp; Tumblin&quot; and &quot;Blackbird&quot; are my favorites. Still well worth the purchase price!
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD is simply amazing. There is no oter way to describe it! Wes Borland's amazing gutiar riffs, Sam Rivers blasting out loud bass notes, John Otto keeping a steady beat, while D.J. Lethal does his thing over at the turntables. But the most amazing thing is Fred Dursts voice, no one out there can sing like he can. Almost all of the songs on this CD are great, and if your a rap and Hip-hop fan, they're all great! The thing people complain about to much is how the lyrics don't make any sence. WHO CARES!?!? Almost no alternative music out there tells a story or makes sence, so shut up! This is a must, if you don't have it, get it!
B0000296SI|5.0|all of there cds rock but this is the best one! everyone of there songs on this cd rocks!
B000059HB7|5.0|Howard Hawks is known, alongside with John Ford, the best director that teamed with John Wayne (among other greatness, ofcourse).  Wayne teaming with Wayne had left such a rich cinematic legacy it's hard to believe RIO BRAVO is in fact only the second time Wayne acted under Hawks' direction, and it was a decade after their highly appreciated adult western RED RIVER.    One of the virtue of Hawks' direction at its best is that he always stays true to the characters--RIO BRAVO should be noted as the best example of this cinematic virtue.  In the era of subversive westerns, where \\"heroes\\" are not heroes anymore but vulnerable to their violent instinct and tormented with their own masculine agressiveness, obsessed with their desire of revenge (Wayne had portrayed that masterfully in John Ford's THE SEARCHERS), here, Hawks dare to portray Wayne as a typical, macho, partiarchal and authoritative sherif John T.Chance, always sure of himself... or he seems to be... or he thinks he is.    Withiout making him rediculous or whatever, preserving his authoritative presence, Wayne and Hawks has succeeded to reveal the very limitations of this typical hero as a human being. As much as his ability as gun fighter being rather bigger than life, the clever screenplay (by Jules Furthman and Lee Brackett) reveals that he's very human, that infact that he's not always right...but a lovable guy anyway.     As a matter of fact, Chance makes so many mistakes and missjudgements he would have never survived without all the help of his friends, helps that he initially refuses because he thought he was good enough to protect them and don't want to involve them in the danger he's risking. Helps that he orderd not to take place... For instance, for the final shootout, Chance orders Stampy (Walter Brennan) not to take part. He refuses the help of the hotel owner (Pedro Gonzalez Gonzalez)... well, what will they do?    Especially, the character of Feathers (Angie Dickinson), whom Chance initially disregard as being no good, a tramp, but neverthless falls in love with her... Chance does not admit openly but in fact he knows he has to admit, that she is indeed a vertuous woman and that he was wrong. He alwasy ask her to take the stagecoach and leave, but she stays, and even saves his life.    Hawks plays around with the very idea of masculinity (glorified by so many westerns) and the macho male-female order, and this is achieved by staying alwasy so true to his characters: the plot, the masterful camera setups, the subtle use of colors, the natural acting style of the actors which is so filled with a sense of true life, all contribute to show who those people are.     Without any pretention, RIO BRAVO can be read as one of the most justified criticism of the idea of western, because when you see these people as humans, there would necessary be their human dignities and their human limitations revealed at the same time.  And you'll love them for both their virtues as well as their flaws included.  Hawks takes a mythic genre of action and adventure, and make it so intimate, almost as if those \\"heroes and the heroine\\" are your buddies.    I should also note about the amazing performance of Dean Martin as Dude, an ex-top gun fighter turned drunk, trying to regain his dignity, and the always hillarious Walter Brenann at his very best.    It's a great film to have on DVD and run its whenever you want, because you'll never get tired of it. That what great entertainment is supposed to be.    One is reminded of a scene in Martin Scorsese's WHO'S THAT KNOCKING AT MY DOOR, where Harvey Keitel takes his girlfriend to see this movie.  She likes the Angie Dickinson character and he disregard her opinion, saying that she's not a respectful woman. Of course he's wrong; it's the girl who got the idea of this great movie right.
B000002NJS|5.0|This CD is just incredible...I love Madonna and this CD proves she can beautifully sing anything! I love the style of the songs on the CD...every song is a hit. My absolute favorites are &quot;Drowned World&quot;, &quot;Skin&quot;, &quot;Frozen&quot;, &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; and &quot;Power of Goodbye&quot;. This CD is an absolute must for the Madonna fan.
B00005B36H|4.0|IF Lateralus is Tools most cohesive record, it is only because mainman Maynard James Keenan has finally come within spitting distance of idols King Crimson and Pink Floyd. The textural intricacies, dynamic shifts and unconventional chord progressions that have marked Tools signature metal mayhem have also been slightly tweaked this time to appeal to old school progressive rock fans as well as devotees of mosh-perfect post-trash. A word of warning though  dont put this CD into your player expecting to hear In The Court Of The Crimson King or Dark Side Of The Moon being rehashed. Keenan may be a star student of the pompous, grandiose theater rock school but he also has his own identity. Lateralus is mournful, nihilistic and cathartic in classic Tool fashion. Its aggressive, metallic and at times (like on The Grudge and Schism) even comes quite close to descending into Korn and early Deftones territory. But even at these moments, Keenan and his band manage to wrench the music away from the pit and push beyond the drowning guitar sounds and ear-splitting drums that have come to signify modern alternative metal. Of course then, it can seem like Tool are mimicking Metallica. Closer scrutiny, however, reveals the bands neo orchestral arrangements (specifically on Lateralis and curtain closer Faaip De Oiad) to be closer in spirit and form to Crimsons Starless and Red or the Floyds Echoes than, say, Metallicas Nothing Else Matters. Perversely depressing but highly mind blowing is the way Tool has always approached its albums and Lateralus is no exception. Look for this one to get a nod when music reviewers worldwide compile their lists of this years best metal albums.
B00004X01U|5.0|This is great...it took me a few listens to really like it, as I'm not the type of person to fall in love with a song right away. But now I could listen to this CD again and again, like so many of her others. This CD contains so many different styles of songs that it never gets boring. The title track &quot;Music&quot; is awesome, along with &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;, which I love to blast in my car. I also love &quot;Don't tell me&quot; &amp; &quot;What it feels like for a Girl&quot;. At first I thought &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; and &quot;I Deserve It&quot; were kind of different and not her, but after listening a few times I again realize she really makes it work. Love every track! A definite sound investment, another Madonna classic.
B00005A46T|5.0|I have only recently been a Slipknot fan, and it was through the track Left Behind that I began to like Slipknot. Slipknot have always been a band that i wouls listen to but never buy, but i had to buy IOWA as i as fast becoming a die-hard fan. Iowa kicks off with 515 and carries on through track sfter track that will keep any Slipknot fan wanting more. My favourite tracsk are Left Behind (their best track to date, although i still like Spit It Out), Gently, I Am Hated, My Plague and Metabolic. When Slipknot came on the scene, people liked their new sound and it attracted them quite a number of fans, where this album is going to make them go mainstream and see them at their peak. Lets hope they plan to do loads of live dates
B00003CXRP|5.0|This movie was great!After seeing this movie i didnt feel like going on a plain since!lol.I thought the sound affects were great.My fav part was when tom hanks went down in the plain! Over all i give this movie 5 stars. Rachel Townsend
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulin Rouge was such a tremendously artistic, energetic, beautiful movie that I ran back to see it again as soon as I could. Its theme was refreshingly uncomplicated, a gorgeous movie about love and honesty. This movie dares to be idealistic when it's definately not in style to be. I must say that it was a welcome change of pace from the so-called &quot;edgy&quot; movies we've been seeing a lot of lately. This movie is also visually dazzling! There are so many colors, details to be seen, and dance numbers to be enjoyed that your eyes are never bored. The cinematography is very well done, blue light gently evokes the sadness of a lost love, red light for the madness of the Moulin Rouge. As for the music, Nicole Kidman has a pretty voice and handles the songs well. But Ewan McGregor just plain blew me away!! He's got such a gorgeous voice! I think he deserves praise for his fabulous acting as well. He's truly a gifted actor, and this is truly a wonderful movie.
014028009X|2.0|...even though I'm also a single woman in her 30s. Not all of us are that insecure. Bridget should get over it already. Some of us do have other things to worry besides weight and drinking too much (which I think is a serious problem). And none my married friends are anything like hers (thank God). Is this how society sees single women? Is this how I'm supposed to act...because I'm single?
B000002HMH|1.0|Cliff Burton is in such disgust of you brainless sellouts, as are the rest of us. Your CDs are terrible as are your motives. Can I ask, where is the Cliff Burton doll? Oh man, I shouldn't have said that, now they will try and cash in on that too.
0385335482|3.0|It was a fun book to read, but the ending was silly.
0812550757|5.0|Lovers of Ender's Game are in for a different kind of treat in Speaker for the Dead -- a far more philosophical book that deals with the complex and tragic interactions between a misunderstood alien race known as the Piggies and the humans. Ender has transformed over the eons from a child-general into a sort of new-age minister. His ministry is to combine the healing power of brutal honesty with a loving heart. Fascinating, thought-provoking stuff. Card's second-best novel, after Ender's Game. Just don't read it expecting Ender's Game Redux. The action is far more subdued here, and it is about personal relationships and prejudice more than spaceships and buggers (although they are still around). Definitely read this, but take your time. You probably won't be reading this at 4 a.m. like you were with Ender's Game, if you know what I mean... After this, the Ender novels start drifting into four star territory, until the arrival of Ender's Shadow (5 star story of Bean's journaey from childhood to Battle School).
6305949980|4.0|I enjoyed this movie so much it was the first one I purchased when I decided to get a DVD player! (In fact, I ordered it before I even got the player!) This movie is thoroughly original! Not only is it fun, but it also has a subtle message about the mistakes we make when we decide that &quot;the grass is greener on the other side of the fence&quot; and how it is best just to be yourself. I do agree with one reviewer who mentioned that some of the monsters might be a wee bit scary to very small children, but if you keep watching you will find that they are all very good natured and just out for a bit of fun. The songs in this one are great. I don't really care for musicals most of the time, but the songs were all quirky and charming.(Danny Elfman has surpassed all he has ever done in Oingo Boingo since he started writing film scores.) This is an excellent family movie that people of all ages will completely enjoy!<BR>P.S. One of the other reviewers was right! The Special Edition version of this movie does leave out the mayor's line &quot;Wait, we haven't given out the prizes yet!&quot;. This is still a good version if you are a big fan of the film. Plus, Burton's early work &quot;Vincent&quot; (included on this disc)is completely adorable!
B00005B36H|5.0|What a melodic and entrancing CD. Second only to Tool's &quot;Aenima&quot;, this is a must own for any music lover. &quot;Schism&quot;, the first radio release from this album, is but the first of many hits off Lateralus.
630289915X|4.0|GREAT holiday classic and for a good reason! This one has it all. Romance, comedy, and drama. All of the performances are wonderful. A total must-have!
0385474547|5.0|This is definitely worth reading. The characters are very human and complex, who think in terms absolutely identical to humans a hundred years later. The story is about a west african village in the early days of colonialism. Achebe is close enough to his roots to make the mode of thinking of his villagers authentic; and it's a surprisingly modern mode. Humans don't change, circumstances do. Achebe doesnt portray the whites as villains or the blacks as being unjustly oppressed by them. Instead it is simply a meeting of two cultures. The whites are merely folks from a more individualist and technologically advanced culture and the villagers are curious about them. For example, the main character of the book is a senior villager who deplores the damage being done to the local culture. He does not however make the simplistic assumption that everything whites do is bad. He happens to see a white clerk writing something, and from his body language observes that the clerk is not too bright. But the clerk is in a position of relative importance because of his literacy, and therefore the ability to write must be a powerful one. He promptly sends one of his sons to the lcoal mission school as an experiment. This book taught me more about colonialism than a lot of history texts. It has been a perennial item on the reading lists of high school students in various parts of Africa since its first printing. It's very enjoyable; read it if you get the chance.
0385484518|5.0|My teenaged son couldn't have cared less that I bought him this book. So I ended up reading it myself, and half-way through was struck by an insight. Intergenerational mentorships between teenagers and the elderly are so rare these days, but can be the most profound relationships for kids navigating the rocky path of adolescence. I was fortunate that I had a Great Aunt who was essentially the female version of Morrie Schwartz, and I have always considered her my mentor. Reading Tuesdays With Morrie was like revisiting her for an extended weekend as well. The only other memoir I've read which similarly tries to impart perspective and wisdom through the telling of a story of an eccentric wizened woman and an impressionable teenaged girl is Naming the Winds: A High Plains Apprenticeship by Caroline Marwitz. Both Tuesdays With Morrie and Naming the Winds are books filled with truths too often taken for granted. It's sad that the threat of death is often the only way keep those truths within grasp in our daily lives.
0446310786|5.0|I was forced to read To Kill a Mockingbird in 10th grade. And WOW! I loved it. My class was reading it together, but I couldn't help reading ahead a few chapters. I think its a shame that Harper Lee only wrote one book because, if she had written more, I would read the others for fun. To Kill is a coming of age novel more then anything else. But along with the two children, Jem and Scout, growing, the novel deals with heavy racial issues. And when Atticus, the children's father, takes up a case where he defends a black man accused of raping a young white girl. The racial angle of the book takes over. Harper Lee is a wonderful writer, her writing ties the book together wonderfully. This book left me with a sense of awe, making it easy to see why it has become a classic. I personally loved it. I am so glad that I was exposed to the book, it set the specifications of what a truely marvelous classic for me. And I know that To Kill a Mockingbird will remain a classic for a long time to come.
B00005A46T|2.0|some of the songs are ok, but i personally found it disappointing.
B000003TAW|5.0|The first Weezer is by far the group's best work. This CD is filled with some of the best rock music I have ever heard. Every track of this CD is a wonderful song, unlike most which have but a few good songs and a bunch of fillers. This CD is one of the best I have heard in a long time.
B00005LKIM|4.0|I enjoyed the movie. I had to look away from the screen about three times due to gore. The gore is to be expected. It is a movie about a cannibal. Anthony Hopkins is good as \\"Hannibal\\" again. This time we get more insight into what type of man he is. This movie is both thrilling and amusing. <br />My only worry is that some could see this movie as the glorification of a serial killer. It isn't blatantly said that what \\"Hannibal\\" is doing is right in the movie but all the indicators are there. \\"Hannibal\\" attacks only people he considers sinners. The majority of these people aren't shown in a favorable light for the viewer. He saves \\"....\\" And the ending shows him in a favorable light. He's actually this movie's hero! <br />That said, I still want to see this movie again. It's morbidly fascinating.  I keep recalling all these scenes I would like to see again.  The more I think about it and the more I see the commercials for it, the more I realize how much I liked this movie.
B00003CXN4|1.0|I was just not impressed with this film. Maybe if I saw it before all the hype I would not have been disapointed, but frankly, I just did not enjoy it.
B00005A46T|5.0|Their last cd completely blew me away, I didn't think they could do any better than that. Iowa blows that disk out of the water. There is absolutely nothing like a band that does it to make their original fans happy, and not try to mainstream themselves to a more generic sound, just for the sake of more money. I would recommend this cd to absolutely anyone, even people that aren't fans of metal. Congrats guys!
0452282152|5.0|This book was a delight to read. The criticism that it is offensive because Griet offers several insightful comments to Vermeer is laughable. While reading, I thought I could tell that Mrs. Chevalier graduated from a Creative Writing program, but that is neither here nor there. The writing was crisp, direct and engaging, as were both her characters and the world they inhabitied. I would have been very proud to write this book. I especially enjoyed the last fify or so pages.
0385335989|5.0|This is the 4th episode in the Outlander Series. Glad it isnt the last! There are so many side stories to keep your interest and the characters are vivid. Of course, it continues the story of Jamie and Claire and what a story it is! This series is so refreshingly different from the standard 'historical romances' they should not even be labeled as such! I've read the 4 books over the summer and am glad to have the opportunity to catch up on my sleep waiting for the 5th book in November.  Diana ends each chapter with a lure to go on to the next, thereby delaying chores, sleep etc. etc. Good author! Diana, you are amazing!
B00005KB9R|5.0|In 1995 I purchased this cd and it was the first piece of Bob Marley's work i bought. I found it at a store in the Super saver area. I had a gift certicicate and i was just looking for something to waste the rest of the certificate on. Well let me tell you the thing i got as the primary purchase is long gone and forgotten but this CD is going to be with me for a long time. This CD has several amazing things on it that actually show what a great musician and arranger Bob was. Included are great vocal arrangements on Hallelujah Time and of course I Shot The Sheriff. The Harmony vocals by Bunny Wailer and Peter Tosh are a perfect compliment and decoration to Bob's lead vocals. There is great musical ability shown in Guitar, Bass and piano solos. The rhythm arranging is pefect and percussion affects are well placed especially on Rasta Man Chant which is a traditional Rastafarian Ritual tune. Of course this CD is packed full of songs with a message of strength and spiritual enlightening as well as fighting for what is right as well as your right. Put It On for intance is i tune that sends a message that says &quot;i'm a rude boy&quot;, it thanks the Lord for the gifts he has given and yet is chucked full of sexual overtones. Simply amazing!
B00003CX9E|5.0|Sometimes &quot;they&quot; are right, and that's all there is to it. &quot;They&quot; say that _Citizen Kane_ is still the best American movie ever made, and so it is. <br />Best for its innovative cinematography (shot after shot have been copied by other filmmakers ever since), witty script, and superb acting - with Joseph Cotten, in my opinion, taking the honours from Welles himself on that score. But also best for being so incredibly entertaining while being self-consciously clever. There are lots of good jokes (including one famously rude in-joke*), and it's splendidly cynical about business and politics in a way that US films probably aren't allowed to do any more. <br />The DVD release does everything a DVD should: giving us a generous supply of outtakes, &quot;making of&quot; information that help you look at details (even now) with a fresh eye, discussions with the people who made the film, and some of the many critics who've carved themselves a living out of talking about it. <br />But in the end, I don't expect I'll watch all that other stuff very often. Maybe once more. In the end it's the film, _Citizen Kane_, in a format that beats the hell out of video, looking crisp and clear and sounding terrific, that makes this a worthwhile buy. <br />Cheers! <br />Laon <br />* &quot;Rosebud&quot; wasn't just a symbol of Kane's innocent, lost,childhood. It was also, out in the real world, a pet name that William Randolph Hearst used for, er, an intimate part of his lover's (Marion Davies) body. And though in public Welles insisted the film was not getting at any corrupt and powerful newspaper magnate in particular, that detail made it clear to Hearst that Welles meant Hearst, and he meant it _personally_. No wonder Hearst went out to destroy Welles. I might have been annoyed myself.
B000001ESN|5.0|I bought this when it was first released after saving up paper route money. One of the things that has amazed me over these many years is how fresh it still seems. Everybody has heard &quot;Freewill&quot; and &quot;The Spirit of Radio&quot; but &quot;Natural Science&quot; has this incredible driving groove that never leaves you. In my opinion, Rush was really starting to hit it's stride around this time.
6305736650|4.0|Casablanca was directed by Michael Curtiz that later he directed Elvis Presley in King Creole. This film got 3 academy aswards for Best Pitcure, Best Director and Best Screenplay. And 5 academy award nominations for Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, Best B/W Cinematography, Best Film Editing and Best score. And you may know that Michael Curtiz did 96 fims and all I think he directed. Michael Curtiz started in 1928 and did his last film in 1961. But I guess this film desveres 4 stars from me. But how many films that are as loved by people now days before there was dvd player and a vcr. You have to wonder how people could have gotten along with a dvd player and vcr in these days. And days with no tv or radio. How would people than get thier news? This film has Humphrey Bogard, Paul Heneird and others. And I guess in the old days before vcr and dvd, you have to ctach films on tv and wait utnil the movie plays again whether or not you might have missed it. If you are a fan of classics get this one.
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot had a difficult task to follow up from their previous album. With the new release of the album named Iowa, they have successfully completed the task. The album is great from top to bottom.
B000006TSC|4.0|This was the first Camel LP I didn't buy. I had followed the band since their MIRAGE days, and by the time I got to university and they got to RAIN DANCES, I realised that Camel were not going to change the world. The music was too damn pleasant and the band members too damn nice for governments ever to collapse in their wake. So a college friend bought BREATHLESS and I borrowed it relentlessly. As other reviewers have noted here, the highlight is definitely Latimer's guitar break at the end of 'Summer Lightning', which opened side two of the LP. But the collaboration with reedsman Mel Collins was showing increasing returns too -- look out for this session ace on Chris Squire's FISH OUT OF WATER and King Crimson's RED in particular. When John Tracy's sleevenotes aren't getting anal about LP serial numbers and precise release dates, he provides some helpful information about the friction between Bardens and Latimer. I was unaware of the impending divorce at the time, and I have to admit I was shocked when Bardens left the band. I had always been led to believe that Camel was his band, despite the fact that Latimer did the vocals, guitar and flute and always seemed to perform the better instrumental solos. My personal view is that, the punk movement aside, what messed it up for many Camel fans was Richard Sinclair's voice. His whimsical, throwaway vocal style just didn't seem in keeping with the mostly serious intent of a band that performed with orchestras and wrote concept albums. As with all Decca CD re-releases from the 1980s, this is in ADRM. While all the other labels were simply saying whether the CD was DDD, ADD or AAD, I didn't appreciate what Decca was trying to tell us when it said that all the Camel (and Caravan) albums were AAD ADRM. It was only in the late 1990s when other labels started re-mastering the CDs they had rush-released in the mid-1980s that I realised what an improvement in sound quality could be achieved. BREATHLESS has benefitted less from the process than say, MIRAGE, but then I can't be sure because I don't have the LP to compare it with. Ian Burton, where are you now?? (Sorry if I scratched your LP!)the process than say, MIRAGE, but then I can't be sure because I don't have the LP to compare it with. Ian Burton, where are you now?? (Sorry if I scratched your LP!)
B00005A46T|5.0|This slipknot album is one of the best albums at the moment, not as good as the other, but you can compare it, slipknot is the best band a this moment, so imagine this cd, I just bought it today, and Im impressed with this albuem, if u like slipknot, youll love it now...
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot picks up where it left off after their last release, Iowa brings the same crunchy guitars, and tortured screams. Needless to say, if you have the first cd, you'll need to go ahead and score Iowa too. If you dont have the self titled cd, and are new to the maggot filled world of slipknot, then do yourself a favor and pick up their new &quot;disasterpiece&quot; IOWA...
B000002N25|2.0|Excellent composing and instrumentals, but Mark's vocals lack all hints of energy or inspiration. Even when the tunes are lively, Knopfler's voice never rises above a mumbling drone. Very dissappointing for a work with all of it's other elements working quite well.
B000002J2F|5.0|This is a terrific album. Although some fans were annoyed that Genesis were tossing aside their mostly progressive style, there is no denying that this album is great, and really a blend of both styles. The first three songs meld fluidly into each other with no break, almost like an epic song in itself. The last 2 songs also join together in almost an instrumental epilogue, with the vocals to &quot;Guide Vocal&quot; being reprised. The songs in between are a good mix of rock and pop, including the hits &quot;Misunderstanding&quot; and &quot;Alone tonight&quot;. This is an album that belongs in every Genesis' fan's collection. The 20 page booklet contains all lyrics and some illustrations.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|Is there any reason to enjoy this mindless, totally un-funny piece of rubbish? Is it perhaps the fact that you actually don't need a mind to appreciate its toilet humour? Is a fart really still that funny? Come on and grow up PLEASE!! In the same tasteless category as American Pie. Please don't bother!
B00000K2SD|5.0|Primera pelicula que veo en mi vida donde la violencia no me molesta. Me encant&oacute; el mensaje de la pel&iacute;cula, aunque los efectos especiales son espectaculares, el mensaje para mi fue esencial. Recomendada ampliamente!
B0000011AP|4.0|Dont know if the stoner/retro-heavy bands trying to recapture early-70s riffs n spliffs qualifies as the next big thing these days or not, but if you like that sort of squawk, Leaf Hound - an authentic 1971 slab o granite - is mandatory listening. Five ugly, hairy, red-eyed Picts, standing in a field of psilocybin, glare at you from the cover, looking for elves and sprites to beat unconscious. Not only did Leaf Hound come from (and return to) nowhere, they were barely here at all: this, their only album, was recorded in eleven grueling hours (shades of BLACK SABBATH, recorded in six!) The resulting cd combines early Sabbath waltzing-brontosaurus tempos with banshee-wail blues chug a la Zeppelins first two longplayers. And truthfully, GROWERS OF MUSHROOM aint bad at all. Frontman Pete French (later of Atomic Rooster &amp; Randy Pie) nails the sweat-soaked grittiness of Plant without the peacock feathers; his rock-solid wailing vox really deliver, especially on Drowned My Life In Fear. In fact, Leaf Hound might surprise you as a very credible working-class Zep, though the guitars of Mick Halls &amp; Derek Brooks veer closer to Iommi than Page throughout. Wish I could rhapsodize about the legato work and soaring twin leads, but there arent any. Leaf Hound just want to bludgeon you, lift your wallet and go drinking: there are worse ways to take a pummelling. Freelance Fiend, Sawdust Caesar, Stray and the other original tracks (plus two bonus) are crisp, to the point, and devoid of the eccentricities a title like GROWERS OF MUSHROOM would indicate, but despite what seems like a lotta potential negatives, this was, for me, a highly satisfying trip into the Time Tunnel. Meat and potatoes hard rock like it used to be.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|In a nutshell--a must see! Shek beat them all! Lots of hype about the others and none about Shrek and that is the story line. Take a fairy tale turn it around, add a pinch of homely hereos and heroines, a dash of great animation, 2 cups of great humor and you have Shrek! Must see, twice, must own--forever!
0783240287|5.0|We thought this dvd was simply the best.....our whole family loved the performance.....our kids (ages 4 and 6) loved it - as well as my wife and I. Quite frankly, we do not agree with the comments expressed in the other reviews regarding PG status. We thought the film was 'as good - if not better' than the live performance...we even ran out to get the audio cd for the car. Seriously, our children thought it told a great story while giving a lession about redemption and for giveness...what more can you ask for - we give this an A+++++.
0060278234|5.0|This book is amazing!! I don't know how Garth Nix does it! Lirael will keep you reading till 1:00 in the morning. If you haven't read Sabriel, then I suggest you get going because you're losing a big part of the mystery and beauty of the book if you don't. Garth Nix has written this story so well that I feel that if someone just told me how to get to the Old Kingdom, I'd become a Charter Mage myself!! Lirael is a young lady Clayr, yet does not have the &quot;Sight.&quot; She is sorely detirmed to get it even when all chances are lost AND replaced by a new hope. Prince Samuel is also brought into the tale. (if you've read Sabriel than this might feel very weird!) Sam is Sabriel and Touchstone's son. He is also expected to be Abhorsen in waiting - a destiny he has been putting off for a very long time. The two characters come together to defeat the undead and free magic that is threatening the downfall of the old kingdom. I AM DYING FOR THE NEXT BOOK, &quot;ABHORSEN!&quot; I hope you enjoy Lirael as much as I did!
B00005A46T|5.0|i had to sit through a day of school, waiting to get out....just to get this cd....lemme tell ya...it is amazing...,..when it starts off the intro is, im gonna put it planly, weird, but what else would u expect....u need to go out and get this cd, much much much better than anything else out there,...simply amazing....the songs are awesome, my personal favorite is &quot;I am hated&quot;....it sounds tight, a slow song for all those people who dont likeit heavy, is &quot;Left behind&quot;...its koo, &quot;heretic Anthem&quot; is a great song too...and finally, another great song,&quot;Skin Ticket&quot;....if u are reading this reveiw, debating wether or not to buy it...i should smack you, get up...get to the store BUY IT NOW!!
B0000025RI|5.0|I am not going to write a lot here - this is one of the best albums of all time (everybody knows, or should know that). A mix of 80's pop with 70's funk - a must have for any collection.
B00003CXA2|5.0|I just purchased the DVD (The day it was released). I spent over 2 hours watching the excellent x-tras on disc two. This is an wonderful purchase for any DVD collection
B00005A46T|5.0|When i bought the first slipknot album, i liked it, but only for about 3 weeks then i tired of it.About a month ago i started listening to it again, and havent put it down.Now the second CD is out,and i dont know how they did it, but slipknot is angrier and faster than ever before, AND I LOVE IT!If you like slipknot, there should be no doubt in your mind when it comes to picking up this cd.The songs &quot;left behind&quot; &quot;Skin thicket&quot;and &quot;gently&quot; are my favorites and they rest of the album is pure gold.Screw Limp bizkit slipknot rules!
B00005A46T|5.0|This is it. This is the best heavy metal cd u will ever hear. This is IOWA!!!! Slipknot are now the new metal gods and this album is sure to blow u away!!!! Extremely heavy songs with tons of guitar solos and drum beats. This is it!!!! U MUST buy this item. U will NOT regret it!!!!!!!
6304082428|3.0|The BBC's adaptation of P&amp;P, featuring David Rintoul and Elizabeth Garvie, is more faithful to the book and features better acting than this A&amp;E adaptation. The BBC probably had a smaller budget, so their sets aren't as lavish, but their version is still visually beautiful. Most importantly, Mr. Darcy is faithfully portrayed by David Rintoul, whereas this A&amp;E version distorts his character to make him more acceptable to contemporary sensibilities. For example, the swimming scene is oddly out of character (and not in the book). If you're only going to buy one version of P&amp;P, it should not be this one.
B00003CXSP|1.0|I am not wondering why this movie flopped at the box office. This movie left me wondering why they bothered to make it. Julianne Moore didn't hold a candle to Jodie Foster in the role of Agent Starling. I was dissapointed with the fact that Jack Crawford had no part in the movie at all. I didn't care for the way this movie jumped back and forth leaving you to assume what happened,for example, Hannibal is in Florence and then poof, he's in D.C. It was too unbelievable that the F.B.I.,and all it's resources couldn't catch the charming doctor, but Carlo and the boys snatched him up in a matter of hours. I have watched this movie 3 times making sure I didn't miss something,and have been insulted more everytime I watched it! They should've left the deleted scenes in this movie just to beef it up some more.....
6300213668|5.0|I give this movie five stars only because they put Stockard Channing in it. She just made this film. Yeah, yeah...Olivia was great singing by the pool and yes the song is great and all. But hey her acting chops arent' that great. Okay so she looked fantastic with the sandy 2 outfit. But Rizzo was actually the only character with some meat to it. Even though Stocard Channing was too old for the role she pulled it off and with so little to work with she actually makes the viewer care about her. While you forget the rest of the cast after the first ten minutes the movie is over. You kind of remember Rizzo. Maybe because she was the ho or maybe because...hey, she actually was the only who had to act in the entire movie. And that song &quot;There Are Worse Things I Could Do&quot;. That such a great song and the emotions she put into it and the feelings one gets just hearing her sing. It is actually the only song I remember. The rest just goes out the door once the movie is over. You have to admit it the next time you watch &quot;Grease&quot; that Rizzo is actually the best role in the film.
1573225517|5.0|Wow! High Fidelity is one of the funniest novels I have ever read! A friend of mine recommended this book, after having been surprised when I told her I've never read it. I couldn't put it down! I love the musical backdrop in the novel. I even listened to some of the songs that were mentioned in it, songs I haven't heard in a long time! The book talks about relationships from a male standpoint and I felt as though I was reading a Helen Fielding novel -- though I know this is an unfair comparison, for Hornby has been around longer than Fielding. I will definitely look for more work from this great author. I highly recommend this single-male-living-in-London gem!
B000002U82|5.0|When we talk about Dark side we talk about life.The heart beat which makes the tempo of the album,our everyday problems with MONEY and TIME,the colours of the rainbow that are showing you to take ANY COLOUR YOU LIKE,our fear of US AND THEM-always searching something to call black or blue,bad and good,... BRAIN DAMAGE is always around the corner and we are realy scared to become lunatics,always on the work to do something,to create something not even have the time to BREATH... And in the end the ECLIPSE comes to obscure our sun... This may be realy just the dark side of the things,or better-THE DARK SIDE OF THE MOON...but how is said at the end of the album:'There is no dark side of the moon realy-as a fact of matters it's all dark...'.
B00004Z311|5.0|There is nothing like a good, evil versus good story. I love this movie. Of course there are types who would hate it. As there are for all movies. If you're the type who is shy to fantasy stories, if you think there not for adults, then you would hate it. If your one of those people who analyse movies to death, who prob for flaws, you'll hate it. If your one of those people who are easily annoyed by older special effects you'll hate it. Now why do I like it so much? Well for one thing I am a huge fantasy si fi fan. I love the scenery in this movie. Which is mind you not a realistic look, but more of an artistic dream like look. We have the heavenly forest look, the sparkling yet dead winter forest look, the hellish realm of the Dark Lord look. The main reason to see this movie is for the evil Lord. This is still the most impressive demon to ever be imagined. Although the movie is pretty old, the evil Lord was done so well, he looks more chilling then some of the creatures now created by ILM. So if you haven't seen this movie yet, and are playing with the idea just do it. I mean it's only two bucks to rent the thing right?
B00005A46T|5.0|Let me say that Iowa is much more different from the self titled debut, Slipknot. In Iowa, Slipknot have seemed to dropped the rapcore style and get into more aggresive and angry heavy metal. but even if Iowa is different, that doesnt mean that it isnt better. Iowa still delivers all of the goods that Slipknot can offer, and goes even farther. This is an excellent CD and i love every single track!
6305313687|5.0|This movie is most definitely worth buying on DVD.... After seeing it the first time, I was so completely taken aback by it that I had to watch it again. This will change the way you think about race relations and racism in America.
B000002UAU|4.0|&quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; is often hailed as the Beatles' greatest work: Their crowning achievement. Is it? Yes and no. In terms of musical ambition and experimentation, ABSOLUTELY. Any other artist would kill to call this album their own. It's been the source of inspiration for countless artists over the years, but no one has ever come close to equaling it, and it's likely that no one ever will. Judged solely on the strength of its songs, however, this isn't the Beatles' finest album--That honor goes to either &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; or &quot;Revolver.&quot; <br />That being said, this is still a fascinating album to listen to, and I'd recommend this CD in a heartbeat to anyone whose musical tastes aren't limited to the &quot;flavor of the week.&quot; It's staggering to hear just how far the Beatles had progressed musically from their &quot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;Love Me Do&quot; period. The Beatles were leading the pack here, and imitating NOBODY. I don't envy the critics who had to review this album when it first came out back in 1967. How could one judge songs like &quot;Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds&quot; or &quot;A Day In The Life,&quot; based on what had come before them? The Beatles ignored all the boundaries, and created new ones. <br />I had a good laugh when I read the review that gave this CD one star and assigned passing or failing (mostly failing) grades to each song. This guy reminds me of one of my old high-school teachers, who was very arrogant but would have flunked out of his own class.
B000002KBH|5.0|...well, in this case-- EVERYTHING. This album is indeed beautiful. Those who are under the impression that the Dead is only really great as a live band have never heard this one. From the opening chords of &quot;Box of Rain&quot;, this record kicks it into high gear. The music is tight... every musician is at the top of his art. Bob's vocals have never sounded so firm and clear... and Jerry-- what can we NOT say about Jerry here. The boys all do so well. The band proved they could morph from the psychadellic band to a country-tinted California band who could still rock! Forget SKELETONS... this is *the* introduction to the Dead as a studio band.
B00003CXTG|5.0|Fantastic- the best film I've ever seen, fantastic cast and gripping storyline, definitely a film you will think about for weeks after you have seen it!
B00005J6UP|5.0|Director Richard Donner has gone into his wine cellar, retrieved this vintage flick, and poured it out for today's kids who might enjoy it along with a serving of Spy Kids and Harry Potter.Now, what is a goony, they might ask? Well, in this case, it's one of seven kids who find themselves searching for buried pirate loot, and running from the villainous Fratelli family. It's Saturday-matinee serial redux; SEE the Goonies escape from Steven Spielberg death-traps and Rube Goldberg booby traps! LAUGH at the unforgettable 'Truffle Shuffle!' APPLAUD as our heroes save the day, and WISH they'd made a sequel.Donner's wine has improved with age. The rapid pacing, the unraveling mystery, the over-lapping dialogue...and the incomparable Anne Ramsey as Mama Fratelli. Ahhhh, what a great actress. She scared the lice off of me as a kid, and can still do it, sixteen years later. And Sloth, cousin to the Incredible Hulk. How much can one love a misunderstood movie mutant? And Jeff Cohen as Chunk, possibly the greatest juvenile scene-stealer in motion picture history, (although, unlike most kid actors, you WANT him to do it).OVER 21 ALERT: It's not just a kids' movie! Oh, no! There's plenty for the big kids, really! This DVD has for example, several deleted scenes, including the infamous and mysterious 'octopus' scene, subject of much discussion and speculation. Well, now you can see for yourself why it was cut...We have here also the complete two-part Cyndi Lauper &quot;Goonies R Good Enough&quot; music video, guest-starring the Goonies cast, the Bangles as lady pirates, the hibachi chefs, the professional wrestlers, the plastic cow, Dave and Wendy and...(drum roll)...Andre the Giant! Yes, it's all here...the 12-minute video that was almost long enough (and funny enough) to be Goonies II.But never mind all this. What the grown-ups REALLY want to see is the Director's Commentary. That's right, SEE. This special edition DVD occasionally allows you to see the stars and director chatand reminisce about the picture, and...WOW. ALL SEVEN Goonies are here! Chatting, bickering, laughing, remembering. And I KNOW you all want to see how well the Goonies aged over 16 years. Very well, actually. And it's funny to note that Corey Feldman's character was called &quot;Mouth,&quot; as he blabs away, hogging most of the commentary himself, (with Martha Plimpton in second place for the Chatterbox award). Interestingly, Sean Astin simply gets up and walks out halfway through the movie. Why? No one could say. Perhaps that will someday be as big a mystery as the 'octopus' scene...
B00005A46T|5.0|I bought the first slipknot album and i thoought it sucked, to be honest. But it was guitar world magazine that caused me to buy this one. This album is very good,If you didn't like slipknot in the past you should give this one a chance(THERES BASS!) - Brian
B000056K04|4.0|While some people may not like this CD for it being, too pop oriented, I really don't feel that is true. The Space Between does sound, oh, just a tad bit over produced but, aside from that track, it's a pretty solid effort. Dave Matthews is progressing and, trying his hand at a few new sounds on this CD but, it works nicely. Nothing seems like it's that drastic of a change from anyhting else he's done . Like I said, to me this is a good solid effort which I have listened to many more times than anything I've bought recently. If you like the DMB, buy this. I'm sure if he would have come out with a cookie cutter copy of his last CD there would have been just as many complaints but, just from a different crowd.
1573226521|5.0|It is impossible for me to say something that no one else has about this book; they've all hit the nail right on the head (exept those who didn't like it:). Just incase you didn't get the picture from the other reviewers, the movie does no justice to the book, if you've seen it. It's like what the Final fantasy movie did to the game. The acting is pretty rank, the script is horribly adapted, and Leo, though pretty good in Titanic, is miscast beyond belief (the role was rightfully Ewan McGregors, obi-wan from Starwars I and Trainspotting). So yeah, forget that movie was ever made, basically. Moving on, I am by no means a book lover. In fact, this is the first time I've ever been in the Amazon book section, and also, this is the only non-required book I've finished reading in about two years. And let me tell you, I've read it no less than 10 times since the first time I finished it. This is the greatest thing I've ever read (including the bible)(sorry to the religious folk out there, but it's just my opinion). In conclusion, BUY THIS BOOK!!! It just keeps getting better, every time I read it.
B00005A46T|5.0|If u dont have this cd u are missing a great deal. If ur a metal fan this is one for the collection.
B000002JS6|5.0|Welcome to 42 minutes of nonstop macho mood music. If the gods of Valhalla ever go on Spring break, their soundtrack is Back in Black: ten testosterone laden paeans to sex, booze, and more sex and more booze. Some listeners will stop at that: they'll either revel in this music, or they'll deride it as jock rock. True, AC/DC never were a complicated listening experience. Hey, more power to them. But this album's musicianship deserves special mention. Mid-tempo three-chord rock has to be played superbly, otherwise a band ends up in Spinal Tap territory. And AC/DC really is superb. After 20 years, Back in Black still sets the standard for perfection. You'll find no lengthy solos or other standard self indulgences. Instead, the playing is the tightest you'll ever pray for. Guitars, bass, and drums are fused into one fat shiny metal hammer, swung by Thor himself with gleeful abandon. And the sound's richness is to die for. The timbre of the guitars, the dense compact chords, the rhythm breaks ... everything, everything is calibrated and dosed to perfection. Only in the baroque music of centuries ago will you ever hear such awe-inspiring discipline and restraint, distilled into music that sounds deceptively simple. Back in Black's ensemble production means you don't get a lot of memorable individual solos, hooks, or lyrics (for that kind of radio fodder, certainly you should check out early Van Halen or Led Zeppelin.) Instead, AC/DC is a unibody rock machine designed to attack your senses as a single, ferocious, self contained unit. If you're in a macho, happy mood, and you need a soundtrack to sustain it, then Back in Black is definitely the album for you. Have a drink on me.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Nightfall In Middle Earth is one of the best CD's from Blind Guardian, having based it's liyrics in the book &quot;The Silmarillion&quot; written by J.R.R. Tolkien. For heavy metal lovers and fans of the work or J.R.R. Tolkien, this CD is an unvaluable item to buy
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Memento is original, daring and creative. I never experienced quite the same tension in a live theater before as one could feel the whirling brains ticking and clicking as each viewer attempted to process the extraordinary plot. I could &quot;hear&quot; mental springs pop out loud as this movie-going audience desperately attempted to keep pace with, make sense of, and follow each twist and turn of the story's spine. A &quot;grabber&quot; in the true sense of the word, this film demands contemplation, reflection and respect.
0553106635|5.0|It's unusual to read a series where you really never know what's going to happen next. The heroes are just as vulnerable as the villians, and you can't always tell which is which! This series is very disturbing but you can't help coming back for more...
B00005A46T|5.0|hi.this cd is the best from slipknot.from song one to song seven its heavey and hard.song eight kind of sounds like wait and bleed.i think its the best.from then on its a lower kind of metal.i recomend this cd to anyone who likes mudvayne,the first slipknot cd or drowning pool.
B000056VPD|5.0|I must say that I'm also one of the many fans who have waited for nearly twenty years for a &quot;Benson&quot; Video and this Video was worth the long wait.But I geuss everybody can have their own opinion about a certain artist.George Benson is truly blessed, he does'nt even have to play the guitar - he can just sing and still teach hundreds of professional singers a trick or two.He is from the old school and has proovin' himself worthy of doing several albums with such greats like &quot;Quincy Jones&quot; and &quot;Tommy Lipuma&quot;. As for those negative reviewers please understand that a lot of people come to hear Benson sing and play the guitar,you can not expect him to play solos the whole evening,do a moonwalk and spin on his back.Most of the serious musicians don't have time to sit with the camera crew and explain when they gonna smile or who's gonna take a solo next,they always try and iteract with the band or the audience that's live music. We are music lovers and not a circus audience if you want action then you should buy Michael Jackson,Britney Spears or N'Sync etc...because George Benson does not have to pretend in front of the cameras.You must know that a lot of these great artists have only been fortunate to make videos towards their early sixties like James Brown and B.B.KING'S latest Videos where you get less movements and more music.I see nothing wrong with the &quot;Absolute Benson&quot; DVD the sound and picture qaulity is great.This might be the last G.B Video from this great musician to all his fans worlwide buy it now.
0380789019|5.0|Imagine Alice in wonderland, 'cept it all happens in subway and sewer tunnels.<BR>The whole idea behind the book is that there are two worlds. World above (normal world) and World below, where all kinds of crazy and disturbing stuff happens, like every-day life. It just so happens that Richard Mayhew accidentally joins the world below by helping a bleeding girl on the street (he's the only one that noticed her.) The thing is, he doesn't exist in the world above anymore. Now he goes below, to find an answer for his question: How does he get his life back?<BR>One clich or two aside, this book is amazingly creative, and the scenes are described to perfection (not too much detail)<BR>The only thing that somewhat angers me is that the world seems so HUGE, yet it's only described to a certain extent, and no sequels are planned for it. Seven sisters? How come we only get to meet one?<BR>I highly recommend this book to anyone that enjoyed Alice in Wonderland simply because of the sheer creativity it had going on for it. Don't get me wrong, this book is very dark (&quot;I think my throat's been cut. Do you have anything to bind it with?&quot;) and sometimes creepy, but you shouldn't consider yourself a fiction fan if you haven't read this masterpiece.
0064407667|5.0|This is, indefinatley, one of the best book I've read, and fits in with Artemis Fowl, The Harry Potter Series, His Dark Materials Series, and The Cirque Du Freake series which are, pretty much, my favorite books. If you enjoyed any of those you will probably like this a lot. It has almost no flaws at all, but one thing I did notice, was that it was not a miserable as it set out to be. In my oppinion it did have a happy ending, even though Mr. Snicket said it wouldn't. Other than that, all I can say is read this book! You won't regret it.
B00003CXS4|4.0|I don't know why they advertised this movie to say Brad Pitt is the big star, because he definitley isn't featured the most --and he's not the best actor there. Everyone does an amazing job with a fun script. This is an awesome movie, but it misleads people to think Brad Pitt is the big star.
B00005K3OT|5.0|this movie is a movie that u wanna live it u wanna go inside the screen and live the movie its a delicous treat but its not a anyone's flavor u need to be in love with drama/romance movie this aint no a movie to see and excpect an action or a fight or violence this is a movie for every drama fan i loved julliet binoche in this she deserved the oscar so jude dinch but this movie wasnt an best picture winner no way for that
0812523334|5.0|While this book is often relegated to \\"girl's fiction\\", Little Women should be read by anyone interested in American literature and history.  Little Women is based on Alcott's life at home with her sisters, mother and father, but is in no way a biography. She transforms personal disappointment and loss into a story of close family love, personal growth, moral duty and fulfillment.<br />The writing is humorous, sentimental, a bit moralistic (which was the style at the time--the height of the religious revival in America.) The characters are true--because they were taken from Louisa's own sisters and parents. \\"Laurie\\" may be David Thoreau, a neighbor for whom Alcott may have had an unrequited love.<br />This is one of my favorite novels. I loved it as a child and I love it still.
B00003CXA4|4.0|Half way through this DVD we get an intermission. What are we meant to do, jump up and down yelling &quot;long line Ghanja-di&quot; (or whatever it is) while the drums bang? Go and make some tea? Twiddle our thumbs? It may be authentic, but not needed as we can stop DVD anytime. Moving it on is the tricky bit.<BR>Attenborough has a good eye for widescreen. He's not a great artist, but a good showman. He took broad strokes. Too broad for some. See ex-Goldcrest producer Jake Eberts book 'My Indecision Is Final' for a fascinating behind the scenes look at the production process and distribution deal.<BR>There is also an interview with Kingsley. His praise of Guilgood is over the top. Remember &quot;then we'll deal with the Mahatma&quot; (Dan-dan!) He should have included the anecdote he gave in another interview in which he brilliantly mimics Sir Dickie's conversation with an Indian assistant director. &quot;Darling, have we got clearance for the scene tomorrow?&quot; - &quot;Yes, Dickie.&quot; - &quot;Darling, do we have clearance for the scene tomorrow? - &quot;Yes, Dickie.&quot; - &quot;Darling, DO we have clearance for tomorrow?&quot; - &quot;No.&quot;
B00005K3OT|4.0|Having watched this film only at the insistence of my wife, I resisted its charms as long as possible. I mean, come on, it's a mystical/mystery/romance/ensemble/cookbook! But the portrayal of small town French life soon won me over, and I set aside my reservations to just enjoy what was offered (not unlike a Hershey's bar?) The performances are uniformly good -- Juliette Binoche is, as always, beautiful and earthy, while Johnny Depp does a convincing Irish vagabond. Hallstrom's direction is aesthetically pleasing, from the quaint town to the delicious-looking chocolate. So if you're not expecting too much, I think you'll enjoy the film.
0425169251|3.0|The plot was too twisted. There were too many people to keep track of and I was confused halfway through. This usually does not happen with her mysteries. I'm not sure if this was intentional or just how it turned out. I don't think she knew who to make the culprit till the end. Maybe persons with more complex thought processes will enjoy.
B00005A46T|4.0|Iowa is amazing. Not once was I disapointed as I listened to this for the first time. Each and every song is heavy yet memorable right from the beginning to the end. Slipknot are the new metal masters and this album proves it. So don't just sit there reading this, go and get your copy now ! ! ! !
B00001QGPS|4.0|I don't have much to say about this album. It is very entertaining. My only problem was that it seemed to, so a small extent, favor Method Man, whereas I like Redman better. They're both good though. The beats are ok. Nothing special, but not bad. Lyrically, its not really ABOUT anything, which kind of bothered me, but it's good none-the-less. The best songs are: Maaad Crew, Cheka, and 1,2,1,2, Da Rockwilder and Well All Rite Cha.
6305313687|5.0|OH MY GOD were the first words that came out of my mouth when this movie ended. I think that movies like this can only give the complete essence of what they're trying to say with a strong and stellar cast who can make that message easier to say. Edward Norton-WOW!! I mean, i don't even think that you could begin to describe the kind of effect he had on you during the whole movie. He made you believe that he really was the white supermacist that he was portraying. It was so real, that it was actually quite scary. And Edward Furlong? Needless to say, I think that he is one of the most talented young actors out there today. He had such a strong perfomance and for a kid who was only about twenty or so during that movie, I think that he deserves more credit. All in all, I think that this is one of the best movies of 1998, and I would reccomend it to everybody.
0800179501|5.0|&quot;The Karate Kid&quot; stars Ralph Macchio as Daniel Larusso, the new kid in California who just moved with his mother from New Jersey. But problems immediately arise when Daniel has his eye on Ali (Elizabeth Shue) and they start hanging out. And that's not the problem exactly, it's that Ali's old boyfriend, Johnny (William Zabka) gets jealous and with his band of his karate friends from the Cobra Kai Dojo, beat up and pick on Daniel. Daniel wants very badly to have revenge on the Cobra Kai gang and is obsessed on learning karate. With the help of a handyman, Miyage-san (Pat Morita), who is not what he seems, learns karate so he can enter the All-Valley Karate Championship Tournament. Throughout his training, Daniel not only learns how to do karate, he learns that you learn karate not to fight, but to stop fighting. <br />A truly touching and heart-warming tale!! I've always been fascinated by karate and since my father learned karate when he was young, he has taught me a few things. I rented this video and couldn't tear myself away from the TV set. The acting is good with Ralph Macchio as 'the karate kid' who learns a few things from a wonderful teacher, Pat Morita. Elizabeth Shue is also great as the girlfriend and William Zabka makes a wonderful and believable villain. The movie has plenty of principles which are important: to have patience, fighting does not solve any problems, trust in your mentors, and more. <br />This is a definite must-see for teenagers and adults. Don't miss out on &quot;The Karate Kid&quot;! I can't wait to get this DVD and watch it again!
0451160916|5.0|Wow. I love the movie and all, but this is way scarier. the movie is great but it just leaves out so many scary parts that only the book tells about. (I haven't seen the tv version of it... ... ... I'm not sure if its available on video or what.) Well, I am a huge fan of The Shining now and I am urging all my friends to go out and see it/read it RIGHT NOW!!! I saw the movie first and I think it helped me when reading the book because it was more understandable; I was at least somewhat familiar with what was happening. Now, some people say that the book is so much better in comparison to the movie that the movie ... But I could never say that, I would feel like I betrayed it or something (I have a strong loyalty to the movie, its the first thing I ever experienced involving The Shining and it is of total sentimental value). I'm just glad to have both because its like two different endings to enjoy! I just finished reading the book 10 minutes ago and right now i am feeling a mixture of emotions; the book is so sad and terrifying all at once. The book is plain amazing. I am still in a state of shock/awe at it. It is written beautifully and I wouldn't change a thing. this book is a must-read for EVERYONE, believe me, you won't regret it.
B000004C0Y|1.0|When McClintock (my fave Wayne movie, by the way) came out on VHS, there was a big controversy because &quot;Goodtime&quot; video released it in such bad shape. About a week after they released it, John Wayne's son who had produced the movie, said that Goodtime had released it without his permission. He then released a much better version. BOTTOM LINE: DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM GOODTIME, ESPECIALLY THIS MOVIE. HOPE THAT WAYNE'S SON WILL RELEASE HIS VERSION ON DVD!!
B00005BL2A|3.0|Having just had front row seats for their Exciter tour and listened to this album shortly before, let me tell you Depeche Mode still knows how to make awesome music.<BR>Exciter is what we've come to expect from DM, but it doesn't deliver the expected... It's really good tunes, without rehashing old stuff. It's new without being too new.<BR>You'll like this if you like DM.
B000056HUA|3.0|I popped this baby into my Toshiba and was a little surprised. Jim's vocals are center channel. The low frequency channel only chimes in during &quot;Riders&quot;. So don't buy this disc thinking that you will be blown away. But be prepared to listen and enjoy the subtle placing of instruments in the rear channels, crisp sound and utter lack of tape hiss.
B000000OMB|5.0|This album made me do what I am doing today. And this album is responsible for the way I do it. I run my own recording studio and I produce regional artists. My studio is called Taggart Audio Group and it's been very successful. I strive for the technical excellence of the production of the album &quot;Asia&quot;. That is my standard. I'm not saying everything I produce sounds like Asia. I'm saying the standard has been set and I try to meet it every day. As far as the people who say the music has no soul are concerned; maybe it's not the music that's souless. One more thing: Let's all pray for a reunion.
B00004TJLD|2.0|Yep...I bought this DVD-Audio and was expecting something great. What I got was no LFE and scant use of my surrounds (mostly ambient concert-like reverb). One spot of praise is the lack of tape hiss. Too bad about the rest of it...this recording could really sing (moreso than the 2 channel version already does) if remastered correctly.
B00005B4GU|5.0|sad,dead,....life,there is no peace.poor tom! i just want to say:good bye tom, and happy end of the world
B00005B5L4|4.0|I cannot believe I wrote that title, but it really is true. The bass is WAY too loud (turn DOWN the gain on your LFE speaker if you can). Otherwise this DVD-Audio is darned near the best incarnation of this recording ever. The ballads are the most incredible. You will fall in love with Fleetwood Mac all over again and remember why you ruined the groove on your LP copy of this recording.
B00003CXE6|4.0|When I watched this movie, I thought it was going to be a mindless action romp. I was proved wrong. Despite the graphic violence (I had to close my eyes on some parts), it was definitely an amazing movie. It was so beautifully filmed and acted. The characters seemed slightly odd to our standards. That just gave the feel that this really was more than one thousand years ago and almost a completely different world. Even though the fighting was gory, it was always well choreographed. Russel Crowe did a fabulous job as a brave and honorable fighter (he's awesome!), as did everyone. I definitely suggest this movie, despite the bloodiness (if that's a word). I know I haven't told much about the plot, but there really isn't a very complicated one.
B000002O1Q|5.0|This has been one of my favorite soundtracks since I first viewed the movie when it came out in 1984. The group Fire Inc. is incredible. Dan Hartman, the Fixx and others are fantastic as well. The movie is one of a kind. It's surreal settings and 50's look was very cool. I still pull the video out every year or so to watch it. The soundtrack gets played more frequently. If you like Michael Pare in this movie and haven't seen Eddie and the Cruisers, that is another fantastic soundtrack reminicent of Springsteen's music.
6304080921|4.0|12 Monkeys is about a convict from the future. Earth's air is infected with a deadly virus that has wiped out something like 99% of the population. Those who are alive live underground. The convicts &quot;volunteer&quot; to help the scientists collect data on the surface with special suits on. Some of them even have to travel back through time to collect information. This convict, played by Bruce Willis, is the star of this story. He is supposed to get sent back to the year that the virus is released, but he is accidentally sent back five years before the virus is supposed to be sent. Everyone thinks he is a raving lunatic including a very pretty psychologist (Madeline Stowe, who does a fabulous American accent). There, he meets fellow nutcase Jeffery Goines (I hope that's spelled right) who really is crazy! Anyway, he travels through time, and gradually, the story unfolds. A sad romance also grows between him and the psychologist. There are many unanswered questions. You may find the answers to them if you watch it more than once, though, and pay very close attention. This sounds very confusing, and it is. But it is ever so cool.
0446677450|2.0|This book has some radical new ideas that may lift a person's motivation but overall I didn't learn anything that is practical and most important financially sound. Taking risk is emphasized and investing in real estate is his main source of income but I think the numbers and stories are exagerated to increase its efficacy. I really didn't enjoy the book and besides there were some bad rumours about this author's honesty circulating the web.
6302561841|5.0|Chaplin's Modern Times leaves us awed with various noteworthy marks. First of all, Chaplin endeavored to make his second sound film following City Lights (1931), in spite of the wide-conquering trend of talkie. Not only the background music but also occasional sound effects bring out the brilliance of the director. Second, even after two decades since his silver screen debut in 1914, the performance of Charlie the Little Tramp and Chaplin's directing had been matured, not faded, like a good wine. Those laughing spots fairly spread in the entire film proves it. Last but not least, you can never forget this film for the moment when the long-time silent Little Tramp finally open his mouth to sing!--for the first and final time, unless you count The Great Dictator (1940), the following film and another masterpiece of Chaplin. --After all those struggles, Charlie gets a job at a cafe, where his adventure partner the Gamine (Paulette Goddard; Chaplin's wife at that time) works as a dancer. Charlie is to wait and sing. As he can't remember the lyrics when rehearsing, the Gamine helps him writing the lyrics on his cuff for a cheat sheet. A fanfare goes and the Little Tramp marches in the floor stage performing an eccentric dance until he dances so hard that the cuffs are blown away. He frantically and desperately searches for the cuffs and the Gamine says (in the spoken title) &quot;Sing! Never mind the words!&quot;-- It is well known that Chaplin was the last resistant against talkie claiming the universality of silent films. What he performed in this &quot;Titina&quot; sequence, singing in the stateless language (still obvious it is conjured up with a few languages such as French or Italian) and storytelling by his brilliant pantomime. The audience in the film reacts the same way as we do: get a nice-surprise, laugh and applaud. With its theme song &quot;Smile&quot;, composed by Chaplin, the performance of Charlie the Little Tramp is definitely one of the highlights of this film. Play it again, Charlie!
B00001NFCY|5.0|ARE YOU READY to think WHAT IF, the BEAUTIFUL, SAY I, would go the WRONG WAY and meet the FACELESS MAN, that NEVER DIEs and stands WITH ARMS WIDE OPEN to get us HIGHER and WASH AWAY THOSE YEARS INSIDE US ALL.<BR>Incredible sound, unbelievably touching and smart lyrics, the combination of these two blows away and makes the Human Clay the best album of the recent years.<BR>The anger of What If, the beauty of With Arms Wide Open, the passion of Beautiful, the sorrow of Wash Away Those Years, the bitter philosophy of Inside Us All, all these feelings, altogether with that undisputable musical talent of Creed, creates the unforgettable impression about the album, and make a listener look forward to their new album, which, hopefully, is to be released this fall.
0380002930|5.0|This is a charming story for anyone 12 and older. Adams does a superlative job developing the character of each rabbit and telling a believable and engrosing tale of how they endured hardship in their quest for a new home. This book belongs in the Hall of Fame - along with the Tolkien Trilogy and the C.S. Lewis Narnia series. If you loved those, you'll love this one. The movie was very bad - but the book is very, very good.
B000002J1S|5.0|Listen to this CD with both ears. This album is the most elaborate and creative of the early years of Genesis. The album tells a fantastic story of young angst, love, and life. Being a fan for years I have always regarded this as their best work albeit the more conceptual. I highly recomended all of the early Genesis albums. This being the tops.
B000002J0G|4.0|A pivotal album for Testament. Marked vocalists Chuck Billy's turn toward brutal death metal style vocals. James Murphy on leads? Forget about it. This disc will crush you into the ground. Check out Dog Faced Gods. The production is clean, tight and full. This although their final major label release, this album was a glimpse of a heavier tuned down Testament to come. This disc is a necessary add to a heavy rock/death metal collection. The nu-metal crowd and all the rap rock bands can't hold a candle to Billy's vocal abilities or James Murphy's searing guitar.
0140288503|5.0|One of the few books that I could not put down!
6304230109|5.0|Out of all the unplugged performances that so many artists have given this one is amoung the best. First of all the set list is perfect. The performance of the songs alone is stirring and powerful. The best version of &quot;Down in a hole&quot; is in this video. I've seen the video for &quot;down in a hole&quot; and it doesn't come close to the power of hearing and seeing the band perform the song live. Jerry Cantrell gives the other band members a smile during the performance because he knows that they are playing well. I was amazed at how Layne Staley sings so effortlessly and at the same time beautifully. The highlights of this video are obviously &quot;Down in a hole&quot;, &quot;Nutshell&quot;, and &quot;Killer is me.&quot; You'll also see a false start of &quot;sludge factory&quot; where Layne messes up on the lyrics or something. But after that the band's performance is flawless. As Layne said it is there &quot;best performance in three years.&quot; If you're an alice in chains fan you probably already have it and if you don't then you're procastinating. If you're not a fan then get the video to see a live performance from the BEST Seattle band.
B000003TAW|5.0|Weezer's debut album, known as the Blue album, is a spirited 10 song set chock full of catchy songs in a power pop, punkish vein. Lead singer and songwriter Rivers Cuomo has a keen eye and a sharp pen as his songs have a sense of purpose and a nice balance between hope and cynicism. One of the album's big hits &quot;Undone (The Sweater Song)&quot; uses a sweater unraveling as a metaphor for a broken relationship and the unspools into a ringing guitar driven ending. &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; is an extremely catchy song with an irresistible chorus and is on eof the best videos from the 90's. Other songs like &quot;Surf Wax America&quot;, &quot;In The Garage&quot; and the uncharacteristically long (clocking in at over eight minutes) &quot;Only In Dreams&quot; are all great tracks. Former Cars front man Ric Ocasek provides the production on the is first rate effort.
B00005A46T|5.0|this has got to be the greatest metal album in a long time. this album shows slipknot's melodic side on 1 or 2 songs, but dont think for a second that its soft, &quot;nothing else matters&quot; stuff. the only way i can desribe this album is to picture early metallica (ride the lightning/master of puppets), with a pantera/slayer edge to it, and the signiture sound of slipknot too. this is not like anything on the old album, no hip-hop/rap style vocals and beats here. pure heavy metal. and its not to be grouped with so-called &quot;nu-metal&quot; this is to be grouped with pantera, slayer, metallica and anthrax. i highly suggest that if you like metal, and i mean old school metal, like slayer, get this album, you will be pleased. and for my personal favs on this album, i love them all, but overall, people=sh*t is the greatest song, full of that angry, hard-hiting force that is metal.
B000002KHB|5.0|Simply put one of the greatest rock albums of all time! A must have for any music lover.
B00003CY5H|5.0|This is definitely (without a doubt) a very superb movie. Of course, the brilliant Robert De Niro delivers a wonderful performance. Believe me, this is NOT one of those predictable movies such as the disappointing &quot;Jurassic Park 3&quot;. &quot;The Score&quot; is worth every penny of your money. The storyline, the cast, everything is great. I can't wait until the DVD comes out. Oh yeah, the best part-----EXPECT A GRAND FINALE.
0385501560|3.0|I'm not sure how to take the first chapter, as a disingenuous \\"too shocking to be true-you will be disgusted, repulsed, and horrified!\\" tease, or as an honest \\"this is the truth of this story, so the happy ending, redemption, and optimism you expect and want will not be there\\" preface to a story of life on the fringe. By the time the book's final words come, it's clear that it's the former.<br /><br />The story is interesting and moves quickly, just like its characters, but in the end there IS optimism and hope, and more than a hint of redemption. It is as sappy and syrupy as Chuck Palahniuk gets, but at the same time, this IS a happy ending.<br /><br />A thumbnail review somewhere else brought me to this novel. I was highly intrigued by the story of a med school dropout and general waste-case, a possible reincarnation of Jesus Christ who works at a colonial reenactment village and fakes choking in restaurants in order to make ends meet and pay for the upkeep on his institutionalized mother. Who could resist such a setup?<br /><br />And the story delivers. Victor Mancini is a fascinating character, as are his friends and their circumstances. Their stories go from there, off in unexpected and strange directions as Victor struggles with his past and resultant self-loathing, all the while knowing exactly where it comes from but not quite how to leave it behind. In the end, everyone matures a bit, Victor gets a mighty tough life lesson due to his own self-deception, and as we pull back and out on on the story, things are more or less looking up.<br /><br />In conclusion, I recommend the book. In the end, the weak but nevertheless positive happy ending wins out. I think it's clear from the book that if Victor and his crew truly were left on their own, the ending would have been seriously different. Overall, it's an entertaining story, a quick diversion, but to my mind not quite fully and honestly realized.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I really love this movie! It's great!<BR>It's got humour, a good storyline, GREAT actors and a great soundtrack. Plus, who wouldn't like a movie about Love, Beauty, Freedom and Truth? And with a Green Fairy in it! ^^
B00003CXDG|4.0|Bad Points:<BR>Tom Cruise - a short, loony actor, I rarely like anything that with which he is involved.<BR>Good Points:<BR>John Woo directed this film.<BR>It has alot of cool stunts.<BR>Tom Cruise did not have too many lines.<BR>The female co-star is VA-VA-VOOM!<BR>John Woo directed this film - and it shows.<BR>A good flick, buy it, especially if you like John Woo films.
B00005A46T|4.0|I just bought this Cd today and I must say it is very good. the first track is very reminiscent of (sic) off of the first slipknot cd. The tracks seem a bit more heavy than The first Cd though. The last track has to be the best. Clocking in at around 14 minutes I think it truly rewards listerners for hearing all of it. It also has creepy lyrics and an interesting back ground. It kinda reminds me of silence of the lambs (a great movie ) for some reason. Overall I would recommend u get to your local cd store nd purchase this cd Quickly!
B000000QG9|5.0|Simply another stellar effort from Rory Gallagher, who, along with Charlie Whitney of Family and Streetwalkers, remain two of the most unappreciated guitarists from before the days when rock and roll was a budget-line item for multinational corporations. Rory just has so much soul and emotion in his playing and singing, and there is a certain raw edge to his searing guitar work that will have you reaching to turn up the volume at once.<br />Rory Gallagher seems a true blue-collar musician: his music is lean, muscular, and at times urgent. Listen to the angst of Secret Agent or the power in Do You Read Me. Calling Card is a classy acknowledgment that the blues can't bested. The Barley and Grape Rag reframes the derelict's lamentable goal of having to get wasted but makes the whole thing sound like such fun you want to go along.
B00003CXP1|5.0|I originally viewed `Requiem for a Dream' on the first day of its run at the Dobie Theater in Austin, Texas, mid November 2000. At this date I was on the last leg of a two-month road trip through the United States, having in that time witnessed the autumnal changing of colors through the eastern seaboard and experienced the political uproar of what eventually became this country's first (documented) coup de etat.  I also had several encounters with drug users and drug dealers over the course of the journey. Trying to relax before beginning the last fifteen hundred miles home,  I decided to take in a movie I knew very little about other than what I'd seen on the Moby-scored trailer and a few laurels tossed by various newspaper critics, those articles skimmed so as not to ruin any surprises the movie might have in store.<br />I staggered out of the theater two hours later, exhilarated and exhausted and physically nauseated by this grim tale of broken illusions and abuse. Those of the audience around me displayed similar reactions: wide-eyed, pale in places, struggling to find the words...words that could not adequately express what we had seen and endured. For me, `Requiem for a Dream' was the climax of my journey, a travelogue full of encounters with drugs and the people that use them...well, the first rush of a climax, anyway, for the prostitute/junkie/schizophrenic I picked up hitchhiking a few hours later was just as harrowing an experience as this movie, in a very similar way: I saw the end result of Jennifer Connely's character ranting and raving and attempting sexual innuendos right before my jaded eyes.<br />This is not a pleasant movie. Nor is it one to be watched again and again, despite the superb cinematography and the incredible acting chops displayed by nearly all involved. But it is a movie that should be viewed by everyone at least once. Love it or hate it, the power of `Requiem for a Dream' cannot be denied. It sucks you in with hopes and dreams and beautiful illusions, then methodically crushes them one by one. The last scene, a frantic montage of images, documents the depravity in which abusers submit themselves and the physically/emotional/mental cost of synthetic pleasure; it strips away the Calvin Klien glamour of herion and shows this narcotic for what it is: the refinement of misery. <br />In my opinion this movie should become mandatory curriculum for high school drug-education classes.
0312954468|1.0|Can one give negative stars? If this book was written at the height of Mr. Smith's powers, I'd hate to see what he would write at the depth of his writing prowess. The book tends to grow on you, like a fungus. It's hard to put down at the same time that it's silly and stupid.<BR>Taita the eunuch slave out-renaissances Leonardo da Vinci. Excuse me, but he's a hard bit to swallow. Never heard of Pharaoh Mamose; he isn't listed in the book &quot;Chronology of the Pharaohs&quot; by Peter Clayton.  However, since the book appears to be set in the Second Intermediate period, we may not be aware of all the names of men who claimed to be &quot;pharaoh&quot; during that period.<BR>Please, Mr. Smith, read the scientific literature on ancient Egypt to see what it was really like.
B00003CY0V|4.0|the moment i loved this movie was after i saw the explosion scene in the beginning... it was amazing!... seein it in the theater with the big screen and the full sound effect... i was so amazed... i wish i had a camera with me to take little photographs or something... and the scene where the guys got shot through the not see through glass was very stylish and i enjoyed that part too.. i like the sound effect used... overall this movie was enjoyable to watch.. i wasnt dissapointed at the end, Hugh Jackman is such a great actor, after x-men, i truly respected him and his skills.. well maybe Gabriel was a magician himself or something... they made the 1 minute hacking scenes very intense... the music with Paul Okenfield was good..(i forgot how to spell his last name) blah blah blah isnt htis such a bad review? IT WAS A GoOD MOVIE, INTENSE SCENES, AND GREAT SPECIAL EFFECT SCENE!
B000002KDS|5.0|This is a record that I haven't been able to get off my mind in years. My first ACG record was Billion Dollar Babies, and I was enough into the material I had never heard (Raped &amp; Freezin, Unfinished Sweet) that I bought Killer as well soon thereafter. THIS is the real deal from the ACG. The thing about it that gets me is that its not just hip or ironic, but truly creepy. You can say whatever you want about &quot;tongue-in-cheek&quot; Alice, but Dead Babies is a pretty freaked out song; its not primarily for laughs but for...what? I don't have the word, but at any rate, it can be a pretty chilling song to listen to. The other real highlight for me is &quot;You Drive me Nervous&quot;, which has that signature sound pickup-truck-dirty ACG guitar. This is one of the great burnout songs of all time, along with basically anything from Exile on Main Street. Killer!
B00003W8NO|5.0|I honestly don't think Disney set out to create the work of art Toy Story is from the beginning. The animation is wonderful. But I don't think it is the best part of the film. Even the music is outstanding and a perfect match for the film. The actors' voices couldn't have been better selected. But to me, the best part is the story. After seeing it, you feel great, even if you can't put the reason why into words. I think it's because the story touches one of the deepest part of our souls and we don't realize it because it is, after all, a funny animated Disney film. It is a story of redemption - the redemption of the character Woody (not that Buzz is any less important, but I think the story would have lacked its staying power without the redemption of Woody). Woody goes from being in power, trusted, needed, righteous, respected, strong, and confident to downright enraged with jealousy - so much so that he attempts to \\"hide\\" the new doll his owner, Andy, prefers. His plan goes awry, and his rival is thrown out the window. His character flaw is now fully exposed. He falls from grace. The film could have ended with an adventurous and finely animated series of scenes leading to the return of both toys to Andy's room, but it would not have given us the satisfaction we needed internally. Woody, in trying to get Buzz back to Andy's room, shows signs of his selfishness along the way (starting with \\"...Oh, I'm saved, I'm saved!...\\" when he first finds Buzz and ending with his leaving Buzz to hide under a crate when Sid comes looking for a toy to blow up.) He almost fully redeems himself the moment he convinces Buzz that he is a \\"cool toy,\\" that Buzz is worthy of Andy's desire for him simply because he is \\"HIS toy,\\" and that he himself should rightfully be strapped to the rocket that Buzz is strapped to. Even so, Disney cleverly weaves a series of adventures in getting back to Andy that gives first Woody, but ultimately both toys, the opportunity to sacrifice themselves for the other. True redemption and return to grace - right at the chase scene! How clever! On the negative side, I must agree, at least in part, with \\"A Viewer from WV\\" about the graphic violence on the dolls being inappropriate for toddlers. My three year old was particularly frightened of the \\"baby spider.\\" And the flip side of being frightened of it is being intrigued by it (my son also bangs on the door with his fist yelling \\"Hey!\\" much the way Sid does to the machine he from which he gets Buzz and Woody at Pizza Palace). I worry that he'll someday come to idolize the Sid character. I don't need or want either emotion in my home in reaction to a children's film. (Related scenes that were deleted from the film are on the DVD version - whoever made the decision to delete them did his job well.) In all, however, I feel compelled to give it five stars as we know that even the most lasting of fairy tales contain frightening characters and violent scenes; this is supposed to have real life purpose for children (although I have yet to figure out exactly what it is). I believe the story's lesson of character redemption outweighs the violence, and I hope that my son will recognize it and idolize Woody for it someday instead. We all want to know that no matter how bad our own character flaws and bleak the situation, there is room to be a celebratory &quot;found sheep.&quot;
B000002J1O|5.0|When you look at all the different Genesis fan groups and how they rate Genesis' various albums over the years, there seems to be a general consensus that either The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway or Foxtrot is their best work, if not the best of the whole prog-rock era. Don't get me wrong, those are both excellent albums. But, I have to give the nod to this album, an underappreciated classic of British rock. I guess it doesn't get quite as much recognition as it could, being sandwiched between the epic &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; on Foxtrot and the even-more-epic saga of Rael on &quot;Broadway&quot;. This album has nothing like those musical smorgasbords. But, what it does have is a buffet of individual, relatively short songs that together form, I believe, Genesis' artistic peak. &quot;Dancing With The Moonlit Knight&quot; opens very quietly with a-capella vocals from Peter, then suddenly it breaks into a musical frenzy led by Tony Banks' keyboards and Steve Hackett's guitar. The rest of the album keeps up this high standard throughout. This is one of the very few albums I own that simply does not contain a single weak track anywhere. Tony Banks has said on many occasions that he considers &quot;After the Ordeal&quot; to be the worst thing that Genesis ever did. I will NEVER understand that, it's a beautiful instrumental. Also highlighting this album is the hilarious-yet-sad tale of gang warfare and cynical exploitation called &quot;The Battle of Epping Forest&quot;, definitely a Genesis overlooked classic. &quot;More Fool Me&quot; is a haunting hint of things to come from the young Phil Collins on one of his first vocal lead efforts. &quot;I Know What I Like&quot; was Genesis' first &quot;hit single&quot;, a very catchy tune that is a foreshadowing of later hits such as &quot;Invisible Touch&quot;, though their style would change radically by then. &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot; and &quot;Cinema Show&quot;, more excellent songs, primarily instrumentals showing off Steve Hackett and Tony Banks at their best. It's too bad they can't get along better outside of the studio, they sound so great together. &quot;Aisle of Plenty&quot;, a quick little song tacked on to the end of &quot;Cinema Show&quot;, rounds out the album nicely, with a return of the opening melody and quietness of &quot;Moonlit Night&quot;. No fan of Genesis or prog rock in general should be without this album. But, you don't have to take my word for it - listen to the sound samples for yourself, and then pick this jewel up!
B00005A46T|5.0|This CD shows how anger can be used to create beautiful music. This CD manages to be heavier than slipknots first major release and sounds a whole lot better. The drumming alone is amazing. Not only is the music spectacular but so is the CD's packaging. Great stuff.
6305470464|5.0|I started out only renting Playing By Heart because Gillian Anderson was in it and I'm a fan of hers. I expected the movie to be alright plot-wise and for Gillian to shine (which she did as usual) but I came away with so much more. Not only is Gillian fabulous in this movie but so are a variety of other actors such as Jon Stewart ,whom I had no idea could act, and Angelina Jolie. The characters were very easy to relate to and the plot was so simple to understand. Everything is so straight-forward much like real life. You know you are in love with a movie when you watch it 7 times in 4 days which I sadly did with this movie but I never got tired of it. I strongly recommend this movie who is a sap for romance or if you are just in the mood to see a great movie!
B00005J6UP|4.0|First things first, The quality of the remastering is excellent. I didn't expect it to be so clear. You can be sure that you won't be bothered by a poor remastering or image degeneration. The commentary is good, there are a lot of &quot;easter eggs&quot; about the making of the film and insight as to what went on behind the scenes as well as what was omitted in the final cut. I would have personally preferred if the (now much older) cast members had recorded their comments on different tracks, they often spoke over each other and the soundtrack came out crowded. Also, some of the actors spoke more or controlled the dialogue. Sean Astin disappears about half-way through the commentary and I really can't remember any commentary from Ke Huy Quan (data). The missing scenes are very cool, but there isn't an option to play the film with them on (like the X-Men DVD). And they are labeled as &quot;outtakes&quot; which kind of gives you the impression you are going to see flubs and bad takes.  Still there's enough extra material here to overturn any reservations. Overall, if you are a goonie fan you need to get this DVD.
B00005N83M|5.0|I just wanna say I bought this the day after this was re-released. I think J. Lo did a really good job on this album. I have her first album, which was the worst album I've ever purchased, so I waited a long time to buy this. Anyway, my favorite on here is I'm Real (murder remix). Some other favorites (in order from really good to good) are I'm Real, Play, Love Don't Cost a Thing, Come Over, We Gotta Talk, Walking on Sunshine, Dance With Me, and I'm Gonna Be Alright. I think this CD is definitely worth the buy.
B00000J2PH|5.0|&quot;Tapestry&quot; era de esos discos que siempre haba visto en todas partes, pero a los que nunca les haba dado la importancia que se merecan. Hasta que un da empec a caer en la cuenta de que, mal que mal, Carole King era la autora de grandes xitos como &quot;Locomotion&quot;, &quot;Will You Love Me Tomorrow&quot; y otros tantos. Fue ah que decid que un disco clsico de una compositora tan notable no poda ser malo. Lo compr y me di cuenta que no slo no era malo, sino que se trataba de un CD excelente.<BR>Ac no hay relleno, no hay canciones ni siquiera mediocres. Adems de los temazos como &quot;I Feel the Earth Moove&quot;, &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot; y otras tres que son parte de la cultura pop de siempre, existen tambin otras melodas memorables, a la vez profundas, melanclicas y romnticas.<BR>Las interpretaciones son sobrias. La banda se luce porque trabaja en funcin de los temas y no de ella misma. Y de Carole que ms se puede decir. Su voz es clida e intensa.
B00000JG4N|5.0|Vince Neil & Co. rock hard and endless on this phenomenal set. I remember when this one came out back in '89, and I've loved it ever since. From start to finish, this is vintage Crue. The original release had 11 cuts, then it was remastered and re-released in '99 with 4 extra bonus songs. Featuring Vince Neil ripping it up on vocals, Mick Mars lighting up the sky with killer, hard-driving guitar work. Nikki Sixx on bass, and Tommy Lee rockin' on the drums. This is all polished rock-n-roll, and it is easily my fav Crue album. \\"Dr. Feelgood\\", \\"Kickstart My Heart\\", \\"S.O.S.\\", \\"Without You\\", \\"Don't Go Away Mad\\", \\"Rattlesnake Shake\\" & \\"Time For Change\\" are my personal favs. A great mixture of slow and fast songs give you a great variety of tunes, which is one of the reasons that this album is so great. If you don't have this one, you MUST get it, especially if you're a Crue fan. There is only one way to listen to this album, LOUD!
B00000G3AZ|3.0|Emma is one of my least favorites of Miss Austen's work and in fact I never could finish it.<br /><BR>However, that being said the story does have some merit to it and the 2 most recent films have done there best to adapt it to the screen.<br /><BR>The 1997 Kate Bekinsale version a far superior to this version.<BR>Not because this film is not well acted or badly cast, because it is not. I like the entire cast of this film, although Ewan looks just damn silly with thet hair piece/wig whatever, yuck!<br /><br />However as far as the story the Bekinsale version is much more accurate historicaly and to the novel. The characters are not hollywooded up nor the script dumbed down as the Paltrow version is.<br /><BR>Please if you do like period movies and you liked Emma Thompson's<BR>Sense and Sensibility and the Colin Firth's Pride and Prejudice get the Bekinsale Emma, you will prefer it to this version by a mile!
B000003S16|1.0|track 3, 11, and 16 are the only tracks I enjoyed out of the 17 tracks that are on this CD.<BR>The title track has wonderful music,<BR>but a constant screaming of the word &quot;exposure&quot; and,<BR>well lets just say that if track 9 didn't have any vox (vocals) on it, then the name of this review<BR>would be called, 4 out of 17 is bad
0767020308|5.0|This is the best version of Emma. I love Jane Austen, I have most of her books except for Emma which I could never finish because I couldn't stand Emma!<br /><BR>Well let me tell you this version makes an improvment on the book! You don't hear that too often.<br /><BR>The Paltrow movie is much more superficial and not nearly as satisfying even though I do like all the cast of that version. Ewan MacGregor was wasted in the film I thought!<br /><BR>This version is much better at showing who Emma is and is much more satisfying. The actors are much less exagerated and cartoonish, much more believable.<br /><BR>All in all a satisfying film.<br /><BR>As to the DVD I have had two copies of this film and both seem to have a bizarre glitch where it will speed up for a fraction of a second and it seems odd. I don't think this was a trick of the film. Anyone else have this problem?
B000003S16|1.0|track 3, 11, and 16 are the only tracks I enjoyed out of the 17 tracks that are on this CD.<BR>The title track has wonderful music,<BR>but a constant screaming of the word &quot;exposure&quot; and,<BR>well lets just say that if track 9 didn't have any vox (vocals) on it, then the name of this review<BR>would be called, 4 out of 17 is bad
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot was a band that came from nowhere with a sound that came from nowhere. I'm glad to say that their new album holds to that sound that simply could not belong to anyone else. It was said that it was going to be &quot;so brutal that if your a fly by night fan, you wouldn't like it&quot;. Yes the album is brutal, but no more brutal than the first cd.The first had raw anger that was hard to match. And now Slipknot is little more produced, a litte more in the game. Not a bad thing, I like the cd I would most certainly buy it again in a heartbeat.
B000002TP7|5.0|Just another stupendous Cd by the Beastie Boys. Just like Pauls Boutique, Liscensed to Ill, and Check Your Head, this Cd has a flavor all its own. Its much more rockified and less groove friendly than check your head. Its got some good rhymes to and they are alot more laid back than Pauls Boutique or Liscensed to Ill. Anyone looking for a classic rap cd or more from the Beastie Boys wont be dissapointed. Check ya later Im out like Chewbacca
B00003CXSP|5.0|Hannibal is such a breath of fresh air in today's hollywood landscape. It is a film that is unapologetic and unflinching in its depiction of graphic violence. Most of today's so called &quot;horror&quot; films have been reduced to nothing more than cheap laughs and tight halter tops. Hannibal is the antithesis of the so-called &quot;modern&quot; horror film. Anthony Hopkins plays Hannibal Lechter to scary perfection. He is a refined, well educated, verbose, psychopath. Those who are suspect of the film because of the absence of Jodie Foster should read the title of the film, Hannibal. The great majority of Hannibal focuses on the title character and not Federal Agent Starling. Julianne Moore is servicable but is really a periphery character. Once again Ridley Scott has proven that he is one of the few remaining master directors in Hollywood and he continues to produce important and intriguing work. Overall, this is without a doubt a DVD that you should own not only for the film but for the extras including an alternate ending and deleted scenes. One word of caution: This film should NOT be viewed by children (especially the last 20 minutes). That said, enjoy and prepare to be shocked.
B0000028VT|5.0|a very calm cd. Mariah Carey doesn't try to go above a note that her vocal gift isn't capable of (which is pretty high because the woman can get a note pretty high). The cd contains some nice catchy dance tunes (Dreamlover, Now That I Know) as well as the ballads (Without You, Anytime You Need a Friend, Never Forget You). My favorite song on the album is not Hero...though I love and enjoy that one. My favorite song on the album is the title track..Music Box. A lift me up/thank you song.<br />This is a pop/vocal Mariah. I recommend this album to be added to pretty much any collection. I don't think one can go wrong with this one!!
B00000JCOV|4.0|This much hyped debut CD from these 9 Iowans has all the ingredients for a successful hard CD: anrgy lyrics kids can relate to and a heaviness kids can mosh to. And of course the masks will cause everyone to eat these guys up. The album does, however, fall apart with the last 3 or 4 tracks. -Dan
B000002MFN|5.0|This is a very good album that showcases Madonna's inner emotions and passions. Yes, there is sexual content, but SURPRISE! It's not very explicit. It's really mostly about relationships and friendships more than anything. The title song is about female sexual domination. \\"Fever\\" is a great dance tune. \\"Bye Bye Baby\\" is the break-up song and \\"Deeper and Deeper\\" goes into a really killer beat, very Vogue-like. The last part of the album is full of more songs with relationships and implicit sexuality; \\"Waiting\\" is about heartbreak and \\"In This Life\\" is about personal tragedy. This is one of Madonna's most personal albums. Her voice is not as treble as in the 80s albums, she was beginning to sing lower perhaps to sound experienced and \\"not that innocent.\\" But her experience shines through in this music; she obviously understands love and valor. And few albums can do it as well as EROTICA. Warning: Unless you like cheesy rap songs about having ... in a limo, you'll probably want to stick to the Clean Version (or Edited version). \\"Did You Do It\\" is the worst tune on the CD I think. But you probably will be pleasantly surprised by the other 13 songs.
B000056K04|1.0|I have been a heavy DMB fan ever since Remember Two Things. I must say, that musically, this is a relatively good cd, to a point, minus the fact that it leaves you wondering if Boyd and Leroi quit the band. But, hey, there's some songs that you've gotta enjoy. But, look at the lyrics. Guys, this is not an authentically written DMB album. Dave Matthews writes much more complex and interesting songs than these. I mean, just look at this lyric: &quot;Why do I beg like a child for your candy?&quot; from &quot;Angel&quot;...What's the first thing that lyric makes you think of? Mandy Moore am I right? A teeny-bopper-esque lyric.<BR>And then, after seeing most of the songs live (Especially seeing most of the album played live first night at Foxboro, the worst show I've EVER attended by ANY band), my opinion hasn't changed one bit. The songs have no appeal whatsoever, except for maybe &quot;So Right&quot; and &quot;What You Are&quot;.<BR>I say, if you're gonna wanna get this, burn it. That's the best thing you can do. I think that they should have released the Lillywhites, even though Dave wasn't happy with his lyrics. Musically, the songs are incredible.
0140131558|5.0|In City of Glass, Paul Auster establishes a dialogue between the genre of the mystery novel and the mystery of life. One's exploring the counter-physical architecture of that magnificent imaginative space. A touchstone for critique is lodged in the first encounter between Quinn, an author turned detective, and Stillman, the man who is perhaps the mad, ex-scholar he is pursuing. In a metalinguistic interchange, Stillman asserts that words have a life of their own, meanings and sounds which reading pleasure is greatly enhanced by keeping a journal (preferably a red spiral notebook) for reflection and elaboration of the book's multifaceted themes. The experience for me was like entering Escher's painting, House of Stairs, and &quot;...[fly] off in so many little directions at once.&quot; The character further explains that the common view of words &quot;...as stones, as great immovable objects with no life, as monads that never change&quot; breaks down upon immediate inspection. That is, stones wear down, erode, turn into dust, scatter into the wind, compile into sedimentary rock...etc. And thus does the plot perambulate from the upper West Side of Manhattan to the motivation of a character, to the relationship between the author and his character, to the relationship between the author and the reader, back again into works of literature, particularly Don Quixote, now summoning the grand biblical image and orthography of the Tower of Babel, finally wending its way into the precincts of bodily desire and the comforts of home and family...making its way back toward that inexplicable of inexplicables, love. So choose your meditation: Does the author become detective descend into madness or ascend into divine embrace? Is there a difference between the two? Why does the book constantly turn a mirror upon the reader? Have we solved any mysteries at all? Do we really know, for example, that the author has not made Quinn a pseudonym for himself? Are not their thoughts a littletoo intimately interwoven? Where does Auster stand in relation to the author? To Don Quixote or Miguel Cervantes? To Mookie Wilson? to yourself? Whatever strand of DNA you try to decode, you should come to appreciate that while discussion of the text is open, &quot;[e]verything becomes essence; the center of the book shifts with each event that propels it forward.&quot; And so will grow your feeling of awe and wonder at being alive. The City of Glass is really a crystal ball where you can gaze upon a Universe that looks back upon itself.
B00005IC2H|5.0|I read about Sigur Ros' cd's because other purchases created an 'others who bought ... also bought Sigur Ros'. With mild interest I read about this cd. I bought it on the strength of what people had written, and my own simple curiosity. On the first listen, I was a little surprized.... the depth and strength of the music showed imagination and talent beyong what i expected. The beginning of the cd has a bit of sound effects like a spaceship taking off, and from then on you are transported to another eerie realm of layers of sound and melody. Far from being a 'noise quartet', this group has melodic structure and etherial qualities that take you to places in your mind you didn't know existed, or only briefly imagined. This music is great for creating a soundscape for creative activity, or meditation. It makes me think Icelanders know something we sure as heck don't.
B00004ZB9D|1.0|This guy must be good, look at the big hair and the cool sunglasses. His videos are so funky, I like how he gets down, and pretends like it is a really cool soulful funky song, especially in Fly away. Those lyrics are genius and awe-inspiring, &quot;i wanna fly, in the sky, so very high.&quot; We have similar influences cause I wrote something like that in the fourth grade. But then again I'm not sexy, so I shouldn't be singing that.
0385501560|2.0|While &quot;Fight Club&quot; showed virtuoso prose and original ideas, and &quot;Survivor&quot; expanded his mileau of the dispossesed, &quot;Choke&quot; fails on every level. The main character is a rehash of Palahniuk's bizarro character sketches. Also, the story does not have the narrative drive contained in his other novels. Finally, and most disturbing, is the fact that the writing style is just plain bad, being juvenile and unoriginal. Chuck, what's up??
B00005B36H|5.0|Hopefully!!!<BR>I read that line somewhere in a magazine. Hopefully!!! the crashing empires the writer referred to are today's talentless mega -stars? still afloat on the record labels media dung.<BR>From the same writer:<BR>&quot;It takes some special talent to form noises that suffocate every nerve ending in your body, the only other band we know today that can do this is Deftones&quot; . Even though he meant it as a compliment, I'd reverse that frase:<BR>Tool and Deftones are the two bands known today that are capable of writing !MUSIC! that are NOT suffocating every nerve ending in my body for god sake!!!<BR>An album like this, should ring the bell mates. Music does exist, talent does exist. Then why are you giving us less than this oh Mister Radio DJ? Where is your pride? Are you really going to die one day thinking: &quot;I was a DJ and I played dung for a living?&quot;<BR>If you hum along with the brainless blink182 crowd or the Poopy Roach type of footballplayer rawk - this Tool album will definitely bring up the &quot;fatal error - blue windows screen&quot; for you. Get real. You need serious processing power to digest this. Pentium 4 at least.<BR>And Mr.DJ play us Tool instead of STOOL.
0784011176|5.0|Schindler's List may have won the best picture oscar, and rightfully so, but a lot of other years this masterpiece would have took home the award. Holly Hunter was phenominal in a very difficult portrayal of a mute woman whos only love is her piano. It has an original and fascinating premise. I loved everything about it. The DVD shows off how beautiful the cinemotography is.
B0000022WA|5.0|This movie is the bomb. It is yet another family film but still one of the best. Based on Twin sisters who meet at summer camp and switch places to get thier parents back togather. Also see the 1998 film of the Parent Trap if you like this one. I love both but I like this one a little better.
0671449028|5.0|I bought a lot of Sandra Boynton books for my daughter when she was one and she loved for me to read them over and over again to her. She loved how they had little rhymes and she liked the animals being used in the stories. She still to this day gets them out and looks at them and tries to read to herself. and she is almost four years old!
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot's second major label debut is one of the most anticipated modern &amp; extreme metal releases of the year &amp; an important step foward for the band who exploded onto the heavy music scene in 1999, following their rare &amp; independant mate, feed, kill, repeat album, with the brutal, complex &amp; aggressive assault of their self titled LP. Iowa treads similar ground to the debut, though it is undoubtably heavier, faster &amp; thrashier then the first album, while losing the minimal hip-hop influence present on the debut, &amp; still incorporating a strong sense of melody. the guitaring is an improvement from the debut &amp; the brilliant double bass onslaught &amp; blast beats from drummer Joey Jordison once again has helped established him as one of the world's best drumming talents. Corey's vocals are again a standout with the diversity &amp; aggression of his vocals shining through &amp; dripping with conviction, that some anti-slipknot fans have claimed he doesn't possess. Corey is also assisted with some impressive backing vocals from the two percussionists. Scratches &amp; samples add an eerie &amp; subtle atmosphere to the music though they are not incorporated on this album as much as they were on the debut. The production is again first class from Ross Robinson, with the help of the slipknot crew. In my opinion the best tracks are People=S**t, Disasterpiece, New Abortion, Heretic Anthem, I am Hated &amp; The shape. Left Behind displays good use of melody while the remakes of Gently &amp; the 15 minute long atmospheric album closer Iowa are also impressive. The only song that hasn't as yet grabbed my attention is Everything Ends. Overall an awesome follow-up to the debut LP, with slipknot's death metal influences more prominant then ever without allowing the band to be classed as purely Death metal. Check out lamb of God, Soilent Green, Acid Bath &amp; Australian metal bands Alchemist, Damaged &amp; Blood Duster.
0375805613|5.0|I bought this book for my daughter for the fact I owned it as a child and I really liked it then and I loved reading it to her and really emphasizing the words and emotions of Grover when he didn't want you to turn the page and she got a kick out of it and would think it was hilarious and turn the page really quick when he asked you not to.
0743506650|3.0|I was very excited to get this book and learn the techniques and wisdoms of the craft from such an experienced master. I laughed and cried at his personal life stories. Few books have made be do that. But a master-class on writing this book is not, as it is ill defined in the description on the back cover. His advise to the writer was limited to write every day, don't create an outline, and read, read, read. There were some editing examples included, but not enough to understand the editing techniques a writer of fiction must have to be successful. Described as part autobiography and part master-class on writing, the fact is, 90% is autobiography, 2% useful master-class, and 8% other.<BR>As in autobiography, I'd give it 10 stars!!! As a book on writing, sadly, only one star. There are much better and more detail manuscripts out there that serve this purpose much, much better. The marketing strategy is misleading and does little service to such a profound, prolific, and important writer of modern fiction. I still love King, and I loved reading about his life story -- the price of the book is well worth that! But if you are an aspiring writer, read it to understand the man, not to learn about writing.
067144901X|5.0|My daughter loves these books because they have these little cute rhymes and what we like to do is make little songs out of them and that makes it more fun for us to read!
068484267X|4.0|I thought this was going to be a good read after all it won the Pulitzer Prize and every other person on the underground has been reading it.  Don't get me wrong it was a good read, but what I didn't know was it would ruin my diet. I developed a strange craving for mashed potato and soft-boiled eggs, which are usually two of my least favourite foods. But did it make me want to revert to Catholicism? With all those Priests slamming doors - not a chance! I'll carry on practicing my Pagan beliefs and wish Frank McCourt well-healed shoes and all the boiled eggs and mashed potatoes he can eat.
0805047905|5.0|My little girl got this book when she was two years old and we read it together quite a few time together but she still has this book and she pretends to read it by herself because she learned her colors and knows how the words go and puts two and two together.
1862050074|4.0|Written in the early 1700s by Robert Louis Stevenson the old-fashioned style of writing adds to the realism of the adventure. Feel the heat scorching down on sweaty bodies and taste the gritty sand between clenched teeth as bullets whistle through the air of the disease ridden swampy island during the golden age of sailing ships and pirates.<BR>Although we're meant to be cheering for that pesky Jim Hawkins I couldn't help having a soft spot for scheming long John Silver and hope he finally gets to meet up with his missus and his fortune, however ill gotten.<BR>Read it and you'll see what I mean.
B00005K3NR|5.0|This great horror film still delivers- the extras in the DVD are alone worth the price of the purchase if your a DePalma fan. I do wish they had spent more time on the Broadway musical disaster- someone should really make a recording of this legenday score-buy the &quot;Carrie&quot; DVD- if youy have a taste for superior terror filmmaking- she is still the queen of the prom!
B000001EIA|5.0|This is the CD to have! My all time favorite. I have every album KISS ever produced, and am now in the middle of replacing every one with CD's. This is a &quot;have to have&quot; for any fan of music period. KISS shows off their true musical talents, every member past and present. Gene and Paul are in their PRIME! Both physically and in the appearance :) Eric and Bruce simply rock with Paul and Gene. Eric Singer is very crisp with his drumming. So is Bruce with his Solo's. But when Peter and Ace take the stage, the fans go NUTS! This is a HUGE moment in KISStory! I am a KISS fan of 27 yrs and KISS unplugged is the best CD to date!
B00005A46T|5.0|All I have to say is that Slipknot outdid themselves with this record. My God, the opening song is brutal enough to leave you with a week long headache. Other then that, every song on here should grab you right away and keep you listening. A few of the better songs on here in my opinion are &quot;The Heretic Anthem,&quot; &quot;Left Behind,&quot; and &quot;I Am Hated.&quot; The muscianship is also extremely good, especially for a metal record. The songs themselves seem pretty complex, more or less in the percussion section. When Slipknot said they were going to make a metal record, I knew they would, but not this heavy. So to all you metal heads out there, pick this CD up. Metal is back, and there is nothing those TRL posers can do about it. Let's make this album number one one the charts.
B00005A46T|5.0|To all of you out there that are sick of nu-metal and hate korn and limp bizkit, dont let that stop you from checking out IOWA. This is some seriously heavy stuff. Slipknot have effectively shed their nu-metal roots here, true they still use blast beats and some samples, but for the most part this is closer to slayer and obituary than korn or disturbed. Some of the riffs are truly evil, and the vocals are great. Take it from a fan of early metallica, slayer, opeth, obituary, and testament, check this album out, it's pretty damn good.
B0000542D2|4.0|'A Hard Day's Night' is marvellous for four reasons:<BR>1. It was made by Richard Lester, who, along with fellow American Joseph Losey, was the best director of British movies in the 1960s, and who gives the film a thrilling jump-cut, black and white immediacy.<BR>2. It is truly Surreal, not just in gags like the fab four running alongside a moving train, or in John Lennon's backstage chat with a woman that sees his identity obliterated; but in the way the Beatles as an entity transform banal reality - hotels, canteens etc. - into something magical and new by their presence.<BR>3. Because it celebrates being in a gang - with all their games, jokes, one-liners, private language, four mumbling individuals achieve a sublime group eloquence: when they are seperated, their identities are endangered and undermined. The scene in which a deserting Ringo meets a young boy, another exile from a gang, is the key to the film's heart. The Beatles are like four boys, on the run from their 'parents' who keep wanting them to behave and do their homework (e.g. staying in to reply to fanmail).<BR>4. For capturing a moment in history, when fusty old Imperial England (in the shape of the Bowler Hat man) gave way to the Swinging Sixties. Sacred cows, such as the Queen and the war, are routinely mocked, usually in John's bath. An ex-IRA man becomes a peer, a car-thief chauffeurs the police. But the superficialities and selfishness of the new Britain are also seen clearly. <BR>There's some music too.
B000005RSW|3.0|After two mediocre albums after a promisng debut, Manowar finally found its self identity with Sign of the Hammer. The album starts with the obligatory heavy metal is the be all and end all of life song, All men Play on Ten, a decent song that just never seems to really hit its stride. I think even a small increase in tempo would have made a world of difference here, taking it from being a good song to a great song. Nevertheless, it has classic manowar lyrics. Track 2 however really bites. In fact what bugs me most is the production here. When everyone screams \\"I'm an Animal\\" they're all over the place, no one is singing in any sort of union. The lyrics are a little cheesy even for Manowar. Thor is a great song, showing off Manowars ability to be majestic in their songwriting. Like most songs on this album this song is very un-heavy (if such a word can be created for this purpose). But somehow, it definately has that Manowar sound. This song also kept the evolution of Manowars lyrics pertaining to mythology rather than religion, and with the eighties being bogged down by 100's of Satanic bands, this was a breath of fresh air. Nowadays a lot of progressive speed metal bands sing of Norse mythology, sword and sorcery and so forth, but Manowar was the first to really bring it forth with glory, majesty and no remorse. These guys take their music seriously.<BR>Mountains is a weird song, while I will admit that it comes across as boring I've found that I can really relate to this song when in certain moods. The song is very suggestively contemplative. Sign of the Hammer and The Oath again are good Manowar songs, but like the rest of this album, they still lack something that wouldn't appear until the next album and fully blossom until Kings of Metal. Thunderpick is a bass solo that well, let's be honest ...! It might be impressive from a musicians point of view, but as a listener, well, it's just random noise. Guyana is by far my favorite track on this album. This song has that real manowar spirit to it. Brotherhood, oncoming battle and a smug arrogance that is possessed by those who know, not think but KNOW, they are superior.<BR>A good album, that would have been great with better production and a little bit more fire
B00000IONU|4.0|The Detroit-based White Stripes are awesome -- like a cross between the MC5 and Led Zeppelin; this CD clocks out at a tight 43 minutes, but seems a lot longer, thanks to a half-dozen brooding, lingering blues ballads. Jack White sounds a lot like Robert Plant, while Meg White pounds out primal drum beats that complement JW's crunchy guitarwork.<br />I think \\"Jimmy the Exploder\\" is one of the best tracks on the album, with \\"The Big Three Killed My Baby\\", \\"Cannon\\" (has a great Syd Barrett-era Pink Floyd-style guitar riff), \\"Broken Bricks\\", and \\"Screwdriver\\" all pulling their weight and making this album worth your time. This stuff is powerful, raw, and unforgettable. \\"Little People\\" and \\"Sucker Drips\\" are also very good tracks. The others on the album remind me a bit too much of Led Zeppelin (for example, \\"Sugar Never Tasted So Good\\" and \\"One More Cup of Coffee\\"), while \\"St. James Infirmary Blues\\" sounds positively Kinky. The guitar work of \\"Astro\\" sounds a bit like an homage to Man or Astro Man!? The middle tracks have interesting doses of slide guitar, blues guitar, fuzz, and distortion.<br />If you're sick of what's on the radio these days, give the White Stripes a listen, and I don't think you'll be disappointed. This is rawer than their later work, and, I think, better.
B00005KJ1G|3.0|I must admit that I have mixed feelings about this album. While it does have some great songs and I it definately foreshadows the incredible band they would later become, this album also has some horrible material on it. So let's hit the highlights first. If you've ever heard any Manowar song before (unless it was instrumental) you are familiar with Eric Adams, arguably the best Metal vocalist EVER. He has been with Manowar from day one and in large part he is the Manowar sound. His vocals were made for screaming warcrys, singing of battle and brotherhood. While his vocal skills aren't quite as refined on this debut album as say on Kings of Metal, they immediately grab your attention. The best songs would have to be Manowar, a song that fits so well as their self titled staple, holding true even today. Dark Avenger is great mythological fury the way only Manowar can do it, and Battle Hymn is a sign of albums yet to come. Strangely enough this albums title, Battlehymns would have worked better for any other Manowar album than this one. The songs focus a lot on modern day stuff, especially Vietnam vets. Which is really odd, considering this is Manowar. I guess my biggest complaint would be that most of the songs were written by some R. Friedman guy. I'll admit my ignorance in not knowing who this guy is, but he's not as good as when Manowar writes their own stuff. In my opinion, the first four songs reak! They aren't worth listening too, but listen to the second half and you'll get an idea of what other Manowar albums sound like.<BR>A decent start to the greatest Fantasy Metal band ever.
B000003TA4|5.0|I've listen to a huge amount of the grunge movment, and this is by far the crown Jewel. from the headlining &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; to the sad beats of &quot;Something In the Way&quot;, Kurt's chilling vocals and awesome guitar, Dave Energetic Drums, and the lively and skilled bass of Chris makes a very enjoyable album.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Moulon Rouge is an absolute work of art from the cinamatography, to the costumes, to the acting, to the music and singing, to the story line. It is one of the best, if not THE BEST, film I have ever seen. It's got depths within depths. It is a work of art about art that incorporates past art into a web of the fantastical the beautiful and the haunting. Even if you only watch it for the surface level love story it is excellent, but if you look deeper into the underlying themes of the Bohemian revolution and it's ideals of artistry, truth, and love then this film becomes a masterpiece.
B00004SCX6|5.0|....But I absolutely love this Cd! 'Oops!...I Did It Again' is Britney's sophomore effort. I have to say that it's pretty darn' good. Sure, most of the songs sound the same...but no artist likes to try and vary their sounds TOO much (unless you're from *N Sync) because then you have no \\"sound of your own\\" and the Cd just sounds all messed up. You may say things like, \\"Oh, Britney can't sing!\\" and, \\"This is just manufactured pop!\\". But so what? As long as you think the music is catchy and enjoy it, it shouldn't matter that she's no Whitney Houston or Mariah Carey. >Britney may have turned into a \\"sex symbol\\" and she may lip sync while performing live, but she's still a pretty good artist with awesome pop songs. If you love pop music then I totally recommend this Cd. Buy it today.
B00005A46T|5.0|An interesting phenomenon I've noticed - you can't listen to just one song...there's a certain cohesiveness to the entire CD that makes it incredibly addictive...<BR>I knew I'd love this CD the first time I downloaded a sample track (The Heretic Anthem) off Roadrunner's site. I heard Slipknot live this summer at Ozzfest. I saw them perform on Conan O'Brien.<BR>This sophomore effort is nothing short of phenomenal. Fans of the first album will be glad to hear the same aggressiveness that made the self-titled album such a success. IOWA shows a clear maturing of the Slipknot sound...lyrical melodies contradicted sharply by all out screaming followed by quick rap-recitative. Known for being extremely creative and funny during interviews, the same sense of humour shows through in the lyrics...yet IOWA presents a sensitive, vulnerable side of the band, dug up from past memories.<BR>I cannot recommend this album enough, and it will surely be a new landmark in its genre.
B000031XCR|5.0|Another great cd for any celinefan to have... has 7 new songs and 9 old ones from her past album's...
6305212112|5.0|This film is one of my top ten favorites of all time. Without getting long winded like some of the other way too long reviews, I can sum it up in a couple sentences: If you like a combination Drama, Comedy, Suspense &amp; even Thriller, you will like Fried Green Tomatoes. If you don't mind watching a movie that takes you on an emotional roller coaster ride than you will like Fried Green Tomatoes. I will watch this movie over an over again the rest of my life, most likely, you will too...
B000002GEV|5.0|This album is a perfect combination of a number of things: Brilliant songwriting, inspired performance, and an immaculate recording by Ken Scott. When I first heard this album back in the early eighties, it was preceeded with a reputation of being one of the best rock recordings ever. This statement has been reinforced over the years with specially mastered vinyl and CD reissues. Usually albums with such a high ranking disappoint me, but this one did not. Among Supertramp albums, this one and BREAKFAST IN AMERICA are the two to own. Progressive rock and pop of the seventies in one of its best and most overlooked incarnations. Instrumentation and musicianship surprises all over the place, along with a bit of that rock and roll carefree attitude. Buy it.
B00003CX5P|4.0|Ok, it's not perfect, but neither was the first one. Episode one is just more of what we already expect from Star Wars. It has a story that can only happen in the Star Wars universe. It has a strong female role and a lot of fast moving vehicles. What it is missing is the in depth story that was already established with the first Star Wars movie in 1977. In that movie, there had already been a war (the clone wars), Luke's parents were dead, his mother a mystery, his father a hero (at least at first), the Senate was disbanded and this seemingly all powerful empire controlled everything. We were thrown into the middle of it all. Now where do start all this? George has done a good job but it's obvious he had a better idea of Vader's prime and his demise then he did of his beginnings. With `Attack of the Clones' (oohh, that title) being released next summer I believe he will get into the thick of it now that we have an origin established. Episode One is a beginning, the beginning of a much larger story. In a nutshell, a corrupt trade federation is blockading an innocent planet in order for the council to debate the status. Queen Amadala is the newly elected leader of her planet. Young and beautiful, and slightly nave, she is being manipulated by Senator Palpatine in a ploy to get himself elected to a higher position by forcing her hand. This is where Episode 1 is most intriguing. The underlying deceit of this Senator, who we all know the fate of already, is nothing less than evil. We see what he is doing, and we hate him for it. It is actually a very complicated political scheme; Senator Palpatine blockades her planet secretly because he needs her vote to eject the current counselor so he can move in on his position. We see the workings of a brilliant manipulator starting and unfortunately we know how it ends up. Thankfully, Lucas doesn't try to hide it from us as if we are new comers. It's subtle enough to not grab our attention, but clear enough to make sure those ofus who know the truth are not having to search for it. The entrance of the Jedi Knights (McGregor and Neeson) is a monkey wrench in the works of this deceit and suggests someone in the council is at least partially aware of the plans of the Senator. Moving on from the political aspect, there are plenty of marketable creatures to make action figures from and despite Jar Jar's annoying personality, the rest of the movie is still very well done. The affects are awesome, nothing less can be expected from the creator of ILM, and the action scenes are spectacular. The lightsaber dual at the end is hands down the most awesome melee ever put on film. One gripe is the fact that Anakins actions at the end of the movie saved everyone, and he did it by accident...maybe George believes we will chalk it up to subconscious use of the force. The actors are all good. The boy is a bit of an amateur but he holds his own. You couldn't have found a better likeness for Obi Wan then Ewan McGregor. Liam Neeson is so charismatic and powerful that you have no choice but to believe in him. Natalie Portman is a heartbreaker and she plays her role of Royalty with every bit of forcefulness as Carrie Fisher did for Leia. You can really believe that this girl is her mother. The pod sequence is another foray in Lucas' obsession with speed and it will most likely be outdone in the next movie. Overall, you have to cut Lucas some slack, he hadn't directed since the first Star Wars movie. The story line is thin but it is the beginning of a much larger story. When all is done, it will be considered a part of whole and then I think it will be seen in a better light.
B000002H97|5.0|First off, let me say this to all you &quot;Sell Out!&quot; people- I H-A-T-E MTV, yet I love this album. I could care less if Carson Daley or whatever abnoxious twit VJ they have on now played the videos from &quot;Metallica&quot; 24/7 for the rest of my life. I would still love this album.<BR>Yes, the songs are shorter. Yes, the lyrics may be a little more mainstream than Master of Puppets or ...And Justice For All. So what? Do bands HAVE to be off the mainstream to be good? Of course not. James, Jason, and Kirk are still three of the best guitarists in history, and the same goes for drummer Lars Ulrich.<BR>The Black Album is a good album. I love nothing more than to sit around the house and crank up the volume on this heavy metal classic.<BR>This thing didn't sell millions of copies for nothing, you know.
1559408898|4.0|I bought the Criterion Collection version of Robocop because I loved the movie and thought the expanded scenes might add something to the movie. I was wrong. I would give the movie itself five stars but the four stars goes to this Criterion Collection DVD. The sound and picture quality are very good but the supposedly added footage is all violence, and only a few frames of it at that. Not that I was looking for extended scenes of blood and gore but Paul Verhoven did such a great job of bringing out the human aspect of Robocop, that I thought there would be more scenes relating to his family or his relationship with his partner. Alas, I was disappointed. And the extra features are almost non-existent as well. I have the Criterion collection of Armageddon and it has two disks and over three hours of extra stuff. If you like this movie, you're better off just getting the standard version, the CC is not worth the extra money.    Update: Feb 2008  This review refers to the 20th Anniversary collection;    I'd Buy that for a dollar...    That phrase is still used in some circles today.  Fans of Sci-Fi and comics would probably recognize it as the phrase in the fictional TV show within the movie.  What many people don't understand about Robocop is not only is it an emotional story about a man stripped of his humanity, but a story about the direction of American social culture as well.    Released in 1987, Robocop is an ultra violent sci-fi story of Police Officer Murphy, who is converted into a Supercop after being killed in the line of duty.  Although he performs as he should at first, his nightmarish memories of his death at the hands of his killers come to the surface and he ventures out on his own to find out the answers to who he is and why he's having these memories.  After tracking his leads he falls into a trap by the corporate CEO of the company who owns him and is nearly killed.      While this plot line unfolds we are treated to pieces of a world, which is supposed to be the near future, that is highly glutinous, greedy and full of crime.  Of course it takes place in Detroit, which at the time was the most violent city in America.  But now, you can look at it and see that the vision of the future was skewed, but not by much.  Silly sit-coms with mindless one liners are not our favorite form of Television entertainment...but are reality shows much better?  Big cars that get 8.3 miles to the gallon are making a comeback in this movie.  Even though we have them, they're not as big, as inefficient or as common.  It's also interesting to see the biggest TV is probably a 27 inch tube.  Everything is going flat screen now.  There are Television News flashes that show possible nuclear war breakout in Central/South America and Africa...not even a thought of that these days but back in the height of the cold war it could conceivably be only a few years away.    My point is that this movie is smart and socially conscious...in a hit-you-over-the-head manner.  You watch the world of Robocop and wonder `my god, is that where we're heading?'.  Even though it seems we can assume we'll never be that disconnected it can definitely make you think, and be more aware of what the world is coming to.    But putting the social statement of this movie aside to finish this review, it must be said that Robocop is an enjoyable movie, even today.  There was no attempt to display the technology to great excess, so in turn many of the scenes still hold up as a possible future.  Today a movie like this would be overrun with CG enhancements, many of which you wouldn't see.  Most of the special effects hold up very well, the ED-209 robot being the only exception.  The stop motion animation is probably some of the best ever put on film...but it still looks like a kids home made movie compared to the CGI affects of today.  They could invest some money and overlap a superior CG version over the old one but that would be an insult to the people who worked so hard on the Robot.  I'm sure those people look at it now and cringe.  However the matte paintings used are excellent.  Watching the special features on this 20th anniversary edition, you can really see how much effort is put in NOT in front of a computer.  The picture update is very good and both versions of the film (the theater release and the unrated version with about 2 minutes of extra violence).    Peter Weller deserves a lot of praise for learning how to move like a robot.  He studied mime and made the movements very impressive.  The film makers believed you needed a good actor behind the mask for the initial involvement so you can care about this guy first.  As we find out he left a wife and son behind, we get even more involved.  All the other actors are top notch as well, especially Ronny Cox as the control freak CEO, Nancy Allen as his sympathetic but tough partner, and Kurtwood Smith, best known for his role as `Red' on That 70s Show (imagine Red with an ultra violent streak).  Although Director Paul Verhoven has done other movies, this one is most likely his best overall.  After this he moved on to Total Recall, Basic Instinct and then Starship Troopers, which also tried to make social statements similar to this.  But the balance of all elements belongs to the Robocop, giving us a good human story with action, brains and humor.
B000002HRE|3.0|It just doesn't sound like the Metallica I know. Some of the songs are too experimental, in fact, Unforgiven II is just ...[junk] I'm not one of those rabid fans who screams \\"sell out!\\" at anything new, but I honestly did not like several of the songs on Reload.<BR>I did like about 1/2 the songs on this album (Devil's Dance, Fuel, The Memory Remains, for example) so maybe I could justify spending the ultra-cheap ... bucks on this album.<BR>If, however, you are looking for a true example of what Metallica really is, buy Master of Puppets or Metallica <The Black Album>
0790729628|2.0|What happens when you take a dark and moody movie set in a futuristic Los Angeles, take out the voice over and add a few minutes of footage...? You get a cure for insomnia. I'm sorry, I think Harrison Ford is a very good actor and I love his role in this film. I realize he did not want to do the voice over in the original cut but this movie screams for it. Ridley Scott in my opinion is a hit and miss director. He seems to think he knows more about what we like to see as entertainment then we do. There is good news and bad news about this Directors Cut. The good news first. Artistically, this movie is incredible, absolutely stunning. The production design was worth every bit of praise. Never has there been to this day a better looking futuristic city in the movies. Visually it's timeless and beautiful. The characters and scenes are well shot and inspiring. The story is a good one, too. A small group of escaped manufactured humans looking for freedom. Ford is very good in his character as the Blade Runner who is sent to destroy them. This all sets the stage for a very intriguing morality play. They may be manufactured, but they are still human, shouldn't they have the right to live? This is basically what the movie talks about. Now the bad news. Scott's pacing is so slow and cumbersome (come on Ridley how long do we have to look at every scene?) that boredom sets in. I'm not asking for fast paced action or explosions, I realize this is Science Fiction and there is a story unfolding here, but there are scenes that don't even do anything to keep your attention. In addition, the original novels were inspired as pieces of futuristic Sci Fi detective film noir. The voiceover helped establish that, it also helped keep the movie going at the slower scenes. I am the first one to say that movie executives don't have a clue as to what movies are supposed to be like but in this one instance they were right. The movie needed a boost. Ford may not have liked doing it but even though he purposely did it poorly, it still fits the movie. His deadpanned tone and lack of inflections are a throwback to the detective stories like Philip Marlow and Mike Hammer. I was extremely disappointed in the directors cut, only because of the lack of voice over. I think it added more to the morality and substance, it brought to the front of the mind the questions the movie was trying to make you think about. I did like the alternate ending and the dream sequence, very interesting if not ambiguous. But it could have stood with the original. I still give this movie two stars because it's still a visually exciting movie to this day, but you can only look at a movie for so long before it pushes the boundaries of your attention.
0446605409|5.0|This book came before the above mentioned title, but I read it second. I believe this book, which stars Detective John Corey, more than Lion's Game (which I gave 4 stars) becuase it's more to the point. They do not spend as much time traveling around doing not much of anything.<BR>As is usual for DeMille books, the plot is interesting, original, and draws you into the book. You want to sit up all night reading, and before you know it, it's three in the morning.
0780625129|5.0|This study of racism, prejudice and hate - what it does to people and what it takes to change a person's heart - should be required viewing for everybody. The final line of the movie &quot;What have I done??&quot; is the total anguish of recognizing what such behaviors cost us as humans. Please watch it and learn from it - it's truly a great work.
B00004WGY9|3.0|Musically I would give this CD 5 stars. However, I am unhappy that the extra tracks included on this 'enhanced' CD are only accessible via a PC. It is annoying that there is all this extra music (single A &amp; B sides etc) which I can't hear unless I'm sitting in front of a PC. (Maybe I'm old-fashioned but I don't enjoy listening to music while sitting in front of a computer screen with a mouse in my hand). The music which IS accessible on a CD player is only 38 minutes long so I can't see why the extra tracks weren't added in the conventional way.
B00005A46T|5.0|Iowa is much much darker, bleaker, and more brutal then the first major release by slipknot. and for folks like me thats a very very good thing. this cd also shows off more of the band's hidden talent. it breaks away from the genre with songs like &quot;gently&quot; . these are dark layered masterworks... this cd is better then i hoped by leaps and bounds. i recommend it to any fan of the first cd, and also any fan of heavy music, and if you like this cd, check out the upcomming cd from &quot;Chimaira&quot; its also really good, cool guys too, they deserve our support peace
B00005221L|5.0|Okay, Predator is a great flick for guys of all ages. You've got action and adventure and science fiction and violence and guns and soldiers and military gizmo. Plus, you have a little bit of espionage and alien bad guy and, heck, even an easy-on-the-eyes heroine (ok, it's a minor role, but that's fine by me!). The plot is pretty easy to follow - a bunch of soldiers are sent on a rescue mission in the jungle, but they end up being hunted by some unknown and pretty powerful force. Hey, it's an alien vs. human movie! That's all the plot you need! And it's great fun, especially for Arnold fans. I would like to mention, though, that I bought the DTS version of this DVD. You CANNOT go wrong with this version! The sound is totally outrageously good, so superior to the Dolby Digital surround 5.1 track (also included on the DVD) it's laughable. This is not to say the DD5.1 track is bad, but rather that the DTS track is really THAT good! And given the number of gunfire sequences and explosions in this movie, your speakers will get a lovely workout. So if you want to buy this movie, by all means, get the DTS version and you will not be disappointed!
0452282152|3.0|This book is interesting from an historical point of view -- for anyone who loves history, art or Hans Brinker stories, but it doesn't quite sustain the reader's interest. The story tends to drag a bit.
014100018X|4.0|I found this to be an enjoyable read. It consideres the age old war between religion and humanity and what happens when the two clash. The man of religion, Father Reynaud , takes himself a little too seriously and fails to realize that life can't and shouldn't be made miserable by your beliefs. You have to celebrate them and who you are, or you are condemned to be miserable and alone. Viviane and her daughter Anouk may seem to represent temptation, but to me they represent life,-in particular life lived to the fullest. Father Reynaud tries to stamp out their influence on &quot;his&quot; town and extingish the fire they kindle in the hearts of many instead of embracing them like a true man of God should, with disasterous results-for him. The main lesson I got from this book is, no matter what your beliefs are you deserve to be happy in this life and to be able to live that life the way you want...and no one should be able to take that away from you. Beliefs and happiness should live in harmony together, not tear each other apart.
6305776326|1.0|This movie has to rank as one of the worst I have ever seen. Giving it 1 star is being gracious (they don't have a selection for 0 stars). This movie might have had a chance if the supposedly high school students didn't look like they were 50 years old....
B00005A46T|1.0|I think this &quot;band&quot; ought to play the &quot;Stinkfest&quot; rather than the Ozzfest. We've all heard this before, and yet we are being led to believe that it is something &quot;groundbreaking&quot; and &quot;compelling.&quot; Come on. The guitar riffs are not Slayer-inspired, they're Slayer rip-offs; there is a difference. The bass and drums rattle on all on their own, rather than providing a driving backbeat. And the lyrics, well, it's all contrived just to shock as many people as possible. If you're offended by this band, just ignore them. This band proves the utter banality of &quot;evil&quot;.
B00005A46T|4.0|Trying to match the excellence of their first cd was an extremely hard task to do, but Slipknot almost managed to do it. I still like the first one a little better but that album is a classic and I've only listned to this album about 5 times. This album is much more heavier than the first one, some of the riffs and the vocals are on the death metal side , I don't recall any rapping, and there is a bit less singing. If you like Limp Bizkit , Staind, Linkin Park or any other kind of MTV rock I suggest you don't buy this album, but if you are into extreme hardcore metal definitely buy it!
0782006809|2.0|Yes, in her autobiography, Doris Day complained that co-star Cary Grant just wasn't into his role here. I call this incarnation &quot;Wink Cary&quot; because towards the end of his movie career, Cary always seemed to be screwing up his eyes as though staring into the sun; I interpret this as his growing dissatisfaction with the movie roles offered him. &quot;Wink Cary&quot; never has proper interaction with his co-stars and is apparently waiting to be told to go home, as if he were on jury duty. In &quot;That Touch of Mink&quot;, Cary plays a wealthy man whose limo splashes the dress of Doris Day. One thing leads to another, and he tries to launch an affair with her, only to be foiled repeatedly by various things, including her breaking out into a rash at the thought of fornication, even with Cary. Adequate supporting work by indignant Audrey Meadows and misidentified Gig Young, who keeps getting slapped by Meadows who thinks he's the guy trying to breach Doris' honor. There's better Doris and better Cary movies out there; see them first.
0316776963|4.0|David Sedaris's style is wonderful. It is surpassed only by his imagination for topics to write about. The chapter on learning French had me on the floor laughing. Nearly 30 years, ago when we emigrated to Israel, we attended daily classes in Hebrew and his stringing together of sentences reminded me so much of myself at that time. Highly recommended for anyone who likes quirky humour and a great writing style.
B00005A46T|3.0|I love Slipknot's debut self-titled album. I think it's the most fearsome, hardcore, passionate album ever released. So I naturally picked up \\"Iowa\\". Unfortunately, \\"Iowa\\" no longer features the \\"rap metal\\" that composed much of their debut album. Gone is Corey Taylor's frenzied singing and manic music. Instead of the rapid rhymes, gut wrenching screams, and sadistic laughter synonymous with Slipknot there is generic heavy metal. All of the songs on \\"Iowa\\" sound the same. Corey opens the song with a dispassionate scream and doles out lyrics that all sound the same. It's like they've stepped away from the ground breaking sound of their debut album and adopted straight... heavy metal. I was drawn to Slipknot by their anger, power... and attitude. It's like they didn't even try on this album... As much as I love Slipknot, I don't recommend this album. There's nothing on \\"Iowa\\" that even approaches the greatness of \\"Surfacing,\\" \\"Wait and Bleed,\\" or \\"Spit it Out.\\" Save your money.
B00005JKHP|3.0|I got to read a small blurb about this release last year, and I've got a good vibe about this release. Back in the day when this movie was released, movie theatres would bid on carrying the film, and this movie in particular had a high price on it. However, this also meant that the release date was locked in. This movie went over budget in time as well as money, and the print that we all ended up seeing in the theatres was literally the first cut of the film. There just wasn't any time to do any additional editing. In many cases, the first take of a given scene was used just to get something together. The director had been asking for years to go back and recut the film, and last year, Paramount agreed. They even threw in some extra cash for some new special effect sequences, which I've seen still from for the remake of the planet Vulcan. I doubt they can help the whole story, but I'm looking forward to seeing a new vision of the story. Most of the information in this review was taken from the interview with the director in the December issue of TOTAL MOVIE, a magazine alas no longer in production.
B000002MP2|5.0|Punk rock makes the radio! this may be a desert island disc for me! great punk, rock and roll party album you can spazz to.<br />Don't say sell-out - Green Day never changed their music! Suddenly, the wold was ready for them - and good for them!<br />Kitty
B00003CXZ4|5.0|I saw this movie originally knowing nothing except that it was filmed in backwards chronological order. Seeing how the movie ends first, I suspected that there would be little suspense or climax as the movie reached its end....well, beginning. I couldn't have been more wrong. With each step back into the past this movie gets better and more intense, and the final scene left me absolutely speechless. This is not only one of my favorite movies, but undoubtedly the most well-written films I have ever seen. Do yourself a favor and watch this one....you won't be disappointed!
006016848X|5.0|I guess I must be one of the luckiest guys alive. My wife and I have an excellent relationship and the advice in this book was wasted on us. Not that we couldn't see the value for other people. First of all, let me explain that my wife is French and I'm British so, despite the fact that we both speak the other's language, we do suffer occasional misunderstandings due to nuances in the spoken word. Over the years we've been together, that has made us LISTEN more carefully to our partner. And this is one of the keys in Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus.<BR>The book was given to my wife by a friend, who is still a single person, despite much partner-searching on her behalf. This same friend thought that it could help US! We couldn't resist a little chuckle as we read how women shouldn't seek to change their men (our friend dictates terms as soon as she's within hand-holding distance of her prey). We smiled over the section that explains how men should listen more closely to their partners to try to really understand what they are saying (my wife is given to speaking her mind rather more directly than is sometimes comfortable!).<BR>As I say, we gleaned nothing from this book that we did not already put into practice, but that does not mean that it lacks value. Quite the opposite. If you feel that your relationship is in the slightest bit shaky or stale, sink into Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus. It will maybe help you understand how to improve things. Just one word of warning (which I feel should be printed in bold letters on ALL books of this type), take the contents with a pinch of salt. Modify them to suit your own needs. If you literally apply what you read, you risk making a poor situation even worse. No book can apply global solutions to individual problems.<BR>An excellent book.
B00003CXRM|5.0|In my opinion this movie was adventurous and original. But I found that if you don't like the song &quot;Man Of Constant Sorrow&quot; you won't like this movie. My family and I watched it and I was the only one to see the last 1/2 hour of it. Of course I'm the only one in my family that loves George Clooney so that might have helped. The sountrack is GREAT if you love 30's music which I do. If you love cows there's a chance you'll puke in a certain part of this movie. You'll either love this movie or it will be absolutely gross and you'll miss the last 1/2 hour of it but there is no movie quite like it.
0790742780|4.0|Well, he is not quite a 20-something unemployed script-kiddie, heh. Many reviewers describe Douglas as 'violent', but what is surprising is his calmness and matter-of-fact reaction to the situations confronting him. It is a unique and uncanny attitude and a performance without any equal that I have ever seen before in film.<BR>Some of the key scenes are very funny in a surreal way. Such as the scene of the switchblade knife 'how do they do that?', and the golf course scene (my favorite), and the highway repair scene, which has got to be one of the funniest in the film.<BR>The film also deals with the despair of marriage and divorce, both Douglas and Duvall are dealing with very realistic and dysfunctional marriages that are portrayed in a believable way. We can see both Douglas' role in his marriage breakup as well as the wife's role.<BR>Douglas' character is so pitiful in just wanting to 'go home' and be at his daughter's birthday party, but it is a world that is closed to him, somewhat unfairly, just as the world of work is now closed to him. Both characters as males actually come off somewhat sympathetically, though they have their faults, in contrast to so much over-the-top PC feminism in movies these days.<BR>So many people are actually going through both of these situations now in real life, it is amazing there arent more incidents of this sort happening.<BR>The film reminds me of 'Network' in a way, being a social critique outlining the reasons for being 'mad as hell and not going to take it anymore'.
B00005K3O4|5.0|This dvd is great for fans of the movie. Its got tons of features and is an overall great deal. The one thing that made me wonder was that mine didnt come with an insert on the inside of the dvd case but aside from that its worth every penny.
0780622553|4.0|Unlike the Matrix, this film is not intended to be a blockbuster. It is instead, film noir, scifi, and even thriller all packaged into a unique style of film. This film is very much plot and character driven, as opposed to action or CGI, making it quite different to the Matrix.<br />Proyas' cleverness as a director is evident in his insight not to create Dark City using WOW-like special effects. This deliberate attempt to down-play the special effects (some people may find this distracting or downright terrible) serves to enhance the plot, and so draw the audience to the main attraction that is the story. This is not another Matrix, even though it uses similar plot devices.<br />Many people seem to find the plot to the scifi thriller confusing and benign; there are strong biblical elements in the story. For example, Murdoch is very much an unwilling Messiah, while Shell Beach is very much representative of Heaven - no-one can remember how to get there, yet apparently is is ultimately everyone's destination. Even the spirals that Koscinsky scrawls everywhere are symbolic of Hell. Consequently, there is very much a theme of salvation about the movie. Murdoch, as the Messiah, sacrifices his own life when he gives himself over to the Strangers - and when he rises again overthrows the most powerful of them. This is followed up with a resolution that offers a new life to everybody in the floating city.<br />The biblical parallel cannot and should not be taken too far. While there are allusions there, Proyas has intended to make a darkly entertaining, and thought provoking film. It is a film that will stand up against close scrutiny, and so can be watched more than once, with new insights discovered each time.<br />The Strangers are very communisitic in nature, borrowed undoubtedly from Fritz Lang's classic, Metropolis. The plot development revolves very much around Murdoch going on a quest of self discovery, at the same time unearthing may layers of truths about the worldaround him - very much a film noir device.<br />There is a certain 'blandness' to all the sets. While not as drab a set as Proyas' The Crow, this 'blandness' is insightful by Proyas, as the city itself (as evidenced in the film) is constructed from the memories of those taken from Earth. Memories are notorious for lacking intimate detail, and so the askew detail within the set seems most astute of human nature by Proyas. Alternately, maybe this could simply be argued away with budget constraints!<br />The movie is almost too clever. People seem to expect it to be a roller-coaster ride similar to The Matrix. However, Proyas never intended Dark City to be an action blockbuster. Instead he follows the classic formula of the distopian writers, creating a flawed world, that is ultimately destroyed. Because of this, the film serves as an homage to many sources - scifi classics, film noir classics, and so on. Yet the twists and plot developments are unique in their own right; here it is most important to note that, in fact, Dark City was produced before The Matrix.<br />Dark City is faster paced than the other famous scifi film noir film Bladerunner, thus making it more watchable. Because of this, Dark City can be enjoyed simply as a piece of entertainment, while at the same time connoisseurs can enjoy a more cerebral challenge. Not all scifi fans will enjoy this movie! But those who don't mind having their brain cells stimulated are likely to enjoy this.
0380796090|4.0|I've had this book sitting, waiting patiently to be read on my book shelf for quite some time. Wow, am I I glad I finally picked it up!! I read this book in 3 days and put off friends and several hours of sleep to get through it. The main character, Claire is so three dimensional I was able to relate to many of her sentiments, struggles, and triumphs. Her thoughts were depicted to perfection, to the point where I wondered if the author, Marian Keyes, had been through similar instances in her life and written a diary to go back to her thoughts later on while writing Watermelon. I loved Claire's 'analyze everything to death' character and all of the messes she got into (&amp; out of). This is really a novel about relationships, heartbreak, &amp; survival. Most women will relate to &amp; love this fun book!
B0000028RR|5.0|This CD started a musical revolution. After this CD came out, many other &quot;metal&quot; bands started adding rap to their music. Rage Against The Machine is the one who started the whole &quot;rap-rock&quot; craze. This is also Rage's best CD. I used to be a fan of &quot;rap-rock,&quot; but now I can no longer stand listening to it. But I still like Rage. That's how good Rage is. The best songs on this CD are Bombtrack, Killing In The Name, Know Your Enemy, and Wake Up. Even though there are many wannabe's in this now overcrowded genre, Rage still stands tall above them all. I recommend this and all their CDs. It's a shame Zach left though.
0553573403|5.0|Still wondering if to buy and read this or not?<br />Luckily I did the first and mainly because others were so nice to share the knowledge that this book is worth my time here at Amazon.<br />Very realistic characters,political intrique,richly detailed background,the fact that winter is coming and the threat of what winter will bring along with it into the seven kingdoms.<br />Friendship and loyalty lures Eddard to King's Landing to serve the king or better said... to rule the Seven kingdoms in the name of the king.<br />But this is just one of the storylines developing in the Game of Thrones and it becomes even more interesting with numerous plots and sub-plots so that you will get a real sense of involvement in the lives of the characters only strengthened by the possibility of losing your favorite character...<br />If for some odd reason you don't like Eddard don't worry you just choose some other character because there's plenty of them.<br />Martin does a good job of evading the usual problems so that all<br />characters now remain equally interesting and not making the story too long for no particular reason.Of course you will probably like some characters more than others but not in a way so that you're willing to skip chapters.{Each chapter tells the story from a point of view of one specific character}<br />It has to be said that Martin's writing skills combined with the unpredictable story itself makes it difficult to put the book down.<br />Ofcourse all these things have been said before but they are true so don't hesitate longer but read and read and read because it is a {unfinished}serie of books.
B000002UDD|1.0|So what about this album. It is not MEGADETH in its best moments, it has almost none memorable track. Forget it. Stick to PEACE SELSS and everything up until CRYPTIC WRITINGS. (THROW &quot;RISK&quot; AWAY from your collection !!)
B00004Y9PP|3.0|Solid is the best way to describe this movie. Is is above run-of-the-mill scifi/horror movies like Screamers, Mission to Mars, or Red Planet.<br />Vin Diesel, playing Riddick, is the main attraction of the movie, both character and plot wise, as surprisingly, his development at the end of the film brings about an entirely new and improved perspective of him. This 'redemption' turns a slightly above average film into a somewhat better than average film.<br />There are holes in the plot, but these are easily overlooked and the film enjoyed purely for its atmospherical treatment. The tone of the film is something carefully developed, which, combined with solid acting (Diesel the only real standout performance) makes its watchable and enjoyable.<br />The special effects are rather eye-catching, without distracting the viewer from the story of the film itself. The creature effects are superb, adding the right amount of nastiness to these creatures. Along with Diesel, the creatures themselves are a delight to watch, although artistically they are heard more than they are seen. This only adds to the tension.<br />The tension is adequately maintained, the pacing fine throughout the film. This is all visual, with only the slightest character intepretation required right at the end. On the whole this is a harmless, entertaining, tense and dark film. While the stars indicates 6/10, I think 6.5/10 would be more appropriate.
B000000FG8|5.0|The best punk rock album ever!! Without a doubt the young ones from east bay, Jesse, Lint, Matt and Mello take the best punk album ever award, where else do you get such great guitar work backed my the ever immortalized voice of jesse michaels, if you play any operation ivy to any punk and with the first note they can automatically tell you who it is, i don't think that you can actually say you listen to punk without listening to this album daily. Operation Ivy may have broken up, but they will never die with an album like this to make everyone remember.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park has got to be one of the best new bands to come out recently. They have taken the whole rap-metal genre and redefined it. This cd is must buy but for fans of this genre. Their music crawls around you and will suck you into their world. &quot;Papercut&quot; is a great song about paranoia and guilt, and &quot;In the end&quot; is about past misktakes. See, this is what makes Linkin Park different, all their songs have a meaning to them, unlike Limp Bizkit or Kid Rock. I don't know why people don't care for &quot;Runaway&quot; I thought it was a great song and could relate to it, I bet you could too. Anyway, this cd is a must for anyone who appreciates the fine art of rap-metal.
B000001Y9I|4.0|This CD shows the caliber of Steve Morse's geniality. WHich guitar virtuoso could merge so well in a traditional band as Purple and lasts so long? Vai? Satriani? Malmsteen? No way. MOrse showed all his virtuosity and also all him humbleness, and merged himself smootly with Deep Purple, helping to record their best album in years, for sure.
B00005NKKZ|5.0|This is truly the kind of album you just don't hear anymore. A complete artistic statement from start to finish with every track sparkling in it's creativity. The new re-master's sound gorgeous and if you consider you'rself a real music lover then don't hesitate to buy this album along with S&amp;G'S previous effort, &quot;Bookends&quot;. Both of these are 2 of the greatest album's of all time!!
0446677450|4.0|This book really struck a chord with me. It totally changed the way I think about money and work. Most of the concepts were new to me at the time and I read it in one sitting. Since reading it, I have learned that many of the financial details are wrong. Accountants and bankers hate the book. So what if there are better accounting books on the market? None of that changes the impact that the book had on my life. I think of it as a catalyst to futher reading and education that I may never have done. I am so very glad I read it, but with inaccurate details I give it four stars.
B00005M989|1.0|The best? So this is what YOU, the masses, consider his best songs? The best is such a confusing label, like saying something is &quot;natural&quot;. Everyone has different ideas on what that would be. What Warner Bros. seems to think Prince's best are is the well-known/commercially viable hits. I'd be more interested in what just about anyone else's favorites might be. Prince allowed Spike Lee to put together his favorite Prince songs for the soundtrack cd for his movie &quot;Girl 6&quot;, and the selection is a little more interesting and something you can relate to, almost like a tape-compilation a friend might make for you, but it's no more of a gage of what his best is than any other collection. Prince has recorded so much music, with so many styles, moods and different audiences in mind that I don't think anyone could tell you what his best is. Even in the Spike Lee movie &quot;Girl 6&quot; which was scored entirely using Prince's old songs, his songs were typically typecast in a story about a phone sex operator, although it was a good movie that reminded me of one of my favorite early '80s movies, &quot;Electric Dreams&quot;. But I'm not sure who benefited from the collaboration more, Prince for getting his songs on the silver screen or Spike Lee, for having obscure, classic songs in his little movie. Don't even get me started about Prince and the movies, which, despite &quot;Purple Rain&quot; and other great moments, seems like a missed opportunity. I've always thought a smart pillager could use Prince's music for all kinds of things, even epic science fiction, particularly alot of music he released with his symbolized name. And I can't believe, when the timing was so perfect and there wasn't alot going on with popular music (kind of like now), a giant, epic animated feature wasn't made using his songs which would give animators alot more to toy with than whatever they had in &quot;Fantasia 2000&quot;. There's a song that's been on his website for about 3 years, which is his own version of Shania Twain's &quot;You're Still The One&quot; recorded with a great singer Marva King which is so good I'm surprised it hasn't turned up in some new romantic movie. It would be my first choice anyway. Prince has alot of songs like that, but you'd never know it from &quot;The Very Best&quot; which reminds me more of the donated cds you find at the public library or what you hear at Fourth of July celebrations before the fireworks (snooze). Maybe &quot;Nutcracker Sweet&quot; being heard a millionth time is your style, but there's alot of gems this man has created that are just as good as what is on this.
B000001EIA|1.0|THis is only for the die-hard KISS fan and the one who wants keep putting money into Gene Simmons' pockets ! I think their next step will be release a \\"KISS WITH ORCHESTRA\\" album... Sell outs ! I prefer to listnej my old collection featuring DRESED TO KILL, HOTTER THAN HELL, DESTROYER, LOVE GUN, etc, etc, than to listen to this acoustic [stuff] for MTV ! I'm not trapped in the past, no. It's just plain clear tha this CD adds nothing to KISS discography!
B00005NKKY|5.0|Bookends was released in 1968, a very fertile year in pop music, which also saw the release of The Beatles White Album and Hendrix' &quot;Electric Ladyland&quot;. This is definatly S&amp;G's pinnacle though with stellar song-writing, singing and production. This is one of those album's that still sound's incredible on head-phones!!If there is one S&amp;G album you must own,it's this one!!
B000056K04|1.0|Nothing could be more indicative of a civilization's decline than the popularity of this guy. All I can say is...this guy's music is totally mundane...mawkish, maudlin, and mediocre. I don't care about the virtuosity of his backing band, the total product is vacuous. Matthews is a total bore...his vocal stylings are hideous chirpings, and i can't stand the corny, superfluous usage of the splash cymbals by his drummer. In summation...all i can say is that this music is even more vomitous than Sting...or Counting Crows or any of that other lameosity out there that pretends to be music.
B000051VWW|5.0|Lovers Rock has definitely been worth the wait. The entire<BR>album is fantastic. Saw her in concert on monday, absolutely<BR>superb.
B000002JSV|5.0|With Bon Scott as lead singer, AC/DC really left its mark forever in rock scenario. With Brian Johnson, only BACK IN BLACK entered history forever. But, with Bon Scot, every tune they recorded seems so damned fine, so hillarious, so rocking, so great!! This POWERAGE is no exception, all the nine tunes are killers.
B0000067L2|5.0|After their blues based debut album &quot;Fresh Cream,&quot; these three brittish virtuosos came to America to record something a little different. Recorded in three days, these three musicains cranked out some of the era's hardest blues and rock. The album kicks off with &quot;Strange Brew&quot; which is a TOTAL ripoff on Albert King's style (one picture from these sessions actually shows Clapton with an Albert King album in his hand!). The song itself is a sharp and catchy opener with some entertaining pschedelic lyrics. Next comes a rock monster-&quot;Sunshine of Your Love.&quot; Starting out with a damn catchy hook, and basing itself around driving guitar and drum underpinning this track really emphasizes what Cream was all about (note Clapton's &quot;Blue Moon&quot; quote going into the middle solo). After the ferosity of &quot;Sunshine&quot; they take it down a notch with &quot;World of Pain.&quot; Even though it has rather elementary lyrics, Baker's drumming makes this song. Notice his wonderfully off-beat mid tempo drums during the choruses and his blitzkreig bass drums at the fade out. Keeping in the same toned down vein, &quot;Dance the Night Away&quot; follows with a gorgeous ringing twelve string intro by Clapton. This is a very unique Cream song, it almost sounds like The Byrds and contains some excellent eastern guitar by Clapton. This is certainly an underrated track in Cream's recording career, and one which fits the psychedelic era like a glove. Sadly this song is followed by Ginger's slow and sloppy &quot;Blue Condition.&quot; This is definitely filler, as Ginger recites (yes recites, not sings) lyrics which aren't entertaining to a melody that can't even save it. &quot;Tales of Brave Ulysses&quot; makes up for &quot;Blue Condition.&quot; Starting out with a group one chord intro, Bruce does a slow decending bass line over mythological/psychedelic lyrics. Then Clapton joins in with his sharp piercing wah-wah splashes (the first ever recording of awah-wah pedal). As the song continues on, Bruce's soaring vocals get louder, and Clapton's guitar becomes harder edged. This is truly a masterwork of Cream and the psychedelic era. &quot;S.W.L.A.B.R.&quot; picks up the tempo with some great instrumentalism but odd lyrics (&quot;but the picture has a mustache&quot; WHAT?!?!?). After the furious &quot;S.W.L.A.B.R.&quot; the tempo is again slowed down for &quot;We're Going Wrong,&quot; which starts out with a very high vocal line by Bruce and wonderful drumming by Baker. Clapton quietly strums in the back until the volume increases and he rips some great solo lines. If Bruce's vocals were perhaps lower (like on the demo version on the Those Were the Days box set) I would love this song, but regardles, it's still a keeper. Now reverting back to the blues, &quot;Outside Woman Blues&quot; follows. Clapton owns this song, as he takes on the singing duties and showcases some great rythem and lead playing. Next it's Bruces turn at the blues with &quot;Take It Back.&quot; This song has a great swing element, and Clapton's beefy backing guitar keeps it going. Also, the audience in the back is a great touch! Unfortunatley the album ends on a bum note. &quot;Mother's Lament&quot; is a singalong song with no guitar and just a piano in the back. One thing I would like to see is &quot;The Clearout&quot; from the Lost Sessions (March 1967) added on as a last track. This is a great piece of music with Clapton's power chord lead and Bruce's rampaging bass. It has the Disraeli Gears feel, but I doubt that track will be added anyway. If you own the box set, play &quot;The Clearout&quot; after &quot;Take It Back,&quot; the feel is great. However by and large, &quot;Disraeli Gears&quot; is a great album which showcases Eric, Jack and Ginger's talent along with the aims of the psychedlic blues rock movement.
068485015X|4.0|If you want to know more about the nature of love other than the emotional or romantic aspect, then this book is for you. Peck explains and explores the concept of love from a scientific, psychological point of view to enable his readers to understand and learn how to love in a deeper and wholistic way. He tackles not just the romantic nature of love, but also the love of thy self. He illustrates how from loving one's self, makes one extend himself further to his family, friends, others and society. It might be hard to grasp what Peck is talking about in the beginning but he makes use of his patients' situation to help the reader relate and understand his point further.<BR>Overall, this book is insightful and challenging. Peck challenges the reader to go the other way and see what a difference you'll make.
B00005A46T|4.0|having heard and seen Slipknot considerably before most people did, I at first thought highly of their music and their style. However after having them relentlessly shoved down my throat by people considering them the heaviest band ever (who obviously never heard SYL) and the fact that while the self-titled album was cool for awhile, the music on it was simple, never really went anywhere and none of them really were amazing on their respective instruments (save the drummer) leading to it becoming boring after some time. So initally a fan of them as time passed I considered them more and more passe, far too much hype and press for what was a good band but nowhere near as good as they were frequently made out to be. (sic) always remained a good song to me but countless listens turned songs like Surfacing, Wait &amp; Bleed and others into something far more annoying then enjoyable. Still I waited for Iowa but pretty much expected it to go the same route as virtually every other nu-metal band ie: Coal Chamber, Sevendust, Puya and others in having a worthless second album following up a decent first one. Therefore I am extremely happy to say that while Iowa isn't a godsend, Slipknot proves to be the 1st nu-metal band that actually became heavier, faster, more aggressive and more technical on their newest album. The annoying rap vocals are gone as is a lot of the lower end bass noise, best left to horrible bands like Limp Bizkit. Their drummer really shines here, the two extra guys help but it's their primary drummer who does a large amount of the work. The guitarists also show more (not too much mind you, amazing guitar work is a contradicition when concerning nu-metal) skill with more varied riffs and even a few hooks as opposed to the mindless droning guitars of the first with nothing going for them save nonstop distortion. Corey sounds more pissed then ever and he still easily without a doubt is the best singer in any sort of nu-metal band and generally has one of thebest screaming voices ever. Overall the album seems to have just more to it with slightly more complex songs so hopefully it won't end up being as boring as the first became after 3 or so months. Of course I just know the musically ignorant are once again going to shove this down my throat till I become sick of it, the curse of any decent nu-metal. Thank god for real heavy metal as other then Slipknot and System Of A Down, this genre is going nowhere fast.
6305064490|5.0|What can one say about such an outstanding movie. We watch it every year with new meaning and renewed spirit. It sets the tone for the holidays.
B00003CXSP|4.0|This is one of those films that is a bit of a guilty pleasure for me. As it goes, FBI Agent Clarice Starling (Julianne Moore) is not in the best of places when she is put back on the investigation to find killer Hannibal Lecter (Anthony Hopkins). This is all part of the machinations of the only survivor of Lecter's attacks, Mason Verger (Gary Oldman, in a truly twisted performance) who wants nothing less than to use Lecter for pig food. Sure I can carp about the slight lapses in suspense (moreso when we leave the Italy sequences behind), the ending (not the &quot;dinner&quot; scene, but after that), and to some degree, the charcterization of certain characters. The thing is though, I still get wrapped up in the sick absurbity of it all. Visually, this film is just stunning (especially during the time in Italy), the music is quite beautiful (such as in the opera sequence), and even chilling in some places, like an eerie flashback involving Verger and his reason for wanting Hannibal Lecter dead (and to The Blue Danube, no less). Is it a good movie? The answer depends on what you expect from &quot;Hannibal&quot;. If you expect a straight forward thriller, at least you have a copy of &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, right? If you expect a dark, gore-drenched little melodrama, then by all means, dig in.
0790729725|5.0|This is a great movie depicting the life of real life gangster Henry Hill from running errands as an early teen for mob kingpin Pauly, in 1955, to his drug dealings of the 70's, to his eventual entrance into the witness protection program in 1980. The film features great performances by Joe Pesci and Robert DeNero, reallistic mafia acts, and 2 beatdowns that rival sonny's beating of his brother-inlaw in 'The Godfather'. Get it.
B0000508U6|2.0|&quot;Yellow&quot; is a pretty song, although a little light in the lyrics department. The rest of the album, unfortunately, sounds exactly like &quot;Yellow.&quot; The same formula applies; a wash of acoustic guitar, winsomely morose lyrics, medium tempo...and pretty soon it becomes hard to tell one song from the next...and pretty soon, you're not interested enough to keep on listening. I hate to admit this but I used the &quot;skip&quot; button on this one more than once. There simply isn't enough going on musically or lyrically to make this more than an occasional listen. I'm particularly puzzled by folks who claim their lyrics are &quot;deep,&quot; because they're nothing of the sort; the lyrics are barely there at all, and revolve around borrowings from the Morrissey Book Of Wistfully Morose. And musically, I'm bothered by the fact that &quot;Yellow,&quot; and the rest of the songs on this CD, are basically rewrites of Radiohead's &quot;Fake Plastic Trees,&quot; from &quot;The Bends.&quot; I think this CD is a great example of a band who landed a record contract without enough good material to fill up a CD. Maybe on their second CD they'll actually write more than one good song, but knowing the state of Britpop these days, I seriously doubt it.
B000055Y0X|5.0|For my money, the funniest film ever made, and Stanley Kubrick's best. The inspired lunacy of Dr. Strangelove makes it accessible to all ages and times, since we all deal with nutty leaders at one point or another. So many of the moments have passed into pop culture: Major Kong's ride on a nuclear warhead, the President's phone call (all improv'd), Gen. Ripper's protestations of purity of bodily fluids. I can't say any more, except that this is a truly great movie. Get it.
0671034065|3.0|I was more than half way through the book when things finally started to happen. Though the banter back and forth between the two main characters was entertaining from start to finish, I felt as if I kept waiting for the excitement to start. Once it did, it came in a florish. I was also disappointed that Ms Howard did not spend a little more time developing the villian. I felt like she forgot to tell the reader about him throughout the story, and put it at the end as an after thought. An ok read...not her best.
B000001FS3|5.0|I have enjoyed this CD over and over again. The lyrics have time and again given me insight into my own soul and life. It is always refreshing to find a group/CD/song that deals with subjects other than the infatuation of teenage years. Joshua Tree and U2 deliver in a big way. &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; and &quot;Where the Streets have No Name&quot; are the two best cuts but the whole album is excellent.
B000001E7V|2.0|My first reaction to this was &quot;What's the big deal?&quot; The &quot;new sounds?&quot; They're all taken from Can records from the 70s. The production? Obviously influenced by Eno/Lanois and, again, Can. Innovative, it's not. The contrast between Tricky's voice and Maxine's is the thing I liked best about this, and the lyrics are often clever and interesting. But ultimately this CD was killed for me by the repetitive nature of the tracks. I don't have a problem with repetition; Can, Neu, Eno, Terry Riley are all in my CD collection. But if you're going to use repetition in music you need to make it interesting. On a lot of the songs here it sounds like Tricky put all the machines on automatic and just let them run. Once he gets his groove set, he doesn't modify his loops or samples; he just lets them go on without him, which eventually lends a dull, samey feeling to the record. This CD could have benefited from every track being shortened by two to five minutes, and a lot more of the vocal interplay between Tricky and Maxine would have been welcome.<br />A lot of the people who were fascinated by this CD are not people who listen to a wide variety of music, which I suppose is to Tricky's advantage; people who don't know any better think he invented this style. But he didn't. He is an adept synthesist and a good thief; which is not bad, David Bowie has built an entire career on being the same. But as far as being an innovator, he isn't.
B000059HAI|5.0|It seems like every other reviewer is comparing this movie with the new Pearl Harbor. If you read my review of it, you know how I regard that film. But I will not make another reference to it again in any sense or form. Ok? Tora Tora Tora simply is the definitive Pearl Harbor movie, and always will be so. What is amazing is how well it holds up, and without tons of gore or dozens of explatives. It seems that this is the new stuff of war films, but Tora...(if I keep typing this in I will seriously go crazy) is a slice of old-time filmmaking. Instead of being one-sided, this movie tells its story from both sides. The Japanese are not portrayed as war-mongering hawks, on the contrary, both the Emperor and Yamamoto are portrayed as doves. It is the &quot;army hotheads&quot; they both despise that are the hawks. When war appears eminent, Yamamoto knows what he must do. What makes this movie great is the what if..? scenarios. What if they hadn't been blocked from putting the radar on the mountain in Pearl? What if the intelligence officer had predicted Sunday December 7 intead of Sunday, November 30? Would people have listened? What if the planes were kept wide apart instead of close together? What if the carriers had been in port? The possibilities are endless. Enjoy this film, it will stimulate those brain cells.
0671034065|3.0|I was more than half way through the book when things finally started to happen. Though the banter back and forth between the two main characters was entertaining from start to finish, I felt as if I kept waiting for the excitement to start. Once it did, it came in a florish. I was also disappointed that Ms Howard did not spend a little more time developing the villian. I felt like she forgot to tell the reader about him throughout the story, and put it at the end as an after thought. An ok read...not her best.
0060254920|5.0|This is my 15 month's old favorite book. Almost every night he pulls it out from a stack of various children's books and carries it to me to read. His and my favorite part is when the wild things &quot;roar their terrible roars, roll their terrible eyes and show their terrible claws.&quot; I act out the part and tickle him when it comes to the claws. He goes into a giggle fit and can't stop for a few minutes. (So do I!)
B00005A46T|4.0|When Slipknot set out to make their new album, they were different band than the band that cut the the first CD. They were no longer just 9 guys from Iowa but now they are a top-notch favorite among most die-hard metal fans. While they did an excellent job on the heaviness of the new album, they sacrificed most of the melody of the first album. True, IOWA is a lot harder, but i think that at times it tends to be TOO hard. If you are new to Slipknot, stick to the first album cos its better IMHO, but this record is good for anyone that wants a truly loud head-bangin time.
B00004XONN|5.0|I had only two albums last year, that utterly blew me away. this one and The Paper Chase's Young Bodies Heal Quickly, You Know. Now granted i was much more impressed with The Paper Chase follow up than Radioheads, but thats beside the point. Folks this is the begining of a prog rock revolution. Take note.
0316286443|5.0|Kevyn Aucoin's artistic abilities are nothing short of amazing and he proves it again in this book, Face Forward. He tranforms friends and celebrities into masterpieces. Even if you are not into make-up, this book will amaze you.
0843176172|5.0|like all mr. men books, mr. clumsy is colourful, amusing, and is perfect for kids. i read the mr. men books when they were first released in england as a kid, and now, enjoy reading them to my kids. collect the whole series!
B00005A46T|5.0|This CD rocks! Sipknot returned with another grueling album to headbang to. Here's how each song ranks up,<BR>(515). OK. could be better. 6/10<BR>People = Sh**. Kick a** song. 9/10<BR>Disasterpiece. Blows boy bands away. 10/10<BR>My Plague. Good. A little repetitive. 7/10<BR>Everything Ends. Perfect. 10/10<BR>The Heretic Anthem. All hail Slipknot. 10/10<BR>Gently. The remake isn't as good. 5/10<BR>Left Behind. Kick a**. 10/10<BR>The Shape. Good. 9/10<BR>I Am Hated. Kinda good. 7/10<BR>Skin Ticket. Very good. 10/10<BR>New Abortion. Alright. 7/10<BR>Metabolic. Very repetitive. 5/10<BR>Iowa. Good but too long. 8/10<BR>Final grade: 113/140 with a grade of: B
0843176008|5.0|another cute mr. men story, this one involving mr. busy, with, of all characters, mr. slow. brightly coloured and amusing, kids under 10 will enjoy all the mr. men stories.
6304297912|1.0|This movie is about a bunch of addicts who kill their baby and are totally sociopathic. Gee what a vision of a film. I watched it because of great reviews. I must not have gotten it.<BR>If you need to see a movie find anything else. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
B00005A46T|5.0|I listen to all types of music, but my musical roots are with metal. I'm quite a big fan of the underground metal scene and have been for some time. I remember when slipknot's first album came out and buying it the first day. I also remember listening to it and thinking this was one of the most agressive albums ever. After seeing them live about five times I began to wonder how much sicker their next album could possibly get. Also after seeing &quot;wait and bleed&quot; getting quite a bit of airtime on TV and radio, I had my doubts about the band giving into the commercial side of things and the record label pressureing them into putting out another album that sounded like &quot;wait and bleed&quot;. After sampling &quot;the heretic anthem&quot; and &quot;new abortion&quot;, I was a more relieved but there was still a trail of doubt in my mind. After listening to IOWA all of my doubts were brutally murdered by the relentless surge of blast beats and grinding riffs that emerged from my speaker. The heaviest song on their last album doesn't even compare to the weakest sounding track on this album. These guys are all about the speed now. Tracks like &quot;People = S#T&quot;, &quot;Disasterpiece&quot; and &quot;Metalbolic&quot; are strongly influenced by Death, Speed, and yes, even Black metal. IOWA is the perfect reply to all those who called slipknot commercial and sellouts. Insanity at its best! If these guys are still concidered &quot;nu metal&quot;, then bands like cradle of filth, emperor and cannibal corpse may now be concidered mainstream as well.<BR>Do not, repeat: do not listen to this album if you get road rage! A must buy for ANYONE who likes metal.
0783228317|1.0|When the book came out it was ahead of it's time and had some good moments. This movie is a different story. Although Depp tries hard to save this movie it is so contrived, banal, and boring, that it is a waste of time and money. No wonder there are so many used copies for sale.
B000002H6C|5.0|Though the production is bleak and the person responsible for the bass tracks was sleeping the songs are simply outstanding. Injustice is the theme expressed throughout the album, from the system itself, to the harm we do to our mother earth. Hetfield's lyrics get better with each album, just listen to Dyer's Eve, or Eye of the beholder. Of course I have to mention One, lyric wise and music wise this song will be long be remembered as of the greatest heavy tunes ever, so melodic yet heavy, so angry yet laid back, it's a true masterpiece. My favorite track would have to be the instrumental To Live is to die wich was written by the late Cliff Burton, the first solo played by Hammett is my favorite off the whole album. The song starts out with an acoutsic guitar intro that fades out when the drums kick into full gear. Though I don't care for The frayed ends of sanity, shortest straw and harvester of sorrow too much(it may be because the other tunes simply outshines these) I would say that this album is essential to any Metallica collection. This is the last great Metallica album, and though the thrash days were behind them, Metallica shines on here with the ability to write incredible songs with such complexity, had Metallica continued in this direction what would've become of them?
0060392886|5.0|I so wish that I would have said goodbye to sports and hello to music when I was growing up. Maybe then I could have been in a band like Motley Crue!
B00003CXRP|4.0|When this came out, I had no intention of seeing it in the theatre, and waited for video. I had sworn I would go ahead and watch whatever Tom Hanks did after Saving Private Ryan, but I just had no interest in this one. The first time I watched it, I really didn't like it. Every since then, it kind of stuck, until I watched it again, and then I sensed what I had missed. The story is very basic, there are no real thrills, and everything unfolds as expected. This one plays on your expectations, by making you watch all the things you would really rather not have to see. It was very emotional for me to watch, I definitely did not want to see some of the things he would have to face, and the emotional rollercoaster he was going through. Any other actor and director would have over done this, and Hanks has that bland look for the whole second half of the movie, which forced me to actually think about what he was experiencing. It kills you at the end, by not coming through with the goods, and kind of leaving you stranded on your own island with all the endless possibilities ahead. This is one that I can watch a few times, and probably never plumb the depths of what it means. Or else it meant nothing, and was just a slow paced movie, that kind of trails off at the end. My suggestion is to let yourself get into the movie, and go with the emotions. It's most notable for what isn't said, and the most intense parts of the movie where there's no dialogue. It definitely took guts to make this movie, and I don't think it will ever be fully appreciated.
B00005B36H|5.0|I had been looking forward to this album sense January and I wasn't dissapointed at all. This is truly Tool's best album. From the moment you hear the The Grudge tell Faaip De Oaid is over your sucked into this CD. Most bands couldnt do an intresting 9 minute song but Tool can easly pull it off. After this came out alot of Tool fans where complaning about how Tool had lost there touch and blah blah blah &quot; it's not like Aenima..&quot;.....Aenima came out almost 6 years ago, I knew it was going to sound diffrent but i knew Tool would come through. Tool isnt some angry metal band. They produce Great art. Tool is the Pink Floyd of our time.
014028009X|5.0|I know it's not as lofty a pursuit as Jane Austin, but hardly was Jane Austin in her day.<br /><br />Urban 20 to 30-something women like myself will find they can relate to Bridget Jones too much. I admit it, despite my better judgement (i.e. a friend made me do it!) I saw the movie first... and seriously loved it. I had wanted desperately to read the book because of recommendations, but somehow didn't have the time (or was I too lazy?) When I had the inspiration to finally go through with it, I found Bridget Jones absolutely hilarious. Now I've read both the book and its fabulous sequel too many times than I care to acknowledge. I've even gotten the boyfriend to indulge.<br /><br />Bridge may be shallow, but she feels real. Life is sometimes just like that: the plight of knowing every last calorie count for even obscure food, one's exact cigarette count, and taking weird friend advice hit straight home for me. And all written remarkably with a wit and humor very few couldn't find zany and witty.<br /><br />I couldn't put this book down and have made nearly every last person I know read it. Everyone agrees that Bridge is a winner! Wonderfully written, absolutely human, funny and endearing... Bridget, we need a third book!<br /><br />Warning: finishing this book and sequel will leave you searching stacks of books for similar novels... fear that, very few of them actually live up to bridget.
B000002IWQ|4.0|Rush was never a band to stagnate. As they constantly explored new directions, one Rush album was never completely similar to another, although their preceding work would usually indicate a logical development of style. So where do we find Rush with Counterparts? &quot;Animate&quot; features some mighty, thick sounding bass and edgy guitar lines while &quot;Stick It Out&quot; has some of the band's most menacing riffs, which is surprising after the groovy licks on Presto and Roll the Bones. One will correctly observe that the band is returning to a harder rocking sound. This was released in 1993, a time when alternative rock was consuming the radio, and you can hear the band accommodate a bit of that sensibility. They are wise, however, not to renounce melody for the sake of heavier songs. One of my favorites is &quot;Cold Fire,&quot; with a gripping refrain and a chorus that showcases the band's killer chops and Peart's frenetic drums. &quot;Leave That Thing Alone&quot; is a smoky, compelling instrumental with engaging melodies, and at times it sounds like an instrumental version of &quot;Red Sector A&quot; (and that's good!). The heavily acoustic &quot;Nobody's Hero&quot; lacks a bit of subtlety on the lyrical front, but the raw emotional power of the chorus, supplemented by Michael Kamen's weeping orchestrations, makes it a wonderful track. (Kamen...he's done everything!) Peart's lyrics astound as always, with the best to be found in the inspiriting finale &quot;Everyday Glory.&quot; In the final verse, he writes: &quot;Though we live in trying times we're the ones who have to try   Though we know that time has wings we're the ones who have to fly.&quot; Though not perfect, Counterparts shows how Rush continues to be one of music's mosy resourceful rock bands.
B00003CXTF|5.0|Alright, well I was extremely disappointed...in all these lousy reviews that I've heard and read about this movie! What can I say I loooooved it! Of coure, I went into the movie theatre knowing it was a love story. But I laughed and I cried, I don't understand how people could say that there was no humanity in this movie, I just don't understand. I loved the way the attack was also told from the Japanese point of view, so it wasn't a completely rah-rah, go americans type of movie, and the way it proved that if they had just listened to their instincts, it might not have happened.<BR>But I loved the love story, it was great, heart wrenching at the end, and the action shots were amazing, and the actors and actresses were perfect for their roles. It was truly a great movie and I can't wait to see it on DVD with the extra shots.
B00000DLV1|5.0|I usually hate live albums to no end. They usually have really horrible sound quality. And sadly there aren't a lot of great live bands. Opeth and Radiohead are the only 2 that come to mind. But never mind that, this is just incredible. Maybe even better than Portishead's studio albums. Beth's vocals are infinitly better live, especially on the classic Sour Times. The orchestra adds a great new depth to Portishead's already incredible musicianship. Almost making this seem as epic as Homer's Illiad. The only thing that bugs me is Roads. The audience doesn't keep quite during it and almost ruins the song. It's the only song on here that I prefer the studio version. That and where is Wandering Stars?
B00003CXGG|3.0|I really enjoyed this movie. While it wasn't exactly non-stop action, it was well paced through its duration. What really held my interest was the heavy dose of comedy. It was funny without being slapstick like Jackie Chan. Random Notes:<BR>* There were some fanciful wire moves, like airial ballet. In one scene Jet Lee jumps up and does a &quot;Curley Shuffel&quot; move(where Curley, of 3-stooges fame, would pivot on his shoulder and spin around on the floor by pushing with his feet) in mid-air taking out a room full of bad guys. * The football scene was a riot! Jet Lee is invited to play football with some bad guys. After taking a beating for several plays, he learns that it is ok to pound the guy with the ball. So on the next play he takes out most of the bad guys by tossing them the ball and then creaming them while they held it. (He even scores a touch down on the play!) It reminded me of the last scene from &quot;The Longest Yard&quot; starring Burt Reynolds.<BR>* The love interest thread was well done.<BR>* Overall, the movie was well done and entertaining but was by no means a master piece. But despite issues with almost every aspect of film making, the film was a joy to watch. If you like this genre, &quot;Romeo Must Die&quot; belongs in your collection.
B00005A46T|3.0|The album is much heavier than their S/T disc, with blast beats and more death metalish influences. But the one thing that's been bugging me is that some of the songs just don't feel like they were finished completely. Disasterpiece, New Abortion, The Shape, Metabolic, and especially the song Iowa all fall under this. And I Am Hated is just filth... Let's just look at the song Iowa for example. It's long, very long, and just seems to float in limbo for all 15 minutes of it. Especailly as the band has seemed to have been hyping this song is interviews it is incredibly disappointing. It just seems like it was thrown on to make the album longer. While S/T had a great closer in Scissors (one of my fav songs from it) with it's creepy as hell lyrics and it's faboulos closing. I thought it amplified the effect of the whole album. But just as Scissors greatly helped S/T, Iowa just seems to dampen the whole thing. I would've rather of had Skin Ticket the closer...&quot;come see my cage, built in my grave&quot; just a great song... Anyways some other problems this album had were miniscule, like bad vocals in spots. But all the rest of the album is pretty damn good. People=****, Left Behind, Everything Ends, the rerecorded Gently (still like the older one a little more, kinda reminded me of Opeth), Heretic Anthem, Skin Ticket, and My Plague are extremly well crafted keep me coming back to the album.
B00005A46T|5.0|With the release of their self-titled debut album, Slipknot suprised the world with their hard-core lyrics and their fast, metal sound. Their second album, Iowa, gives you more of the same, and it still ROCKS your world like the first on did. A must have!
B00000J6AG|5.0|After having had this CD for about three weeks, I think I understand what Moby is doing sufficiently to write an intelligent commentary that will help you decide whether or not to invest in it and add it to your collection.<BR>First, you need to know that basically I am NOT a rock fan, nor am I into hip-hop. My CD collection is centered around new age, ambient, and world music with an emphasis on spiritual, not religious, feeling. However, I do go down a number of side paths from that center.<BR>So, &quot;Porcelain&quot; drew me to Moby's PLAY. My first listen to the entire CD was not pleasant. The incessant repetition in three of the first four cuts, and the build up to &quot;Bodyrock&quot; which seemed quite hard rock to me were quite irritating at first. And then came the night that I listened, and it all came together.<BR>PLAY is to be listened to as a whole. It's a person's expression of his progression from a chaotic state of consciousness into a much higher plane. At least, that's how I hear it. You might hear it differently.<BR>I consider six individual tracks to be &quot;key tracks&quot;. I'm not saying they're the best tracks, because each individual part of this progression is vital to the entire work.<BR>&quot;Honey&quot; is the perfect opening. Here, you have the repetition that sets the mood for this first portion of the whole. &quot;Find My Baby&quot; is a terrific low down blues number continuing an incessant repetition that reveals a limited consciousness. &quot;Porcelain&quot; then is a self revelation, a piece that stands alone and yet is exquisitely placed here. The piano work comvined with the percussion and Moby's vocal makes this single cut the high point of the opus. &quot;South Side&quot; speaks of the person's environment, one he accepts and yet needs to rise above. &quot;Bodyrock&quot; to me is the ultimate of chaotic thinking and the easing into &quot;Natural Blues&quot; is the beginning of spiritual transformation which continues first through a gospel enhanced period and then continually upward through a sequence of steps.<BR>This interpretation of Moby's PLAY is strictly subjective and my own. I do hope, though, that it tells you what you need to know before you decide to buy this CD or to skip it.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is stunning, beautiful, pure musical art at its absolute best. Siamese Dream is miles ahead of the next best album created in the last decade, which could very possibly the Smashing Pumpkins other great masterpeice Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. The lyrics, guitar work, and emotion on this cd are amazing. Hearing this cd changed the way I view music. You don't simply listen to a Smashing Pumpkins cd (especailly this one), you experience it. There is a reason almost every single reviewer gave it 5 stars. If you don't have this cd you MUST buy it.
B000000WA2|5.0|It's not that this album is about how the lives of well-off middle-class white-collar workers aren't as good as they might look. It's that it does it so unbelievably well. Sure, the music is great itself - lots of diverse instruments, horns, background vocals, groovy guitarwork - but it's the lyrics that make this album so amazingly good. Seriously - these songs made me realize quite a few things about myself and the world. Just look at &quot;Charmless Man,&quot; a song about a college-educated socialite who looks like he has everything (money, education, connections) but really is utterly, completely alone in the world. Or look at &quot;Fade Away,&quot; a song about a married couple who have lost all feeling in their lives and just drift along (&quot;they stumbled into each others' life, in a vague way became man and wife&quot;). Or look at &quot;Ernold Same,&quot; about a man hopelessly lost in the rat race (&quot;woke up from the same bed, from the same dream...went to the same bus and sat on the same seat with the same nasty stain next to same old whatsisname&quot;). Or look at &quot;Yuko and Hiro,&quot; a moving story of a man and woman who love each other but work so much that they never spend time together. Now, if you're middle class or have lived in the suburbs, just try to tell me you've never seen people like these in real life. They're everywhere. There are lots of &quot;successful&quot; people who are still so lonely that it's frightening. It's utterly brilliant, all throughout, and I'm sure it will open many people's eyes to where they're headed in life. I can't recommend it highly enough.
B00005AAFS|4.0|Mutter is in my opinion Rammstein's best album to date. In the last couple of years, they are one of the very few &quot;metal&quot; bands I've been listening to because they are the only ones who have genuine originality. They have really become great at writing softer songs, such as Mutter and Nebel. The only negative point I have to make is that the singer lacks a little originality on the verses of many of the harder songs. But the way they are improving with each album, I am eagerly looking forward to their next one!<BR>If you want to discover Rammstein, start with the latest albums, this band just keeps getting better with time...
B000001E29|5.0|Upon first listen I felt disappointed with Waits' BLACK RIDER, hearing the same stuff I didn't like on BONE MACHINE (which I realize was/is hailed by many as one of Waits' finest recornding, but for which I still can't seem to get into). However, after a few more listens, and then a few more...etc. I totally fell in love with this album and consider it Waits't third &quot;classic.&quot; The songs are hauntingly beautiful, musically daring, and surprisingly meoldic. The use of the saw in particular gives me goosebumps upon every listen. Along with SMALL CHANGE, FRANK'S WILD YEARS, and RAIN DOGS, BLACK RIDER comprises the top of Waits' musical output.
B00000BKDZ|4.0|I rate this album pretty well.Not their best but still one hell of a decent one.7 out of the 8 tracks satisfy me,the only one not doing so is &quot;The Prophet&quot;.The best tracks are &quot;The Clairvoyant&quot;,&quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh son&quot; and &quot;Can I play with madness&quot;.This album also shows a change to Maidens previous style.The thing I like about the album is the magical theme it has to it,and if you listen to the music carefully enough it gives this magical impression.If my knowledge tells me correct the seventh son of a seventh son is a wizard.The moment I knew the theme to the album,I really wanted to buy it.Steve Harris quotes this album as being &quot;magic without effort&quot;whereas if you look at the albums predecessor &quot;Somewhere in time&quot; it doesnt have nearly the same effect.<BR>What I can also say for buying this album,it has 2 impressive CD rom videos and in particular &quot;Can I Play with madness&quot;is worth a watch.So,what Id say,this album is worth its moneys worth.<br />1MOONCHILD-Good intro,generally good elsewhere<BR>2INFINATE DREAMS-Pretty good<BR>3CAN I PLAY WITH MADNESS-One of my favourite ever tracks<BR>4THE EVIL THAT MEN DO-Another all time great<BR>5Seventh Son of a Seventh son-Best on the album!<BR>6THE PROPHET-dont like this so much<BR>7THE CLAIRVOYANT-Another great track<BR>8ONLY THE GOOD DIE YOUNG-Pretty good,same ending as start of Moonchild
B0000033WC|5.0|Okay, I have to admit that this is my favorite VU album. Yes I know only half of the original band is represented, and I also know the noise and darkness is gone, but goddam Lou Reed wrote his absolute best songs at this time. The wonderful thing about VU is that they were constantly changing, and each successive album, no matter how different from the previous one, was a classic on its own terms. This is, as Reed himself proclaimed, &quot;LOADED with hits.&quot;
B00003CXA2|4.0|It has become quite fashionable in the years since its release to bash Forrest Gump as trite and manipulative entertainment. I find it to be totally non cynical entertainment. In this age of Irony and Mean Spirtitedness, we expect our entertainment to reflect popular culture. This movie was/is a huge hit for a reason. People sometimes enjoy simpler, innocent and (yes more childlike) entertainment. I found this film to be an absolutely charming tale of a total innocent, who played by the rules and was kind to everyone he ever met. That the movie was not the self-aware and ironic tale that it's close competitor for best picture, Pulp Fiction, was doesn't bother me.<BR>There is a place for both of these films. I appreciate both. Kudos to T. Hanks for what I consider to be one of the performances of the decade and kudos to Mr. Zemeckis for such a great movie.
B000002G7G|5.0|Great album...new direction...but what is up with that sweater Lou?
0790736039|2.0|It is an evil clown. (Well not really, but thats a secret) It kills children. It is a pretty decent book. It is an underbudgeted, made for tv, dumb as all hell movie. All the scary parts of the book have been dumbed down to enable a 1990's tv audience to watch this dreck. The special effects are terrible and cheesy. like sumthing from 1942. The first half of this movie is ok but many things the kids do makes no sense, because the explanation of their actions was left out of the movie. The second half when they are adults drags on, and is plagued by badly puppeteered spiders. HOWEVER, Tim Curry is great as Pennywise the clown, or it. He fits the part perfectly and its almost worht watching this thing just to see him. However overall this movie suffers from what all of sevne kings tv movies are plagued with, bad book to screen scripts and mediocre cinematography. Read the book instead
B000002KNU|5.0|Like many others I didn't &quot;get into&quot; TH until their breakthrough album SPEAKING IN TONGUES came out. I was in the ninth grade at the time and played that tape so much it finally wore out (thank God for CDs!) and split in half. It took me another three years to become somewhat obsessed with the band and start purchasing everything they'd done, starting with TH '77, which is still my favorite. As a passing-for-slightly-cool nerd, the music of Byrne &amp; Co. hit my arty-sensitive-yet-secretly-poppy heart. Even now, some 14 years later, TH '77 is still on my Top 10 Greatest Albums of All Time list. I think it always will be.
B00005ASHM|5.0|For someone with at least a passing knowledge of most of the big names and albums of the '60s, I can't believe I had not heard of this phenomenal record until perhaps a decade ago. (Then again, it wasn't a certified million seller until April 2000, so I've read.) How was it possible? Add my name to the endless list of people who thought the Beach Boys were a wimpy, horrible band that only American teenagers of the 1960s could like, only to discover that Pet Sounds is superb. Or maybe we love it because it's not really a Beach Boys album, it's a Brian Wilson album.<BR>Despite my reservations, I finally picked it up a year ago (about April 2000, come to think of it!) and was floored. It's a gem from start to finish, pretty much.<BR>'Wouldn't It Be Nice' and the gorgeous 'God Only Knows' are familiar to even non-fans like me, but there are quality songs all over the place, in particular 'I Just Wasn't Made For These Times'. The record would have been improved by omitting 'Sloop John B.', as Brian wished, but, as the suits told him, hey, we gotta have a hit song, right? The song is okay but it just doesn't fit here. Now, Good Vibrations ... oh, well.<BR>Everything you've read about Wilson's production is true. It's brilliant and sometimes over-the-top. The vocals are stunning. But I do not go along with the universal line that the lyrics here are anything special. There are some good ones, and they're a helluva lot better than previous BB material, but Dylan had nothing to fear.<BR>I can't believe that only 24 people have reviewed this disc so far. It's probably a manifestation of the phenomenon that has surrounded Pet Sounds from the start: it's better thought of in England (a Mojo poll recently nominated it the planet's No.1 album) than it is in the US. Strange. Maybe Beach Boys fans still don't like it?
B000002GY9|5.0|Although I came to Waits' music in the early '90s, when he had already changed styles, I consider SMALL CHANGE his first &quot;classic&quot; album. The opening track is probably one of my all time favorite songs, from ANY artist. Not being a fan of jazz per se, I see Waits' early music, especially this album, as a mix of Beat-style rhapsodies and barroom melodies. One thing's for sure, he's an American original
B000002J6H|5.0|Crosby has a perfect middle &quot;c&quot; voice. Nash has incredible harmonizing abilities. Stills has pure musical genius. The man can play the guitar, no doubt about it. Now, when it comes to vocals, there is more soul in that one voice than a full baptist church on a hot sunday morning down on the bayou. I bought it when it first came out and have listened to at least one-cut per day ever since. Heck, I was 17 then, my own son is now 22. He, &quot;borrowed&quot; my CD...I now own another. Simply stated, this is a masterwork from an incredible craftsman.
B000005IRG|4.0|In the late '70s, as an 8-10 year old Central Californian boy, I was not exposed to music like Talking Heads, Velvet Underground, Iggy Pop, Modern Lovers, or Television. They certainly weren't played on the radio (my summers were filled with songs from GREASE whether I liked it or not), and there was no MTV, hip college stations (as if I'd have tuned in at that age), or equally hip older brother or sister buying these albums. It wasn't until high school and college that I &quot;got exposed,&quot; first to Talking Heads, then VU, and a bit later, Television. The quirky, arty, yet extremely catchy songs on this album seem as relevant to me now as they must have when they were first released. As old timers are wont to say, &quot;They don't make music like this anymmore.&quot; Luckily it can all be found on CD so my kids will be exposed long before I was. Ain't they lucky?
B00005JKGV|5.0|this movie is great, i don't care what the critics, it is in all actuallity very well done. it may not make all of the sense in the world but is a nice escapist movie. you just get drawn in by the strangeness of it. very enigmatic and a must for any lynch fan.
B00005A46T|5.0|first off id like to state that if this album hits #1 on billboard it will be the first death metal album to do so. slipknot being the leaders of the mallcore scene had to put out an album that would push them ahead of everyone else . well with iowa that is an understatement. the machine gun fire of 515 starts it out and you know from the screaming you are in for an all out assualt on the eardrums.then it just blast right into people=sh**. the corus line is sung with so much anger its hard to emagine what these guys go through. everything ends is a song about well everything ending. corey actually sings some in this song. wich i think he has an amazing voice.if you havent heard the heretic anthem yet you will. gently is a beautiful song i dont care what anyone says. in left behind you hear corey sing more and its personally my fav song on the album. now the song iowa . it is so good its pitiful. corey claims he was naked and bleeding when he recorded this song. no matter what you think about slipknot they are the leaders of metal. and they will lead metal into the future, with their brand of hate.
B00005A46T|5.0|I was really looking forward to this CD because I'm a huge Slipknot fan. I loved their first CD and couldn't stop thinking about this one. When I got it, I was not dissapointed. It's interesting to listen to the slightly different direction the band is headed. They're still really heavy, but the music isn't quite as fast as that of the first CD. This is definately not a bad thing. I actually can't even think of a flaw in this CD. It's really cool to hear more of Corey's actual voice.  It's balanced perfectly with his screams. If you liked the first CD, go out and buy this one now, it's on the same level.
0743201140|3.0|The strength of &quot;Now Discover Your Strengths&quot; lies not with discovering one's own strenghts (mine were all self-obvious), but in learning to manage the strengths of others and in providing the concept of a &quot;strengths-based organization&quot;. The book recommended numerous useful strategies for managing people who exhibit each of the various traits/strenghts and in providing strategies for creating a strenght-based organization.<BR>For learning better how one's personality relates to one's career, try &quot;Do What You Are&quot;, a more self-insightful personality text.
6305320802|4.0|This is one of my favorite musicals. It's great for the family too, it stars Alfred Drake and Joan Roberts who have wonderful voices! The storyline is so-so, but understandable, if your going to get one musical let it be this one!! This is also great if you like classic country.
0790731452|4.0|Boy, a lot of people just didn't get this movie. I thought it was quite funny. Not only was it a parody of classic sci fi movies, it poked fun at government and at our obsession with UFO's and aliens in a campy and entertaining way.(You gotta love a movie where half of congress gets fried by bulbous headed space critters!) OF COURSE it's not a masterpiece! I don't think that's what Burton was going for. This movie is pure, all out silliness and fun. People who can't laugh at this can't laugh at themselves.
B00003CY5K|5.0|You can't describe it any other way, it's funny it's sweet, one of the best moives this summer!! This is great if your looking for somthing to make you laugh with a splash of comedy!
0800177177|3.0|I give it three and a half stars.The other reviewers here are absolutely correct. This should NOT have been called &quot;Bram Stoker's&quot; Dracula. If you are looking for a faithful screen adaptation of the novel, this is not it. Another point I agree with is that Keanu Reeves AND Winona Ryder's English accents were laughable at best. But, If you are looking for a visually rich and charmingly campy bit of fun, this is your movie. It seems to me that Francis Ford Coppola really loved (as I do) the old horror movies from the 1930's and set out to pay homage to them. I think Gary Oldman does a smashing job of playing Dracula. You could tell he was really having a ball with this part. Flaws aside, this movie is thoroughly enjoyable and fun to watch. I didn't regret purchasing this movie in the least.
B000000W5A|5.0|Sometimes when you're too close to the source of something (in this case American music -- blues, country, gospel, rock and roll, jazz), or too much in its thrall, you don't recognize all the wonder and the beauty that it is made of. The Rolling Stones -- addled by tax problems, drugs, love, celebrity, politics, death and disolution -- laid themselves bare on the altar to which they had dedicated their entire lives. Anyone who actually listens to, and tries to understand the beauty contained in the slurry vocals, the jam-like quality of the recording sessions, and the sticky and dank producing-style will be rewarded. This was a group of really smart and talented people attracted to an imperfect America that was caught in the grip of Nixon, race riots, Vietnam, addiction &amp; etc. Anyone who compares this to &quot;Tattoo You&quot; is nuts and lacks any sense of context, or not listening in the right frame of mind. Rather than &quot;Tattoo You,&quot; &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; comparable to Sly &amp; The Family Stone's &quot;There's A Riot Goin' On&quot; or to Hank Williams or to Robert Johnson. (It's hard to compare to any other Rolling Stones album because it's more rootsy yet less studied, and more sincere.) Sometimes it's hard to take in, but if you can listen through the slurry vocals, it's among the most beautiful and thoughtful rock and roll out there.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Let me begin by saying that I originally went to see this movie with my husband at his request. Within 30 minutes we walked out of the thing with my husband uttering more apologies than I believe he would give me if he cheated on me! This is the only movie I have ever walked out on! Liv Tyler is no more than eye candy, completely void of any real talent other than looking pouty and vulnerable.This is an overly dramatic, poorly acted and all around terrible movie. Shame on Steve Buschemi! This movie encompasses all that is wrong with modern movie making. It also demonstrates the power of advertising perfectly. It's so hyped it HAS to be good, right? WRONG!!!
B000000W5A|5.0|Sometimes when you're too close to the source of something (in this case American music -- blues, country, gospel, rock and roll, jazz), or too much in its thrall, you don't recognize all the wonder and the beauty that it is made of. The Rolling Stones -- addled by tax problems, drugs, love, celebrity, politics, death and disolution -- laid themselves bare on the altar to which they had dedicated their entire lives. Anyone who actually listens to, and tries to understand the beauty contained in the slurry vocals, the jam-like quality of the recording sessions, and the sticky and dank producing-style will be rewarded. This was a group of really smart and talented people attracted to an imperfect America that was caught in the grip of Nixon, race riots, Vietnam, addiction &amp; etc. Anyone who compares this to &quot;Tattoo You&quot; is nuts and lacks any sense of context, or not listening in the right frame of mind. Rather than &quot;Tattoo You,&quot; &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; comparable to Sly &amp; The Family Stone's &quot;There's A Riot Goin' On&quot; or to Hank Williams or to Robert Johnson. (It's hard to compare to any other Rolling Stones album because it's more rootsy yet less studied, and more sincere.) Sometimes it's hard to take in, but if you can listen through the slurry vocals, it's among the most beautiful and thoughtful rock and roll out there.
0792151712|1.0|To put it succinctly, this movie is a completely unoriginal, cliche ridden piece of garbage. The dialogue is some of the worst I have ever heard. The romance is sickly sweet and utterly predictable. If you want to see some excellent period piece-type romances try something like The Age of Innocence, Dangerous Liaisons, or A Room with a View (particularly excellent!). At least these are well acted and well written. Titanic is an overly hyped completely commercialized stinker with a capital &quot;S&quot;!
B000056V73|2.0|Okay, I love classic rock. The presets in my car are all set to stations that feature the Allman Brothers, Led Zep etc. &quot;Almost Famous&quot; is documentary-like in its evocation of 70's era rock, its look and its sound. With that being said, I still found Cameron Crowe's autobiographical movie to be a tedious and insignificant ode to himself. Nowhere in this film is there anything of thematic substance. The 70's were a trippy yet liberating time? Rock and Roll is a lifestyle as much as a form of entertainment? It is important for youth to find its own means of expression in order to be free? Seriously folks, haven't we seen or heard all of these themes a hundred times before? I really don't find Crowe saying anything new in this two hour movie (that feels like four).&quot;Almost Famous&quot; is just Crowe looking back wistfully on his youth, and the film would be stronger if he actually offered up something to say, as opposed to just nostalgia for a dead era.<BR>On the other hand, the performances are above average throughout this film. Working with scanty material, Kate Hudson makes an indelible impression, Frances McDormand dominates evry scene she is in, and Billy Crudup is arresting as the self-absorbed but vulnerable lead guitarist. In fact, the strongest part of this movie is in the likeable and realistic characterizations. Crowe clearly uses his experiences to great advantage here. It is just sad that he give them nothing very interesting to say.<BR>I am not surprised this film did not merit any serious Oscar consideration. I am sure it will be forgotten by all but conneissuers of rock and roll features (nad Cameron Crowe fans) within the next five years. Crowe seems to labor under the impression that a wide audience will be as interested as what his formative years were like as he is. He would have been better off making a home movie, and screening it for himself and his family. It is just a shame that some fine performances were wasted in this insignificant piece of self important fluff.
B000002BE9|2.0|When I first heard Fiona Apple's voice it stopped me dead in my tracks. She really does have a beautiful and captivating voice. Unfortunately, her song writing doesn't follow suit. Most of her lyrics are pretentious and trite. Although her voice betrays her age, her songwriting and arranging completely give it away. It might be worth it to buy it used, but let's put it this way; I lent this CD out to a fellow employee who quit shortly thereafter and of course, took my CD with him. I found I didn't miss it.
B000001FY9|5.0|Get all of Bob's most popular stuff on a single CD!
0767817664|5.0|If you're in the mood for a vampire movie, this is definitely the one to take a look at. The story is based on a teenage boy (played by &quot;Herman's Head's&quot; William Ragsdale) who suddenly finds that his favorite show is basically being played out in real life... A big fan of Peter Vincent's &quot;Fright Night&quot; ~ a show much like Elvira's at that time~ Charlie soon discovers that his neighbor is more than what he actually seems to be. He raves and rants that the man is a vampire hoping desperately that it'll actually reach the ears of his friends and that soon they will believe him... But will their belief in this nightmare-into-reality scenario come to late?<br />This movie has an excellent soundtrack. Seriously a must have!
0399146253|2.0|I was very disappointed in The Last Precinct, which takes up right where Black Notice leaves off. The &quot;Werewolf&quot; killer, Jean-Baptiste Chandonne, who made his grisly debut in Black Notice, is one of Cornwell's more memorable villains besides Temple Gault, so I expected this book to keep me turning pages into the wee hours. Instead, The Last Precinct was a major let-down. For one thing, Cornwell inexplicably changed her writing style in this novel to present tense narrative and it doesn't work. Instead, it makes for slow, tedious reading. I was also disappointed that there seemed to be a lot of back-tracking and rehashing of Point of Origin and Black Notice. In addition, while the many passages of self-analysis and introspection reveal more of Scarpetta the person, they contribute to the book's excruciatingly slow pace. For instance, because her home has become a crime scene, Scarpetta stays with her friend, Dr. Anna Zenner, who conducts some informal psychotherapy sessions with her as part of the hospitality package. These sessions seem contrived and add nothing to the plot. Neither, for that matter, does Anna's letter revealing the mysterious details of her youth in Nazi Austria. In this book, Chandonne is extradited to New York City, as he is suspected of committing a gory murder there 2 years before Deputy Police Chief Diane Bray and Kim Luong are murdered; the M.O. in all 3 cases is identical. Enter New York District Attorney Jaime Berger, who has been appointed to prosecute the New York case and comes to Richmond to do some investigating. Berger clashes with Captain Pete Marino from the outset and faithful readers of the series know that he's a chauvinistic curmudgeon who resents women in positions of power/authority. In some of the previous books, Marino's diatribes and outbursts are actually kind of funny, but his constant sniping at Berger is just tiresome in this novel. There are also too many amazing coincidences and improbable plot twists. Turnsout a mysterious, tall, handsome stranger, not Chandonne, was the last person the victim in New York was seen with before meeting her hideous end. Likewise, The Last Precinct now reveals that Marino's son Rocky is a ruthless, high-powered mob attorney who will be defending Chandonne in New York City. The Chandonnes, readers will recall, are a prominent crime family in Paris, with global mob connections. Somehow, Scarpetta becomes implicated in the murder of Diane Bray, who came to Virginia with the express intention of getting Scarpetta fired from her job (it's hinted she and Benton Wesley, Scarpetta's murdered lover, were romantically involved). Complicating the already-improbable plot is the revelation that Lucy, Scarpetta's brilliant but combative niece, is going to let the ATF kick her out and she's going into business with a friend, also a former ATF agent, in the Big Apple. The Last Precinct, their endeavor, is a private agency that provides justice for people who have exhausted all the normal avenues to get it (sounds something like Vengeance, Unlimited). Thrown in as afterthoughts are two murdered young men found tied up and burned with a heat gun in a sleazy motel, whose owner, we learn, is in the murder business with an unexpected cohort in crime (I won't ruin things by revealing his identity here). In the end, Scarpetta, after being vindicated in a really lame trial scene, decides a major change in her life is in order. I'm not certain if this book is Scarpetta's swan song or the author decided that the current format and setting were getting stale, necessitating a total overhaul. The Last Precinct isn't on a par with Patricia Cornwell's previous novels. For one thing, I didn't care for the different writing style, which made the book more difficult to read. For another, the book was about 100 pages too long. If Cornwell had eliminated all the introspective sidetrips and plot backtracking to previous works, the novel's flow would have been greatly improved. Finally, there were just too many unbelievable plot twists. I found the book to be disappointing and can only hope it was a temporary literary aberration on the author's part.
B00000JPH6|5.0|i saw this film when it first came out on video, i was a mere six years old. I loved it so much my parents immediately bought the film for me and i watched it every weekend throughout my childhood years. I cannot stress how much i worshipped this film! I wanted to BE both Jen and Kira as they went through the beautiful landscapes and avoided the Skeksis in their quest to restore the crystal shard to the Dark Crystal itself. Now, 15 years on, i have finally seen the DVD version of the film.  I bought a DVD player purely for this very purpose and it was worth it. Even though i have bought new copies of the VHS over the years (and grown up a bit i hope) i was still amazed at how much better the film looked in the format. Brian Froud's imagery is wonderful and the Henson puppets are superb even if they are getting on for 20 years old and the story is moving, scary and totally enchanting. Maybe i am slightly biased as this was already my favourite film - quite clear if you knew me with my intentional resemblance to Kira, crystal bat 'body art' (temporary tattoos to you), Brian Froud-esque bedroom and all the purple crystals that pop up in my art work :). But this aside, for all you Dark Crystal fans out there SEE THIS VERSION, it really is worth a look and if you've never seen the film before and you won't be put off by the lack of guns and explosions in it check it out, please, its beautiful. It is slightly slow as somebody has already said and the Gelfling are slightly expressionless but most people who still appreciate plot and atmosphere in a film rather than big bangs will have the attention span to cope with this.
B000005J56|5.0|I have had the Buena Vista Social Club CD for a couple of years now...since I saw the video at Lotus Festival in Bloomington, Indiana. It is one of my favorite cds and I never tire of listening to the melodic voice of I. Ferrar and the other outstanding Cuban musicians. I encourage anyone who enjoys music to add this to their collection!
1572522232|1.0|I have heard &amp; read a lot of hype surrounding this movie. How it's supposed to be one of the most frightening movies of all time. A true classic. Dario Argento's masterpiece of terror! And so on, ad nauseum...<BR>When I saw this film, I was completely disappointed. SUSPIRIA is a very stylish, yet incomprehensive film. I consider Argento's THE BIRD WITH THE CRYSTAL PLUMMAGE to be a lot better than this horror film. Other than some really bloody moments, SUSPIRIA suffers from too much style, an annoying soundtrack, &amp; weak performances from everyone involved, especially the lead actress Jessica Harper. It's as if she's bored to death in this movie!<BR>Argento should have done better, in my opinion. SUSPIRIA was a very stylish, colorful, slick, yet weak &amp; overblown. All style, but very little substance.
6305546789|5.0|The remastering of both the video and audio on this movie blew me away. Before I bought a DVD player, I had the VHS equivilant to this version of Halloween and the audio sucked. Finally, someone has revamped this film and even added some features to it. Trust me, the sound alone warrants a viewing. THX 5.1 Dolby Digital sound has changed this movie forever.
B00003CXA2|5.0|Wow! This DVD's transfer looks FABULOUS in it's original 2.35:1 aspect ratio on my 27&quot; TV! Only an idiot would prefer to see it any other way! This film is a life affirming 'feel good' viewing experience and you will feel as though you know Forrest personally when it's over. Great special effects, superb acting, and a well-paced story make this one of the most watchable films I've ever seen. Did I say that the 2.35:1 OAR transfer looks GREAT on my 27&quot; TV? (ignore any reviews that might say otherwise).
B00005A46T|5.0|I picked up this CD straight after school today. And let me tell you, it tops any heavy album that's been released in quite awhile. I thought it couldn't get much heavier than their first album, but man was I wrong! This album is heavier, louder, and at least lyrically, sicker. And it all makes it that much better. There is not one bad song on the CD, they're all new favorites. Pick this CD up today, you won't be dissapointed.
6305169187|1.0|Armageddon is a stupit movie without a doubt, I saw this in the movie theater and I was expecting a classic the way everyone was raving about it was everything but that. This movie does not really center around average people like alot of other movies do instead its all about these egotistical guys trying to kill this asteroid in space and people like Bruce Willis and Ben Affleck being real cool about everything I did not laugh the whole time and I thought the script was corny. And there were way to many explosions and they really get on your nerves after a while the explosions get so dull even you'll start to get dopey after a while all of the people in the theatre looked bored to while watching this movie and when watching this movie where some ear plugs the explosions may cause some people to become hearing impaired. I don't ever think I have ever seen anything that has to do with asteroids as dull as this movie ever. It looks like the writers and anyone having to do with this movie poured all of there energy into the special effects and sound but then failed to write up a good script and find some real actors who really can act and that is the outcome of what most people saw in theaters one big BOMB!
B00005A46T|5.0|Iowa is much much darker, bleaker, and more brutal then the first major release by slipknot. and for folks like me thats a very very good thing. this cd also shows off more of the band's hidden talent. it breaks away from the genre with songs like &quot;gently&quot; . these are dark layered masterworks... this cd is better then i hoped by leaps and bounds. i recommend it to any fan of the first cd, and also any fan of heavy music, and if you like this cd, check out the upcomming cd from &quot;Chimaira&quot; its also really good, cool guys too, they deserve our support peace
B00003CXTG|5.0|I think the problem with &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; was that it was advertised as a strictly action-packed film - which made guys want to go see it. Because it was really about the love triangle, audiences said it was a bad movie. However, since it is a romantic story (with some awesome battle sequences), in that sense, it is a good movie. I went with a bunch of my friends and we all enjoyed it. I actually didn't think it was going to be that good, so the fact that I thought it was should say something. I don't think many guys will enjoy this movie other than the hour and a half of battle so I recommend women seeing this movie. I can't guarantee you'll love it like I did, but it's still an entertaining movie. (If for no other reason...watch it just to see heartthrob Josh Hartnett!)
B00005A46T|5.0|WOW, this cd is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!! if u like the first slipknot cd u will LOVE this one..... it has everything a slipknot fan would expect on a second album,,, awesome lyrics, awesome guitars, awesome drums, awesome everything!!!
0375701427|4.0|I hadn't read anything by Philip Roth since 'Goodbye, Colombus' in high school, some 15 years ago. Tired of most modern fiction, with it's painfully rendered characters and insignificant explorations into domestic problems, I sought out Roth to give me some exposure to the great questions of American life. Well, he delivered by creating an American family dealing with a particularly problematic domestic situation, and the irony wasn't lost on me. What's most fascinating to me about 'American Pastoral' is the Swede's acceptance of the fiction of himself created by those around him. Is he really the unthinking success that others believe him to be, or is he merely the son of hard-working immigrants who will never feel part of the American fabric in the way his WASP neighbors do? Swede's birthright as an American, a self-made man, an optimist, is contrasted with his experience as father of a killer. He is betrayed of his dreams by his own flesh and blood, but is he responsible by creating a myth of life his daughter can only rebel against, since there is no way to exceed what her parents create for her? And isn't that the point of being a child, to do even better than your parents?<BR>Admittedly, there is a lot going on here, and not all of it congeals, or works together. But certainly enough of it does, and for whatever indulgences Roth engages in (let's face it, the man has earned the right) 'American Pastoral' deals with questions of national identity, ethnic identity, and what it means to be a parent, an American, and a man. Leave it to Roth to allow his characters to get their hands dirty in the muck of America's dream, to hurt and scald each other and thereby to act in the only way that is honest. Everything else is just an act.
B000000IT4|5.0|One of if not their best, Tarkus ranks as one of the best classic/prog rock albums of all time. Clearly in a class by themselves, Tarkus is performed flawlessly. Sonically, there is little to compare with compared to the Victory label version, but given the choice I'd opt for the gold version. Incredible keyboards, vocals, drums.
B00000JCOV|4.0|As i said in my review for the IOWA album, i have only recently been getting into Slipknot so i thought that i had better review this album. My first contact with this album was at a friends, who plays this cd religiously everynight, so i had heard all of the songs, but the more i listened to it the better it became. My favourite tracks are Wait And Bleed, Spit It Out, No Life, Me Inside and Only One. This album is what kickdtarted this band and propelled them to dizzy heights and IOWA is what is going to keep them there for a long time to come
B000000ITR|5.0|I've heard this lp so many times, I thought I knew it inside and out, that is until I bought this MFSL gold version. It hands down blows every existing version out of the water. Sonically, you couldn't ask for a cleaner recording, very deep bass, crystaline highs and a very wide soundstage. A must-have for the serious ELP fan, if you can find it. Lucky me, I have one.
B00005A46T|5.0|Loud.Angry.Powerful.Infectious.Dominating. That pretty much sums up this record. From the very first track to the very last. I am hard pressed to recall the last time something hit me as hard as this record. Brutal. Honestly, words fail me in describing how much I enjoyed this. If you like music that is LOUD I urge you to give this one a listen. You won't regret it.
B000059XYK|1.0|I hate how much suspence there was and how loud and sudden<BR>the graphics were.Nick cage was in one of his worst movies yet.<BR>(But the family man was pretty terrible too)I would<BR>not recomend this movie tp anyone has bad reactions<BR>to loud noises.lololol (Analisa) hahahahahahahaha
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot returns with this brutal and compelling work of non-stop aggressivness. Slipknot is without a doubt the best metal band out there right now. They are definatley the saviors of HEAVY METAL! The 'knot has opened the gates for all of the &quot;New Breed&quot; of metal artists. The brutal screaming that opens up the album let's you know that you are in for a 66:25 minute adrenaline rush. But be warned, if you are a stupid trendy person that only likes Slipknot because you thought &quot;Wait and Bleed was cool&quot; then this album is much too real for you. So take heed and stay away, this album will definatley knock away some of the more trendy wanna-be maggots and make way for the true fans. Every song on this album is MORE THAN EXCELLENT, MORE THAN THE BEST, MORE THAN WORDS CAN SAY! Not one dull moment on this disc, so if you are a true Maggot than I can only ask why you are reading this! You should know already that it is the best and screw what the critics (me included) say! Make your own opinion. And if you don't like this album then keep it to yourelf because no one wants to hear a squeaky pre-pubescent nerd talk about how the loud noise hurts his ears. SLIPKNOT! It's only NOISE to the TONE DEAF!
B00005A46T|5.0|I must confess that I like this album even more than Slipknots first record. this time around they are even heavier I would recomend this album to anyone with an open mind and some pent up anger.
0380973650|4.0|I have enjoyed reading Neil Gaiman for awhile now. I first read his Sandman comics and then I read his novel Neverwhere. Gaiman has a knack for coming up with extremely clever ideas of a mystical nature and carrying them off with energy and atmosphere. I looked forward to much of the same with this novel, American Gods. Though not quite up to the level of his previous stories, there is much to like here. As always with Gaiman, the idea here is very clever; namely, that when the settlers from the Old World settled America, they brought with them their various gods. Since a god's &quot;health&quot; is maintained by the amount of worship received, the Native American gods were overshadowed by a new pantheon. The thrust of this novel is that the Old World Gods--Odin, Loki, leprechauns, etc.--are being replaced by technological/consumer &quot;gods.&quot; (The television, for example, comes to life at one point.) But these old gods aren't going to go out without a fight. The story follows the adventures of a man named Shadow, a recently freed ex-con haunted (literally) by his recently deceased, cheating wife, who is hired by Wednesday, a creature Shadow slowly learns is a version of the god Odin. The two of them travel around gathering up the old gods into an army to battle the new gods. Needless to say, there are plenty of twists and turns leading to a surprise ending of sorts. There are problems here, however. One: the characters are interesting but only superficially. It is difficult to ultimately care about what happens to any of them with possibly a couple of exceptions. Two: the &quot;gods&quot; in question here are not any that most people would consider gods. The entire Judeo-Christian influence is pretty much ignored apart from some subtle imagery. I find it difficult to swallow a novel about American gods that ignores these influences. Still, the novel is a quick read and does present some ideas that are interesting to chew over. How dependent on worship is a god's power? What is the nature of sacred objects and sacred places? Is technology and consumerism taking over the role of religion in America? I just wish the characters had been a little more engaging and the story a little more energetic.d's power? What is the nature of sacred objects and sacred places? Is technology and consumerism taking over the role of religion in America? I just wish the characters had been a little more engaging and the story a little more energetic.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Quite possibly the best movie of 2001. This 93 minute hell-bent-for-leather fairly tale will make you smile, laugh out loud, maybe shed a tear, and clap your hands together at the end. Mike Myers does the best job of voice since Tom Hanks did &quot;Woody&quot; in &quot;Toy Story&quot;. Instantly likable as the ogre &quot;Shrek&quot;... his wit and subtle humor is drawn out by the fast talking donkey (also played to a tee by Eddie Murphy). Cameron Diaz does a good job as the Princess and John Lithgow plays the mean villain Lord Farquaad (Lithgow is exceptional at &quot;bad guy&quot; roles - if you haven't seem him in &quot;Cliffhanger&quot; - that is one to rent or buy). Farquaad's kingdome is a spoof on everything Disney... naturally this film is made by an less than happy ex-Disney employee (Katzenburg). Check out all the Disney characters and listen to the funny remarks that are said about them... one for example regarding Snow White - the Magic Mirror says: &quot;She lives with seven men, but she's not easy.&quot; Other memorable lines... Princess: &quot;What kind of knight are you?&quot; Shrek: &quot;One of a kind.&quot; Donkey: &quot;I'm a donkey on the edge!&quot; and &quot;Hey, what about Shrek? He's ugly 24/7!&quot; and &quot;I ain't never met someone who didn't like parfait. You never hear someone say, 'Hey, you want some parfait?' 'Hell no, I don't want no parfait!'&quot;... the donkey had so many great lines - great comic relief. Also note a great time had by the entire cartoon cast singing &quot;I'm A Believer&quot; (made famous by the Monkees) at the conclusion. Fact: Chris Farley was slated as the original Shrek. When he died, the lead role was given to his SNL buddy Mike Myers. Myers changed the voice 3/4's the way thru the production - from English to Scotish. Great flick... excellent widescreen visual effects, sound &amp; music. Great extras as well - film featurettes &amp; commentaries, interactive games, karaoke, fun facts and technical goofs.
630024797X|4.0|Interesting flick, possibly the most different in the Wim Wenders collection. Travis walks through very dry territory in Texas and faints, and a creepy doctor (very Wenders) calls his next of kin. Then the story starts explaining itself in a rather engaging way. You realize early on there is something fishy and mysterious about Travis and Jane, but the hints here and there keep you interested for quite a while. My biggest objections to the movie are:  The scene where Travis and Jane finally meet. Without giving too much away, i'd say the dialog was rather lame for a movie that up to that point was high-caliber  The ending. Why did Travis do what he did? It did not make much sense (again, sorry i do not elaborate on the ending). The soundtrack, by Ry Cooder, goes perfectly well with the washed out background of Texas. Such a desert, both there and in Travis's soul.
B00005A46T|4.0|I have listened to this cd once so far. It took me a while to start to understand their self titled cd, but now i love it, so it might take me a while to get into this one. I dont think this one is as good as the self titled one. The lyrics dont see to have the same effect on me as the other cd. It is still good, just not as good as the other. I would recommend getting the self titled cd first, if you dont already have it, before getting this one.
0380973464|4.0|I really enjoyed Cryptonomicon, and give it 4 stars.<BR>I was surprised though that the author's research missed something that<BR>makes the plot appear a bit uniformed.<BR>In 1941 Konrad Zuse built the first fully functional, automatic,<BR>programmable, general purpose, digital computer. All previous machines<BR>(by Pascal, Leibniz, Babbage, Atanasoff, Turing, and Zuse himself) were<BR>mere calculators limited to very specific types of operations.<BR>For the first 600 pages or so I kept expecting Zuse's machine to enter<BR>the plot - until the book suggested that in 1945 (!) Waterhouse was<BR>the only one who knew how to build such a machine. Then I realized<BR>Stephenson was not even aware of Zuse.<BR>Maybe he or someone else will find the above useful for his next<BR>alternative history novel.
B000056NX5|4.0|A surprisingly wonderful remake of a classic.
B00005A46T|5.0|This may seem weird, but I am not your typical Slipknot fan. Instead of being 12-14 and in middle school, I'm 23 and a college graduate. I got Slipknot's first album w/Frail Limb Nursery and Purity about a year ago, and it blew me away. When I heard that the Knot were coming out with a new album, I was eagerly anticipating it. It did not dissapoint.<BR>Their first album, in my opinion killed Korn as a extreme heavy band. This album kills any nu-metal band. Extremely heavy, dark, and scary, this stuff brings back memories of metal from back in the day.<BR>I am not the type of person to list each and every song and have a review for them, but each song is impressive. I rank Slipknot as one of the 2 most intense bands ever. The other band, and the first is Slayer. Now that Iowa is among us, it will be amusing to watch how the puny nu-metal bands try to grab half of it's intensity and darkness
0767903862|4.0|Once again Bryson has produced a frothy, lightweight, amusing, and eminently readable travelogue-albeit one that feels a bit rushed (perhaps in order to get out in time for the Sydney Olympics?). Having now read four of his books, I find that Bryson is at his best when he's on a fixed agenda, such as in A Walk In the Woods or Neither Here Nor There, rather than grand tours such as this and Notes From A Small Island. Bryson's approach to Australia is to go arrive with a pile of books and combine a route which allows him to hit all the major attractions for a day with a schedule that allows him few digressions. He's a big fan (as am I) of walking around to get a sense of a place, frequenting pubs, museums, and used bookstores. Armed with smidgens of history and awfully interesting biology factoids, his constant sense of wonder at Australia is bound to send oodles of tourists there in the coming years. What's lacking is any sense of the Australian people, other than general impressions, since he rarely interacts with them except in service situations. And while he gives a synopsis of the mistreatment of Aborigines, and concludes that they've been hard done by, they never show up as people in his travels. This is rather like the entire book actually, brief impressions that often exhibit genuine insight (often combined with affection and amusement) despite fleeting contact, but no real depth. Still, there are plenty of great discoveries within its pages (I especially liked the 12-foot long earthworms).
B00003CXRP|4.0|Tom Hanks is back and this time he on a deserted island. And Elivs Presley fans this movie has about 4 of his songs. As the movie opens, Chuck Noland (Tom Hanks) is spending christmas with a whole lot of people, even his girlfriend named Kelly (Helen Hunt). And his summoned to make an emerengy run. Before Chuck's plane takes off he and Kelly exchagne gifts and she wants me home for New Year's Eve.<BR>He promises that he will be home for New Year's Eve. And goes on board the plane. Soon the plane loses radio contract and the plane crashes in the Pacific Ocean. Chuck manages to stay alive. And he ends up on a deserted island. That he remaines on for 4 years. In real life plane crashes happen or how to you think that Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, The Big Bopper, Roberto Clemete and Aayliah die in? Not all in the same plane. But the first 3 I named did. Those people were not pretty lucky and surived a plane crash and you might have to be lucky if you do not died even after the plane crashes. Perfect film for Tom Hanks fans!
6305537313|5.0|\\"Audrey Hepburn.\\"<br />I'm supposed to have more than a one word review here. Amazon's rules. Two words will do just fine. \\"Audrey Hepburn.\\" There was that other guy, whatshisname, the one about as nameless in my memory as Cat, but the guy we men all want to be.<br />Sleek and sophisticated, clever and innocent, beguiling yet without guile: Hepburn demonstrates her natural ability to dance without moving and love without ever having met the audience. She was of an era and grace when poise mattered.<br />And best of all, the writer gets the girl. The good guy finishes first.<br />Swoon with me, and watch this perfect movie once again. Buy it, own it, never let it go. It is all we've got, really, of Holly Golightly, of the Audrey Hepburn we love.<br />I'm disappointed the have nothing particularly special on the DVD, or a boxed set. A complete boxed set is the way to go, including all her her pre-&quot;Roman Holiday&quot; stuff.<br />I fully recommend this movie, and obsessively so.<br />Did you see &quot;Sabrina&quot; yet? Get that one too.<br />Anthony Trendl
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Shrek is the perfect film for a not so perfect family. Every fairy tale in the movie is fractured in some way, or badly criticized. This is what makes Shrek plenty of fun. Shrek is an anti hero, someone who doesn't expect anything coming his way. Everytime an eventual adventure approaches him, Shrek always reluctantly steps up to the plate. That's what Disney heroes lack. Second, Shrek isn't exactly prince charming. That's brilliantly funny since Mike Myers provides a Scottish type accent. Not too handsome and not too ugly, Shrek can somehow convince you that he can steal a princess' heart. The supporting cast blew me away too. Princess Fiona boasts the best computer animation and Cameron Diaz provided a good voice for her. The comic relief of this tale is Donkey, played by Eddie Murphy. Every single joke brought so many laughes. I'm sure it will for you too. John Lithgow is the voice for the stature challenged Lord Farquaad. He is a villain filled with an egotistical mind and an eye for a dream kingdom. So, to sum it all up, Shrek should be noted for two things. The seamless computer animation and the talented voice actors. All make a great story seem greater. To buy the DVD would do this film movie justice.
0451527712|5.0|There is no quantifying the impact of Frankenstein. Whatever it is about, it commands a heavy reaction about loss, tragedy, love, innocence, true Christianity, ethics and personhood.<br />Cloning in this scientific age might not be as challenged as Shelley's world was. On one hand, we have a beast, sans a mother's womb to birth from, on the other, we have a wretched society of bigotry and anger... The monster's ardent natural morality mixed with ID-like needs and a child's tenderness tears at the reader. Is he real? Is he, despite his innocence, like an unborn baby, free to be aborted? Or, is he validly human, as human as you or I, or like that fetus moments after it leaves the womb, kind and gentle, yet ignorant?<br />A great catapult toward discussion and analysis, or just a plain old good read, but not without impact.<br />I fully recommend this book.<br />Anthony Trendl
B00000K31Q|5.0|10 Things I Hate About You proves that smooth dialogue and smart casting can make a stupid teenage movie into a funny film. The actors are chosen perfectly. Heath Ledger exactly hits the right notes as the social outcast Patrick Verona with a cute grin. I can't think of anyone else but Julia Stiles who could play the grungy feminist Kat Stratford. The rest are also perfect Joseph Gordon Levitt as Cameron, Larisa Oleyik as Bianca Stratford and the supporting cast rounds out the film. Actually, the music is also why I ranked this movie five stars. Letters to Cleo singer Kay Hanley sings most of the songs played throughout the film and they're right for certain settings in the movie. Overall, buy this if you want to prove that teenagers don't have to have their own genre.
6305537313|5.0|\\"Audrey Hepburn.\\"<BR>I'm supposed to have more than a one word review here. Amazon's rules. Two words will do just fine. \\"Audrey Hepburn.\\" There was that other guy, whatshisname, the one about as nameless in my memory as Cat.<BR>Sleek and sophisticated, clever and innocent, beguiling yet without guile: Hepburn demonstrates her natural ability to dance without moving and love without ever having met the audience. She was of an era and grace when fantasies mattered.<BR>And best of all, the writers gets the girl. The good guy finishes first.<BR>Swoon with me, and watch this perfect movie once again. Buy it, own it, never let it go. It is all we've got, really, of Holly Golightly, of the Audrey Hepburn we love.<BR>I fully recommend this movie, and obsessively so.<BR>Did you see &quot;Sabrina&quot; yet? Get that one too.<BR>Anthony Trendl
B00003CY5K|5.0|Legally Blonde proves to you two things. One, you don't have to have the best educational background to get into Harvard. Two, blondes have more fun. Legally Blonde introduces you to Elle Woods, the president of a sorority group born in the rich estates provided by her parents. When Elle is dumped by her snobbish boyfriend Warner, she learns a crucial thing. Warner is basically dumping her because, well, she's a blonde and we all know the first thing that pops into our mind when we hear that word. Elle is determined to go to Harvard Law, the school that Warner attends, to bring him back and prove that she can succeed in law better than she can name the items on sale at Macy's. At Harvard, she meets Warner's bratty fiance. Her friend includes a middle aged manucruist who is too afraid to ask out the mail man. All of these events leads to a case, funnily solved by none other than Elle. Well, I was impressed by this movie. Pretty good acting can make a stupid storyline become a hit among the critics and the audience. I say again blondes have more fun.
0380796090|4.0|Well, I have to admit I wasn't all that surprised by her husband leaving her in the first chapter - that was made pretty clear on the cover. The character goes through the expected anger, denial, bargaining, etc. and the ending was WAY too convenient but the internal dialogue that the character had was a HOOT to read. It reminded me of a kind of female version of &quot;High Fidelity&quot; - in a &quot;is that what we really think?&quot; kind of way. I really enjoyed reading about the quirky family in Dublin. Indeed, the main character is neurotic, obsessed, and very similar to Bridget Jones and Ally McBeal but that seems to be the trend in female characterization - not something I'm overjoyed about but, hey, it's fun to read.
B00000JCOV|4.0|Although Slipknot may not necessarily be the heaviest band out there, they have to be the heaviest band to become this popular and I think the biggest reason for that can be summed up in one word: INTENSITY! If this record doesn't make you agitated, hyper, destructive, etc., then you ain't alive. The only warning I would make to the potential buyer is that this is definitely an album you have to listen to a few times before you understand it, i.e., the first time you listen to it you'll probably think it's just a bunch of atonal noise and incoherent screaming. Oh yeah, and if you think bands like limp bizkit, papa roach, and staind are &quot;heavy metal&quot;, then stay far, far away fom this.
0800141806|5.0|For any of you Rentheads out there, yes, the title of my Philadelphia review is from the musical Rent, more specifically the song &quot;Seasons of Love.&quot; I saw the musical Rent before I saw Philadelphia and some of the same basic human emotions and reactions regarding AIDS, homosexuality and mortality that are in RENT apply equally well to Philadelphia. &quot;Philadelphia&quot; follows the journey of lawyer Andrew Beckett as he sues his firm for firing him on the grounds of discrimination. The catch: Beckett is gay and is in the final stages of AIDS.<br />We see Beckett as a capable lawyer, compassionate, determined to make a change in the world. He hides the telltale KS (Kaposi's Sarcoma) lesions on his face from his coworkers with makeup but he is noticeably thin and fatigued. Suffering from severe chronic diarrhea as a result of KS and AZT, he is taken to the hospital where we first meet his longtime companion Miguel (Antonio Banderas), a rather headstrong yet tender lover who is fiercely devoted to Andy. Later we meet Joe Miller, the lawyer that we first see Andy arguing a case against in the beginning of the film. Miller is a stereotypical &quot;ambulance chaser&quot; with the prerequisite cheesy TV ads. He is also an extreme homophobe and is fearful of HIV. Throughout the film Joe Miller learns to accept Andy for the goodhearted, decent person that he is and the fragility of all life. He does not agree with Andy's lifestyle but does not want to abandon him, knowing that in his condition Andy could never defend himself.<br /> The months pass quickly, and Andy's deterioration is frighteningly rapid. His hair thins and turns grey, he requires blood transfusions, he is gaunt and grey and suffers from frequent respiratory infections. He knows that he will die soon and tries to face death with dignity, echoing the lyrics from the RENT song &quot;Will I?&quot;: 'Will I lose my dignity Will someone care Will I wake tomorrow From this nightmare?' Andy's fears and his love for life are beautifully expressed during a monologue set to the aria &quot;La Momma Morta&quot; performed by Maria Callas. Miguel wants Andy to start writing a will and planning for his memorial, but instead Andy throws a &quot;celebration of life&quot; party for himself and his friends (mostly homosexuals with the exception of Joe Miller and his wife. Joe handles the occasion beautifully considering his intensive dislike of homosexuality).<br />Andy is attacked from within and without: AIDS ravages his body while lawyer Belinda Conine (Mary Steenburgen) tries to rip apart his credibility and personal life on the witness stand and in the court. Andy is made to confess his past mistakes that have ultimately and unknowingly cost him his career and his life: his past visits to a gay pornography theatre, at least one anonymous sexual encounter at said theatre (interestingly enough this occurred 10 years earlier when he was still with Miguel, yet Miguel was not infected, suggesting that this act was a momentary lapse in judgment rather than an habitual act). This admittance to Andy's having sex with a stranger and contracting AIDS is used against him, showing that he was a threat and could have infected Miguel and other partners with AIDS. Miguel watches, tortured, from the bench. Andy is increasingly ill and frail in the courtroom and eventually collapses. Inevitably Andy dies in hospital with Miguel at his side.<br />Antonio Banderas is absolutely amazing in his role as Miguel--the slow dance with Andy at the party, the arguments at home, the anguish and tenderness in his eyes as he kisses Andy's fingers, the only part of him not tubed, as Andy is dying. His eyes reflect so much love for Andy, fear of losing him, pain at seeing the agony he lives through every day with AIDS. He has been with him for a decade, and suddenly mundane moments take on new meaning as there will not be others to follow. He too must face Andy's mortality, and he appears outwardly gruff and argumentative. He must appear courageous for Andy's sake and his own or he would become lost in his grief.<br />In my opinion this is the definitive role of Tom Hanks' lifetime. Andy is an ordinary man: a devoted lover, a decent, honest person, and an outstanding lawyer. He tries to do what is right, what he believes in, to be proud of himself and his accomplishments. Tom Hanks brings a wisdom and tenderness to the role that makes him ultimately believable and not just a victim. Just a glance from Hanks, a word, a gesture, conveys more about Andy than pages of dialogue ever could. The loving glances between Miguel and Andy and Andy and his family, his look of hopelessness as he stands on the street after being refused by Joe Miller, his face as he is on trial, sick and alone and having to defend his actions from the past. He faces injustice and loss with courage. Tom Hanks becomes Andy, going through a physical and spiritual transformation that touches our souls.<br />This movie does an excellent job of covering both the treatment of homosexuality and the AIDS epidemic in the U.S. during the early 1990's. Because it is a mainstream film it shies away from certain elements, mainly more physical contact and scenes between Miguel and Andy, and focuses more on Joe Miller's gradual acceptance of AIDS and Andy's homosexuality. There are many scenes involving fear and hatred directed at homosexuals and offensive language and jokes. But &quot;Philadelphia&quot; has something meaningful to say about the power of love and support in times of need, about understanding and being tolerant of alternative lifestyles, and about accepting the inevitability of death with grace and courage. An excellent film, touching and thought-provoking.ruff and argumentative. He must appear courageous for Andy's sake and his own or he would become lost in his grief. <br />In my opinion this is the definitive role of Tom Hanks' lifetime. Andy is an ordinary man: a devoted lover, a decent, honest person, and an outstanding lawyer. He tries to do what is right, what he believes in, to be proud of himself and his accomplishments. Tom Hanks brings a wisdom and tenderness to the role that makes him ultimately believable and not just a victim. Just a glance from Hanks, a word, a gesture, conveys more about Andy than pages of dialogue ever could. The loving glances between Miguel and Andy and Andy and his family, his look of hopelessness as he stands on the street after being refused by Joe Miller, his face as he is on trial, sick and alone and having to defend his actions from the past. He faces injustice and loss with courage. Tom Hanks becomes Andy, going through a physical and spiritual transformation that touches our souls. <br />This movie does an excellent job of covering both the treatment of homosexuality and the AIDS epidemic in the U.S. during the early 1990's. Because it is a mainstream film it shies away from certain elements, mainly more physical contact and scenes between Miguel and Andy, and focuses more on Joe Miller's gradual acceptance of AIDS and Andy's homosexuality. There are many scenes involving fear and hatred directed at homosexuals and offensive language and jokes. But &quot;Philadelphia&quot; has something meaningful to say about the power of love and support in times of need, about understanding and being tolerant of alternative lifestyles, and about accepting the inevitability of death with grace and courage. An excellent film, touching and thought-provoking.
0380973650|4.0|Not by anything that happened, but by the style. I enjoyed Gaiman's verse...it contributed to what could have been a murky mess of a story and made it quite enjoyable. This is the first I have read by him. It will not be the last.
6304331851|5.0|Camelot has a rather dated look to it in some ways. The reds and oranges, greens, and earth tones were colors that were all popular back in the late '60's, and may have been realistic for the time period depicted in the film. However, I don't suppose it would have been realistic for Richard Harris to wear the eyeshadow that has been mentioned in other reviews, or for Vanessa Redgrave to wear her hair in a Leeway bang or to have false eyelashes. As this was 1967, and many of the British actors in this film were Blitz survivors the film has a strong anti-war message especially towards the end.<br />The cinematography and audio are both sharp and glorious. Richard Harris' singing has more emotion than Richard Burton's did in the stage production of &quot;Camelot&quot;. Harris'pensive version of &quot;How to Handle A Woman&quot; is moving, although slightly chauvinistic. Like her performance,Vanessa Redgrave's contralto is sensuous and subtle in contrast to Julie Andrews' soprano in the original stage version.--Perfect for a ballad like &quot;I Loved You Once In Silence&quot;. It's nice that the two leads were capable of doing their own singing unlike Franco Nero, whose quizzical-faced Lancelot got better as the film progressed. It would have been interesting to see what could have been done with the three songs that were left out of the film-&quot;Before I Gaze at You Again&quot;, &quot;Fie on Goodness&quot;, and &quot;The Seven Deadly Virtues&quot;- the last of which could have been sung by David Hemmings' Mordred with such relish! In the event that such a film could be remade today (Why not? It's happened with &quot;South Pacific&quot;), I've often thought of who could do the parts justice. I've thought of Michael Crawford as King Arthur because at least he can sing, Sarah Brightman could still be Guenevere even though she's in her forties now, Christian Slater could match, if not outdo David Hemmings in sleaziness as Mordred, and Mel Gibson could be a Lancelot to whom even a King could forgive himself for losing his wife's affections.--Just a thought.<br />But the 1967 cast still shines like a jewel as has gracefully withstood the test of time.
B00005A46T|5.0|None heavier, none bigger. Fred Durst and Crazytown need not apply.
0060194995|5.0|Each year millions of 9th grade students are required to read the Haper Lee classic &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; and like me back then, rented the movie and and faked a book report the best I could.<BR>The terrible injustice that is committed each year in public schools in the U.S. can only be righted when you go back and re-read this book without the pressure of wondering who are you going to invite to the Sadie Hawkins dance next week, Bobby or David?<BR>Harper Lee's story is both a work of fiction and part biographical. Characters include elements of her real life father (Atticus) and of childhood friend Truman Capote(Del Harris). All these characters that were captured on film are more alive and vibrant in the book. In addition the character of Ms. Dubois and her herion addiction is more clear and illustrates the pain and agony of addiction. The explanation of the the title is also clearly written and delivered in the editorial of BB Underwood the town's newspaper editor that is completely lost on film. While references to the mockingbird are made in the movie, it does not do the metaphore justice.<BR>Take time from your life, and relax with a reading of this classic piece of literature. Perhaps the 2nd most read book in the world today next to the bible. And for your reward for reading the book this time, I wont make you write a 500 word essay.
B00000IMCU|5.0|This is the ultimate Junior High movie. Remember that time, that last year right before you became permanently obsessed with sex , when instead you were obsessed with &quot;splatter&quot; movies. &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; features (in no particular order) SWAT teams battling zombies that live in the projects, exploding heads, some rampaging Hell's Angels, large trucks, a zombie being dispatched with a screwdriver, a zombie nun, an endorsement for Spam, a zombie being dispatched with a machete, one &quot;Bad Dude&quot; talking about voo-doo, a zombie being dispatched by helicopter blades, some gun loving good ol' boys, a zombie softball player,a &quot;mad&quot; scientist with an eyepatch(&quot;Dummies!Dummies!&quot;), menacing 70's rock by a band named The Goblins(yes THE Goblins) and of course the zombie equivalent of the &quot;money shot&quot;: the entrails scene. To further cement it's sixth grade appeal, it's set in a MALL! wich the protagonists claim as thier own where they run around shooting zombies, shouting over walkie- talkies, and playing really primitive video games. The lost 12 year-old in you yearns to see this flick.
B00003CXSP|2.0|Hopkins is back as Hannibal and Julianne Moore replaces Jodie Foster as Agent Clarice Starling (a tragedy in its own right, but more on that later.) The movie stars out with an impressive market shoot-out, in which Clarice gets one of her fellow officers killed and shoots a woman holding a baby. After that she is reassigned to the Hannibal case because he has started killing/eating people again. Although the market shoot-out was very cool, the rest of the movie is boring and pointless. Anthony Hopkins isn't half as scary as he was in the original and Julianne Moore is horrible in Jodie Foster's role. Most of the Hannibal attacks are in the last 45 minutes of the movie and you have to wait until the last 30 minutes or so of the movie until Clarice and Hannibal actually meet. Yes, it's that boring. Up until that last 45 minutes, the movie is an seemingly endless blend of Hannibal sipping wine in Florence and Clarice in her basement, reading Hannibal's notes, watching Hannibal videos and listening to Hannibal audio tapes. Mixed in with that is an old geezer on a wheelchair that keeps talking about how he survived when he cut off his own face when Hannibal told him to. There is practically no suspense. It is replaced with (not needed) gore. The special features were okay, but not what I expected. Some of the deleted scenes are good and the featurettes are somewhat interesting, but the other stuff makes you think, &quot;Who actually cares about watching different camera angles of a scene?&quot; That feature is totally useless and boring, (all you see is footage of four different cameras showing people talking) as is the other vignettes. The audio commentary by Ridley Scott is good as usual. Also, some of the deleted scenes should have been in the movie. For example, there is a deleted scene where Clarice explores the dark and abandoned mental hospital. (Where Lecter was in the first film) The scene provides some pretty creepy things, but no. Anything that would be actually scary shouldn't be in the movie, according to the editors. I give this movie two stars because at some points it's interesting. For example, when Clarice talks with Barney (the old security guard at the mental hospital from the original film) it is interesting and it's fun to watch things that the first one hinted about. For example, in the first one, the head of the mental hospital shows Clarice a picture of what Lecter did to a nurse when they removed his restraints because he complained of stomach pain. You don't see the picture. In this film, you see the act. Anyway, this film is passable as a sequel, but I was disappointed. This movie cleary didnt take advantage of its possible potential. All in all: The Silence of the Lambs is MUCH better. That is a movie worth owning. I recommend you rent Hannibal before you see it. Only die-hard Hannibal fans should actually buy this movie.
B00005A46T|5.0|I am not gonna say much, except that this album is brutal, a must buy.
0316236446|5.0|I really liked this book very much and bought it for my son... I was so excited to give it to him. He has many of ed emberlys books. But you know, he really doesnt like it.... I think i know why tho. This book has many many pictures of alot of things that can be used to combine to make larger more scenic pictures... I thought that having all of those choices was a great thing. I think that my son likes having the pictures larger as they are in ed's other books... and they are also somewhat more detailed in the other books. Now, that said... this is still my favorite ed book... and perhaps my son will like it more in time... I just wanted to mention it is a bit different than some of ed's other books...
B00003CXA2|4.0|I'm a big fan of this movie, and could not wait to see<BR>it on DVD. However, I was quite disappointed to find out<BR>that the English Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack is badly mixed.<BR>There's very little use of the surround channels - and they<BR>pop in and out abruptly. During the big battle scene in<BR>Vietnam, there's no surround sound until two-thirds of the<BR>way thru the scene, and then the surrounds come on abruptly with some background music. Someone at Paramount was asleep<BR>at the wheel when they mixed this one. I hope there will be<BR>a recall.
0316234753|5.0|Ed Emberlys books are wonderful. They break drawing down into the simplest parts and teach childre (and adults) how to have fun drawing. When you have fun and SUCCESS with the pictures (and you will!) you can only want to do more and the more you do the better you will get. These books are excellent... and fun. Some pictures are more simple and some books are simpler... this one is on the simpler side of mid level i would say... but it is a starter i would say... nothing very complecated.  These books would be great to have in a class room... i cant say enough good about how much fun these books are!
B00003W8NM|5.0|One day ago you were just a nobody who everybody looked down at, then the next day, you find out out that you are not just that loser who goes to Depression Thearopies every day to cry in other men's arms, but this new born King with an army of loyal bald-heads all over the nation fighting for you. The movie was not logical, but it did make me admire the strange story of those silly people: Through fighting, what comes out is not just blood and tears, but all those emotions that you have been hiding, all those things that have made you unable to sleep; By unleashing those forces, the man is reborned, with nothing but that animal instinct that releases the sinful world of its deeds with a sense of a new found justice. Watch the movie, and you will understand what I am talking about. FIGHT CLUB&gt;&gt;
0316236551|5.0|Even tho these books are rated for ages 4-8 i think that is really a judgement call... My son is 10 and LOVES them. There is no set age for when a child learns to draw and anytime you can make a child feel good about something he creates... it is a good thing. I have found that even adults who didnt think they could draw are amazed at what they can do using the books... this is one of the easier drawing books but it is also fun because as kids get more comfortable they can use their imagination and make up their own faces!
0783235453|4.0|I liked this movie, though it was uneven and more than a bit melodramatic. There were great performances in it by Morgan Freeman, Anthony Hopkins, and the actor who portrayed Cinque. The slave ship scenes were as brutal as they were beautiful, and that leads to the first of the film's two major problems. It seems that Spielberg, master storyteller, though he be, can only tell one kind of story--the neat, uplifting one. He makes even ugly seem beautiful, and thereby palatable. I don't want to overstate my point, but here it is: I did not feel the kind of ANGER or OUTRAGE that I, as an African American, should have upon viewing such a subject. The second problem is the film's point of view. Most reviewers have written that the film is done from the Africans' point of view. I disagree. The point of view is shared--at most. Here is a neat way to do a movie like this the next time a director gets the urge to, and then you'll understand my problem with Amistad's point of view: why not have the AFRICANS speak English and have the AMERICANS speak some sort of made up gibberish language? Then the viewer will have total empathy for the slaves and begin to get some inkling of what it must have been like to be stolen from your home and brought to this strange land in chains.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|While &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; more than resotred an interest in the Disney animated musical feature, &quot;Beauty and The Beast&quot; perfected it. This is truly one of Disney's finest moments. It is the perfect combination of story, music, and character animation. And now the company has decided to re-release the Oscar nominated film on, not only the big screen but, the really big screen. January 1 2002 Disney will celebrate the tenth anniversary of this classis in Imax theaters around the world. The animation team has cleaned up some of the animated scense, improved some of the special effects and, for the first time ever in a Disney re-issue, animated a new scene to be incorporated into the film. &quot;Human Again&quot; was recorded for the initial release but the song was cut before it went to final animation. While the song has appeared in the Broadway version of the film, it has never been seen completely animated. This is an unprecedented move in the studio's long history of re-issuing their classics. Check out the Disney website to see the new trailer and read more about the resotration project. I would imagine the studio will also release the newly resotred edition on DVD soon after its limited theatrical run. With or without the extras, Beauty and the Beast is truly a masterpiece that deserves a place in everyone's home movie collections. Till this day it is the only animated feature to ever be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.
B000050FEN|5.0|Much praise has already been heaped on Morgan Freeman and Brad Pit for their exceptional performances in this film. The director has been lauded for the crispness and flow of the narrative and for keeping the viewer on the edge of his/her seat throughout. As a writer myself, I would like to laud the scribe who penned this refreshingly clever masterpiece. How neat, a series of murders based on the seven deadly sins. Ho hum. We sit and wait to see how each sin will be illustrated. Ho Hum. Ah, but what happens when the villain surrenders with two murders (two sins) yet to go? Now the viewer is INTELLECTUALLY engaged . . . for the first time in literally years of watching run of the mill Hollywood thrillers.
B00005A46T|5.0|This is relentless, unforgiving heavy metal at its best. I recommend this to anyone who likes rock. Be warned. It is not for the faint at heart!
B000002H2H|5.0|This is a great album with great tracks like my fav fade to black, for whom the bell tolls and creeping death it rules and is worth having.
0002171856|5.0|This is the best survival manual I have ever read, and I collect survival manuals. This book is the bible, its scope,detail, and practicality is unmatched. I've had this book for years and I still find myself going back to it for techniques to practice. If you are only going to read one survival manual this should be it.
B000002HMH|5.0|After listening to kill em all, ride the lightning and the rest I can hear the difference but the album still rocks. Hero of the day is like the nothing else matters of the black album and fade to black of ride the lightning this song is as good as those two songs. Until it sleeps may not be as up-tempo as others but the lyrics are great as for king nothing. Mama said may be the slowest and more mellower song Metallica have ever done but still i think is great because of the lyrics and the guitar of Hetfield.
0679879269|4.0|but his change from a story about a protagonist to a story about an idea did. I have no objection to alternative POV Pullman creates here, I don't believe it--but it'd be a shame if everyone only wrote about the things I believe in. I enjoyed the story for its literary skill and Pullman's own theories on creation. My problem is that I wasn't looking for this in the series. The first book was about Lyra--her adventures and her perceptions. The second book still focused on Lyra but a larger scope of people were introduced and suddenly it became more about the story than the people. By the third, Lyra's become lost in the war of ideas and theories being crafted. I missed having the more traditional story here. That being said, its an amazing book--but its not for everybody. It offers a different religious view--one set against Christianity and focusing on a very different set of values. It's interesting and good to get a different take on things, but not everybody's going to like it, and less are going to agree with it. My best advice to readers, don't beware--but BE AWARE that this is not a sweet or simple fantasy that will leave all questions answered.
0345441184|5.0|When carefully and slowly reading this book, I got transported back centuries in time. The delicacy with which the author treats each character, each scene, each place and event makes reading this book probably one of the most superb reading experiences I have ever had.<BR>Whoever is interested in ancient history, tales or mythology will be delighted by this magnificent experience.<BR>Read it slowly, re-read it, enjoy each word, sentence and paragraph. Truly, writing at its finest.
0060934913|4.0|I laughed out loud at least ten times while reading this book. Tony Bourdain is SO very witty and has such an amazingly conversational style of writing, it's like sitting around having drinks and swapping anecdotes with a very funny old friend. I have a friend who is a chef in San Francisco and I always thought that it was just *him*, but now I realize that most, if not all cooks are like him! I can't wait to give him this book. He's a filthy-mouthed pervert who speaks constantly of sex and drugs, dishes out the crudest Spanish slang I've ever heard from a white guy, works six days a week, changes restaurants every few months, dresses like a pirate, has a shaved head, usually *stinks* of onions and body odor, and makes the most wonderful food I've ever tasted. He has more knowledge of, and passion for good food, than anyone I've ever met. So it was with him in mind that I read Tony Bourdain's account of his life, the kitchens he's worked in, the characters he's met along the way, how things *really* work behind the kitchen doors of most restaurants. Absolutely fascinating read. I give the book 4 stars, not 5, simply because the chapters are kind of schizophrenic at times, though all are good. One is about a friend of his, the next will be about kitchen slang, the next about some other seemingly unrelated subject. It's all kind of thrown together hodge-podge, but it never annoys,and it all does work quite well in the end. A definite recommendation.
0789723107|4.0|Went straight to the point on web design for e-commerce sites. Keep it simple &amp; idiot-proof. Pointed out many useful stuffs. A must read. And i never give books 5 stars
B00000K0DT|2.0|Confusion remains the common denominator in &quot;The Usual Suspects,&quot; in which director Bryan Singer and writer Christopher McQuarrie are determined to create a fresh and inviting thriller, but come up empty. The star-studded cast is a delight to watch, but the film is so fixated on its own cleverness and originality that it quickly loses interest, deadening the impact of a surprise twist ending that may have worked had it had a better lead-up. Perhaps what makes the film so cumbersome is its shift from past to present, and vice-versa. Beginning with an explosion aboard a ship on which a shootout has just occurred, the movie then shifts back six weeks to the arrest of five men, all accused of stealing a van full of weaponry. Four of the men, Michael McManus (Stephen Baldwin), Fred Fenster (Benicio del Toro), Todd Hockney (Kevin Pollack), and Verbal Kint (Kevin Spacey), concoct a plan of revenge against the NYPD, and the hesitant Dean Keaton (Gabriel Byrne) joins in. After a deluge of plot twists and scenarios that seem completely out of place, the group finds themselves on the West Coast, at the mercy of a well-known man by the name of Keyser Soze, whose lawyer gives each of them a file documentation of their lives as watched by Soze. The motive: each of them has wronged Soze at some point in the past, and their chance for repentance comes with the raid on a cocaine deal set to go down in three days. All of this is narrated and seen in the mind of Kint, played with a fiendish glee by Kevin Spacey, who turns in a well-rounded performance. The rest of the cast also leave lasting impressions: Stephen Baldwin makes a great all-around bad boy, Benicio del Toro is increasingly witty, Kevin Pollack is the ideal picture of gruff and uneasy, and Gabriel Byrne instills in his character a growing sense of unease. But their talents are ultimately cast into a lost cause. &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; manipulates its viewers to the end, taking us where only it wants to go,leaving no room for speculation or thought on the events at hand. It does this by throwing so much at the audience at once that the fear of missing out on something intrical to the overall plot becomes unbearable. In trying to think about what was going on, and watching each scene with full concentration, I almost went mad. In effect, the ending to Christopher McQuarrie's screenplay has little impact. You will be surprised at the movie's final turn of events, but the material prior to it lacks enough interest or even coherence to give the twist any logical sense. To me, the ending seems more like a blind leap towards greatness than a satisfying payoff to the film's convoluted script. Many will disagree with my thoughts on &quot;The Usual Suspects,&quot; and some may even recommend watching it twice to understand the film's twists. I did, and came up short both times. Aspirations of greatness are evident throughout the plot, but they amount to little more than just aspirations. As much as I wanted to understand the central story, I can't forgive a film that throws so much into the pot that the soup is too thick to thin out again.
B00005A46T|5.0|holy........... this is one of the best cds ive herd in a while, i loved the first cd, and Iowa is more of what i loved about the first one, go get this cd, u definetly won't regret it. oh, but i wudnt buy this cd if ur into alternative music, or that soft stuff, but if u like it as hard as it gets(with a few exceptions), BUY THIS CD, NOW!!
B0000296PV|5.0|&quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is the brilliant movie adopted from the best-selling book by Michael Crichton (and where the more or less equal sequels that were spawned from this).<BR>Paleonlogists (Sam Neill, Laura Dern) are coerced into journeying with an ambitious enterpreneur Dr. John Hammond (John Hammond) and reluctant Ian (Jeff Goldblum) to visit his dinosaur park, with real dinosaurs cloned from preserved DNA. But, complications arise when fat traitor (Wayne Knight) switches off the security and phones off to retrieve samples of DNA to the owner of a rival who wants to make his own dinosaur land, not knowing that the dinosaurs break loose and wreck havoc.<BR>So far, in my opinion, this is one of THE best dinosaur movies ever made. Really. The main and supporting cast are terrific and the movie doesn't feel like a cheap thrill ride, but with genuine suspense and harrowing escapes. The animatronics come to life superbly as the raptors, the tyrannosaurus and the other dinosaurs.<BR>As far as I'm concerned, this movie should have won than just three Oscars for the technical stuff. Sam Neill and Laura Dern should have snagged the Best Actor and Actress awards and Spielberg should have the won the Best Director award (but he did win an Oscar for the historically accurate &quot;Schindler's List&quot;). Everything in the movie is creative, spellbinding, supenseful, and terrifying. The latter work on the two sequels prove less than superb, though.<BR>Rated PG-13 for terror violence/gore and for language.
B00005A46T|5.0|For everyone out there that thought Slipknot was just some band that would have it's 15 minutes of fame and then just fade away, think again. And for everyone that hoped Slipknot would fail miserably on their 2nd album and lose their popularity, be afraid. Be very afraid. These guys not only avoided the sophmore slump, but they just got a lot better. IOWA is so much better than their debut that it's just plain scary. These guys have fine tuned their songwriting and playing skills and they sound better than ever. It's impossible to listen to IOWA and not have songs like &quot;Left Behind&quot;, &quot;The Heretic Anthem&quot;, &quot;I Am Hated&quot; and &quot;Everything Ends&quot; stuck in your head all day long. They don't sound like 9 instruments all trying to outdo each other, but rather they sound like a band who has figured out how to blend the 9 strenghts of each member into a brutally heavy sonic assault. The songs on IOWA flow much better and seem to have more structure than the debut. These guys aren't going away any time soon. In fact, I still don't think they've reached their peak potential. They're only getting bigger and better with each album. Get ready people, Slipknot has returned. They're not just about masks and costumes anymore. Much like Adam Sandler's famous line in Happy Gilmore, &quot;Happy learned to putt!&quot;, Slipknot learned to write songs! Good songs; scary good songs. Be afraid.
B000002IZ4|5.0|This is the best album by any band, as far as i am concerned. I can listen to it all the way through without getting tired of it. STP frontman Scott Wieland seems to have grown musicly in &quot;Purple&quot;, while guitarist Dean DeLeo continues to write incredible guitar riffs. The classic singe &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; is a smashing number with killer guitar chops and well thought out lyrics. The ballad &quot;Still Remains&quot; is chock-full of spirit and emotion, while &quot;Silvergun Superman&quot; is equally chock-full of raw energy. STP hit the nail on the head with this album, and created the &quot;STP&quot; sound we know very well today, it is extremely original. To me this album is surpassed only by legendary albums II by Led Zeppelin and The Wall by Pink Floyd.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This soundtrack is awesome. WOW!! Ewan McGregor's voice is amazing, unbelievable, wonderful , fantastic, sexy. It sends chills up and down my spine. What a talent!! Nicole also surprises with talent for song. I just absolutely loved the movie - very unique , innovative and imaginative versus the old standard boring formula always forced upon us by the Hollywood machine. Thank God for Baz Luhrman!!!<BR>This CD is amazing. BUY IT!
B000002UKS|5.0|To all of those who beleive Foo Fighters is a Nirvanna spin-off: you are dead wrong. Incase you didn't know b4, David Ghrol (FF lead singer and guitarist) was the drummer for Nirvana, hence why he wrote &quot;There Goes My Hero&quot;... a tribute to his former bandmate and frontman, Kurt Cobain. The style of FF is very similar to Nirvana... but that is because 1/3 of FF was also 1/3 of Nirvana, that 1/3 being David. He was in part responsible for the music of Nirvana, therefore it is reasonable that he carries over his style. So Nirvana lovers- look toward FF with open arms. Sure, it isn't the same without Kurt, but why not support his bandmate? By the way- this is a damn good CD. Take it from me- the guy who loves Nirvana.
B00005K3O4|5.0|This DVD is excellent. My only complaints are as follows:<BR>1. The audio on the theme song seems to drop out a little during the title sequence, but I'm sure this is due to the age of the print used.<BR>2. No Dickies Video! My original Media VHS had the Dickies Video at the end of the tape.<BR>Other than these two small problems, I don't see how any fan could be disappointed in this DVD. Picture quality is great, and the deleted scenes, commentary, and bloopers all add up to an evening of Killer Fun!!!<BR>Buy this now! You will NOT regret it!!!
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I went into the theater to see shrek with my father and little sister. I was hesitant to go, becuase it simply looked like another little kids movie. I am 14, and a huge movie buff. I LOVED IT. I see just about every movie that comes out every week of the year, and so far this is #1 on my list, and I'm willign to bet that it will make it into my top 5 at the end of the year. The character development is amazing for an animated film, and takes on such detail and feeling that you feel almost like shrek and his donkey are you and your best friend. It's a relationship between 2 characters ala &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot;. Also, the humor is simply put, in great taste. IT doesnt have a few jokes that make your sides hurt, and then let you sit there the rest of the movie wishing that yo wouldnt have paid. NO! Shrek is filled with non-stop, light hearted, good taste humor. I reccommend this movies to anyone looking for a good laugh, great time, and just some time with the family.....Or possibly even alone! :)
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Shrek is the surprisingly clever new computer-animated film from Dreamworks SKG. The story takes place in a land inhabited by classic fairy-tale creatures, who attempt to live by the rules set forth in their respective stories, without being bound by any set plotline. The result is inspired lunacy at it's comedic, and sometimes just plain weird, best. The bad guy is Lord Farquaad, voiced by John Lithgow. He want's to be a king, but to do that, he must marry a princess. Luckily, the land is loaded with eligible wives. For example, there's that one with the mean stepsisters, and then there's that chick who hangs out with those seven little men. Whom shall he choose? Ah, Princess Fiona, voiced by Cameron Diaz, would make a simply beautiful, status enriching bride! Using the most fairy-tale-incorrect methods available, Lord Farquaad then goes about acquiring his lovely throne. As you may have guessed, this is not your typical kiddie film. Shrek has a satirical edge that sets it apart from most other films of it's kind. Lest I forget to mention, the hero of this film is an ogre named Shrek, voiced by Mike Myers, who must pose as a knight to rescue the fair Fiona. Along for the ride is his trusty steed, er, talking donkey, voiced by Eddie Murphy. To top off the surprises, Eddie Murphy has the best character, and his many sarcastic comments of comic relief from silly situations are the biggest laughs in the film. So, in the end, Shrek proves that fairy tales aren't just for kids, and that there's more than one way to live happily ever after.
0385484518|5.0|Wow. If you read one book this year, no matter what your age or profession, this should be it. It reads fast, but is not meant to be sped through. The book flashes back and forth between Mitch in his early days, and Mitch with Morrie, a former teacher of his with whom he has been recently reuinited. Do what I did - keep it near your bed and read only a couple of chapters a night (the chapters are only 2 to 3 pages). There is so much to absorb, you won't want to put it down. I watch Mitch Albom's news show on tv, so it really hit home to read this novel, realize it is a true story, and see the author on tv. Each chapter has you laughing and at times, crying. Either way, it will have you &quot;relating&quot;...and remains one of the best all-time books of our time and any generation.
B00000K0E5|5.0|&quot;GoldenEye&quot; is a must-see action/adventure film that combines a legend with a great script, wonderful cast and a spectacular director. First, Piere Brosnan is a great Bond compared to the others and even gets 1st place on my list. He's great as 007! Sean Connery was excellent also. Roger Moore and Timothy Dutton were good, but not great. As you know, Pierce Brosnan (&quot;The Lawnmower Man&quot;, &quot;Mrs. Doubtfire&quot;, &quot;Dante's Peak&quot;, &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot;, &quot;Grey Owl&quot;) plays the suave, secret 00 agent with a license to kill, James Bond. Bond is out to secure the &quot;GoldenEye&quot;, a mass destruction weapon that wipes out anything with an electronic circuit. A Severnaya work station in Russia was already wiped out by this weapon after everybody being killed by Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen, &quot;Celebrity&quot;, &quot;Deep Rising&quot;, &quot;Rounders&quot;, &quot;The Faculty&quot;, and in the upcoming &quot;Don't Say A Word&quot;) and General Ouromov who work for the double-crossing, evil-turned villain, agent 006, Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean, &quot;Patriot Games&quot;, &quot;Don't Say A Word&quot;) who wants to use the Goldeneye with the help of a Severnaya level 1 programmer, Boris Grishenko (Alan Cumming, TV's &quot;God, The Devil and Bob&quot;, &quot;Josie and the Pussycats&quot;,&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;, &quot;The Anniversary Party&quot;). Bond, who gets help from a Severnaya level 2 programmer Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco)learns about the weapon and how it can be stopped. With lives and money at stake, Bond must rush to obtain the GoldenEye and must prevent it from being used to destroy electronic files. Joe Don Baker and Robbie Coltrane co-star. Martin Campbell directs a great cast into the new century of Bond films.&quot;GoldenEye&quot; is truly the best Bond yet. Also, 'M' is now a lady and is played by Dame Judi Dench (&quot;Mrs. Brown&quot;, &quot;Chocolat&quot;).
B00005JKPF|5.0|&quot;X-Men 2&quot; will be an excellent film because of all the great elements in the first one. Bryan Singer will continue his great success with this and the cast will also. Everybody is returning and hopefully, we'll get to see new faces such as the faces of young X-Men (Jubilee, Shadowcat, Pyro, Vanisher, Blob, Iceman). This movies is definently worth 5 stars because it will feature the war that has been anticipated for eternity! I can't wait for the late 2002 release of the upcoming blockbuster! I'll be ready for the war and the cast will to. It will be excellent if the director put in more bad guys also such as Juggernaut, Exodus, Sentinel, Omega Red, The Dark Phoenix or other classic Marvel baddies. I hope this will be a better than top-notch film. I'll be expecting my money's worth in 2002!
B00003CX8J|5.0|X-Men is a great movie to have on DVD. It's comic-book base, cast, and director is great. First, you have the X-Men, which rules the Marvel world with its great comics, cards and tv-show. Second, you have a great, one-of-a-kind director, Bryan Singer (&quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;). Third, you have an all-star cast!! Hugh Jackman (&quot;Someone Like You&quot;, &quot;Swordfish&quot;) plays Logan (Wolverine), a mutant with the power of atimantium claws coming out of his fists. Wolverine is a traveler who gets guided to a place where mutants are regulars lead by Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart, &quot;Star Trek: The Next Generation&quot;, &quot;Conspiracy Theory&quot;). You also have Cyclops (Scott Summers, James Marsden, &quot;Disturbing Behavior&quot;, &quot;Gossip&quot;, &quot;Sugar and Spice&quot;) who has the power of a laser beam coming out of his eyes and Storm (Ororo Munroe, Halle Berry, &quot;Baps&quot;, &quot;Swordfish&quot;)Anna Paquin (&quot;Fly Away Home&quot;) ignites the screen also as Rogue (Marie) who discovered that she has very a sensitive touch. Famke Janssen plays Dr. Jean Grey whos boyfriend is Scott Summers. She had the power of telepathy and telekinetics (the same as Xavier). All the X-Men gather to fight the evil Magento (Ian McKellen, &quot;Gods and Monsters&quot;). Magneto plans to change the form of humans into mutants by powering a large device on the Statue of Liberty to spread upong the inside of New York City. Magneto has Sabertooth (Tyler Mane), Toad (Ray Park, &quot;Star Wars: Episode I: The Phantom Menace&quot;) and Mystique (Rebecca Romijn-Stamos). Bruce Davison (&quot;crazy/beautiful&quot;) plays Senator Kelly who believes in abolishing mutants. Matthew Sharp plays Henry Gyrich and there are some X-Men who don't have starring roles in this film, but probably will have soon. Here are some: Jubilee, Shadowcat, Pyro, Iceman, the Blob, and the Vanisher all appear in &quot;X-Men&quot; as well. This film is great and wonderfullyacted. The script is superb and the directing is top-notch. &quot;X-Men&quot; brings you everything and more. The special effects are incredible and the illuminating plot is definently an A+. &quot;X-Men&quot; is a blockbuster hit and 20th Century Fox was the perfect company for it. Finally, the Blockbuster is here. Of course, we are all anticipating the 2002 release of &quot;X-Men 2&quot; also being directed by Bryan Singer. For now, enjoy the action and adventure of &quot;X-Men&quot;.
B0000048X8|1.0|This is director Lawrence Kasdan's rip-off of John Sayles' far superior, \\"The Return of the Secaucus Seven.\\" The plot of \\"The Big Chill\\" concerns a bunch of college friends who meet many years later to attend the funeral of a friend who committed suicide. Kevin Costner, the dead friend, had virtually all of his scenes cut. Lucky Kevin!<br />Most of the film is spent having these shallow yuppies complain how unhappy and disappointed they were with how their lives turned out. I guess the screenwriters thought that showing them videotaping one another revealing their inner thoughts was a cool and innovative idea. I found it banal and self-indulgent. One of the female friends desperately wants a child. She not only comes upon a \\"brilliant\\" way to solve her problem, but also manages to find a way \\"to keep it all in the family.\\" Woody Allen and Mia Farrow have a similar dilemma in \\"Hannah And Her Sisters,\\" but attempt to solve it in that film in a far more poignant and humorous way.<br />If you must rent \\"The Big Chill,\\" see it for Glenn Close's subtle performance and for the great 1960's sound track. Even Marvin Gaye's great rendition of \\"I Heard It Through The Grapevine\\" cannot be ruined by this film.
B000009QOC|5.0|While most Danzig fans feel that the first self-titled album is his best post misfits/samhain work, i've always had to give &quot;Lucifuge&quot; the slight edge...its just a more coherent work, with more blues influence and the feel of some voodoo infested Louisina swamp. Its heavy, brooding, and definitely has (dark) soul. Songs like &quot;Killer Wolf&quot; and &quot;Pain in the World&quot; slow down the tempo while losing none of the heaviness, while other tracks like &quot;Long Way Back From Hell&quot; and  &quot;Snakes of Christ&quot; show that he's still capable of rocking in that Sabbath-esque way so prominently displayed on the first release. The real standouts here start off the second half of the album. &quot;Devil's Plaything&quot; begins beautifully and then evolves into an ominous, powerful rocker, while &quot;777&quot; displays an evil blues sound that you don't hear much from metal acts. Its probably one of my all-time favorite Danzig songs. &quot;Blood and Tears&quot; is almost like a '50's ballad, and its great. Glenn can really sing, and his vocal range is on full display here. Don't get me wrong, the first one's awesome, but in my opinion, the third incarnation of GD's dark vision reached its peak with this album.
0780628551|3.0|This movie is a story about human impregnation by aliens. As other reviewers have pointed out, the subject has been covered in one form or another elsewhere. Though I've seen most of those movies, I was interested in the supernatrual aspects of the subject which weren't always examined in the other movies of this type.<BR>And I was disappointed. The movie has interesting plot twists, but they're not developed. They all constribute to a stressful but uncertain dramatic irony. The viewer is compelled to make guesses about who really knows what, and can't make a good conclusion about what any of the shallowly-played characters really understands. Or wants.<BR>I found the editing distracting; scenes in the middle of the night would end without climax at an edit finding both characters suddenly thrust into daylight.<BR>The Astronaut's Wife is a great story, but I found the execution lacking. If the story resolved more edits, and paid more attention to the interaction between the characters to help build more certainty into the viewer's sense of the characters' awareness, I would have been happier.<BR>The video quality and sound quality are both enjoyable, though not too outstanding. The darker video content really fits the subject, and helps draw the viewer into the movie--which is a huge asset, since the marginal acting by both Depp and Theron won't. The sound had great presence, but I didn't find the movie an auditory feast.
B00005LMBK|2.0|This album is supposed to be some sort of parody, but I never understood it and neither does anyone I know . The sad thing is people i know think is great music when the musicians themselves know its just a experimental form .The only reason this isn't 1 star is because of its originalness at least they tried
B00005LB50|5.0|Well after all this time, Rhino has finally released what Springfield fans have been craving for the last decade... a box set by America's greatest rock band. Too broad a claim? I'm prepared to stand by it. The Springfield were only together for a little over two years, but in that time they managed to produce a repertoire of original music that encompassed blues, country, psychedelic, folk and rock'n'roll (both classic and modern) all played with authority, verve and originality. <br />Of course, the group spawned three dynamic singer/songwriters who would later achieve greater fame -- Steve Stills, Neil Young and Richie Furay. But in my opinion, only Young was ever able to improve on anything he did with his previous group. While Stills (with CSN) and Furay (with Poco) created decades of great music, their individual masterpieces can all be found on these CDs-- \\"For What it's Worth\\", \\"Bluebird\\", \\"A Child's Claim to Fame\\", \\"Rock'n'Roll Woman\\" and \\"Kind Woman\\"... classic songs that have withstood the test of time and sound just as fresh today as they did in 1967-68.<br />But if you're a fan you know all this and you've heard these songs already. So why get this box set? Well, I can't argue that it's a great value for the money, what with its superfluous \\"bonus\\" cd. (Thanks, Rhino!) And the godawful yellow cover and poorly designed single-page inserts certainly aren't going to win first place in any upcoming design contests. The artwork here is downright gecko (though the \\"scrapbook\\" styled booklet makes up for this with great photos and quotes.)<br />But the music! Unfathomably good. Put disc four away, focus on the the first three and listen to the development of a true American legend. True fans of the group will want this set specifically for the splendid outtakes that were unearthed for this compilation. Quite a few are demos that show how just talented the individuals who wrote them are (i.e. they sound great without any backing tracks, studio trickery or complex vocal arrangements). Others are completed or near-completed songs. The best is Young's \\"Down, Down, Down\\", a precursor to both the Springfield's \\"Broken Arrow\\" and CSNY's \\"Country Girl\\". The version featuring the entire band was a revelation to me, as it features interchanging vocal parts (Furay and Young), strong harmonies and a very progressive instrumental track for late 1966. Other newfound treasures are \\"No Sun Today\\" (maybe the only song they ever recorded from a writer outside the group), Neil's \\"Whatever Happened to Saturday Night\\" (again sung by Richie) and Stephen's original (much different) demo of \\"Hung Upside Down\\". Some of the other outtakes have already been available to fans off of a bootleg known as STAMPEDE. It's great to finally hear these tracks in remastered form, although the takes of \\"My Kind of Love\\" and \\"We'll See\\", both amazing songs, sound rushed compared to their Stampede! counterparts. (\\"My Kind of Love\\" is a different version than the earlier STAMPEDE take. \\"We'll See\\" is the same track as the boot, but sounds sped up... perhaps whoever compiled STAMPEDE thought it sounds better slower and a transposed down a key-- I'd have to agree.)<br />No, the nine minute version of \\"Bluebird\\" is not on here (Stills and Young reportedly can't stand it) and there is no live material either (again, Stills & Young didn't feel the quality of the live tapes in their possession was good enough to warrant release.) And they didn't tack on Furay's magnificient \\"In the Hour of Not Quite Rain\\" either.  (Apparently, it was a Furay solo track and therefore not officially the Springfield, even though it was included on their last studio album LAST TIME AROUND.)  So there's a number of things that keep this set from being \\"definitive\\", both musically and from a design standpoint. Yet listening to this set still leaves me overwhelmed that one group of five musicians was able to leave such a legacy over the course of just two years and two months. This is the greatest American rock music of all time, and that alone merits a five-star rating.
B00005A46T|1.0|I'm sure the kids will love this garbage. These weenies are trying so hard to be &quot;dangerous&quot; and &quot;evil&quot; it becomes laughable. Yea, if you the f-word a zillion times it makes you real scary. They basically re-hashed the first album with the same guitar riffs, lyrics and drumming. One indistinguishable song after another. It's basically the same thing you hear from Mudvayne, Soulfly and countless other nu-metal bands. Sleepknot sucks.
B00000064G|5.0|i was driving back from yosemite with a friend and he popped this in the cd player. i don't think i was ready for this cd. not many albums can conjure the emotion that nick pours out in this album. i'd had some rough months up until this trip. the songs didn't make me sad(i already was), instead i felt a kind of comfort in the grief that i had been feeling. it made me feel not alone in this world.<BR>call all this sappy if you want. that is your right. but i think anyone who can conjure up such emotion with voice and simple acoustic guitar has tapped into something deeper. i've heard his other albums, but like the purity of this one. its raw, haunting, heavy, simple, sad, powerful and a tribute to the complexity of us all.
B000001DVD|5.0|This Mutt Lange produced album is the roughest album beside &quot;On Through The Night&quot;,yet it is the most melodic and hard rocking Def Lep offering and shows that Joe Elliots' singing was not just studio trickery. He has a strange growl to his voice that I don't hear on the other albums. Steve Clark and Bruce Willis's dual guitar riffs are reminiscent of Thin Lizzy and Riot. The opening riffs of &quot;Let It Go', &quot;Bringin on the Heartbreak&quot; &quot;Lady Strange&quot; and &quot;Mirror Mirror&quot; will instantly be embedded into your memory bank. &quot;High and Dry&quot; was voted on VH1's Rockshow to be the best drinking song of all time and I must agree. This is an excellent place to start of you are a new Def Lep fan.
B00004WI59|5.0|Philadelphia Story is one of my favorite movies ever! Tracy Lord was written with Hepburn in mind and from the opening scene, in which she is knocked down (literally) by Cary Grant until the happily-ever-after all over again ending, the sparks fly. Stewart plays a reporter who falls in lust with her, and between these three gems of the silver screen (Hepburn, Grant, and Stewart) there is little to complain about in this movie. I only wish I knew more about the young lady who plays Tracy Lord's young sister, Dinah.
6305827079|1.0|In this new 2001 version of &quot;Elvis That's the Way it Is&quot;, a true Elvis fan cannot help but be bitterly disappointed by the array of disjointed and cut-up &quot;outtakes&quot; that this movie represents. The original movie fully captured the essence of the Elvis era, and the excitement that fans felt in anticipating and experiencing an Elvis performance. The original has a coherent flow from pre-stage preparations to wonderful full versions of his stage performance. This new version is a hodge podge of his worst moments with the majority of the quality cut out. The stage performance is bleak with emphasis on the &quot;hamming it up&quot; moments rather than hearing his awesome full length performances. Even &quot;Bridge Over Trouble Water&quot; is sliced out. With the exception of the novelty of seeing a few new pieces of footage (however poor they maybe), the Original version in my prediction will become a &quot;cult&quot; classic with this later version taking a place on the back shelf.
B00004HYLF|5.0|Romantic Warrior, for me, is THE fusion masterpiece. I can't see how it wouldn't appeal to any rock or jazz fan; take one listen and you'll be hooked --- it really doesn't take any warming up to. Every second of this compilation is great, and in my opinion RTF never before or again lived up to this one. Chick Corea - Lenny White - Al Dimeola - Stanley Clark; they ought to be household names. Every one who knows fusion knows the greatness of each of those guys individually. On Romantic Warrior, they used the Vulcan mind-meld to produce the most intricate of music, and yet tight, coherent, and flowing. Popular jazz press often cites Miles Davis as the fusion originator --- that may be true, but Davis never approached the heights of this group. It is too bad that this ought to be some of the defining music of the '70's, but I fear that it will be lost to obscurity one day.
0380729407|5.0|No one has ever written better about the enchantment of childhood than did Ray Bradbury in Dandelion Wine. Its a book that's all about the bright possibilities of youth, when the whole world seems magical. With Something Wicked This Way Comes, he looks at the flip side, how as we get older we discover that evil exists in the world too, and not just that it exists but that it is alluring, to us and all those around us.<br />It's 1929, in Green Town, Illinois, and Jim Nightshade and William Halloway are thirteen, right on the traditional cusp of manhood. They are still boys when the dark carnival, Cooger &amp; Dark's Pandemonium Shadow Show, comes to town, but by the time it leaves they'll have grown up, for Mr. Dark, ringleader of the carnival, offers people their deepest darkest desires in exchange for their souls. Many of the townfolk, including Will's own father will be seduced by the offer of a return to youth, while Jim will find the offer of growing up fast irresistible. But Will can see what's going on and first saves his father and then the two of them fight to save Jim and the town. This book is thrilling, scary, and, most important, wise in the ways of man. Bradbury well understands that evil is such a powerful force not because it is so awful, but because it is so attractive. The people of Green Town aren't necessarily bad people, but in their willingness to exchange their very souls for an easy chance to be something that they are not, they head down the path of evil. What Mr. Dark is offering is unnatural in the strictest sense of the word, it violates the laws of nature, and Will's struggle against him is truly heroic, maybe even Biblical. You'll not often hear him listed among the great American authors, but with this book, Dandelion Wine, and Fahrenheit 451 to his credit, Ray Bradbury may deserve at least a mention.<br />GRADE : A
0440234743|4.0|The realism, though stylized and delightfully contrived and slightly melodramatic, is palpable. Greed overcomes a pack of very human lawyers and their respective clients, the heirs of a billionaire who executes a will bequeathing them a fortune, then moments later commits suicide on video tape. Immediately the spending begins as the assembly of losers sped their newfound wealth.<BR>Not so fat, there is a twist and turn, and finally, another heir deep in the wetlands of Brazil, an humble missionary, and the protagonist, a fallen attorney, facing tax evasion charges and his own demons with drugs and alcohol, is dispatched to find her.<BR>This he does with great adventure an some truly hilarious narrative. Thereafter, many of the chapters are predictable and the outcome slowly becomes foreseeable, too. It is a slight disappointment, however the fireworks and delightful legal wrangling keep the pages turning.<BR>What is troubling with this novel is some of the glaring errors about litigation and other routine facts that I wonder if are included by editors and not the author who of course, is a lawyer himself. Despite the inaccuracies, this book is a joy to read and quite exciting as well as humorous.<BR>There is at points, a heavy handed religious subplot that gets somewhat maudlin and is also over sanitized as not to, I assume, offend any specific denomination, but it belongs in the story and is palatable in this context.<BR>A good, fast read, well written and extremely entertaining, the author had his groove back!
0446677450|2.0|While this is a pleasant book, the stories are not exactly believable, a little longer than they need to be, and not necessarily applicable to most people's real life.<BR>There are better financial management books, real estate books, and 'life philosophy' books.
0441172717|5.0|I'm still reeling from the spell that Herbert wove! I have not felt so strong about a book since I read Orson Scott Card's &quot;Xenocide&quot; . Incredible.<br />This is a layered book: The tensions between the royal houses; the tensions between the houses and the Spice Guild; the tensions between the patriarch and the shadow matriarchy of the Bene Gesserits. You you are looking at a real world!<br />In fact, this book is AS complex as &quot;Lord of the Rings,&quot; but does not have Tolkien's archaic quasi-Middle English. Herbert's prose is smooth. The only down side is that I had to return to the index to check on the unfamiliar words. I'm glad Herbert put that index in there: although they are humans, this is an alien world and an alien culture.<br />Herbert's genius is, however, his ability to meld Sci-Fi and Fantasy into that rare elixir of &quot;Sci-Fant.&quot; Look at &quot;Star Wars&quot; and the Force, or even Ghostbusters where you catch ghosts not by magic but by technology. Chief among the fantasy elements is the Melange, the Spice, the macguffen. Another element is the Bene Gesserit &quot;witches,&quot; that secretly are controlling the destiny of humanity.<br />The milieu is a marble cake of Mid-east cultures: Judaism messiah, Islam's jihad, Christianity's Bible. But the wild card is the mideval royal families, or &quot;houses&quot; (Pharaoh=&quot;Great House&quot;)that compose the main political force. Then the Spice Guild jockeying for their power. Most authors would stumble and crumble by trying to wangle in such diverse milieus, but Herbert scores yet another touchdown!<br />The protagonist is Paul Atreides, a cross between Luke Skywalker and Ender Wiggam. We are lead along as he grows to understand his destiny as the messiah of Dune. In a sense, we are Paul Atreites as we work out our calling and mission in life.<br />Four final observations:<br />1) This book is a great study for fans of &quot;The Hero With A Thousand Faces.&quot;<br />2) The only draw-back with the book is that it is very serious. There is not a lot of humor, or wise-cracking, even with Gurney, the troubador-soldier. The closest thing to a jock is Duncan Idaho's name. 3) I got thirsty reading this book.<br />4) Don't let the 1984 movie adaptation deter you. Use it as an overview to one of Science Fiction's greatest books.h the book is that it is very serious. There is not a lot of humor, or wise-cracking, even with Gurney, the troubador-soldier. The closest thing to a jock is Duncan Idaho's name. 3) I got thirsty reading this book.<BR>4) Don't let the 1984 movie adaptation deter you. Use it as an overview to one of Science Fiction's greatest books.
B00003CXSP|2.0|Once again Ridley covers all the bases.<BR>&lt;YAWN&gt;<BR>I'd heard Demme passed on this project, but I couldn't figure out why (Hopkins? Moore?) until I saw the Hannibal DVD package. Once again Dino De Laurentis rises from the ashes. True to form he picks the most successful mediocrity of his generation to direct, and here we are.<BR>This movie is tediously predictable, void of any sense of character (beyond Hopkins, who seems to be having fun). It goes like this: Julianne Moore is persecuted; Ray Liotta is her evil boss; Hopkins is Evil and Charming; Act II is set in Florence with an Italian policeman. &lt;YAWN&gt; In other words a typical Scott production. I wish he would stop making movies and take up macrame or something.<BR>And it comes with a supplimentary package (all that &quot;making of&quot; nonsense) that is even more contrived than the movie: lot's of ass-kissing PR with Make-Up and SPFX guys who just loved working with Ridley &quot;because he's so visual&quot;; Dino (De Laurentis, not the dog from &quot;Flintstones&quot;) and Grand-daughter doing their spin. It isn't documentation, it's just a press-package -- as fake and worthless as the movie itself.<BR>And then there's the Director's commentary and &quot;deleated scenes&quot;: sure enough, anything resembling character was deleated. Ridley, clearly suffering from ADS, clipped them all to &quot;move the story forward&quot;. I don't see why he bothered, unless he just wanted the damn thing over with.<BR>Hard to believe this is the man who made Bladerunner. One thing you'l get from this DVD is a sense of how hopeless the future of Hollywood is.<BR>Hannibal LOOKS, FEELS, CUTS LIKE, and SOUNDS like all the other stuff the Scott Bros  deliver.  And it's copmpletely forgettable. <BR>I wish Steven Sonderberg had directed this movie. AT least then it might've looked interesting.<BR>Why TWO stars and not one? Well, it's in FOCUS most of the time.
B00005BJPO|4.0|I had never seen it before, but ordered it off legend alone and was not disappointed, the sound was excellent, and the extras were sensational, but the sweetest thing about it is the crispy metal case it comes in!
0780020685|5.0|Seriously. While Kane has the pyrotechnics of genius to sustain it, Samurai has craftsmanship and maturity. And it's Samurai that wins out.<BR>Kurasawa crafts a film full of characters (and character), adventure, action, and ultimately irony. Many of it's components have been stolen (oopps, &quot;homaged&quot;) for later films, but in Samurai they still resonate: the battle in the rain; the cheering of the defenders; Mifune &quot;want to watch, bring money!&quot;; and the poetically ambiguous ending.<br />I've seen it six or seven times, and will continue to see it until the day I die. This is the one.<BR>DVD sound and picture are fine. The accompanying commentary is by an academic -- and sounds like it. Interesting though.<BR>Bottom line:<BR>A bargain at twice the price.
B000000WCV|5.0|This album is out of site, the can be robots, mutants, whatever the hell they want, as long as Daft Punk keeps putting stuff like this out I will be all about it! From front to back this album is a marvel, you will not be disappointed.
B0000508U6|5.0|\\"How much do I love this album?\\" Well, it would be pretty easy to tell, considering that I utter that phrase every time the last track ends and I reach once again for the play button. I usually like to think of myself as one of the jaded masses. I will most likely tune out when the conversation turns to bands and singers active after the early 70's, and I will quietly refuse to call anything music if it was produced and released during the years since I was born. I will admit that I hate most modern forms of entertainment, and would rather drown myself in classic rock than be painfully smothered by bubblegum pop. Perhaps it is all part of my image; there are some forms of expression that my cynical nature and pessimistic mentality just will not take. Enter: Coldplay.<BR>While this British foursome is quickly gaining popularity in the states, it would have never wormed its way into even my subconscious mind, as I always pass by the new-release shelves at Tower Records, had I not spent three weeks in England this summer during which I heard bits and pieces of singles, and was pestered repeatedly by friends to buy the album. Coldplay formed at the University of London in 1998 and released several EP's (independently and with moderate press coverage) before signing with a UK record company and recording this album, which is fairly new overseas (it came out last summer) as well as here. Coldplay's appeal is not what they are saying, but how they are saying it. One glance at the lyrics of Parachutes (which are not printed in the CD booklet but can be found on several online sites dedicated to the band) will reveal nothing of great innovation and little of profound importance. \\"I awake to find no peace of mind/I said `how do you live as a fugitive?'/Down here, where I cannot see so clear/I said `what do I know?'/Show me the right way to go.\\" This sample from the third track entitled \\"Spies\\" shows clearly that this is the classic \\"paranoia\\" song that, it seems, must appearsomewhere among the first few albums of every modern band. Most bands, however, find their solid foundation not in words but in notes, and experiencing Coldplay is experiencing good music in its purest form. Listen to the beginning of \\"Spies\\" and you will hear an eerie sound, like that of a siren, overlapped by a few low strums of the guitar before the lead singer, Chris Martin, takes over. Martin's voice is pleasantly versatile. He is able to go from lower to higher notes without strain, and never does he become too threatening or too gentle; he always has an edge. Coldplay's second single, \\"Yellow,\\" displays the beautiful melodies of guitarist Jon Buckland as well as the slightly harder rock undertones of bassist Guy Berryman. I was introduced to the band through this single, which I immediately loved since it is named after my favorite color, and so was the American public. Listen to the first few notes and you will immediately begin to wonder where you have heard it before; listen to the whole song and you will never stop hearing it inside your own head.<BR>Coldplay's small masterpiece, the song \\"Parachutes,\\" for which the album was named, is, unfortunately but also perfectly, only forty-five seconds long. I would almost be tempted to call it an \\"inter-song,\\" written only to conveniently fill up space between two real songs, were it not so haunting. Sung against the rich, folksy backdrop of a raspy acoustic guitar is this simple poem: \\"In a haze, a stormy haze/I'll be `round, I'll be loving you always/always...Here I am and I'll take my time/Here I am and I'll wait in line always/always.\\" You may spend way too much time wondering why it is called \\"Parachutes,\\" but instead, why not just enjoy it? That goes for the entire album itself, as well as the song.
B000000FG8|5.0|If you like SKA/Punk this is one of the landmark albums that everyone needs to own. There is not a bad track on this disc and to be quite honest its one of those discs that everyone knows, loves and all sing along! You won't regret getting this gem!
B00003CXZ4|5.0|The most original movie that has come out this year. Well acted. The beginning is the end. The end is ..... I'm not going to give that away. It leaves you thinking. Such a rare feat in movies today. Definitely worth a look.
B00004Z459|4.0|Personally,i don't think Linkin Park is a clone of Papa Roach or anybody. I haven't heard songs like theirs well ever. Papa Roach screams, and linkin park talks! They have great rythms and they aren't sell outs like papa roach, blink-182, and Sum41.<BR>But thats my opinion!
B00005NNMJ|5.0|This was one of the great metal albums of the 80s &amp; now it sounds better than ever. What a great idea to remaster this! It sounds killer &amp; the packaging is nice too. The two bonus tracks are from the live EP Kaizoiku Ban (?; pardon my spelling) &amp; shows just how great a live band they were as well. Pity I never got to see them. Let's hope they do justice to Restless &amp; Wild &amp; Metal Heart as well with an updated remaster.
B0000026WD|4.0|this album is very good it is the best bacause the songs are cool
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Evil Dead - truly one of the best horror films ever made. This was the first horror film I ever watched, and what an excellent movie to start me off in the genre. The ample use of sudden scares and gore, with a creepy ambience that makes it seem at first that the movie will be a lot cheesier than it is, makes Evil Dead one of the best horror movies ever. When it starts, the grainy quality of the film hints that it might just be another horrible slasher film from the 70's or 80's, but Evil Dead transcends that and comes out to be a true classic, leading up to two more great movies, and in this way the Evil Dead trilogy almost mirrors George Romero's zombie trilogy, as far as opinion of the three movies. Watch it now.
B000002J2D|4.0|This album is impressive for it being made by a trio.  It contains one of my favorite Genesis tracks, \\"Burning Rope\\".  Collins drumming is probably at peak form here, but that was not enough to make this album great.  It's good with songs like, \\"Down and Out\\", \\"Many too Many\\", \\"The lady lies\\" & \\"Follow you Follow me\\".  At this point for Genesis, Tony Banks was too dominant, and as good as a song writer as he is they lacked the cohesion that's made Genesis great in the past.  Somehow I think the trio eventually realized the unbalance, and corrected it big time with \\"Duke\\" (which I highly recommend).
B000009ED0|5.0|I own a lot of cd's. This is one of the best cd's (if not the best) that I own. It doesn't matter if you like rock, rap or even country music, this album has a little bit of everything for everyone. The thing I like best about this disk is the fact that you can tell everything that rock is saying is true. There is not one bad song on this album and I would reccomend this for any music fan out there to pick up devil without a cause because it is definitally worth the money that you will be paying for it.
B000000W71|5.0|I bought this because of an in-store play of the song &quot;Seperate Ways&quot;! What passion this guy plays and sings with! It's a good release over all, but I keep coming back to &quot;Seperate Ways&quot;. It's a song that reminds me of the best of the 70's style ballads that went beyond the bubble-gum junk of the era. This has teeth!
0767817486|4.0|Merhaba I am Turkish and I very displeased at this film. I work at Turkish jail and it nothing like in film, we all very nice, there was this guy arrested for being Kurdish, and I break one leg for fun, and then he say, oh please don't break the other one, so I didn't. This is just more propaganda by trouble-making Armenians, they say there was Armenian holocaust, but all those Armenians dont know what they talking about, those 1.5 million people just got lost and the men no ask for directions thats why they disappeared.
B000002L61|5.0|Holy Diver was an excellent debut from Dio, and this album, just a year later, continued to show<BR>Dio at full glory. Still, I think most people would agree that it does fall a bit short of Holy Diver,<BR>but still it ranks very high. The album kicks off with one of heavy metal's top ever openers - We Rock.<BR>And indeed it rocks. This is the classic type of metal opener you'd imagine: fast, furious and it rocks!<BR>Excellent. The title track is next, and is the highlight of the album. The Last In Line for me is one<BR>of Dio's top-3 songs ever, along with Holy Diver and Rainbow In The Dark, both from the previous album.<BR>Everything is perfect about this song, and I think it would be correct to categorize it as something<BR>between Holy Diver and Rainbow In The Dark, great stuff! Breathless is next and is a good metal song,<BR>quite fast, decent chorus, and strong solo's. I Speed At Night has some of metal's best solo's, and<BR>has an extemely cool riff. One Night In The City is a mid-tempo song with some strong riffs, that would<BR>best be compared to 'Shame On The Night' from the previous album (nothing to do with the 'night' though).<BR>Evil Eyes is another short and fast rocker, sort of like Gypsy, with strong lines throughout, very good. Mystery is a ballad, with some good keyboard work by Ronnie himself. Its slow but manages to stay solid.<BR>It reminds you a little of Rainbow In The Dark, but surely not of that caliber. Eat Your Heart Out<BR>is a nice mid-tempo song, with nice solo's by Vivian Campbell, once again.<BR>The closing song is Dio's best ballad - Egypt (The Chains Are On). Its a slow song, but has excellent<BR>crunching riffs, great lyrics, and is a real classic. At the same year Iron Maiden released<BR>'Powerslave' which also deals with the same subject, has roughly the same length, and is also an excellent<BR>song, interesting. In conclusion this is a very solid metal album. Not as good as Holy Diver, because some of the tracks<BR>are just missing that energy crunch that was vivid throughout almost all of Holy Diver.<BR>But its still a must for all Dio fans for sure, and for all serious metallists as well.<BR>Excellent musicanship, and Dio has never reached this level of music ever since.<BR>Highly recommended.
B00004WF68|4.0|i prefer the 2nd, eponymous album but this is a fine debut. sure, some of it may not have dated all that well,-but i think that records MUST be rated according to the standards of their time. the extra singles, which are great, show what a superb and multi-talented band traffic was. this was one of the most talented bands of their era, and quite underrated songwriters- mason and winwood were quite a pair. chris wood was one of the best reed instrumentalists in the history of rock music, and capaldi was a steady and interesting drummer. this is one of the best british psychedelic albums of the era. the follow up was vastly different, few 2nd albums of the time are so profoundly unlike the first. i'd suggest that fans of the 60's as well as those of winwood and mason's other projects pick up this fine debut as well as the traffic and john barleycorn lp's. the third lp, last exit, has a few good tracks but overall its not very consistent. there's plenty of fine songs by this group, but i do feel that the first, second, and fourth lp's are the best.
B000009QOC|5.0|This has to be the greatest work the original Danzig had ever produced. Everything from Glenn's resounding voice, Chuck's crushing drums, Eerie's heavy bass lines, and John's devestating guitar riffs combined together flawlessly to open a portal into a darker world filled with demons, lust, and disdain for light. All while avoiding the trappings that other bands of this vein (snicker) have fallen into. THE must have disc for anyone who has ever had that twinkling of something dark and frightening in their eye.
B000059XYL|3.0|This movie is somewhat based on a girl at the NYC country music small but packed bar Hogs and Hefiers in the Meat District of the West Village where sexy semi nude women dance on the bar and men pack the place to get a look. Piper Perabo is a very attractive songwriter looking to make it in the big city. My only problem is that isshe's from North Jersey. There goes that cliche again where anyone living up to 25 miles outside of Manhattan is moving to the big city. That's like moving from Independence Missouri to Kansas City. It's not that big of a deal especially when you grew up 25 miles away in South Amboy. People commute eveyday on NJ Transit. I'll get past that. (Bruckheimer) repeats a great Flashdance concepct however with too much sappy drama and impauseable messages. Piper needs a job so she makes it on the bar to dance at colt club Coyote Ugly (Hogs and Hefiers) to make ends meet where cute but silly drama take place. Her love interest starts off as a baffoon and continues to be one, taking Pipers sexual advances as she says a sultry \\"Goodbye\\" which really means \\"Let's do it\\". as Goodbye to impress her and be a her perfect guy. Sorry ladies not in this world! This is a fun movie especially for female teenagers as it's story book romance and star oriented goals are felt thouroughly. It's dramatic intensity is as deep as a puddle, while Flashdance had most viewers believing! This movie is sexy without offensive nudity and sex. Piper (Jersey) is really good in her part. John Goodman as Pipers dad plays a sensitive but easy role. You may finish this movie feeling good, or you may take it seriously enough to hate it's pie in the sky predictability. Not everybodys movie!
B00005LMBK|5.0|This CD kicks major a$$, if you thought the &quot;Clint Eastwood&quot; song was good, listen to the song called &quot;19-2000&quot; its great
B000002OX7|5.0|For a blown project, this is one fine record. Thirty years after it's release, it has become to me like Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon - one very long multi-part song. Each song flows (in my mind at least) from one to the other.<BR>I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.<BR>Maybe 5.15, but that's another album.
B00003CXZ1|5.0|After months of different trainigs as: yoga, kick boxing, boxing, gymnastics, bungee ballet etc... and a strict diet with no sugars Angelina Jolie became Lara Croft, she did lots of sacrifices to please us and then she became Lara Croft. She again did a hell of a job! Filling the big screen with sexiness and good acting as always! If you like action, special efects, and the most sexy woman on earth being the hottest cyber babe then you should check out Tomb Raider. Congratulations Angelina Jolie!!!!!
B00000016K|4.0|5 stars for the live tracks, 4 stars for the studio. Spoonful is a religious experience for me. Being left-handed, I am able to track all three solos going on in Spoonful, and it it amazing..
091581112X|5.0|I first came across one of Sanaya Roman's books back in the mid-90's and I remember clearly the first part of the book said, once you begin reading this book, you will never forget it, because it will change your life forever. 'Spiritual Growth', and all her books give you the profound knowledge that everyone already knows, but just needs to remember. These books offer the guidelines to the human mind, body and spirit without the cloud of fear, guilt and submission that religions require. Everything about your life is a choice, and everything in your life is a reflection of you, that you have brought to yourself. Understanding this energy element is the key to taking control of your own life, which is real internal power. Knowing that problems in your life are challenges YOU have created to enable your growth, and if you don't learn from that lesson, you will be stuck in that loop until you do so. By the way, this is not a New Age religion book nor am I a New Ager, this is a book about energy and our place within that energy. Once you have placed yourself in a religion, you have imprisioned and limited your growth as a spiritual being. If someone asks you what you believe in, the answer is simple....\\"Energy\\" After you have read the entire series from Sanaya Roman, you are then ready to take on David Icke and his book \\"Children Of The Matrix\\", who will expand your spiritual consciousness to its breaking point. Remember your true self and realize the only real truth is love, everything else is an illusion.
B00005J6UP|4.0|&quot;the Goonies&quot; is a great flick. It is filled with thrills, chills and laughter. All of the children actors are great. The first time I saw this movie I was rolling with laughter. The DVD is great and the best part is the special features. However, I wish they would've left in the &quot;Octopus&quot; scene, it was great! &quot;The Goonies&quot; is a great movie not to be missed. Kids and adults will love it!
B00002NDNM|5.0|this is an awesome CD.., but I don't understand the Roload plus 2, I thought that I was receiving two CD's., but I received the CD, which is totally awesome, but on the cover the writing was in Japanese, I was apprehensive to open, but courisity got the best of me, it is in English and I am sooooooooooooooo pleased.
B000002UAR|3.0|Sure, I respect the beatles for changing the face of music and all, but the music that they released just doesn't do anything for me... Songs like Yellow Submarine are rubbish... I give The Beatles props for changing music like I said... but I don't like their music... it sounds dated to me... Revolver is the best of the beatles in my opinion, but is still nothing special for me today... Sgt. Pepper is total rubbish...
0790737345|1.0|I love Meg Ryan, and like Nicholas Cage, and wound up renting this movie in the hope of seeing a romantic, lush movie. The movie starts off slow - and then just gets slower. Cage is moody and somewhat one-dimensional, Ryan is great but not enough to carry the picture.<BR>I could have walked away with a good feeling overall if the &quot;twist&quot; at the ending hadn't been ridiculous and frustrating. Who wants to see a movie with an unhappy &amp; depressing ending?<BR>Save your money - and your time.  City of Angels made me wish for a prescription of Prozac.
0380973650|4.0|I loved this book. It's not the BEST I've ever seen, but it's as close as you can get. Typical Gaiman style, though (maybe I've read too many Neil Gaiman books). What's great about this book is that it's detailed, but it's a really easy read! I don't know how he did it but he did. Hard to put the book down.
B0000028M7|5.0|Nearly 10 years (god! Was it that long ago!) since the release of AIC's seminal and compulsive Dirt and the album still retains it's impact. Over the years I've heard many bands try to emulate this album - the harrowing lyrical content, the Sabbath-heavy guitars and jaw-dropping choruses. All so far have not matched the sheer enjoyment of this album, even though it's subject matter touches heroin drug addiction. Along with Superunknown, In Utero and Ten, Dirt defined the Grunge genre. These are still my favourite records in my extensive record collection for which I will always listen to, no matter the musical climate, simply timeless music. All the tracks are worth mentioning:<BR>Them Bones? - What an opening track! Very short and immediately swamps the speakers. Perhaps the most rocking and head-banging friendly AIC song there is. 10/10<BR>Dam That River - Creepy vocals and sludgy sound. The trick ending gets me every time. 8/10<BR>Rain When I Die - I wonder where AIC got their miserable tag from? Well tracks like this are bleak with no light at the end of the tunnel. I love it! 9/10<BR>Down in a Hole - An obvious highpoint, one of the few Dirt tracks to work really well on their MTV Unplugged session. You realize at this point that AIC have made the best album of their career in which they will never top. This album has put me off drugs for life after hearing Layne Stanley's bad experiences. 10/10<BR>Sickman - Irritating on first listen, after repeated plays this gets better. Trust me. Repeat after me - `Sickman, Sickman, Sickman....' 8/10<BR>Rooster - `We've come to snuff the rooster! Yeah!' Another key track along, with Down In A Hole the slow intro builds into an explosive chorus. The music video depicts the horrors of Vietnam to gruesome effect 9/10<BR>Junkhead - One of my favourites, a classic track pure and simple. `What's my drug of choice, well what have you got?' And the unsurprising reply of `I do it a lot!' Really? 10/10<BR>Dirt - The title track lowers the quality control a notch but beats anything off AIC's 1995 self-titled album. 7/10<BR>God Smack - Named after that band? I don't think so, clearly Godsmack were basing their entire career on this album. The metal influences clearly shine through. 8/10<BR>Hate to Feel - A quality track (7/10) but is nothing compared to.......<BR>Angry Chair - This track is amazing! The guitar part compliments Layne's vocals well here. I can never get that stop-start singing in the bridge out of my head after hearing it just once. 10/10<BR>Would? - If I had to name my all-time fav AIC track - this one would be it. Part of the Singles soundtrack and added to Dirt late on, this ends one of the 90s greatest rock albums in some style. 10/10<BR>There you have it. Many references to drugs, AIC's best album (easily) to date and haunting vocal interplay between Cantrell and Stanley - what more do you want from Grunge?
6304493681|3.0|First of all, you should know I'm a bit stingy with the stars; after all,<BR>giving 5 stars (like most other reviewers) requires the movie to be<BR>essentially flawless. Well, there are two problems I have with this<BR>movie. The first is the new-age psycho-babble about souls and so forth,<BR>but this isn't really a problem since the ideas behind the babble are<BR>interesting. This brings me to the movie's second problem - it tries<BR>to hard to be philosophical. Aren't movies supposed to convey ideas<br />through actions, not by long and tedious parts where a character speaks<BR>and explains itself (books can get away with this, but it's very hard<BR>for movies to do so). The third problem is that at the end of the<BR>movie I couldn't care less what happened to the major (the main<BR>character). She is barely human - she doesn't laugh (she smiles once). She doesn't display emotions. She does nothing to make me feel for her -<BR>she doesn't have a past, almost no desires, she only acts because it's<BR>her job - why should I care about such a character? Why not make a<BR>movie about a rock? Or my 586? I remind the movie makers that the characters may be cyborgs, but I'm not Well, I'm not all complaints . . . technically the movie is excellent, I'll<BR>give it that. And it does try. And it's a refreshing change from Hollywood's<BR>intellectually sterile flicks. It has become somewhat of a classic, and<BR>every anime fan owes it to him/herself to view it at least once, but I'm not<BR>spending my money on this one.
B000002IZ4|5.0|After STP's debut Core stormed the charts back in 1992, the band were dismissed as mere Pearl Jam / Nirvana grunge copyists, an inferior version if you will. Personally I thought Core was a cracking album, loud guitars mixed with an ear for a fine melody which compared to today's production line of ready made multi-million sellers like Godsmack, Creed and Staind - now seems ludicrous to think STP were savaged by many critics. It's a good job second album Purple became the band's best release to date as it made all those who weren't impressed with STP when they burst onto the scene eat their words. How could anyone dismiss an album containing songs of Big Empty and Vasoline caliber. Here's a breakdown of each track:<BR>Meatplow: Could easily be a Core outtake, the most `grunge' track here. The sound production is muddy and lacks the charm of the tracks that follow. Still an excellent heavy track though 8/10<BR>Vasoline: The first single and what a storming song! Fast guitar playing and an excellent bridge, great to sing along to. One of the highlights 10/10<BR>Lounge Fly: The weird opening and distinctive guitar line make for one of the most unusual tracks on Purple. Love the acoustic guitars that come in and the beautiful singing by Scott Weiland 9/10<BR>Interstate Love Song: The most well-known track and hit single. It's not hard to see why it became so successful with infectious hooks and a catchy chorus to satisfy the fans. 9/10<BR>Still Remains: The best track on the album in my opinion. Gives me goose bumps just thinking about the fantastic melodies. 10/10<BR>Pretty Penny: Pure acoustic number, harmless enough but the songwriting is top notch 8/10<BR>Silver Gun Superman: When I first heard the album back in '94 this was my fav track. Big rock song and immediate crowd pleaser 9/10<BR>Big Empty: Similar in style to Still Remains, and if I recall taken from on The Crow soundtrack. This track was included at the last minute. Sort of country sounding but in an alternative way of course. 8/10<BR>Unglued: Real rock moment, also in the same mould as Vasoline - fast and repetitive chorus over loud guitars 9/10<BR>Army Ants: The least memorable track, which although great seems lost amongst the good stuff 8/10<BR>Kitchen Ware &amp; Candy Bars: Closing on a quiet and poignant note about being sold down the river. I prefer this to Pretty Penny as it reminds me of Nirvana's Something In The Way with a moving string arrangement playing in the background. 9/10<BR>The hidden track is amusing singing about 12 gracious melodies (as shown on the album's back cover on a cake), played straight-faced giving an indication of the direction taken on some tracks off Tiny Music such as Lady Picture Show. Notice how the track ratings did not drop below 8/10 - that's because EVERY single track is of a high standard - all killer, no filler. Also their biggest selling album which is no surprise really.
6304493681|3.0|First of all, you should know I'm a bit stingy with the stars; after all,<BR>giving 5 stars (like most other reviewers) requires the movie to be<BR>essentially flawless. Well, there are two problems I have with this<BR>movie. The first is the new-age psycho-babble about souls and so forth,<BR>but this isn't really a problem since the ideas behind the babble are<BR>interesting. This brings me to the movie's second problem - it tries<BR>to hard to be philosophical. Aren't movies supposed to convey ideas<br />through actions, not by long and tedious parts where a character speaks<BR>and explains itself (books can get away with this, but it's very hard<BR>for movies to do so). The third problem is that at the end of the<BR>movie I couldn't care less what happened to the major (the main<BR>character). She is barely human - she doesn't laugh (she smiles once). She doesn't display emotions. She does nothing to make me feel for her -<BR>she doesn't have a past, almost no desires, she only acts because it's<BR>her job - why should I care about such a character? Why not make a<BR>movie about a rock? Or my 586? I remind the movie makers that the characters may be cyborgs, but I'm not Well, I'm not all complaints . . . technically the movie is excellent, I'll<BR>give it that. And it does try. And it's a refreshing change from Hollywood's<BR>intellectually sterile flicks. It has become somewhat of a classic, and<BR>every anime fan owes it to him/herself to view it at least once, but I'm not<BR>spending my money on this one.
B00005ABX0|5.0|These 2 albums are great and underrated. startlingly short though, coming in about 25 minutes each. joyous music to warm your spirit
B00005A46T|5.0|This is much heavier, and much deeper than the first. Corey takes hardcore singing to a whole new level. If you loved the first one, then your gonna love this one even more. I cant wait until they come out with the dvd. BUY IT NOW!!!
B00005A46T|1.0|In the 80s extremely talented bands like Metallica, Slayer, Anthrax and in the 90s, Pantera were needed to change the face of metal. Now, a group like Slipknot with their gimmick-ridden noise are able to change metal. I cannot have any respect for a band that vows to never have anything to do with MTV after the &quot;Spit it Out&quot; video was banned, and then as soon as their new disc comes out they're plastered all over it.The guitar distortion on this cd isnt as bad as it was on the self-titled disc, but without it the horrible guitar quality is very evident. The vocals are again extremely bad. When Corey isnt screaming he tries to sing softly and doesnt cut it. Mellow vocals themselves are nothing special if you cant carry a note for more than half of a second, or carry any melody. The bass licks are disturbingly horrible. Paul plucks the same string over and over again on almost every song. The drumming wouldn't be bad if Slipknot had one drummer, but because they have three drummers, they should have some creativity. It seems as though Joey is the only one who even knows how to drum. The other two sound like they are banging on trash cans. I knew that nu-metal was eventually going to die, but I was not expecting a single band to kill it by themselves. I guess all of the maggots will call this review, simply, a &quot;Heretic Anthem&quot;.
B00003CWN3|5.0|After having seen this film, as a law student, I was on the verge of full blown tears. This brave film explores the haunting realities of America. I feel that this film is a must for everyone to see. My compassion goes to all who have suffered under this type of discrimination. This film will hopefully serve as an eternal monument to the bravery of Brandon Teena. I shall not forget.
B000001ESP|4.0|Although this album has some essential Rush favorites, I think this marked the decline of Rush. They went into this pop-rock band, and I truly miss the old Rush. Unfortuanly, they didn't return to their glory days until Diffrent Stages. Anyway, this has some really good tracks, and some not so great tracks. Here's a song by song review:<BR>1.Tom sawyer-This seems to be the really known one. I like it. It's got a nice verse and a weird chorus followed by a masterful 7/8 instrumental break. Nice solo. 5/5<BR>2.Red Barchetta-This one's good for the country side. Nice intro and brilliant mastery of chords. Also, yet another weird time signature for the solo. I think it's 6/4. 5/5<BR>3.YYZ-Perfect! This symbolizes the essence of Rush's instrumental capability. I love the great bass and drum fills, and the eastern-tingled solo still amazes me. Good. 5/5<BR>4.Limelight-The song that got me into Rush. I think we all kmow this one. Very melodic chorus and moody solo. A favorite. 5/5<BR>5.The Camera Eye-Although it is the long epic, it's not excellent. Instead of being epic and full of instrumental wonder, this one seems to be repetitive. Espiecially the 3 and a half minute intro, which seems to be playing the same riff over again. Decent. 3/5<BR>6.Witch Hunt-Boring. Just click the next one. 1/5<BR>7.Vital Signs-Intresting techno feel before techno was invented. This is more reggaish than rock feel. Nice bass line. 4/5<BR>So, this is a decent album. But it shows their decline. Get it though. The 1st four songs are superb.
0767805712|5.0|Probably one of the best films I have ever seen in my life. It has an amazing futeristic view of the world. The movie shows that if you want something bad enough, there is nothing anybody can do to stop you. I own this on DVD, I reccommend this to everybody. I also am sorry for not telling you what the movie was about.
0783235453|1.0|This film takes manipulation to a new level. First of all Speilberg spends the whole first 1 1/2 hour stating and restating the self evident truth that slavery was wrong. O.K so just how guilty is the white audience supposed to feel before enough is enough? Secondly Speilberg evidently has no quams about rewriting history so long as it pushes his P.C. agenda. In reality Adams and the blacks he was defending never met, and they(blacks) never sat foot inside of a courtroom. Another of Speilbergs interesting oversights is that the lead character(i forgot his name) after being set free form the evil shackles of slavery, returned to Africa and and participated in the slave trade. If this trend continues I wonder what goofy bunk he'll try next? Maybe he can remake a &quot;historically accurate&quot; WWII movie where the Japanese won.
B00005A46T|3.0|Slipknot increased the heaviness of their already heavy metal for this album. This can be both a good and bad thing however. In some tracks, like People=Sh*t or The Heretic Anthem, it works. The tracks are awesome...However, a few of the tracks are just too cluttered with noise. Even those few people out there (like me) who call this stuff music will have trouble pulling a tune out of the madness. But hey, overall this is a great album...even though not as good as the first.
B00005A46T|5.0|So much for the sophomore jinx as far as Slipknot is concerned! From the minute I popped this into my cd player and 515 ripped through my speakers, I knew I wasn't going to be disappointed. I'm not saying that Iowa is better than Slipknot's debut, but it's right on par, and with time, I believe it could surpass it. Pure angst ridden, deep and dark emotional music and lyrics fill the cd. And the band has grown and matured visibly since the last album, bt thats definitely not a bad thing in this case!!! You gotta pick this up if you haven't already, 5 stars throughout!!! And don't forget about the new SOAD next week!!!<BR>Peace<BR>MCL
B00005N83M|5.0|I don't have the extra tracks cd. I have the cd with just the 15 tracks.<BR>This is a very hip cd. I wouldn't call it a deep album but a dance/club feel to it. I heard the new song &quot;I'm Real&quot; on the radio and I like that version much better than the one I like on the album.<BR>I love the funky beat on &quot;Play&quot;. The song itself isn't much...about her wanting the DJ to play her song. But as I said, it's a fun dance/club album, as this is a fun dance/club song.<BR>My favorite track on the album is &quot;Ain't It Funny&quot; about a woman loving someone she just shouldn't and couldn't love but how much he changed her life...love the track and hit replay all the time to hear it over again. Another favorite of mine is Secretly...a very quiet and very relaxed track about 'her' wanting someone secretly. Wanting someone and picturing someone but not able to express it to 'him'.<BR>This is one of my favorite albums in today's music. I'm going to rate this a FIVE. I could easily listen to the album all the way through without a problem.
B000008GAC|5.0|this band is definetly one of the best bands to come out of the 80's. they have a solid hard rock feel and remind me of what zeppelin sounded like in there earlier days, especially welcome to the jungle.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Yes, I own this album and no, I'm not ashamed of it. It is a fun album. It is just as good as any other album out there. She is pop/dance...bubble gummy. To me, she has a unique voice. Not to many deep cuts on this album...Stronger would be one (and that's the song which made me want to buy the album) and Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know is another. Where Are You Now is another but so many songs have been of the same subject as WAYN. The majority of the album is a 'young' (define young...it's all up to the listener) album but she is a young lady, I wouldn't expect anything else. I don't see why everything, everyone has to put out, especially earlier stuff have to be deep? This is only her second album, give her time, she's going to be just as good as anyone else that started off young (including yes...Madonna and Whitney and Janet). The reason why I gave it a 4, is because I skip a couple of tracks but that doesn't and shouldn't lead to me giving her less than a 4.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I just love this smart series that HBO has blessed us with. I just cannot get enough of it...the characters are all dramically different in personality, however, they all seem to come together in one bond; friendship. Cannot wait until Season 3 is released!!
B00001QEE9|5.0|Good thing Pinocchio was not the 1st Disney Classic DVD that I bought (it's my 5th), because it would have completely overshadowed the other masterpieces that are in my DVD collection. Disney's 2nd film is a terrific viewing experience, in this 60th Anniversary THX Certified Limited Issue DVD. I hadn't seen Pinocchio in over a decade, so I was really looking forward to rediscovering the movie on the DVD format. Seeing it brought back a rush of great memories of the first times that I saw it, it was really nostalgic. The film is vibrant in it's great animation, and magical wonder that makes this movie appealing to any movie lover. Unfortunately, only Walt Disney could create such classics like this one. Yes, Disney has released some GREAT classics (&quot;Lion King&quot;, &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot;, &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast&quot;) but they are not the same as the ones he worked on himself. The film also features one of the best: &quot;When You Wish Upon A Star&quot;, a song that seems to have been  inducted into American culture over the past 60 years.<BR>The double Oscar winning Pinocchio remains one of Disney's greatest landmarks, and should be on the top of the list for those who want to collect these great films . Get this classic today!
B00003CXAA|5.0|Every time I see an advertisement in a T.V. guide saying the Godfather is coming on I clean the house, cook alot of food, goto the store and get a case of wine or beer and I ask not to be disturbed. What can I say about this movie, Except this is what you should spend your $... on at a movie theatre. Thank you for putting this movie on DVD.
B00005A46T|4.0|I just bought the new Slipknot CD yesterday. What a treat for a drummer. I've been playing drums for over 20 years and was blown away by the double-bass drum sound. The riffs are defintely there also. The best song is Everything Ends. The song may eventually end but Slipknot will gain many more fans with this one. People = S*** is also a strong song. The reason I gave it only 4 stars is because there were quite a few songs that were a little too familiar to the first Slipknot CD. The last song on the CD called Iowa is about 15 minutes and is a treat for horror film fanatics. My recommendation is to buy it if you loved the first CD. I'm 43 and still rockin'
B00004XPPK|5.0|Gilda is a pretty average, or at least an odd, film in the noir genre. Really. But there are some moments in film that make a movie worth a million bucks for that shining few seconds. And Rita Hayworth's Put the Blame on Mame number is that classic moment that can never ever be forgotten. Its an image that has rocked the world for almost sixty years. And somewhere out there are still many weary old men who still feel a faint stirring when they think about that satin doll. I suspect it will be that way for generations to come.
B00005KHJR|5.0|the Anchor Bay DVD long version of the Wicker Man is exactly the same length as the rare video tape &quot;long version&quot; released by Magnum in the US many years ago with one exception: there are 13 extra seconds at chapter 20 on the DVD where there was a jump cut probably due to source damage on the original video tape. THIS IS THE MOST COMPLETE VERSION OF THE WICKER MAN EVER RELEASED ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD. Although the old video tape on Magnum claimed to run 103 minutes on the packaging it actually only ran 99 minutes and change.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I felt that this movie was very well done, including the documentary-styled production and the interweaving of scenarios. I have read where several reviewers saw this movie as unrealistic, especially when the daughter of the drug-czar is on drugs and prep-school kids are street smart. Wake up, have you ever met prep-school kids from NYC that went on to Ivy League schools (I did at Brown)? This film was very important and addressed the issue of just how the drug trade is perceived in this country. Films like New Jack City and King of New York only show the drug game from the perspective of &quot;urban ghettoes.&quot; This film points out that from these urban ghettoes, to the region south of the US border, to the living room of rich American aristocrats, the drug game is perpetuated by various demographic prophiles. Those that wouldn't like this movie most likely enjoy things that remain cliche', or even stereotypical. This film challenges us to look outside of the box (from whichever social construct that we see through) and try to get a grasp of the bigger picture.
0393307050|5.0|This book is just simply astounding! Halfway down the first page I thought, \\"well, that's a neat trick;\\" by the time I'd finished it I knew I was in the hands of a master.<BR>Frigates! Guns! The Royal Navy and Spanish booty! An upright, straight-shooting newly minted captain, and an absent-minded, slightly flawed physician who fancies himself an amateur naturalist, and their unlikely adventures together upon the high seas!<BR>Who cares! This book is a BOOK, readers - this is why trees are chopped down, sliced thin, and put between two covers! If you didn't know how good a novel could be, read this one - and prepare to be slapped across the face<BR>I came to this book a couple months after finishing 'Two Years Before the Mast', and I can't imagine a better primer - but not necessary. If you like to read a book - if you like people at all - if you ever learned to read English - then I can't imagine that you won't absolutely love this book.<BR>Yes, it's that good.
B000003S5H|5.0|I bought this album along with Stereo MC's, Thievery Corporation, and Gorillaz. I think perhaps this is the most rewarding of those.<br />It is very listenable. You can actually leave it in the CD player and listen to it for hours on end. It is a semi-short CD, but what is there is very enjoyable. Not too deep, so it doesnt grate on you after a while, and yet quite enjoyable.<br />The music quality is of a cross between acid jazz, a little dub, a little hip hop, and (not) a little pop. I think most people can enjoy this music, and despite its pop feel is new and refreshing.
0696204800|3.0|I just received this book and while the photos and projects are wonderful, I wasn't expecting the blocks to be 4&quot; squares. However, I don't believe it will be difficult to adjust the size and there is certainly plently of inspiration available. I can't wait to get started on some projects.
6305308659|5.0|Gary Ross has always, by his own admission, done films with odd concepts, whether it be a boy in a man's body (Big), or a man who looks exactly like the President (Dave). This and other insights make the Platinum edition of &quot;Pleasentville&quot; a perfect showcase of one of the best films of 1998. Fine screenwriting and nuanced acting are bolstered by special effects that are a character in and of itself. This is one of the best DVD's I've seen, with full director/writer commentary, great featurettes on the special effects, and fascinating storyboards. Hell, the DVD even asks you to adjust your TV colors so that the movie can be seen properly. A must have DVD, especially for showing off to your friends who are still skeptical about DVDs or widescreen.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Yeah,the negative stufff about Britney continues to fly but,hey,the music is awesome!For a long time I didn't give Britney a chance because I let all the harsh media scrutiny make up my mind for me.My loss,because I was denying myself a great pop music experience!These songs are just great!If you like energetic pop music with great vocals buy this.Forget the hype and give her a chance.
0792844890|1.0|This is the best proof that Mel Brooks had completely lost his touch in the 80's. After making some of the funniest movies ever through the mid-70's, he really stalled in the 80's. This movie has bad writing, bad perfomances, and is one of the dullest movies I've seen.
0807126063|5.0|I bought this book in an airport simply because I'm working my way through all of the Pulitzer Prize winners and needed a good read for poolside relaxation. I didn't expect to be laughing out loud every few minutes as I shared in the antics of Ignatius Reilly. I experienced pure joy in the deep belly laughs the book gave me - all the while feeling pity for the main character. Comedy and tragedy is a wonderful mix for healthier living through reading. This one will be a permanent fixture in my library.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Having just seen Stevie in concert, I was looking forward to receiving this album. I have not been disappointed. Although Stevie's voice has changed, due to her age...(and what rocker's voice hasn't changed over the years?)...it's a beautiful array of strong but melodic rock. I am a recent convert to Stevie's sound...have only been listening to her for the last few years. But few singers' voices go through me and reach my core - and Stevie has done that with this album. I thoroughly recommend it to any fan....and to anyone who wants to hear some good solid rock.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Ironically enough, the last movie I went nuts over before Memento was also a Guy Pearce film, L.A. Confidential. That was four years ago. Not since then has the film noir genre been brought back not only so well, but also raised the bar for similar films. You all know the story, and if you don't, read the other reviews here. I was fortunate enough to pick up the DVD of this movie I had seen 6 times earlier a week before its release. The disc is produced nicely--the menus show us a portion of the &quot;first&quot; scene, in forward playback for the first time. Teddy's backwards cry is heard often, and at one point (I don't know how/why this happened) the order of &quot;Play Movie/Subtitles/Scene Selections/Special Features&quot; became &quot;Special Features/Scene Selections/Subtitles/Play Movie&quot;, and pressing down brought me up and pressing up brought me down. There is also a nice 20 minute interview from IFC with Christopher Nolan, as well as the movie's entire website. There's a nice little tattoo gallery as well. The disc only gets 4 out of 5, however, because it lacks an audio commentary, and also lacks what could be the most original special feature imaginable--a reworked edit of the film. How much would you want to watch the movie in sequence! That would rock! Alas, it isn't here. But I'm sure someone will do it, someday. Email me when you do, ok? Alright, I'm out...gotta go watch it a seventh time.
1558216847|4.0|I walked 2,200 miles over mountains carrying a 40-lb backpack in about 6 months during my thru-hike of the Appalachian Trail. I can understand why there is some question as to the validity of the events in this amazing story from Rawicz. I can attest that there are some things described in the book that only another person who has walked all those miles would have experienced. But there are also some things that one who has walked miles like that would adamantly question. On my 2200-mile walk, I was always well-fed (by Rawicz's standards, not by American suburbian standards) and had access to water nearly all the time. However, I did run out of water on occasion to the point where I spent a few nights thirsty and thinking of nothing but getting to water the next day, and I could not fathom the length of time Rawicz claims to pass during his Gobi crossing without water. I do think it is completely feasible that he walked all that way and over those mountains, but perhaps there was some exageration in the number of days between water. See &quot;Follow the River&quot; as another based-on-fact book about a woman who walked under similar conditions from Indian captivity in Ohio back to her early American Virginia settlement. Questions of truthfulness aside, this book is an excellent read. Good, period-true writing style (see older adventure books like &quot;South&quot; for that &quot;removed&quot; style) and lots of amazing things to ponder, such as the Yeti sighting.
B000005ALP|5.0|Beautiful Freak is by far one of the best CD's ever cut. Songs like &quot;Rags to Rags&quot; and &quot;Not Ready Yet&quot; evoke feelings in me that are sometimes kept under wraps. If you would really like to buy a great CD, and you're not sure what to get pick this little gem up.
B00005A46T|5.0|I am more excited about the release of &quot;God Hates us All&quot; by Slayer on 9/11. Don't get me wrong, slipknot does rule, but the original masters of speed are still kickin!
B00000D9TQ|4.0|This is a great collection of 80's music. In the 80's Phil Collins could do no wrong. He was everyehere and helped to define the era. This collection is a terrifc collection of his greatest hits, some lesser hits and a new song. A remake of Cyndi Laupers 'True Colors' is the new song but it's just filler to me. Cyndi's version is much better and I bought this collection for his older material not new. But it's only one track and easily skipped over. One major hit isn't included, 'Don't Forget My Number'. Why it was passed over I do't know, but it's presence is missed. The tracks aren't presented in chronological order and there are no notations of chart rankings, which I always appreciate on a greatest hits CD.<br />But none of that (except the missing hit) hampers my enjoyment of this collection. Each of the songs on this CD take me back to a different time in my childhood. Remembering family events, times with friends, times spent alone. If you grew up in the 80's and liked Phil Collins (and most of us did) you really shouldn't deny yourself this wonderful trip down memory lane. If you're in the mood for even more reminising check out the equally great Genesis compilation 'Turn it on Again'.
B000002N2N|5.0|I admit it. I'm a big fan of the Ramones - more so since Joey's recent death. ...I popped it into my CD player on my way to work this morning. Holy-Moly! This thing really rips! I've never heard anything quite like it. The closest live album I can think of would be \\"If You Want Blood,\\" which is an amazing live AC/DC album recorded back when Bon Scott was their lead singer.<BR>The thing starts fast and loud and just gets more so. By the time they get to Commando, most bands would be exhausted, and that's not even the mid-way point.<BR>It's alot like watching Larry Bird or Magic Johnson or Michael Jordan have one of their very best games when they were at the very top of their careers. You can't help but get goosebumps.<BR>When I got to work, I had to get out of the car and walk around for a while I was so keyed up.<BR>I would have loved to have been at this concert, but I'm glad I can settle for the next best thing.
B000000W6F|5.0|As great a debut album as has ever been recorded.
B00005A46T|1.0|Oh Lord does this album ..., total incoherent noise, it makes the last album look like a melodic masterpiece, I know everyone loves this band, but I do not care at all, dont get me wrong I love hardcore rock and metal but this is just pathetic! Go get some SYSTEM OF A DOWN!!!! (an infinitely better band who sadly has to tour with these [guys])
B00005A46T|4.0|whenever i see slipknot on television... i usually just think that they are yet another group of... \\"scary\\" \\"evil\\" heavy metal bands... i mean... they wear masks... how serious can they be about the music? well... i saw this on sale... and figured why not? Bought it. Listened to it. Found myself thinking that it's better than it has any right to be. Somewhere around the 4th time i've listened to it today... i realize that behind the stupid looking masks... or the too-dark-on-purpose lyrics... there is a really good thrash metal band lurking here. I plan to have this cd in my discman whenever i'm working out... or on my treadmill. Sounding like a really PO'd Slayer (which, come to think of it... having to wear masks like that would SERIOUSLY get Slayer's anger up) Slipknot manage to convert someone with this cd. Iowa. Not for everyone... it's loud, fast, angry, and laced with hatred... and that's why i'm starting to like it...
B000056HOZ|5.0|First off, I admit I'm a huge Springsteen fan. Now, onto the DVD. My first copy of this anthology was a dubbed copy of a VHS rental that I played the heck out of. So I was shocked at how good the footage looked on my DVD player. Some of the videos on the second disc I had never seen, like &quot;Highway Patrolman&quot;. If you like Bruce, this is a good place to start your collection. Sure there are things that should have been included, but lets cross our fingers that the MSG show will be out on DVD soon.
0060934719|3.0|Truly this fantasy took me by surprise. Stardust is at times funny, scary, and at the end, quite touching. I enjoyed it very much and do recommend it. Gaiman is a writer to watch. I have read Neverwhere and while that is a fine work, I liked Stardust much better. I certainly do intend to read more of his work.
B00003CX5P|1.0|It's just a load of rubbish, isn't it really? A real shame that a producer who has a carte-blanche to make any film he desires spends his time making dull, sub-video game rehashes of his greatest hits.
B00005LMBK|5.0|With a small cult forming around them, (I admit I am a member myself), it is impossible not to like Gorillaz. Beginning as a side project from Blur frontman, Gorillaz has evolved into something much more. Edgy Radiohead-esque lyrics and a successful combination of electronica and alternative, listening to Gorillaz is an expeirence and trance then just any old CD (sitting naked in the bathtub...nevermind). Also, if you have nothing else to do while listening to the albumn, I recomend taking a look at the booklet because it has hilarious graphics and sketches of the fictious members of the band, my personal favorite is Murdoc: the snarl-toothed Brit and gothic bass player. With a distinct urban vibe, this is definetly not for any of you suburbanites out there. In conclusion, this self-titled albumn is a worthy buy and great listen, and if you do purchase it I hope you get sucked into the world of Gorrilaz just like I did. Go Gorillaz!...hey that reminds me of a song.
B00002E23E|5.0|some of the best zeppin ever recorded, id like to find the soundtrack for this to put on c/d. jimmy page's bluring speed on the guitar was sensational. john bonham;s solo and all his works i rate him as the best drummer ever to play the instrument.<BR>please help me find the soundtrack to this. if it isnt available it should be
B00005OLY5|4.0|A epic story of rouges, sprites, brownies, dragons and ogers. a must see for any fantasy loving freak like me.
B0000029DD|1.0|This CD is [bad]. I've heard so many good things about Jeff Buckley, so I put my hard earned money down and bought his album. HUGE mistake. This album was obviously rushed together with little or no thought involved. The lyrics are nonsense and the vocals are bordering on obnoxious. The only half way decent song is Grace. Aside from that..this album was torture. Jeff Buckely's music is [bad]...
B00005B4GU|5.0|First of all, lets lay down some basic guidelines: Radiohead is god tied with marshmellow peeps. Second, the albumn Amnesiac is another chapter in the Saga (or Bible) that is Radiohead. Now that we're clear lets continue. With enigmatic lyrics, dynamic instrimentals including tastes of electronica while bringing back something we call the \\"piano\\", Amnesiac is a poetic overview on culture, human behavior and provides a deep look into the lives of these modern rock messiahs. Each word, each note, each chord is hand picked which contributes to this haunting expeirence. As you first listen to the CD you are alert and ready but Radioheads beautifully melodies croon you into a sort of meditation and state of mind that is undescribable. While still just being great music, Amnesiac adds to you as a person and once you take your head phones off you start to approach the world in a different manner. In conclusion, Amnesiac is a dynamic, mind-blowing expeirence and you should just buy it because Radiohead is god, period....
B00004WIBW|5.0|Sleepy Hollow is a marvel. Plain and Simple. Tim Burton has to be seen as a genius after this film. Sleepy Hollow is the kind of film where you get completely lost in the atmosphere. It is compelling and one hell of a ride. Everybody knows the story of Ichabod Crane and the Headless Horseman. The story, however, is turned around a little bit in this film. Some of it(More scenes of Headless Horseman, murders)needed to happen. The horseman wasn't even seen until the end in the original story. Today, I don't think that would work. These things needed to be changed to amp up the horror. And what delicious horror it is!. The movie is one of the most visually stunning films I've ever seen. It instantly hooks you in and never lets go. The acting is good too. Johnny Depp resembles the acting of old horror stars like Peter Cushing and so on. He was wonderful. Christina was almost ghostlike in her performance. She was intriguing. The best, however, was Christopher Walken as the Headless Horseman. He didn't have any lines and he didn't need too. The expressions, action, and grunting were enough. All in all, this is an exquisite piece of work. A must see for everybody.
6302891272|5.0|An electrifing performance by Toshiro Mifune dominates this superb film!!! This is Kurosawa at his best. Spartan sets, crisp dialogue and extremely unsympathetic characters make this movie a tour do force of extremism! Of all Kurosawa's film this is the most surreal. There is nothing warm or smooth in this film. It is all right angles and cold calculation. The entire cast is magnificent. The sets are oppressive yet beautiful. The fog is like an approaching army. All of these elements together make for one of the best films I have ever seen. Mifune's death scene is not to be believed. Incredible!!!
6302256615|4.0|I can remember going too see this film,with three mate's,we laughed and made snide remark's about how bad this movie would be,we left this movie not speaking,until one of us said what we were all thinking,&quot;You know what?,I thought that movie rocked!&quot;.<BR>Oh,how right my friend was,this is a pure B-grade action movie that &quot;ROCKS&quot;.<BR>Keanu Reeves play's ex-football jock turned young hotshot FBI agent John Utah(gotta luv that name)who is teamed with a world weary agent played brilliantly by Gary Busey as they try and hunt down a bank robbing gang known as the Ex-Presidents.They believe the gang is made up of surfer's using their ill gotten gain's to finance an endless summer chasing waves.<BR>&quot;Utah&quot; goes undercover amongst the local surfing fraternity and meet's Bodhi(Patrick Swayze)a &quot;Zen master&quot; surfer looking for the ultimate ride.<BR>This movie work's because it doesn't pretend to be anything else but comic book action with a few hot babes(Lori Petty)thrown in.<BR>Check this movie out,switch the brain off,hang loose and enjoy a great action movie.
B000000H5K|3.0|for the most part, i swear, this album is not all that great. the only good songs on this album are bloody roots, attitude, dusted, jasco, and dictatorsh!t. those are good tunes with attitude being my favorite because the lyrics are so simple yet so good. i'd give this album two stars but i like attitude too much and max cavalera has one of the greatest screams in metal. simply put, max has a great voice. he's probably one of my favorite vocalists. you just gotta love it when he starts screaming 'can you take it?'. but then, if i love max so much, why the low rating? because this album sounds too damn much like korn. aside from the vocals, this album sounds like korn with max screaming, and tribal instruments and percussion in place of the bagpipes, but used a whole lot more often. i used to like korn, but that was when i was a freshman or so. now it bores me. simple drop d metal songs, although i have always been a fan of max's lyrics because they can hold a lot of truth to them. powerful stuff. but whatever. like i said, the best songs are the ones i listed. they don't really sound like korn. but i still don't like this album that much. it's best to see these guys live, because that's where the real power is. and one other thing. the almighty mike patton sings on this record! that should make it reason enough to buy, but no. that song actually isn't that great(also features jon davis)and mike doesn't even play that big a part in the song so it's almost like he's not even there. oh well. by now, this is nothing new. but max does have a great voice. i'll give you that.
B000001FCB|5.0|\\"Elis and Tom\\" is one of the half-dozen essential bossa nova works. Jobim, on his own, is interesting; albums like the 1967 \\"Wave\\" are a weird hybrid of cool jazz and something else that can come off as saccharine. Those benighted souls who think that Astrud Gilberto is the voice of Jobim have been misled, since Elis Regina is a fantastic and sexy singer and Astrud is a terrible and sexy singer, sort of the Sandie Shaw of Brazil. That's the problem in general with this music--there have been so many ghastly versions of classics like \\"Corcovado\\" or \\"Double Rainbow\\" or \\"Waters of March\\" that it's hard to hear them for what they are. \\"Elis and Tom,\\" recorded in Los Angeles in 1974, is the perfect corrective to this perception. These are indeed the definitive versions of fourteen Jobim tunes and will remain that way for the foreseeable future. Elis Regina recorded many things that I don't care for--she could be histrionic, and the rock arrangements she was using in the early '70s render her music from that era just about unlistenable. But at her best, singing the great compositions of Jobim, Gil, Nascimento, Jorge Ben and Ivan Lins, she bears comparison with the best pop singers of the century (she dressed just as weird as Aretha Franklin and seems to have been every bit as [messed]-up as Billie Holiday).
6304698798|5.0|The director/composer team of Sergio Leone and Ennio Morricone is perhaps the greatest, most creative team in movie history, and this is perhaps their greatest collaborative work of art. Far from being simply a &quot;shoot-em-up&quot; or an Eastwood vehicle, &quot;The Good, The Bad and The Ugly&quot; depicts a ruthless world of violence and greed, then couches touching moments of genuine tenderness amist all the chaos. The effect is a surprising sort of affirmation of life lived in peril, and of unlikely friendship.<BR>Consider the moment when Tuco climbs aboard the wagon with Blondie after having argued with his brother, the priest. These two men are mortal enemies, but Clint obviously realizes how hurt Tuco really is. In one of the most nuanced scenes of all time, Tuco says (if I remember correctly),<BR>&quot;Still, I know that there's a brother out there that never denyed me a bowl of soup.&quot;<BR>To which Blondie responds,<BR>&quot;Yeah...and after a big meal, there's nothing like a good cigar.&quot; At which point Blondie passes his cigar to Tuco, one of those classic Morricone cues comes sweeping in, and Tuco smiles as the duo rides off together to take on the world. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. If you enjoy this picture (and how could you not!), I highly recommend Morricone/Leone's OTHER greatest movie, &quot;Once Upon A Time In The West,&quot; with Hendry Fonda. If anything, THIS is more the sister film to &quot;..The Ugly&quot; than either of the &quot;Dollars&quot; movies. Not yet available on DVD, unfortunately.
B000002E5J|4.0|I'm a big fan of Latin music and I was really happy that I bought this cd It's has good songs that really you can get even if you don't under stand Spanish. Well the songs I like was track three-Un Poco De Amor. It really had a great beat to it and you can dance to it. One of my favs on the cd.<br />Track six Vuelve- It has a rock feeling to it. I'm a big rock fan so I really enjoyed this one. Anyone who like rock will like this one.<br />Track Ten Donde Estas Corazon- This was the first song that introdue me to Shakira music. I was watching one of the Spanish changle when Donde Estas Corazon came on. I was like Wow! She reminded me of Selena (another Spanish singer I like). Well I was so happy that I decided to go and buy this cd and I love it. That so letting me tell what I think of a good singer.
B000005J56|5.0|Some music isn't listened to, it is felt... like a chocolate sundae on a hot summer afternoon... This is 'feel good' music! I bought the CD because I loved the movie (saw it twice, and taped it for viewing!). The CD is everything the movie was. I even caught my wife dancing to it in the living room by herself, and she's not normally a lover of music... It really IS a magic CD!!
0425180638|4.0|I tend to read what other reviewers say especially when their opinions differ from my own, and I want to know why. When I went to get something 'good' to read (usually means a mystery to get my mind off of my daily grind), Cornwell's book was on the number 1 reading list for almost all of the major media. Since most of the reviews written on Amazon.com are predominantly negative...this presents a conundrum. Are the reviewers wrong or are all the people who are purchasing and reading this book wrong?<BR>Granted, Cornwell's protagonist has been getting 'stale'. As is typical with long-running series the author seems to be having problems with making her plots and characters diverse enough to please everyone. After her last book in this series, I wasn't sure I was going to read her again. But I figured all those people buying this very thick addition to her series couldn't all be wrong. I was pleasantly surprised to see that I was right. Cornwell seems to have gotten a second 'literary wind' and the book makes for good reading. A lot of loose ends are tied up in this chapter of Scarpetta's life, with the truth about Benton's death finally coming to some type of conclusion. I have yet to read a mystery series where at some point, both the author and the protagonist runs out of 'gas', and where the stories do not seem to be familiar or lack the excitement of the first few books in the series. Even Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes had major problems at the end...Doyle tried without much luck to get rid of his alter ego/protagonist, but ended up having to ressurect him because of the outcry. The same thing happened when Cornwell tried writing a book considerably different from her usual. Readers and critics cannot have it both ways, and perhaps they should cut Cornwell some slack?<BR>Cornwell still has brought the genre one of its best and most interesting protagonists. Her writing and the intelligence of her plots are still way above par, and she deserves recognition for teaching the public about a field of expertise that was not well-developed prior to Scarpetta's entrance on the scene (forensic science). ....
6304698798|5.0|The director/composer team of Sergio Leone and Ennio Morricone is perhaps the greatest, most creative team in movie history, and this is perhaps their greatest collaborative work of art. Far from being simply a &quot;shoot-em-up&quot; or an Eastwood vehicle, &quot;The Good, The Bad and The Ugly&quot; depicts a ruthless world of violence and greed, then couches touching moments of genuine tenderness amist all the chaos. The effect is a surprising sort of affirmation of life lived in peril, and of unlikely friendship. Consider the moment when Tuco climbs aboard the wagon with Blondie after having argued with his brother, the priest. These two men are mortal enemies, but Clint obviously realizes how hurt Tuco really is. In one of the most nuanced scenes of all time, Tuco says (if I remember correctly),<BR>&quot;Still, I know that there's a brother out there that never denyed me a bowl of soup.&quot;<BR>To which Blondie responds,<BR>&quot;Yeah, and after a big meal, there's nothing like a good cigar.&quot;  At which point Blondie passes his cigar to Tuco, one of those classic Morricone cues comes sweeping in, and Tuco smiles as the duo rides off together to take on the world. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. If you enjoy this picture, I highly recommend &quot;Once Upon A Time In The West,&quot; another Morricone/Leone collaboration that very much follows in the footsteps of &quot;TGTBATU.&quot;
B00005B4GU|1.0|This is without doubt is not a very good album. Apart from \\"Knives Out\\" which sounds like the old Radiohead, every song is so boring. Why can't Radiohead just make albums which are like \\"the bends\\" now that album was pure genius. Oh Well!!!!
B00003CXIP|5.0|I love this movie. It's my favorite. I first saw this movie when I was little, but I didn't know the name of it until this past year. I've seen it a bunch of times since then.
0553296981|3.0|I would never make light of something as horrific as the Holocaust, nor would I presume to to minimize the plight of its victims. However, that being said, this book was not... repeat... NOT an account of the Holocaust. What it was, with my apologies to all those who praised this book while laboring under the impression that it would be unconscionable to do otherwise, is the diary of a teenager. And, to be candid, a rather conceited, spoiled teenager at that. I have to admit that, though I tried repeatedly, I have never been able to get completely through this book. Anne's considerable - and rather highhanded - opinions of herself get to be too much and it is clear that she finds herself to be superior to others. Simply said, I didn't find a warm personality in those pages.... and I can't chalk it up to the situation in the attic. Even in the first pages of the diary she compares herself with her friends and finds her friends lacking. That doesn't change.<br />Incidentally, if you want an accounting of the Holocaust, read &quot;Night&quot; by Elie Wiesel... a vastly superior book
B00005O3VD|5.0|Legendary director William Wyler brought out the very best in Barbra Streisand in this 1968 adaption of her Broadway hit. He had a lot of help from veteran cinematographer Harry Stradling, who photographed her so beautifully that you believe it when she looks in the mirror and says, \\"Hello Gorgeous.\\"   She looks great throughout the film and defines the meaning of a \\"Movie Star.\\"  I was surprised though at how many slow moments occur in the later part of the film when her marrriage to gambler Nick Arnstein begins to unravel.<br />Funny Girl is an artist at her peak collaborating with other great artists.   In later years, she took to running the show herself, sometimes to good effect with The Prince of Tides and also to bad with the utterly inconsequential Mirror has Two Faces. <br />But hey...  any artist deserves to spread his/her wings.  I just hope Babs makes a few more films of this calibre  before she retires.
0553213105|5.0|The Bennet girls are having a problem with primogeniture. They feel that it isnt fair that the first male in the family gets to inherit the estate after Mr.Bennet has passed away. Since there are five girls and no men there cousin Mr.Collin's gets to inherit the estate. Mrs.Bennet takes it apon herself to find gossip on all the men in the town that are making a reasonable amout of money and hook them up with one of her daughters. This continues on thoughout the movie. Mrs.Bennet and all of the Bennet daughters get tangled up with all of the gossip and mishap,and this complicates everyones lives.<br />Towards the middle of the movie one of the Bennet daughters(Jane) gets introduced to one of the wealthies men in the town, his name is Mr.Charles Bingley. Mr. Bingley has his eye set on her and they begin to like each other. Mr.Bingley's best friend Mr.Fitzwilliam Darcy also takes a liking for one on the Bennet daughters(lizzy). Mr.Darcy is hard headed and does not show his liking for lizzy at first. He is rude and does not show much respect for her, in lizzy's eyes. Mr.Darcy is jelous of something and tries to break Mr.Bingly and Jane up. This creates lizzy to have more dislike for Mr.Darcy.<br />The actors that were chosen to play in this movie were very perfect. They understood and comprehended what they had to do and did the job quite perfectly. I really admired how well the plot and characters where chosen. The scene designers and director chose the perfect places to shot the movie. I liked how the two wealthies men's estates in Pemberly and Netherfield Park were placed. This made it seem very realistic. I would defintley recommend this movie to others. It kept you wondering thoughtout the whole movie whether or not Mr.Darcy and lizzy , and Mr.Bingly and jane were going to get together. I feel it was more a chick flick,but would also suggest it to males as well. It might teach them a thing or two on how to approace a woman, and make them feel wanted and loved dispite what others say.<br />Throughout this movie &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; was a really wonderful message. I feel the message was not to give up hope and try to persue your dreams. If something was ment to be it will always work out at the end.
B00005A46T|1.0|Their first album was sort of entertaining, but this is just awful. Anger without reason. I'll take Morbid Angel outtakes over this...and I dont even like Morbid Angel. And the lyrics...wow, eighth grade was tough, man. But swearing is sooooooo cool.
6305949980|5.0|Watching this movie is like imagining all of your childhood toys coming to life!
0425098478|5.0|Highly effective. Straight-forward. Well-written.<BR>At first I expected a cheesy business-version of behavioral modification, but the authors emphasize that sincerity is essential for this technique to work.<BR>Using it as a manipulative tool will only backfire.<BR>I enjoyed the audio version very much - it includes a radio interview with one of the authors that gives a lot of insight into the development of the idea for the book.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|Nuggets is a strange and intoxicating collection of 45s from the mid-1960s. What is a &quot;nugget,&quot; exactly? It's difficult to categorize this music. A nugget is neither a hit single (see &quot;Optical Sound,&quot; &quot;Voices Green and Purple,&quot; and many others) nor a great song (see &quot;It's A-Happening&quot; or &quot;Blues Theme&quot; from the film The Wild Angels). It is not a garage-rock masterpiece (see &quot;Run, Run, Run&quot; by The Third Rail or &quot;Live&quot; by The Merry-Go-Round) or psychedelic detritus (see &quot;Sugar and Spice,&quot; &quot;Louie Louie,&quot; and many others). It could be any one of these, or a combination thereof, or something else entirely. By marketing Nuggets as &quot;garage-rock&quot; or &quot;psychedelic&quot; singles, the manufacturer and seller sacrifice a sizable portion of the potential audience for this music. (Such was the case with the original Nuggets LP as well.) <br />So this is a weird assortment of tracks, but they are unified in that each features a simple &quot;hook&quot; or distinctive &amp; elemental riff. These songs may not have been hits, but they do take for models the better and more popular records of the time. Also, there is a minimum of &quot;production&quot; on most of these records; the band plays, the tape rolls, and that's that. Just about every track is exceptionally energetic, which makes even the more sugary songs passable in this context. <br />Each of the 4 discs sounds just as good in &quot;random play&quot; mode as in the original Rhino sequence. When you consider that 4 75-minute CDs equals 8 1967 vinyl LPs, and that you can play Nuggets in moderation for months without repeating tracks beyond tolerance, Nuggets turns out to be a rewarding purchase even at the &quot;steep&quot; retail price.... Let's face it, some things are worth great sums of cash, even (or especially) cheaply made music from a lost generation.
B00005A46T|4.0|This album is a great follow up to their self titled album. The guitars are heavier the percussion is amazing, and the thing that draws me to this album is Corey Taylors vocals. The music is quite similar to s/t but it is obvious that they are trying to make a very heavy record. The vocals on this show that Corey Taylor is not just a deep throated screamer, songs like &quot;Everything Ends&quot; and &quot;Left Behind&quot; really show this man is a talanted singer.<BR>My only slag off about this album though is the lyrics, sure Corey Taylor is an angry man but it gets quite boring and repetitive on a lyrical point of view, singing about slitting peoples throats etc, is a bit juvenile, but otherwise a classic heavy album. Hopefully more music will head this way and we could have the beginnings of a very nice extreme music scene.
B00005A46T|5.0|I listen to some pretty heavy stuff (Cannibal Corpse, Napalm Death, Immolation, Cradle of Filth) but this just might be the HARDEST CD I've EVER heard. It redefines the concept of &quot;heavy.&quot; Everything is just tighter, faster, and more intense than ever. Listening to it is kind of like standing on a battlefield- absolute chaos. The 'Knot outdid themselves with this one.
B00000BKDY|3.0|Generally a pretty good album.The reason being that all the tracks are quite good.The only reason why I dont rate it as one of Maidens best albums is because although I quite like all the tracks there are no superb ones appart from &quot;Wasted Years&quot; and &quot;Stranger In A Strange Land.&quot;For me,I rate albums such as &quot;Iron Maiden,The Number Of The Beast,and Seventh Son above this one.&quot;However,this is still quite a cool album.<BR>1CAUGHT SOMEWHERE IN TIME-My least favourite on the album.I find it doesnt have that much to it and drags on for a whole 7 minutes.<BR>2WASTED YEARS-Best on the album and one of Maidens best ever songs.The guitar solo in the middle is amazing.<BR>3SEA OF MADNESS-Cool start to this song.I find it fades a bit towards the middle but generally good.<BR>4HEAVEN CAN WAIT-I like this one,good tune and lyrics.Also been used live quite a lot.<BR>5THE LONELINESS OF THE LONG DISTANT RUNNER-Some people dont like this song but I think its quite cool,and also being a runner myself I appreciate it!<BR>6STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND-The next best on the album,partly for another immense guitar solo.<BR>7DEJA VU-This is okey but an anti-climax after the superb previous track.<BR>8ALEXANDER THE GREAT-The 2nd worst on the album,it has a reasnoble tune but gets boring after a whole 8 minutes worth.
B00004U2EZ|5.0|I became interested in purchasing this CD when the song &quot;Danse Mon Esmeralda&quot; was performed by an Ice Dance French couple at the exhibitions of the 2000 World Figure Skating Championships. I do not speak any French, but I want to learn. This soundtrack of the Notre Dame de Paris is awesome. There's not one single song that I would say I didn't like. All the songs are wonderful and I can't count the times I've listened to this CD since I purchased it. The music crosses the language barrier. I recommend this CD to anyone who reads this review.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This album is superb!Probly about my most favourite of all of them.Just about all the tracks are excellent and &quot;Brave New World&quot;and &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;are immense!So my advice is,this album is a must for any Maiden fan!This album also represents the reapparting of lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson and as usual,he is great throughout.In my opinion,the only albums which challenge this one are &quot;The x Factor&quot; and &quot;Best of the Beast.&quot; So what do I like about this album? Well everything-Great tunes and guitar playing throughout,dramatic build ups and Bruce s dramatic use of the vocals.That just about summarises it in a nutshell.<BR>1THE WICKER MAN-A good opener to the album<BR>2GHOST OF THE NAVIGATOR-I love the start to this song with the guitar solo.<BR>3BRAVE NEW WORLD-Superb song,dramatic build up and use of vocals.<BR>4BLOOD BROTHERS-My favourite on album,a superb 7 minutes!<BR>5THE MERCENARY-Quite dramatic<BR>6DREAM OF MIRRORS-This lasts a whole 9 minutes,but I particurly like the chorus to this<BR>7THE FALLEN ANGEL-Least favourite track,but still okey<BR>8THE NORMAD-Yeah,like it<BR>9OUT OF THE SILENT PLANET-Lyrics combine well with the tune<BR>10-THE THIN LINE BETWEEN LOVE AND HATE-Quite good,and listen carefully to the last few seconds of this track!
B000001FS3|5.0|In my words this has got to be the best U2 CD made by the group. All of their CD's are great but this one is the best. If you were stranded on an island and had a choice of one CD to bring with you, this would have to be one, you would never stop listening to it and you would never get tired of it.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This is a great movie and is not just a movie with great performances even though it has that too. This movie shows addiction through 4 different people all with dreams and hopes of accomplishing something, but all of that is washed away because of their addictions. A good movie to see, I would recommend it to anyone who would enjoy a thought-provoking and haunting movie........<BR>A
6305079250|3.0|This was a very interesting little watch. I would've never watched it if my new roommate, a recluse and fellow film student, hadn't rented it. It's actually three short films: One by Roger Vadim (French director of &quot;And God Created Woman&quot; and &quot;Barbarella&quot;), Louis Malle, and Fellini all based on stories by Edgar Allen Poe. When one short ends smoke sort of appears, acting as the seugeway to the next short, and then the title for the next one comes up.<br />Anyway<br />The worst one was by far the first one, the Vadim. Although very amusing. Jane Fonda speaks French and lusts after her cousin, coincidentally played by Peter Fonda, her brother. Not good at all. In fact bad, but very amusing.<br />The second one was probably my favorite, the Louis Malle. It's about this guy haunted by his dead ringer. Really cool. Liked this one a lot.<br />The last one was the Fellini and stared Terance Stamp as a drugged out, miserable, very famous actor. This one had some nice stuff, but dragged on too much just like Fellini movies always do. If he'd chopped ten or so minutes off the end it would've been an almost perfect short. Nonetheless it still had some really great, classic Fellini moments. Stamp being interviewd and then at the awards show thing were great. Just should've been a little shorter that's all.<br />All in all though, very interesting film. It was nice seeing some short films made by famous directors.
B000003TA4|5.0|I was 15 years old when I first heard this album, and I can still remember how the sonic attack of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; almost brought my heart to a stop. Every word out of Kurt's mouth and every note out of his guitar seemed to perfectly express all of the rage, angst, self-loathing, and loneliness that I felt. Every song is a classic. Krist Novoselic's bass playing is a gem, and Dave Grohl's machine-gun like drumming is inexplicably good. This was without doubt the best album of the Nineties and one of the greatest of all times. Buy it now, you won't regret it.
0060976624|4.0|Buckley successfully spoofs the lobbying industry while also illuminating how much power &quot;institutes&quot; and &quot;centers&quot; have in policymaking. While many Americans may think of lobbyists as well-dressed pretty boys up on Capitol Hill handing out briefcases full of cash, Buckley highlights lobbyists as they are today -- spokespersons, advertisers, and marketers, selling ideas and not buying politicians.<BR>Buckley also amuses in his display of America's burgeoning nanny culture, where groups daring to defend smoking, drinking, meat-eating, and gun ownership are forced to disguise themselves and work from a defensive position.
0790729725|5.0|This movie is my favorite. It's about a guy named Henry Hill (Ray Liotta) who has been trying to become a mobster ever since he was young. After he becomes a mobster for some time, he starts to lose his touch and he goes to jail. Overall I think this is a great movie.
0465068359|5.0|An unbelievable story but the sad thing is that it's true. Once you read this book you will be outraged when you realize that you have never even heard of Nanking before. The atrocities committed by the Japanese unpon the Chinese in the city of Nanking is so horrific it's almost unbelievable. The author does an excellent job of research on this work and she also has a personal connection to the story. Required reading for all students of World War II history. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B00003CX7L|5.0|I must have watched this 20 times it seems like! It never gets old, and all the jokes still have me chuckling. I love this movie because it is sooooo well thought-out and the voices are done with perfection. This is a definate buy for a young child or kid, and most adults will enjoy it too (my parents and relatives think it's an awesome movie). Not to mention the great cast they have (Tom Hanks, Tim Allen). Another good movie to check out if you like this is the original Toy Story. I am very impressed at Pixars animation. Other good Disney Pixar movies to see is A Bugs Life and Monsters Inc. I could probably rave all day about this, but to not bore you and to make this short and sweet, let me just say &quot;I completely reccomend this!&quot;
0451203933|5.0|The author should be awarded a medal for doing such a fine job of not only researching the Army action in Somalia but also paying tribute and respect to those involved. The author pulls no punches and tells it like happened. The work is so well written I felt like I was actually there in Mogadishu and I felt the same outrage that the soldiers on the ground felt. Should be required reading for all military professionals. Worthy of all acclaim and then some. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B000002JKA|5.0|Being the Dream Theater fan I am... well, I may sound a bit unobjective... and please notice that all my comments are done on the date.. so I don't know about the album's that'll come next...<BR>I'm not in the mood to describe all the songs, so I'll limit myself to say that this is definately Dream Theater's most complex (compositionally and theme-wardly speaking) album... It's also the darkest one. And I'll dare to say, the most colourful. This last because it may be controversial... I can't say it's Dream's best album because other people like Scenes From a Memory or Images and Words best (or even Falling into infinity... wow)... but I can say it's MY favourite.. THIS is the Dream Theater I like, the obscure, powerful, complex yet majestic, varied musically, the heavy and the technically and lirically impressive Dream Theater.<BR>I would say that Images and words is the starter's cd, less complex, perhaps happier and more opne cd... you'll get into it right away. Scenes From a Memory is your standard prog. concept cd, but with very cool ideas and great musical passages... it is after all, my second best Dream cd... I would like it best if it weren't so dense to get into (there are too many heavy songs together, without room for breath, plus it's only really hearable if you take it all at once... I don't think it really accomplishes what it pretends for the listener, if you hear scattered songs). So check those two out, they stand side by side with Awake, at least generally.<BR>Like Prog? Like guitar and drum pyrotechnics? Like Coll and complex albums? Get Awake. Now.
B000002MH5|5.0|This is Mascis's best work. Not to say it overshadows his earlier or later work. This album is the best album of the 90's because it's brillently written, produced, emotionally moving, and far more orginial than anything Kurt Cobain could have done. It saddens me that during our now &quot;Best Of-ing&quot; of the 90's J Mascis is always overlooked. Mascis is the one of the greatest songwriters of all time. He is in Tom Waits league. The song Get Me is one the of the greatest songs ever. Period. Where you been should be in everyone's collection. Mascis's music personifies what deep self-closure is all about. Amazing.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Never has a movie better parted critics who judge a movie based on content vs. depth than &quot;American Beauty&quot; has. I mean by this that those who give this movie bad reviews are those who base it on the fact that it HAS sexual content, drug use, violence and language, all involving suburban families. Those who give it good reviews are those who see not the disturbing ways they act, but the meaning and beauty in all their actions. To anyone (teens, adults) in suburban america, this movie let's you know that you're not alone in your confusion. It helps you understand the uselessness of &quot;...a $10,000 sofa appolstered in italian silk.&quot; It helps you understand the beauty of all things. It helps you understand why we do what we do.
B00003CX8J|3.0|Everyone praises this movie like it's one of the best movies of all time well it's not. Actually if I wasn't such a big X-Men fan in general I would of gave this movie only 2 stars. I would of really enjoyed watching more intense gripping fighting scenes. After the Matrix came out the posibilities of making a mind blowing action scene is endless. You have the most angry, destructive, comic book character (besides the Hulk) in Wolverine how could you not take advantage of that. Wolverine and Sabertooth went to wars together yet in this movie they had a sorry stupid battle. Why? Want to see a truly great comic book movie buy &quot;Blade&quot; or &quot;Spawn&quot; and wait a couple of years hopefully they would get it right with &quot;X-men 2&quot;
B00003CXDV|5.0|Galaxy Quest was a very popular TV show from the late 70's, but the actors have not been able to move on with their careers and live on personal appearances. One day, they unknowingly agree to make an appearance for real aliens, the Thermians, and find themselves in space with a race that believe the shows were real. Now, they must learn to deal with each other and technology they made up to stay alive and save the Thermians from the evil Sarris who wants to destroy them all.<br />This movie is a must for Star Trek fans, but non-Trekkies will enjoy the humor as well. It manages to make fun of every aspect of the series, including the fans, while still using these elements to further the story. The cast gives a wonderful performance as actors out of their element trying not to give away who they really are to the aliens they have befriended. I find myself laughing all the way through this movie every time I watch it. And the deleted scenes on the DVD are as funny as anything in the movie.<br />This is a pleasant comedy that should appeal to all ages. Pick up a copy and enjoy a relaxing evening is space.
B000002P72|3.0|I can appreciate this as a better-than-average live blues show, but I MUCH prefer Albert King's LIVE WIRE/BLUES POWER cd- that is a true 5-star experience. Live at the Regal features WAY too much vocals for my liking- if you want to hear classic guitar, check out the above-mentioned by Albert, the real king of blues GUITAR.
B00003CXSP|5.0|Get the DVD. Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore generate a marvelous story about Dr. Hannibal Lecter's return to the States<BR>and then some--of course. This two-DVD pack includes a number of missing scenes that bring in a few skipping areas from original version. AND, AND, AND---the Alternate Ending is Better (IMHO) for those Lecterphiles who may have been a little bummed in the theater. Hope they do, do another Lecter story. Agreed with comments saying this is not a sequel to Clarice Starling tales.<BR>This is an Italian Renaissance flare conveying a wee adventure<BR>by Dr. Hannibal Lecter.
B00005AXEL|1.0|I have been an avid Fleetwood Mac and Stevie Nicks fan for many years. I own every album put out by FM and SN. I also own the DVD of Fleetwood Mac's &quot;The Dance&quot; and VHS &quot;Tango in the Night&quot; and I own the Stevie Nicks DVD &quot;Live at Red Rocks&quot;.<BR>This new album &quot;Trouble in Shangri-La&quot; is well named. I get the impression this album was put together over a weekend. It is not the &quot;professional quality&quot; I have come to expect. Sorry Stevie, that's one fan's opinion.<br />Bernard L. Fioravanti
0316921173|5.0|Okay so I'm not finished with the book yet, but I have a good reason: I don't want it to end. I've gone without sleep for too many hours, slugging coffee down my throat and chain smoking because I love these characters, the multiple story-lines, and the writing style. I've found myself actually cursing at the novel, threatening to throw it hard if something even more awful happens to so-and-so. I even love the footnights, which can be frustrating and rewarding at the same time. And I've never laughed so much while reading a novel. There are moments of horrible pain in this book that turn into something like watching a complete stranger fall off a bike--something inside me just splits. The dialogue is first rate, and I like how I have to break out the dictionary ever so often. I'm ready to buy everythng DFW has ever written.
0920668372|5.0|I have never read a book that made so many grown women cry. It is so sweet and tender and reminds all mothers ,young and old<BR>,what being a mother is all about. I bought six copies to send to<BR>my sisters and close friends.<BR>Charlotte Springer
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I've had my cd for over 3 months now and I do love what music from the movie they decided to put in there, but like many others I'm disappointed there wasn't more. I too have been looking (for THREE months) for a second (more songs from Moulin Rouge) soundtrack to come out. I was hoping there would be the &quot;lady marmalade&quot; remix that they played in the movie. (it's much more tolerant than the original) I'm also disappointed that the soundtrack version of &quot;Come What May&quot; wasn't even ONE of the film versions. In all actuallity I was hoping they'd have both film versions on the CD. (I love the version @ the end of the movie) I was also looking for the remakes of &quot;Like A Virgin,&quot; and &quot;The Show Must Go On.&quot; One other one that I enjoyed a lot that wasn't on the soundtrack was the &quot;Spectacular Spectacular&quot; song. In all honesty I believe they wasted their money putting Beck, Fatboy Slim, Valeria, etc. on the soundtrack beacause the only tracks I listen to are &quot;Nature Boy&quot; (while David Bowie is no John Leguizamo.....lol just kidding) &quot;Diamonds Are A Girls Best Friend,&quot; &quot;Your Song,&quot; &quot;One Day I'll Fly Away,&quot; &quot;Elephant Love Medley,&quot; &quot;Come What May,&quot; &quot;El Tango De Roxanne,&quot; &quot;Complainte De La Butte&quot; and &quot;Hindi Sad Diamonds.&quot;<BR>The sad thing though is that none of the songs that I actually listen to (with the exception of Elephant Love Medley) are as they are originally in the movie.<BR>While the soundtrack will hold me over until the DVD is released, I'm still sadly disappointed in the big wigs who decided to edit this CD.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is the &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; of our times and Ed Norton is the DeNiro of his generation. I missed this when it first came out largely due to the panning of critics. Shame on me. I saw it on cable about halfway through so all the surprises weren't so surprising. Finally I rented it and saw it all...twice. I disagree that the Fight Club turns into a facist group as they don't really have a political ideology worked out. If anything they're more Nihilistic than anything, particulary anarchist.<BR>They're are some wonderful ideas in the film, ie, when Pitt tells Norton that soap was created by the ashes of heroes. There's more but that's all I'll say on that.<BR>The real lesson of this film is the dangers of young men without positive male role models in their lives growing up in a consumer culture - Yes, you need fathers! The film argues that manhood is learned and not intrinsic and that without these role models, young men will follow anybody who seems to know what they are talking about. The danger is that they may follow the wrong person. This we already know ie Gangs, Army. It's just well presented here.<BR>On another note, I'm currently reading the book. It's equally great. The lack of description only adds to it. I also got the soundtrack. It's great.<BR>Fight Club is destined to become a cult classic like Taxi Driver. Ask about, you'll find it doesn't take long for a group of guys to start talking about fight club, thereby breaking the first two rules. See it, and you will too.
B00005LOUP|5.0|I have loved this classic story ever since I can remember! And now, they made a bigger better version! I saw The Grinch (Jim Carrey) 8 times in the theater! Being only 11, I can't wait until I can buy this DVD! I can't wait to see deleted sences and see funny outtakes with Jim Carrey! I ENCOURAGE ANYONE TO BUY THIS MOVIE!!
630349255X|4.0|&quot;Baraka&quot; is well-crafted wallpaper, penetrating commentary, New Age balm for tortured urbanites, or overblown travelogue, depending on one's mood. The best way to watch it is with a sense of HUGE perspective (and patience). What the film is great at is presenting the vast multitude of global activity (people praying, working, and generally doing their thing) as a cohesive pattern that is now baffling, now illuminating. I ended up both dizzy and enlightened - as troubled by things going on in the world as I was hopeful.<BR>&quot;Baraka&quot; is the perfect film for pointing out how confusing and seemingly pointless our world is... or it could point to our common humanity, whether we live in crowded Tokyo or the deserts of North Africa.
B000002UUX|3.0|I have to say that in order for me to give an album 4 or more stars, there has to be a complete package presented. Having said that, Dave Mustaine's singing voice is perhaps one of the most annoying instruments in the whole world. It's a shame he can't sing, because he sure can play the heck out of the guitar.<BR>Marty Friedman's debut is spectacular. Speed, stretches, powerful riffs, great composition, classical references... these attributes are all presented on this album. The solos and dual guitar work scorch every song. Of course most the lyrics are always an afterthought, only due to the intensity of the music. It's hard to pay attention to anyway, when you're listening to the complex layering of the songs.<BR>If you want a good introduction to good 80's thrash metal, this is a good place to start. And also if you haven't heard Metallica's Ride The Lightning, that's also a good album to pick up.<BR>What truly is missing from metal these days, are real guitarists and composers. These guys raised the artistic level of metal, as opposed to the screaming/shouting/rapping on top of boring riffs we have today. I hope you enjoy this album, even if you're not a rock fan.
B00003CXR0|1.0|What a boring, pseudo-French, pseudo-\\"cultural\\", pseudo-art this movie is. All too-known, well-tried message - that good people are good, and bad people are bad, that you have to be yourself, and you deserve to be free, etc. Package all this ideas into the surroundings of a French village, squeeze a tear here and a tear there, add a bit of \\"elavator\\" music on the background - and you have a winning recipe for a success on the American screen. Every minute of the movie tells you that it was carefully designed for the American public - or whatever the American public is - in the mind of the director. Well, it kinda worked - considering the number of nominations. An it kinda did not - considering that all of them flopped...
0385335482|5.0|Those of us with real spending problems will appreciate Becky Bloomwood. Her shopping is far enough out of control that an entire novel could discuss it without once becoming boring. Many of us (ahem) have been guilty of the lies to ourselves about our debts and our needs and our rationalizations. We recognize Becky in ourselves. However, the seriousness of the problem is painted so comically that we don't put down the book with guilt when we recognize ourselves. The tone is droll, and while it's not a heart-stopping thriller, the reader continues, wanting to know how Becky gets herself out of each new mess! Becky surprises the reader with the way she gets out of each disaster -- it's all about finding her niche, and not the easy way out. Kinda leaves me with some hope for my own credit. This was a wonderful book, read in an afternoon and worth sharing. (If I share it, then the purchase is justified as half price, right?)
B00005ARDC|4.0|First of all, yes, this band isn't very original and relies on a lot of stuff that seems to have been done before. You could probably say that about most -- if not all -- new bands and debut albums. But, hell, you could pretty much say that for most of the reviews and articles that have been written about this band so far, too. Almost every one that I've seen (and I'm talking about in the press, not the ones here) seems to mention at least three of the following four thoughts: (1) the Jesus &amp; Mary Chain fixation; (2) the rap-rock and boy-band marketing strategies that've been raping popular music for the past few years; (3) &quot;Whatever Happened to My Rock 'n' Roll&quot; as an answer to its own question; and, (4) Black Rebel Motorcycle Club sounds like the name of a metal band.<br />In my case, when I first saw &quot;Whatever Happened. . .&quot; on the public access video show late at night awhile back, besides thinking that it was the most completely dead-on song I'd heard all year, I thought &quot;B.R.M.C.&quot; (as the credit indicated) was a raw garage band -- along the lines of, say, the Makers or a less flamboyant Rocket From the Crypt. And when I later learned what the initials stood for and saw the Stooges, Joy Division and the Velvet Underground (two of my favorite bands and one that I should get into more) listed among their influences, I got even more excited. So it was a bit of a shock at first when I listened to some of their other songs off their website. (They have about half the CD and a live set from Milwaukee on there. It's great.) I'm not really that much of an aficionado of J&amp;MC and their ilk, but to be honest, even though the songs didn't hook me right away, they didn't take more than a couple of listens to &quot;grow on&quot; me, either, so I bought the CD. Besides the one song, &quot;Love Burns&quot; has this melody, &quot;White Palms&quot; has this interplay between bass and guitar and &quot;Salvation&quot; has this . . . trancelike . . . feeling, and I can't get 'em out of my head. (They pushed matchbox 20 and Creed out of there finally, though, so I'm doubly thankful.)<br /> Anyway, there's a lot of trippy atmospheric stuff fading in and out of most of the songs, and there's even more distortion and dissonance and . . . deconstruction, I guess. (There are also hintings of what may develop into a sound of their own, but that's something else.) If you're into J&amp;MC, My Bloody Valentine, Ride and all of that, then maybe this will sound pretty familiar, yeah. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. If anything, it's something that will probably bring back old memories rather than bombard you with its presence on the radio or VH1 these days. (I guess that many of the kids who are into what they play on MTV were prenatal or too young to remember when this music first appeared.) And for people like me, who aren't too familiar with the music, maybe it'll get them interested and bring some of these bands back into cultural consciousness again.<br />Of course, even after all of this, I still go back to &quot;Whatever Happened. . .&quot; I'm actually tempted to call it an anthem, not only because it rocks so hard but also because so many people my age seem to be asking the exact same question. But, then again, that'd just mean that it'd be played every 20 minutes on the radio and maybe even on MTV, and everybody'd just get sick of it. So I won't say that Black Rebel Motorcycle Club will necessarily save rock 'n' roll. (No band has ever really done that on their own, and I don't expect this one to be an exception.) I don't even know if they're the start of something new in music, although I definitely hope so. All I can say is that this is a damn good record for this year, and that's saying something.. . . feeling, and I can't get 'em out of my head. (They pushed matchbox 20 and Creed out of there finally, though, so I'm doubly thankful.) <br /> Anyway, there's a lot of trippy atmospheric stuff fading in and out of most of the songs, and there's even more distortion and dissonance and . . . deconstruction, I guess. (There are also hintings of what may develop into a sound of their own, but that's something else.) If you're into J&amp;MC, My Bloody Valentine, Ride and all of that, then maybe this will sound pretty familiar, yeah. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. If anything, it's something that will probably bring back old memories rather than bombard you with its presence on the radio or VH1 these days. (I guess that many of the kids who are into what they play on MTV were prenatal or too young to remember when this music first appeared.) And for people like me, who aren't too familiar with the music, maybe it'll get them interested and bring some of these bands back into cultural consciousness again.<br />Of course, even after all of this, I still go back to &quot;Whatever Happened. . .&quot; I'm actually tempted to call it an anthem, not only because it rocks so hard but also because so many people my age seem to be asking the exact same question. But, then again, that'd just mean that it'd be played every 20 minutes on the radio and maybe even on MTV, and everybody'd just get sick of it. So I won't say that Black Rebel Motorcycle Club will necessarily save rock 'n' roll. (No band has ever really done that on their own, and I don't expect this one to be an exception.) I don't even know if they're the start of something new in music, although I definitely hope so. All I can say is that this is a damn good record for this year, and that's saying something.
B00000JKH2|5.0|I don't have much to say, other than this album is freakin incredible. Sure, the lyrics make no sense, but they do add to the experience quite a bit. Listening to any of ATDI's songs without Cedirc singing would just sound wrong. He's kind of like another guitar....Anyway, onto this review. I don't want to think of any fancy words right now, so I'll just say that this album is very, very exciting and different. I've never heard anything like ATDI other than ATDI themselves. Every single song on this album sounds great to me. The only problem I had with it was that it was too short (something around 30 minutes long seems too short to me). Though, I'd much rather have quality than quantity, and they deliver on the former.<BR>Rascuache - Starts with a bang, then slows and gathers some groove/funk, then ignites again into something awesome.<BR>Proxima Centauri - Seems offbeat at first, but the more you listen to it, the more you start to like it.<BR>Ursa Minor - Another one of the &quot;odd&quot; songs that sounds wrong at first, but then turns into something exhilarating. Really.<BR>Helitrope - This song jumps out and hits you at the beginning. And it doesn't really stop hitting you, either.<BR>Metronome Arthritis - This song starts very slow. It's kind of an anxious slow, though, and as it progresses, you can tell something's going to happen. And it will... :) Very nice drums on the last part, methinks.<BR>300 Mhz - Instantly very dynamic, it starts with a bang (as most songs on this album do). This is another song that sounds wrong the first time you listen to it. It grows on you, though, but slower than the rest. And for those who don't know, Cedirc isn't saying weird things in the middle - they reversed a track of his voice (At least, that's my theory). This is the only song ATDI has done that I can remember hearing any cussing on. I kind of wonder why they even included it, as it adds nothing and if it weren't for it, you could play it anywhere without anyone disapproving (of lyrics, anyway).<BR>198d - Slow song that sounds really nice. Beginning is a little depressing, but the end gets rid of that depression with some mixture of anger/hope (which is quite an interesting emotion). Not nearly as depressing as Non-Zero Possibility (RoC)<BR>Overall, this album is great. This was my second ATDI album, after RoC. It took a little bit of adjusting, but it's definitely worth it.
0375703861|4.0|In this book Zadie Smith has shown that she has an extensive and intimate understanding of the various cultures of London, and their histories and religions. The interactions of the multicultural characters and their relationships are very illuminating, and lead to many entertaining misunderstandings and moments of clarity. I wouldn't be surprised if Smith used her own experiences with multicultural friends and family as a basis for most of the characters and plot elements in this book, because most of them give the appearance of authenticity. I also wonder if Smith based the Irie Jones character on herself, as Irie is the most complex and deep-thinking person in the book. Smith's writing style is usually light and effortless, and occasionally sharply funny. Here we have a very ambitious new novelist with huge ideas. Unfortunately, Smith proves in this book that she's a little too ambitious for her own good. In the second half, the plotline becomes very messy and starts to unravel, and Smith lapses into a lot of long-winded sermonizing, both from the narrator and the characters. A never-ending treatise on social consciousness toward the end then rushes into a conclusion that is wrapped up too quickly. However, I would still recommend this book, especially if you're interested in hot new writers. Now if Zadie Smith can learn to reign in her big ideas and find a little more focus - then I can't wait to see what she comes up with next.
B00005A46T|5.0|This CD is insane. It has to be one of the greatest metal CD's ever. It is non stop insanity and the metal ceases to let up. The 9 members of Slipknot are at there best in IOWA. I recommend all metal fans and maggots alike buy this album its awesome!
B00003CXP1|5.0|I personally love movies like this. If you are even reading this page, you must also have an interest in this type of independant film making. I saw both versions of this film. I thought that when I got the Directors cut that there would be a lot more - Perhaps scenes that the rating committee would not approve of. I was wrong. Honestly, I hardly noticed any difference at all. I was expecting more realism from this edition. It is still a great movie, and you might as well get the Directors cut - It does show you deleted scenes....etc.etc.
B00005O5CM|5.0|&quot;Legally Blonde&quot; is a great feel-good comedy that most people love to see once in awhile. It's a break from all the sad or depressing movies out there and Reese Witherpsoon absolutely steals every scene as sweet and warm 'Elle Woods.' Almost everything about this movie is unrealistic which makes it so much fun to watch. The actors play the characters great and Elle's dog, Bruiser will make you want a dog just like him. It's like Clueless goes to college only funnier and happier. If for no other reason, buy this movie to see Reese Witherspoon play the perfect role!
0780020685|5.0|This movie is the father of many action movies. It mixes suspense, action, and comedy to form a wonderful blend that keeps one intertained from start to finish. Given the date at which it was filmed, the quality and style of the scenes are magnificent. The characters are portrayed in a much more human way than in modern movies. If you are looking for a pure action flick search elsewhere but if you want a complete movie this may be a good choice for you.
B00005A46T|4.0|I like this record. I like it alot. One asks themselves, 'which is their best cd?' the truth is that none of them can be compared. M.F.K.R. was a very expeirimental cd, the s/t was their most memerable cd (I still am not sick of it). How does Iowa rank? Well, like I said it's a very good cd. The songs definately have an evil feel to them which adds nicely to the whole package. This record also shows that The Knot have matured musicaly, as well as people. They just want to do what makes their fans happy, and they deliver with brutal reality.
B00003CXA2|5.0|Academy Award winner Robert Zemekis and two time Academy Award winner Tom Hanks bring the epic Forrest Gump alive at times funny hilarious and rediculous at other times it has alot of heartwarming moments and strength to pull it off as<BR>an enduring human spirit film. Tom Hanks won an award as the<BR>amazingly and engaging Forrest Gump a mentally disabled man<BR>who may be slow but has found himself in his youth with his ability to run get's him through many historicle paths to a high school football player , to a vietnam war hero where he<BR>meets his good friend Lt.Dan who is played by Gary Senise, who does an incredible job who tells Forrest to go for what he want's in life.Where Forrest gets the medal of honor for<BR>his bravery in vietnam, and meet's president Kennedy.<BR>He also becomes an expert ping pong player and runs from state to state not knowing that what he's doing is nothing short of amazing, whatever Forest does he never gives up because<BR>&quot; Life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what one your<BR>going to get&quot; just as his mother says.In the end he is a shrimper<BR>with his pal Dan who was tragically injured in the war and has lost his legs.But through all this his heart knows only one love his beloved Jenny who besides his mother is the only person<BR>that truly understands him Forest can never forget her and the love story is what keeps this film alive.When in the end he finally marries Jenny, Forrest is happy until the devistating<BR>news that Jenny is sick and tragically passes away but there son is left with Forrest it is only then when Forrest truly realizes why he was put on earth for , for his son to know that he has his fathers love and guidence.<BR>Forrest Gump is a worthwhile edition to your DVD collection and is far better then the simplistic video version that has nothing to offer this one has loads of options.Good acting all around and an endearing film if you have not seen this movie it<BR>is a tearjerker , but for the people who have this by far the best movie Robert Zemekis has ever made add this classic to your collection it's exccelent.
B000002BFZ|2.0|I can remember years ago when I first got into Pearl Jam when 10 was their only album. That album was filled with energy and inspiration that I have rarely heard on an album. Songs like Once convey a sense of raw power while songs like Alive and Jeremy have a strong emotional attachments to them. Vs continued this tradition with songs like animal and go having that raw power and W.M.A and elderly women have that emotional attachments. However with vitology, the band began try things which is good but sadley the execution of that expirementation did not sound as good as their previous works. No Code sadley follows that tradition. It is difficult to listen to because of its unfinished sound. Songs like Hail Hail seem like they would have been good if Pearl Jam had worked more on the song. In the end, No Code fails to make a connectin that is strong with listeners.
0393317552|1.0|Since the majority of people actually believe this stuff, here is what you can expect to find in your future:<BR>\\"Well, I've reworked the 4th dimensional math used by Einstein in his equations for gravitational relativity,\\" you say.<BR>\\"Yes, I can see that your ancestors had a lot of cattle,\\" your Ivy League supervisor replies. \\"But we wanted to promote someone `intelligent' for this position. That's why we're giving this promotion to a New Guinea CANNIBAL.\\"<BR>Yes - that's right, CANNIBAL!  Among people with an intelligence that can actually be `measured' with a test, as opposed to those with an intelligence that must be (for any number of reasons) merely `insisted' upon, New Guinea natives are MOST well known as being the very same HEAD HUNTERS and CANNIBALS that you have seen portrayed on \\"Gilligan's Island\\".<BR>Is it only me? Or could there be a more horrifying future? Or should I say `present'?
B000001E18|4.0|Over the years, U2 has produced many great albums like achtung baby, joshua tree, boy and war. Provided Zooropa is not that calibur of an album, the album is still very entertaining to listen to. It marks a good effort by U2 to take a risk which is what they have done their entire career. This album is similar to Achtung Baby because of its work with electronic music but the band does not stick with the empaphasis on high energy or dance but more of a mellow sound. With this album it marks the first time the first time they experiment with other singers such as the Edge singing on Numb and Jhonny Cash on the Wanderer. Bono tries to vary his singing style on songs like Lemon.
B000002U6E|2.0|Not bad, but certainly not great.<BR>There are some tunes on this CD which are decent. But don't expect great musicianship or composing skills, or even great sound. This is a CD that's made for playing in the background because it just doesn't stand up under scrutiny. The &quot;lyrics&quot; on pieces like &quot;Second Chapter&quot; are so inane as to almost be a Spinal Tap like parody of the new age music genre. The keyboard sounds are so cliche as to be unlistenable in some places. I mean, if you're not going to use a real Native American cedar flute then at least get a decent synth patch to mimic one.<BR>Great for a chill out room at a rave, or if you need something to listen to while shopping for incense and dolphin posters. Beyond that, you'll be better off with Jean-Michelle Jarre.
B000002N3J|5.0|I'm a proud Madonna fan, and I gladly say this CD is another work of art by the master. This CD is a collection of her most beautiful love songs and ballads. I cannot see how this CD would be a disappointment to anyone. My favorites are &quot;I'll Remember&quot; and &quot;You'll See&quot;. If you like Madonna, this CD is a must.
B00003CXP1|4.0|All I can say is that this film is nothing more than an after-school special done really well.
B000001ESJ|5.0|After experiencing their first commercial success with their 1976 landmark breakthrough 2112, Rush continued to further push the progressive envelope with 1977's A FAREWELL TO KINGS. In my opinion, this is probably the most progressive album of Rush's career, as well as the album that proved that they would soon be heading in a new direction as the '80s came in.<BR>The album begins with the expertly crafted title track, which starts off as a mellow acoustic piece and quickly erupts into a furiously played rocker. The song squeezes as much complexity as it can in 5 minutes, paving the way for future Rush classics such as &quot;Free Will&quot; and &quot;Tom Sawyer.&quot; &quot;Xanadu&quot; is probably my favorite Rush epic of them all, next to &quot;The Camera Eye&quot; from MOVING PICTURES. Clocking in at 11 minutes, the song features the most intense and exciting instrumental build-up I've ever heard and it also features some of Neil Peart's most inventive drumming. &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot; is Rush's most popular song and rightfully so (listen to it). &quot;Cinderella Man,&quot; the last song Geddy Lee wrote for the band, is the hidden gem off this album and it has some pretty unpredictable musicianship (a funky rhythm section!). &quot;Madrigal&quot; is the weakest song but it serves as a nice, mellow surprise. &quot;Cygnus X-1&quot; is the most complex and complicated song Rush has ever recorded. Written in three movements and clocking in at 10 minutes, it tells a brief and spooky tale of a spaceman entering a black hole. The first part is dark and forbidding, the second part is fun and exciting, and the third is a relentless onslaught of thunderous drums, menacing guitar riffs, and Geddy Lee's glass-shattering vocals.<BR>A FAREWELL TO KINGS is the best album Rush released in the '70s. Period. The musicianship and the songwriting are tight as always, but it also serves as a blueprint for what Rush would do on their '80s releases by combining progressive epics with shorter, more streamlined songs. One of their best and one of my faves.
B00000K2SC|4.0|What can I say about this film? It's a classic. And, just as classics go-everybody talks about how good it is but don't really read it or watch it.
6305470464|5.0|The best movie I have seen in awhile. Gillian Anderson was outstanding. I hope they make a sequal and use the same people and actors/actresses.
044100590X|3.0|I read that book after I happened to look at the (grotesque) film adaptation by Lynch. The book itself is not really better than the latter. Esoteric, repeatitive, obsessively descriptive of mind states and thoughts, there are many good ideas (worms, guilds and sisterhoods, stillsuits and many others) but they are attached to a weak structure and a poor and heavy writing style. To be honest, it is very hard to find a book of good SF that is also a good book, but Dune seems to have a bit less than the average narrative flow. Perhaps, if I were younger, I would be a fan of the Herbert's complex world, but now I have really got the opinion that the book has too many more pages than it needs.
B00005A46T|5.0|being as i am from iowa, i have a soft spot for these boys. i admit, i was NOT a big fan of theirs the first time that i saw them live. they ended up blowing me away. i have the first album and think that it it a very good piece of business... loud and gritty. IOWA is a new scenario all together. more anger, more gritty guitars and a better sound quality. people=sh*t is what it kicks off with and never really comes down from there. i would definatly recomend this to anyone who could ever imagine themselves injoying slipknot
B00003RQNJ|5.0|Realising that a super-posse will stop them robbing banks and railroads in the mid-West, Butch Cassidy and Sundance evacuate the US entirely, along with Sundance's shoolteacher girlfriend, and try to reprise their activities in Bolivia, where they eventually meet a violent but unseen end. Apart from the unfortunate Woodcock, the crimes of the Hole-in-the-Wall gang seem to have no victims in the world of this movie. Butch and Sundance are pursued relentlessly by the super-posse, but which side of the law each group belongs to seems irrelevant. All that matters is that the super-posse is the more invincible force, and that we are on Butch's side because his gang is the more likeable.<br />Even without the DVD extras, I would have rated this movie *****, as it's one of my all-time favourites. Filming was completed not long before Man first landed on the Moon, but this movie isn't about the rejection of new technology. (Butch quickly learns how to ride the just-invented bicycle, and the three escapees enjoy the luxuries of New York before displaying a united instant dislike for the backwardness of the Bolivian railway station.) For me the message of the movie is that no matter how good a team you are, ultimately there will be another group that's even better; it's about how strong bonds can make all the difference in the worst of circumstances. In today's world where military invasion and colonisation is rare, a microeconomic analogy works better: some firms really do dedicate themselves to suffocating or driving out other firms.<br />Before I saw the DVD extras, I thought I knew why I liked the movie so much -- for the upbeat relationship between the two protagonists, for Bacharach's music and for the action sequences, particularly at the end. But having heard Connie Hall's commentary, I now appreciate the quality of the camera work and cinematography much more. In widescreen this film is visually stunning, both for its landscapes and its close-ups.<br />Actually the commentary can be annoying at times -- Hall and Crawford go off into lengthy anecdotes which, by the time they're complete, are irrelevant to the scene you're now watching. When you were hoping for an explanation of how a scene was created, it's frustrating that the commentators are still discussing some off-screen swordfight with Redford!<br />But the interviews and 1968 'Making Of ...' documentary more than make up for this. Katharine Ross is even more beautiful in her 1994 interview than she was in 1968. Goldman and Newman are particularly insightful about the film's construction. Newman tells how Goldman spent six or seven evenings with him, getting Newman's input on early versions of the script. Several months later Steve McQueen and Newman are invited to bid $350,000 for the final script! Despite bidding $400,000, they still don't win it. Rather like consultancy, scriptwriting can seem like charging someone for borrowing their watch in order to tell them the time.<br />This is not a film about the old Wild West. Director George Roy Hill says that the dialogue and music was deliberately chosen to be anachronistic, in a 1960s idiom. For me, Bacharach is the most important composer of popular music of the last 40 years. (The man appears in an Austin Powers movie as a tribute to his immense talent. 'The Look of Love' is one of the most perfect pop tunes ever penned.) The really bizarre decision in this movie is Hal David's lyric for 'Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head', given that not a single rain shower appears.<br />It was fascinating to hear that the sepia-tinted New York still montage was originally planned to be a live action piece, but was forbidden by company boss Zanuck because the street scenery was built for 'Hello Dolly', which hadn't yet been released.<br />Animals suffered more in the making of this movie than would be allowed today. Hill admits that the wiring of a mule's front legs would not have been allowed in the US even in 1968. Horses are clearly shocked by explosions they are much too close to.<br />The final uplifting aspect of this movie is its popular triumph over bad initial reviews. The people loved it while the critics missed the point. But it did well at the 1969 Oscars, just missing the ultimate prize, best film, to 'Midnight Cowboy'.xplosions they are much too close to.<BR>The final uplifting aspect of this movie is its popular triumph over bad initial reviews. The people loved it while the critics missed the point. But it did well at the 1969 Oscars, just missing the ultimate prize, best film, to 'Midnight Cowboy'.
B00004YW6I|3.0|This album was my introduction to PJ Harvey and her voice is incredible, but I thought the lyrics were lacking. Being from New York myself, I felt the album hardly reflected influence of this city (merely mentioning a rooftop in Brooklyn, a bridge you see or a &quot;freeway&quot; (which we don't even call our roadways) doesn't say much). Lyrics are very important to me. The best track in my opinion is the duet with Thom Yorke from Radiohead &quot;The Mess We're In.&quot; In fact, it has become one of my favorite tracks of any artist. The rest I can certainly live without. If I travelled to a city I wasn't from, I think I could come up with a much more descriptive narrative than this album.
B000000OTU|5.0|I'm a fairly late-comer to Aerosmith, having only become very familiar with them over the last couple of years. Yes, it was the &quot;Armageddon&quot; song that got me into wanting to hear more of this amazing group. But it was this album that made me a fan. Of course I had heard some of these songs over the years, like &quot;Janie's got a gun&quot; and &quot;Crazy&quot;, but they have so many great songs. This is a great place to start for people wanting some of Aerosmith's greatest hits on one cd, (including 2 newly recorded songs for this album, &quot;Walk on Water&quot; and &quot;Blind Man&quot;). But there are so many other great songs not included here, that it really is only a starting place. And you will most certainly want to add their other albums to your collection. The fold out booklet includes all lyrics.
B00000G3I2|5.0|This movie depicts eight best friends who have just suffered the loss of one of their close friends. They all get together at his funeral, and then spend the weekend together in a huge house. They recollect their memoirs about times spent together over the years, and get to help each other out in various ways as the weekend progresses. The performances are great, the soundtrack is perfect, and the direction by Lawrence Kasdan is out of this world, making this a must-see film! A true classic! <BR>*The R rating here is a very tame one. It was given this rating for profanity (there were about 8 F-words), a scene of breif nudity, and two very mild sexual scenes.*
B000002VCE|5.0|This is my favorite album of all time. In all these years, I have never been tired of listening to it. I wore out 2 of the double albums since the early eighties and now I'm working on wearing out my first CD. What else can I say? The Outlaws jam live like no other.
B00005A46T|5.0|Awsome....Great cd very heavy! Thats all i got to say if you haven'<BR>t heard it ye then your pretty stupid so go buy this it won't dissapoint. It's Heavy and the metal heads are back with a brand new heavy cd. Heaviset cd of the year! End OF Discusion!
B00005N83M|5.0|One more track makes a big diffrence in J.Lo's CD. I have the original. I just think J.Lo and Ja Rule work So Good Together.<BR>BUT...PARENTS WHATEVER YOU DO DON'T GET YOUR KIDS THIS CD!!! 01.Love Don't Cost A Thing<BR>02.I'M REAL<BR>03.PLAY------Parents Keep this song off-limits for the kids.E.<BR>04.Walking On Sunshine<BR>05.AIN'T IT FUNNY<BR>06.CARIN'O<BR>07.COME OVER-----EXCLIPT SEXUAL LYRICS....Parents you can let your kids listen to this track but it is unsuitable for 5-year olds.<br />08.WE GOTTA TALK<BR>09.THAT'S NOT ME<BR>10.DANCE WITH ME<BR>11.SECRETLY-------Parents This song is not suitable for<BR>7 year-olds. Doesn't cuss.<BR>12.I'M GONNA BE ALRIGHT<BR>13.THAT'S THE WAY<BR>14.DAM'E----Kids won't understand(SPANISH)<BR>15.SI YA SE ACABO<BR>16.I'm Real(BAD BOY REMIX)(E)<BR>E-eXCLIPT LYRICS
0062511408|5.0|Este libro, de prosa tan sencilla y profunda, nos ense~na que nuestros sue~nos si pueden llegar a ser una realidad. Eso nos demuestra Santiago, que una noche tuvo un sue~no e hizo hasta lo imposible, se enfrento y supero cuanto obstaculo se le presento en el camino, y siguio las se~nales para llegar a su meta. Coelho tiene la capacidad de llegar a lo mas profundo de nuestra alma con un libro tan simple como este. Lo recomiendo a todos aquellos que tienen un sue~no y no saben por donde empezar ni que camino seguir.
B00005A46T|1.0|this cd sucks. i can't think of a single good thing about it - poor vocals, dull guitars, average drumming, and redundant song-structures. there is nothing about this cd that would make me want to buy it. this is not real metal -
B000002IXS|5.0|Mireille Mathieu is marvelous in this CD. Her voice is unique. Im a fan of Mireille Mathieu since I was 3 years old - I discovered her in a Brazilian LP, now on CD (which all Mathieu fans must have!) - and her technique is becoming better and better each year. I was particularly touched by her &quot;Jezebel&quot;, which is fantastic!
6304994540|4.0|This was one of the weirdest movies that I have ever seen! It was also one of the best Coen brothers movies that I have ever seen. There is a very simplistic storyline revolving around this guy named \\"the Dude\\". His real name is Jeff Lebowski, and one day he comes home to find these thugs at his house asking him for money that he obviously dosent have. You see, there is another Jeff Lebowsky that lives in the neighborhood. He is a wheelchair bound millionaire who lives in a mansion. The thugs finally realize this, get mad, and ruin the Dudes oriental rug that is in his living room. It was the rug that \\"tied the whole room together\\" as the Dude says. So, the next day, the Dude sets off to the millionaires house to complain and get a new rug. He eventually gets caught up in a lot of stuff that happens later on, like whenever the millionaire's young wife gets \\"kidnapped\\", and they ask the Dude to drop off the ransom. <br />Lots of other crazy stuff happens from there on out, and I'm not giving away anymore, so if you haven't seen it, SEE IT! Its absolutly goofy and fun to watch! <br />The only problem that I had with the film was the unnecessary, pervasive language. Definitly not for children.
6303921248|4.0|I highly recommend Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen. It is a great movie. IT has many parts to it which are very long which I recommend watching over a long period of time because it is too much to take in all at once. I will talk about the action and plot, set design, scene designers, and the director.<BR> Pride and Prejudice takes place in England. Mr. Bennet is giving all his money away to Mr. Collins. His brother when he dies. In England they don't give the money to the daughters but men first. So his daughters have to find men to support the family. This makes a very comical situation.<BR> The actors were very good. They portrayed very good emotion and acted their rolls well. The scene designers were very good it looked like they really takes place in the places the scenes were. I would have liked the directing to be different it's very simple no real camera angles exist that are impressive.<BR> I recommend this film if you like a long drawn out drama. If you are all about the action and adventure please do not see it. You have to be able to get involved in person's lives, which is something that I like. Also, it is hard to understand the people make sure to use those closed captions.<BR> As you can see I liked the film over all. I wouldn't pay to see it or see it again. But it was good enough to see for the first time for free in school. I hope the things I talked about help you in your decision in watching this film.
0767836324|5.0|I just don't understand why all the professional film critics have to put down HOOK. This is my favorite version of Peter Pan and Captain Hook - I find it even better than Disney's animated film, PETER PAN! It definitely is enjoyable with a cleaver script, and it's fast-paste so it doesn't drag on slowly. <br />This film takes place when Peter Pan (Robin Williams) is all grown up. He is now known as Peter Banning and has a wife and two kids. Peter is the kind of guy who loves his work. He tries to spend time with his family but his work keeps getting in the way. Then he and his family goes to London to visit Granny Wendy (Maggie Smith) because Peter is going to make a speech on Granny Wendy's accomplishments, which was to have a hospital for homeless orphan children built. When they get to London, Granny Wendy tells Peter that he is actually Peter Pan, even though he doesn't believe her. When Peter, his wife, and Granny Wendy are at the party, Captain Hook (Dunstin Hoffman) comes back because he learns that Peter Pan is back in London and kidnaps Peter's children, Jack and Maggie! Peter is soon met by Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts) who tells him that Captain Hook has kidnapped his kids and he must go off to Neverland to save them. When Peter gets to Neverland, it's an adventure he'll never forget - especially when he comes across the Lost Boys who've got a new leader and he has to prove to them that he is really Peter Pan so they can help save his children.<br />HOOK is one of the best fantasy/adventure films of all time. Some parts are very hilarious, too. I never get tired of watching this film. The whole family will enjoy it! With an all-star cast including Robin Williams, Dunstin Hoffman, Maggie Smith, Julia Roberts, and many more...how could you go wrong? Gwyenth Paltrow even makes a cameo role as young Wendy. If you haven't seen this already, then it's not to be missed! The fight sceen between Peter Pan and Captain Hook at the end is awesome, too. So don't listento those professional film critics and buy this DVD. It's a must. A real winner and a film Disney and Steven Speilberg should be proud of!
B00004Z459|5.0|Dude, Linkin Park just totally blew me away with this album. I though that they would just be loud and obnoxious at first, but when I heard them sing &quot;In The End&quot; for the first time, I was amazed. The lead singers have awesome voices! They can rock hard and then come to such a mellow kind of song like In the End and rock in a different way. Three words, Off The Hook!
B00003CXCQ|5.0|I couldn't even count all the special features I saw here on Amazon.com for this DVD of SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS. This animated film is truly a masterpiece, partly because it was Disney's first ever. You all know the story of Snow White, so I don't have to write a plot summary. I'm pretty impressed by all the special features that this DVD edition has. If you love this film, then I highly recommend you get this DVD edition - it'll be a DVD to treasure for years to come!
0515123447|1.0|Look, this is just not a well written book.  The hero is super human (and tells you as much every other page), the plot hinges on huge coincidences, and the author's style reads like a bad film noir script.  If you want a quick read that won't make you think much, go for it.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Some people think Christina Aguilera is a fake because of the way she looks (and I'll admit, she sometimes has an annoying attitude). But above all that, you've gotta admit she's got an amazing voice! She's better than Britney, Jessica, and Mandy put together. MY KIND OF CHRISTMAS is an excellent collection of Pop, R&amp;B, Blues, and even Gospel Christmas songs. Many artists these days make Christmas records such as Celine Dion, Hanson, Mariah Carey, *N SYNC, 98 Degrees, Billy Gilman, and Charolete Church. This is a great CD to add to that Christmas collection of yours. If you love Christmas, how could you not enjoy this album? I loved all the songs on this CD. Some of them are original Christmas songs and others are Christmas classics. This CD can make it feel like Christmas even in the mid-summertime. So if you love Christmas, I highly recommend that you buy this album - it's a must!
1881273156|5.0|Very well put together and easy to read. Not only was it enlightening in terms of how both my significant other and I think and act/react differently to different types of expressions of love and affection in different situations within our relationship, but it also helped me better understand other significant relationships in my life, ie: with family and close friends. One thing that is good about this book is that the author puts things in very plain language, without too much psycho-babble. I'm not affiliated with christianity, but I was impressed with Dr. Chapman's ability to keep his religious beliefs separate from the subject matter at hand. I found it to be a very basic manual for relationships from which anyone, regardless of their religious affiliation or spiritual path, will be able to absorb and digest alot of good information. Also, this information is excellent for both singles as well as couples. If you're in a relationship that is going badly this information can help you turn things around (if you apply it), and if your relationship is already great it can help you keep it that way (or make it even better).
1891252089|5.0|Lots of pictures help with figuring out a pose if you learn Ashtanga Yoga, like I do, without the benefit of a live teacher. Swenson also provides examples of how to adjust a pose for the flexibility challenged.  <br />Plus, it's spiral bound! It's amazing how the little things can make a big difference: I can actually look at the book and do the pose at the same time...
0375703861|1.0|With all the great reviews and promise of an exciting new voice, I purchased the book to read on vacation.  It took an enormous amount of effort to finish it.  Yes, her mastery of several types of ethnic dialog is to be applauded but the story was painfully long and hard to read for something that didn't seem to say anything.  She jumps from past to present from one paragraph to the next which confused me... it took me the next 3 paragraphs to figure out that she had jumped into a story from the past.  And the end of the story was not indicative of the rest of the book. She spends 448 pages in excruciating detail about mindless stuff only to abruptly end the story in the last 2 paragraphs of the book - almost like she actually got tired of the story too.<br />I've read some of her other writings and was impressed - which made this book a real let-down.
6300183483|5.0|One of the first science fiction films I saw and still one of the best (defintly the most underatted). Lance Guest stars as Alex Grogan a teenager who dreams of one day leaving his trailer park home with his girlfriend Maggy (Caterine Mary Stewart) and becoming someone successful, despite the insults from his so-called friends. His chance comes when he breaks the record on a Starfighter video game. He is then whisked away to a far off planet, thanks to help of Centauri (an alien talent scout), played brilliantly by Robert Preston. He discovers the Starfighter game is more like a training simulation and that the story the 'game' centers on is real and brought to life in a distant galaxy.<BR>Okay the special effects look seriously dated compared to todays standards but Lance Guest is wonderful as the young teenager who must switch between being a regular guy and Han Solo type gunfighter. Robert Preston stands out as the supporting act, totally convincing as a wise-cracking money grabber. The bad guys take the form of monstrous creatures led by the annoying, somewhat hammy Zur. But there is a good distinction between them and the good guys, Star League. Somewhat like Star Wars, the enemies aren't too evil just bad enough to boo and hiss at.<BR>The film moves at a steady pace and there are some great moments featuring Alex's clone while the real Alex saves the universe.<BR>The Last Starfighter is a science fiction classic waiting to be rediscovered and remastered.
B0000057C5|5.0|I first learned of Rammstein from the family values video, because I had like Limp and Korn at the time. Simply put, this is the best album money can buy. German lyrics? What does it matter, if you want them, look them up online, who can hear every lyric anyway? Music itself is foremost important to the lyrics. This is Rammstein's best, they have their music technically perfected, and I have seen them live and it was beautiful. It's just the most perfect blend of guitars and drums and bass, with Flake's keyboards adding an industrial/not quite gothic or black metal feel that really adds to Rammstein. This cd and Live Aus Berlin are always in my cd player even though I've had this since 99.<BR>If you like Rammstein try,<BR>Megaherz<BR>Weissglut<BR>Samael<BR>Dimmu Borgir<BR>Cradle of Filth
B00005A46T|4.0|All those people out there can never call Slipknot a nu metal sellout. These guys rocked so hard that I almost died. [...]. \\"The Heretic Anthem\\" offers some singable lyrics. \\"Left Behind\\" is in my opinion, way better than the equivalent, \\"Wait and Bleed\\" from the self titled. Also \\"New Abortion\\" is very haunting as he chants, \\"You can't take my soul away from me\\". The title track is haunting, but boring. I saw these guys when they came around on offest and they played the new stuff a month before it was out. It was so great that I knew I would have to purchase it [...]and was very pleased. IF YOU EVER GET TO SEE THEM LIVE GO AND SEE THEM. They are the best live because of the raw emotion and dedication to the music. This cd is definitly for the maggots who truly love their music. If you want more singable songs and a better cd go grab the self-titled.
B00003CXN4|3.0|It was entertaining enough to let it run to the end but I thought it lacked a lot in continuity and left a lot to fill in,<BR>Also was not particularly impressed with Mr Douglas's performance
B000002NJS|5.0|Ray of Light is Madonna's best album since Like A Prayer in my opinion. From the slow, powerful tunes of Mer Girl and Candy Perfume Girl to the fast dancy tracks Ray of Light and Nothing Really Matters, this album hits home &quot;quicker then a Ray of Light&quot;, offering all electronica has to give.<br />Substitute For Love/Drowned World - A powerful song describing her relationships, from the opening blips to the ending words, this song is definetly one of the best on the album. Extremely powerful as well, immediatly proving this album is going to be a keeper. <br />GRADE: 9.7/10<br />Swim - Somewhere in between the slow SFL/DW and the dance track Ray of Light, Swim is another masterpiece straight from the electronica general store. Madonna describes how &quot;we can't carry these sins on our back don't wanna carry anymore. I'm gonna carry this train off the track gonna swim to the ocean floor.&quot; <br />GRADE: 8.9/10<br />Ray of Light - We've all heard it. Madonna's best dance tune since Vogue from 1990's &quot;I'm Breathless&quot;. It ends the era of the slow songs of &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot; and &quot;Something To Remember&quot;, which had very few dancey tunes. (STR none at all.) This song is one of my favorite Madonna tracks, well actually what got me into Madonna in the first place! &quot;And I feel like I just got home....&quot; <br />GRADE: 9.9/10<br />Candy Perfume Girl - A sensual ballad, extremely powerful, kinda a electronic version of &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot;. Not really one of my preference but different people have different tastes. <br />GRADE: 8.0/10<br />Skin - What can I say? Electronica with that friendly mysteriousness. One more gem in a long line of diamonds and emeralds.<br />GRADE: 8.5/10<br />Nothing Really Matters - One of the more dancy songs on the album, altering between slow and fast. With that message that has been re-said over and over since &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; and before. But of course Madonna puts a new spinon it. (With a little aid from electronica :))The video didn't make a lot of sense to me, but the song is awesome! &quot;Love is all we need!&quot;<br />GRADE: 9.2/10<br />Sky Fits Heaven - Another awesome track, starting out with the songs theme, Sky Fits Heaven so fly it... Building up to the chorus. After the first chorus the song begins to speed up. Not really one of the dance songs I love Madonna for, but still a masterpiece! And definetly one of the gems to buy Ray of Light for! <br />GRADE: 9.0/10<br />Shanti/Ashtangi - What is it about songs in another language? Mysterious, dancy, with that meaningful edge. I personally never read the English translation, I think that it spoils all the mystery and fun. Give this song one spin before you ruin it and read the translation in the booklet. <br />GRADE: 9.3/10<br />Frozen - Another track on the subject of love. The best love song on the album after the first track. This is another song that shows how well Madonna melds electronica with pop. The video had some kick butt effects as well... <br />GRADE: 8.9/10<br />The Power of Goodbye - A song of love lost, you will fall instantly in love with this song. One of my favorites on this album it absoulutely ROCKS! &quot;There's no greater power then the power of goodbye...&quot;<br />GRADE: 9.5/10<br />To Have and Not to Hold - A confusing song to me, the more I tug at it, the more I get caught up in it. Haunting, and has a quality that I can't put my finger on that often puts me straight to sleep at night. See this album isn't just for great listening, its for easy sleeping at night! ;) &quot;Like a moth to a flame&quot;...<br />GRADE: 8.5/10<br />Little Star - Madonna was a mother when Ray of Light came out, its only appropriate for her to have a song for her daughter. It provides easy listening, where you can just relax. <br />GRADE: 8.5/10<br />Mer Girl - For the record, this is the only song on this record I don't especially love. The album has slowed down considerably since the 10th track. (The Power of Goodybe.) Halfway through the song begins to start to get boring for me. But, like the rest of the album, you have to let it grow on you. The song has a feeling of escape, which we can all understand.<br />GRADE: 7.5/10<br />Ray of Light deserves a place on everyone's shelf. If you can appreciate it you can love it. I've said this about a lot of Madonna albums, but you really haven't HEARD her until you've heard this. Here, Madonna truely showed the potential of electronica. Bottom line, BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!!!
0790733226|5.0|This movie truely did justice to the vision of Carl Sagan. Watch, listen, and enjoy...<br />PS<BR>The world is a lesser place without Carl Sagan. May he rest in peace.
B00003CXSP|1.0|After reading all the comments about Hannibal being 'overly disgusting' I figured it was right up my alley. In my opinion, I am much more adept to grotesque movies than the rest of the population so the idea of not watching this movie simply because it was 'gross' was not even considered.<BR>This movie is like watching Speed 2 meets American Psycho, everything is forced and nothing is believable. Too much fake action and blood and guts for no apparent reason. There are a few scences in this movie that were overly disgusting, but did not bother me personally. The ending of the movie, where one of his victims is walking around with his skull cut in half, but still concious is just.. vomit inducing. He proceeds to feed the man pieces of his own brain, while they carry on a normal conversation. If the movie wasn't overly done, overly gross, and actually had a plot.. it might get a better rating.<BR>Also the fact that it's a sequel to one of the best movies of all times, I expected much more out of it. I currently own 150 dvd's, and this is the first one I am going to throw away. I have no interest in watching this crap ever again, and wish I had never put these images into my head.. because now I can't get them out.
0767849493|5.0|This was the first ViewAskew movie I saw. Rather out of order I know but it worked to get me hooked. I'm not Catholic, or even Christian for that matter, but I have a working knowledge of the theology, so I got all the jokes in the movie and found the movie hilarious.  It was just too perfect, and Alanis Morrisette as the Great One was priceless.
B00005JH7D|5.0|What it might sound like for Marcus Miller to play the Chapman Stick--that miracle axe that lets a bass player transcend his traditional place in the rhythm section. But then again, Miller has always been able to achieve that with his plain old mass-produced Fender bass. So maybe adding a Stick to his arsenal would be a step in the wrong direction. Miller grows more and more with each album. In 3-and-change albums (the partial is two studio tracks on his live set) he's gone from a bassist capable of not only playing lead on those same four strings, plus he's a good enough keyboard player to provide the middle part. Now he's parlayed his keyboard abilities into the ability to arrange for players of instruments he doesn't play--like a string trio AND the great Branford Marsalis and Wayne Shorter on sax. Not only that, he's ambitious enough to arrange parts that he'd prefer a better keyboardist than himself playing (like Herbie Hancock, for instance). That's been a defining factor to Donald Fagen's greatness for a generation. And like I stated in another review, Marcus Miller can reveal bottom-end capabilities you didn't know your speakers had! If you already have &quot;The Sun Don't Lie&quot; and &quot;Tales&quot;, you're already on track to appreciate this one. If not, any of the three will do as a start.
6303430570|3.0|All right, I would love to say I enjoyed this movie throughly. But unfortunately, I can't.  This was...well...not really all that good. Dont' get me wrong, Kevin Smith is brilliant, but the humor was just too dark in this first movie. Later on, in his other movies, Kevin really lets his true self shine, but if you're looking for a good movie to start your obsession of ViewAskew Productions, don't start with this one.
B00002Z88D|4.0|With seven mulit-platinum albums and numerous radio hits under their belts, a live/greatest hits album was a good move for Metallica. The idea of combining two of the most powerful types of music, heavy metal and classical, was ingenious. At times, Metallica and the San Fransisco Symphony work perfectly together, the songs sound richer and fuller with the addition of the symphony. This combination seemed to work best with their older, pre-Black Album songs. &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; sounds just as incredible as ever (many consider this the quintessential Metallica song, including myself). &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls,&quot; &quot;Call of Ktulu,&quot; &quot;Battery&quot; and &quot;One&quot; all sound incredible here. Unfortunately, the symphony doesn't always meld so well with Metallica. Some of the newer songs played live here sound uneven and uninspired with the symphony, particularly &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot; and &quot;Sad But True.&quot; Still, some of their newer material sounds even better here than on the original albums. &quot;Fuel&quot; has incredible force to it, and &quot;Until it Sleeps&quot; is even more sinister with the symphony. A few other things the album could have improved upon, though. First of all, I noticed in some cases the lyrics to the songs are changed, just in order to add some vulgarities, which I really dislike. The lyrics to &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; and &quot;One&quot; are incredible and intelligent at the same time, and the unneccasary languaqe detracts from it. Also, some of the song choices could have been better. &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; and &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; are hardly Metallica's best material. Where's &quot;Seek &amp; Destroy,&quot; &quot;Fade to Black,&quot; &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Sanitarium&quot;? Some of their most essential songs are missing here, which also dissapointed me. Still, with the material that is here, it is a good album worth owning.
1884737994|5.0|Not enough women work on their own bikes.  One excellent competitive rider I knew used to call a taxi if she had a flat tire.  No kidding.  I started going beyond changing tires just a few years ago with the help of another book (Bicycling Magazine's Bike Maintenance and Repair), and have been grateful to that book for getting me started.  Every cable replaced or hub overhauled is a small victory.<br />After a recent mountain bike holiday in Spain, my cousin and I both replaced our 8- or 9-year old bikes. I meant to send her a copy of Bicycling Mag's book, but the reviews for Zinn's looked better.  I sent her one, and ordered one for myself as well.<br />I'm glad I put myself in the loop.  I'm impressed by Zinn's thoughtful attention to detail:  He seems to always answer the &quot;yeah, but&quot; question in my mind.  His writing style is easy-going and humorous, but not much is left out.  I especially appreciate some of the appendices, including a trouble shooting index, torque table, pedal-cleat compatibility chart, and others.<br />This is from my cousin's thank-you note:<br />&quot;I got the birthday present that you ordered for me.  I actually got it a few days ago and have been with my nose in it ever since.  I have fine-tuned my cleats and am now going to make a few adjustments on my shocks.  I feel better just having a clearer understanding of the mechanics of my bike.  Doing routine maintenance is something I always wanted to do but in the past was too intimidated to try---no more!&quot;
B000002WNP|5.0|I go WAY BACK in terms of being an ELVIS fan and was thrilled when they started issuing material on CD. Of all my boxes though, the 6o's box set (and its companion movie soundtrack set) find themselves residing ina separate cartridge for my car changer. The song lineup is awesome and really makes you wonder-where did he find time to record all of this stuff in between all the movies he made. Yes, there are detractors out there who said Elvis lost all his musical talent when he went into the army, but he came back stronger and more able to handle ANY type of material, not just rock and roll. To prove what I'm saying, just put disc 1 with the whole of the ELVIS IS BACK album including the singles he cut right away on your CD player and listen. He'd been away from the RCA studios for 2 whole years, yet his voice was still powerful, his band was hot and everything clicked. No wonder &quot;Stuck On You/Fame And Fortune&quot; went on to sell a million (in 45 format). The resat of the set just continues on that way. For further 1960's ELVIS enlightenment, check out the companion to this box-Elvis Command Performances (2 CDS) and either Amazing Grace-Greatest Gospel or Peace In The Valley 92 or 3 CDs depending on the set you choose). Elvis could and would sing anything even to the chagrin of his music publishers. All I say is listen and you'll hear pure magic in the making. It also helps not to have vinyl scratching accompanying it. Enjoy!!!
0060987464|5.0|Reading this book has been the weirdest experiences of my life, and I definitely recomend that, even if you aren't a fan, to read this. It is disturbing, though, but one can draw a vision of the world and how messed up it is. He states things that he has done, people around him have done, and paints a beautiful pi cture of himself growing up till he completes the book. This is a must have!!!!!
B00003CXP1|2.0|An ultra-depressing, ultra-dark, and ultra-overrated form-over-substance exercise in frenetic camera work.  And even if you're one of the those clamoring over each other on the worship bandwagon, can you honestly say this is something you like owning and watching more than once?  Even in its best lights, this film is very draining to watch and doesn't count anywhere near repeated entertainment value in my book.  As for its vaunted theme, is it really &quot;drugs are bad&quot;?  I'm not convinced, but since that seems to be the concensus, my two cents on that note: duh.<br />Ignore the hype and try to see a clip of this nightmare-on-a-disc before you shell out the bucks.  Chances are that'll give you a good feel for whether it really will be a keeper for you (though my money's on not).  <br />This is a good film to help push you over the edge in your darker moments, or as a shining example of why Aronofsky's work is so overrated.  Otherwise, it's one to avoid, for your own peace of mind if nothing else (and there's plenty else).
0385335482|5.0|I LOVED this book. What more can I say except READ IT. I have been looking for a book like this for a very long time. I read Bridget Jones's Diary (kind of on the same wavelength as Sophie Kinsella's Shopaholic)...and that was okay, but this one definitely takes the cake.
B000002RXS|4.0|&quot;Callas IS Carmen&quot; was the original ad slogan for this recording when it was released in 1964, toward the end of the diva's stage career. Carmen is the role that one perhaps most regrets that she never essayed on stage, for her personal charisma and acting abilities no doubt would have resulted in a memorable live characterization.<br />That being said, what remains? Despite the fact that Carmen is a mezzo role, and was thus a wise choice for Callas in her vocal estate at that time, there are uncomfortable moments--unsteadiness on forte held notes near the top of the staff, and a pervasive inability to sing softly above a certain point. Her powers of vocal characterization are undiminished, but one misses a certain amount of charm and sexiness that, for example, Victoria de los Angeles effortlessly brings to the role in _her_ classic recording. Nevertheless, in common with all of her work, Callas' interpretation is a commanding accomplishment.<br />Her supporting cast is very strong--Don Jose is an excellent role for Nicolai Gedda, always at home in the French repertory. Guiot and Massard are of course at ease in their native language, and sing their roles more than capably. Pretre's conducting is not outstanding but more than adequate. The standard edition is used, with the Guiraud recitatives in place of the original spoken dialogue. Listeners committed to Callas certainly need to have this recording--listeners committed to Carmen need it and several others.
6305428220|4.0|THE FACULTY is one of those &quot;teen-scream&quot; films that are just meant to provide cheap thrills, and this movie definitely fills the bill. The basic plot concerns alien parasites who take over the faculty of a small Ohio high school and soon practically rule the entire town. Only an odd and small collection of popular and outcast students can save the day. Josh Hartnett as &quot;2nd year in a row&quot; senior Zeke and Elijah Wood as put-upon Casey lead this gallant crew and turn in fine performances. However, it is the talented cast in the faculty roles that really shine. Robert Patrick is appropriately strange as the football coach, while Selma Hayak is amusing as the school nurse nursing a VERY bad cold. While her role is relatively small, Piper Laurie does a chilling turn as the possessed drama coach. Famke Janssen shines as the meek English teacher, who becomes a sex-pot under the alien influence. Bebe Neuwirth (Lillith of CHEERS and FRASIER fame)adds her strong screen presence to the role of school principal. The movie goes at a good clip and keeps the suspense and thrills coming. Overall, this is a fun flick, which I recommend.
B0000028UK|4.0|Raw and occasionally violent, yet tinged by touches of compassion, Vs. is not Pearl Jam's best, but an important stepping stone as the band began to find their unique sound, veering between hard, dark, cynical rock and deeply touching ballads.<BR> Vs. is a quantum leap forward after Ten, which, while a classic, was by no means earth-shattering as a whole. Ament and Gossard became more experimental with their sound, veering away from the conventional throbbing support for the lyrics. A more raw, acoustic taste was utilised, allowing Vedder's amazing voice to come into its own as an integral and unique part of their sound. Highlights include the entire first 9 minutes (Go, Animal and Daughter fuse together perfectly), as well as Rearviewmirror and Elderly Woman. It is fitting that PJ would reach their zenith with their next 2 albums, Vitalogy and Yield.
0375703861|1.0|When a writer has something important and meaningful to say about our society, commonsense suggests that the most effective way to communicate his or her message to the reader would be to write what is first and foremost an entertaining book. I'm sorry to say that Zadie Smith clearly has little respect for such a notion, because WHITE TEETH is unbelievably dull. Don't get me wrong; if preachy, long-winded diatribes, mannered dialogue, cultural/religious stereotypes and creaky 'Look at me! Aren't I clever?!' prose is your cup of tea, then you will be in heaven. But if you're looking for a truly exciting, powerful and intelligent debut book from a talented young writer, I would strongly suggest that you read either THE BEACH by Alex Garland, PROZAC NATION by Elizabeth Wurtzel, GENERATION X by Douglas Coupland, FIGHT CLUB by Chuck Palahniuk, or THE VIRGIN SUICIDES by Jeffrey Eugenides instead. Just because everyone else has fooled themselves into thinking that Smith's novel is the best thing since sliced bread doesn't mean that you have to as well. WHITE TEETH is mind-numbing, overrated, overwritten tedium. DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!
B000002AZ8|5.0|Their best and deeply brilliant in my opinion. There's something so intangibly dark and violent bubbling just beneath the surface, and with songs dealing with death, religion, love, lust, and wasted life, this is a sweeping epic of cynicism and melancholy. Coupled with a highly original CD cover concept (excerpts from an often hilariously outdated medical textbook) which seems to complement and reflect its musical contents so well, it doesn't get much better than this in my book.<BR>I'm not going to do my usual &quot;this song is good, so is this song, so is this song...&quot; simply because the album's entirity is it's main strength. OK, so &quot;Bugs&quot; and &quot;Stupid Mop&quot; tend to get annoying if you're listening casually, but in the right context and mood they can actually become bearable and add to the mystery of Pearl Jam's musical vision.<BR>There are so many small touches which add to the bizarre aura of Vitalogy. The slightly off-kilter beat of &quot;Last Exit&quot;, the grating guitar riff of &quot;Tremor Christ&quot;, the addictive weirdness of &quot;Pry, To&quot; and &quot;Satan's Bed&quot;, the clever, sarcastic lyricism which permeates the entire album, and of course &quot;Better Man&quot;, the beautiful, balladic classic which tends to stick out through the unconventionality like a sore thumb.<BR>After reading through many negative, as well as some frankly confused, customer reviews, I now appreciate Vitalogy even more. It's not for everyone. You either &quot;get&quot; it or you don't.
B00005JG6Q|1.0|But alas it is now naught but not good.  They totally destroyed one of my favorite productions, as well as a great memory of my youth.  The voice acting is horrible, and the whole plot was dulled for a general audience of us \\"stupid Americans.\\"  If you want this movie, try looking around for an older VHS copy.  I just can't believe that they took out \\"Bitchin'.  I feel like I could take on the world today!\\"  and replaced it with something stupid like \\"I have new amazing mental powers.  Let me use them to mind wrastle with these blue childern who also have powers.\\"  Okay, maybe not that bad, but pretty close.
B00005MAM2|5.0|But I'll try anyway.<br />I'm just now seriously getting into anime, thanks to my roommate.  Of course, even people who haven't watched a piece of anime in their lives have heard of AKIRA.  It seems to be considered by many *the* definitive anime.<br />So when I heard that a new, more faithful dub would be released on DVD--with a second disc full of extras--I considered this a great opportunity to leap into it with both feet.<br />I just finished watching the English dub, and let me say I was totally blown away.  First away, this was the best dub of an anime I've ever seen.  The VAs were very good, and my roommate told me that this was much more accurate than the old English dub, which I haven't seen.<br />Pioneer's remastering of the video was well worth it.  The animation looks as if it could have been drawn yesterday, but this film is more than a decade old.  The audio remix was nice as well.  And the &quot;capsule option&quot; that explained all the Japanese signs and such was very helpful.<br />The disc full of extras was astounding.  The sheer mass of stills was mindblowing, nearly 5000!  Add to that an interview with the creator/writer/director, a behind-the-scenes look at the music and the remastering, and original Japanese trailers...WOW!<br />As for AKIRA itself, I can't say much without ruining it; much of the enjoyment comes from having things revealed.  I'll just say that it involves Kaneda and Tetsuo, two members of a motorcycle gang, and what happens when they encounter a fugitive on the run from the military.<br />Overall--Highest possible recommendation!  Buy now!
0736649360|4.0|This is a touching, sad and happy story of an unusually perceptive boy's freshman year in high school. Through Charlie's letters to his friend, we read about his relationships with friends, family, books, and teachers, and learn some of their stories, too. You empathize with and root for Charlie throughout, but it's definitely not sap or saccharine, and that keeps it real. <br />As much as this novel brings back memories of some painful times, it also gave me hope that my kids might experience it differently. <br />Eric Cazenove is a wonderful narrator for this work. His performance of Charlie hits just the right notes; I'm very glad I heard this book through his voice.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna will always have my support forever. Like a tree that don't move. And I have supported her for many years until now. Her album ray of light sounds really good. Like for example the songs the power of goodbye, frozen. She is talented.
B000002TQV|5.0|This album is excellent.  You should definetly get it.  A perfect rock radiohead album!
1570426457|4.0|This is my introduction to both Michael Connelly and his detective character, Harry Bosch. Fortunately, the book is written so the reader can enjoy it without prior knowledge of the hero or his world. It opens with Bosch being awakened to investigate a double homocide, one of which is a local celebrity lawyer who makes a living suing the police. The investigation ranges all over, including a dominatrix, a child pornography web site, and a local automobile dealer tycoon.<BR>Some of the strong points Connelly brings to this story are his seeming knowledge of police procedures and the realistic, modern feel. His mentions of the LA riots lend images to the fears in the story that this murder, possibly racially motivated, may give rise to further violence.<BR>Burt Reynolds read this version of the audiobook. He has the ideal voice for Harry Bosch, and a good sound for detective mysteries in general, but not much vocal range. All the characters in the book sounded like Burt Reynolds.  What was good for Bosch didn't quite work out for some other characters, especially the women. I kept picturing female characters in in dresses with bushy mustaches.
0425179877|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I stumbled across it at an airport bookstore and from then on -- couldn't put it down 'til I was finished.<br />The story is very interesting and provides insight to the 'other side' of the US Space Program development.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I really love this movie because its got many different things going for it. Baz is a great filmmaker the way he presents the story is wonderful. The whole dark scenario of the movie is simply great. I mean you've got True Love, music, and Death, what more could anyone ask for?
0312263120|5.0|Very different.  Fast moving and exciting.  Informative for those not familiar with computers and an eye opener with those activities and programs kept from the public by the Government.<BR>Would definitely recommend for those who want a break from more serious reading.  Doesn't talk down to you.
B000006NPY|5.0|I bought this CD because I love the Pumpkins, and I wanted to hear this &quot;musical departure&quot; for myself. Upon my first listen, I made a disastrous mistake...I skipped over some songs, because they were taking too long, started too slowly, etc. without listening all the way through. (A previous reviewer made the same mistake as I did). I then dismissed it as a mere whim of Billy Corgan's, or possibly even a joke. <br />Months later, bored in my room, I decided, &quot;Hey, I'll listen to Adore again.&quot; I sat back, started the CD, and I was blown away. How had I missed the pure beauty of this album? The fact that I had skipped over &quot;To Sheila&quot;, and &quot;Behold the Night Mare&quot; just appalled me. After my listen, I came to the conclusion that Adore is an album so close to my heart that it threatens to cut it.<br />Adore is a priceless gem (can something like that exist?) that is a much-needed departure from &quot;regular&quot; Pumpkins. Sure, every other Pumpkins album is great, but Adore is where true songwriting perfection (almost...) lies.
0553288105|5.0|I knew Asimov's work mostly through his Robot stories and the Foundation series, so I thought it was about time to read one of his independent standing novels. What better way than to start with his Hugo and Nebula awards winning novel from the early 70ies? <BR><BR>`The Gods Themselves' is about abundance of free energy and the dangers caused by it. Although on the surface it looks like a hard science novel, the science is only used to describe a too frequent human behavior: in face of free energy, would humanity become careless and threaten the existence of the very planet they live on? <BR><BR>Asimov described this in three parts; all parts could even stand as (nearly) independent from each other, although they share the same history, but (mostly) different characters. <BR><BR>The first part is about the invention of the Electron Pump which sucks energy from a parallel Universe, and about how an outlaw scientist discovers the dangers related to the Pump and therefore will be discredited by the scientific community. The third part is about how the problem will be solved on the moon by another discredited scientist and a lunar intuitionist. <BR><BR>The best part, according to most critics (including me), is the middle part, where the very strange inhabitants of the parallel Universe are described. Which starts as a very hard read (not only are the aliens so different, even the physical properties of their Universe are different), develops into one of the most accomplished created alien races of all times and shows that Asimov was a true visionary. <BR><BR>Now, nearly 30 years after the birth of this novel, some of the (human) characters seem a bit dated, but apart from that, Asimov makes us think a lot and proves beyond doubt that he was - together with Arthur C. Clarke - the undisputed king of science fiction. <BR>
B00005LOLD|5.0|When I was a teenager, James Michner was publishing his early books, &quot;Fires of Spring&quot; &quot;Tales from the South Pacific&quot; &quot;Bridges at Toko-Ri&quot; &quot;Sayonara&quot; &quot;Until They Sail&quot; and &quot;Hawaii.&quot;  I saved my allowance and bought all these books, and though I've traveled extensively and moved many times, I've hung onto them. They affected my life more than anything else I've read, and they point to the fact that the issues so often seen as &quot;arising&quot; in the 1960s (racism, sexism, pacifism) were really issues in the 1950s.<br />Sayonara stars Marlon Brando as Major Lloyd Gruber, a U.S. Air Force field officer stationed in Japan, who is destined to follow in his father's footsteps and become one of the &quot;joint chiefs&quot; if he plays his cards right. Toward that end, his father does not want him to do anything to jeopardize his career--especially the unthinkable--marry &quot;indigeous personnel&quot; as the Japanese were called in U.S. occupied Japan. Lloyd is to marry a young woman who is the daughter of a fellow senior officer. I won't tell you how the story develops but just say the book and the film are different.<br />James Michener was in the Navy and he married a Japanese woman.  He went on to teach English in Texas and put together a handsome collection of Japanese prints when they were inexpensive. Michener never forgot his WWII experiences and he captured them in his books. In the fifties, military personnel began to marry War Brides as they were called. By the 1960s when I was a Marine officer's wife, many of my fellow wives were from foreign countries in Europe, Asia, and Africa. I did not understand why the U.S. had race problems since the military was so well integrated--at least in base housing.<br />One of the most touching sights I recall from those days was the Japanese wives leaving the PX theater in tears after the showing of Sayonara, which was playing in military theaters 20 years after it opened. This is a beautiful film, and shows a Japan that is still recovering from the aftermath of war, but nevertheless beautiful.  It is difficult to understand how the people who created the tea ceremony could also have produced such fierce warriors. It's important to remember that Sayonara takes place a mere 8 years after the end of WWII.  The Bataan Death March and other atrocities were still pretty fresh, and yet the American public loved this film and loved Michener's books.  Their response says much about their ability to forgive.er it opened. This is a beautiful film, and shows a Japan that is still recovering from the aftermath of war, but nevertheless beautiful.  It is difficult to understand how the people who created the tea ceremony could also have produced such fierce warriors. It's important to remember that Sayonara takes place a mere 8 years after the end of WWII.  The Bataan Death March and other atrocities were still pretty fresh, and yet the American public loved this film and loved Michener's books.  Their response says much about their ability to forgive.
6303212379|5.0|This is by far one of the best movies ever made! Sloth is my favorite character. I love the way he shouts &quot;Hey, you guys!&quot; It's hilarious! Chunk is a close second with his &quot;truffle shuffle&quot;. If you haven't seen this movie, go buy it. You will love it! If you have seen it and you loved it, I suggest Big Trouble In Little China. It's even better than The Goonies!
B00000294R|5.0|&quot;How come, you can listen to my first al-bum, and tell where a lot of n!gg@s got they whole style from?&quot; - Big L. Well this was Big L's first album, and he wasn't lying. Big L served as the mentor for Mase (before he sold out for P Diddy), McGruff, Jay Z, Cam'ron and many other talents. Sadly he died when he was on the verge of blowing up, himself.<br />This album, Big L's debut, is great. Although his voice isn't as silky smooth as it is in &quot;The Big Picture&quot; his flows and lyrics are both excellent. My only real problem with this album was that some of its beats were kind of over-simple.<br />As an interesting bit of trivia, Big L was dropped from his label after this album didn't sell well enough. However, like many artists, after his death his sales increased signigicantly. However this album is good enough that it really shouldn't have needed that tragedy to boost its sales.<br />Overall, although The &quot;Big Picture&quot; is a bit better, this is a very good album. I'd recommend it for any fan of gangsta rap.
B000002B7Y|5.0|If you hate comercial glam metal (a.k.a. pop metal), but like Ozzy's non-Jake E. Lee albums, you will love this album. It is Ozzy's least comercial album and that's why it was forgotten. Ozzy started going down hill immediately after Blizzard. Diary was good, but rushed and more comercial. Bark at the Moon--well, some of the album is good, but the title track really disappoints. The Ultimate Sin is glam metal, hands down. Ozzy was briefly an MTV pop star. Not one of his better moments. Wicked, however is as good as Blizzard. I also suggest No More Tears, which was a very different Ozzy from the 1980's madman. Wicked shows Ozzy in a transitional period between party animal and dignified entertainer. Most importantly, Wicked contains Ozzy Osbourne's most underrated material.
0790729369|5.0|Can you believe putting a great movie like this out in &quot;Pan and Scan&quot;  So much of the original movie is lost it is a real shame.
B00003CXP0|5.0|Wow. That is pretty much the only word that can summarize this amazing movie. If you have read the preceding reviews, you may already know the summary to this movie. It is about the absolute extreme horrors of drug addiction on the seedy streets of Coney Island. First of all, I would like to say that Ellen Burstyn's stellar performance should have destroyed Julia Roberts' in that other movie. She absolutely steals the entire movie. <BR> There also is a bit of humor thrown into the movie in various parts to take away from the super-depressive nature of this film. The score is amazing and fits in perfectly with the movie. If you haven't seen this amazing movie, I would suggest going out and renting it tonight. But, if you are planning to do anything afterwards, you may want to cancel. This movie will completely drain you. Go rent it tonight!
0790729369|5.0|Can you believe putting a great movie like this out in &quot;Pan and Scan&quot;  So much of the original movie is lost it is a real shame.
B0000028RR|4.0|Wow, I don't really like a whole lot of rapmetal, but this is pretty good stuff.  When I got this album, I never expected to like it, but I do.  Tom Morello is a great guitarist, good enough to give Jimi the Hendrix a run for his money.  He lends some really great solos, and rather weird effects.  I especially like the songs &quot;Bombtrack&quot;, &quot;Killing in the Name&quot;, and &quot;Settle for Nothing&quot;.  Some of the songs on here aren't anything special, but the good ones make up for it.  I don't really care much for the rapping, I would prefer more variety in the vocals, but it's surprisingly not that bad.  The political lyrics are excellent (stick it to the man!), I admire a band that's not afraid to speak their minds.  If you like rapmetal, buy this.  Also buy if you appreciate good guitar playing.  If you like this, you'd probably also like Biohazard.  And, Rage's other albums are okay too, but this here's the best.<br />Rage, baby, rage!
B000000ISD|5.0|&quot;War&quot; is a sensational album that has already become a classic in the annals of rock music. There's not a bad cut on this album. I highly recommended it!<br />Song Summary:<br />Sunday Bloody Sunday: For all the airplay this song has received over the years, it's still a good song that has something of a timeless quality to it. This is one of U2's signature songs that not only cries for help but also offers hope. Grade: B<br />Seconds: An apocalyptic piece that features an evocative rhythm section from Mullen and Clayton. Good vocal by Edge. Grade: B+<br />New Year's Day: Another song that has apocalyptic overtones. Features a screeching guitar, driving bass, a razor-sharp acoustic piano and an in-your-face vocal performance from Bono. Great anthem, great song. Grade: A<br />Like A Song: Larry Mullen hits the drums with full intensity and Edge's guitar will scorch your speakers on this one. An intense song that features a hard-hitting bass and a passionate vocal performance from Bono. Score: B+ <br />Drowning Man: A haunting yet pensive number that uses an electric violin to convey the mood here. Like many of U2's songs, this one includes a passage from Scripture (in this case, Isaiah) to underscore its message. Grade: A<br />The Refugee: A political commentary on the plight of a Latin American refugee. Larry Mullen's drum work dominates this piece. Good vocal performance from Bono. Grade: B<br />Two Hearts Beat As One: The second single from this album. Nice guitar work from Edge and Bono's scat-like singing make this one of the more distinctive cuts on the album. Grade: B<br />Red Light: One of my favorite cuts on this disc. The combination of background vocal harmonies, solid guitar work from Edge and the hearty sounds of a trumpet makes this one of U2's most atypical songs. Grade: A<br />Surrender: Edge dominates this song with his usual guitar prowess. Also features a resounding bass from Adam Clayton and solid drum work from Larry Mullen. Bono's vocals are solid as usual and the background vocals enhance the song's tempo. Note: As I understand it, the Martin Scorsese film, &quot;Taxi Driver,&quot; was the inspiration for this song. Grade: A+<br />&quot;40&quot;: Psalm 40 was the inspiration for this piece. Although conflict and emptiness are the main themes of this album, U2 ends it on a positive note by asserting that there is always hope. Nice acoustic guitar work complemented by a rather restrained bass and percussion. Grade: A
B000002H33|4.0|Before you hit the &quot;not helpful&quot; button, based purely on the title, please take a moment to listen to what I have to say.  This is a great album, I love every minute of it, but I really think the &quot;best album ever&quot; thing is largely just popular opinion.  I mean, yes, this album is great, and very well done, but I don't think it's anywhere near the best.  Megadeth whipped this album with &quot;Peace Sells&quot; and &quot;Rust in Peace&quot;, Slayer surpassed it with &quot;Reign in Blood&quot;, &quot;South of Heaven&quot;, and &quot;Seasons in the Abyss&quot;, Iron Maiden beat it out by far with &quot;Powerslave&quot;, and with their modern masterpiece &quot;Brave New World&quot;,  every Iced Earth album is better, and someone like Dream Theater could make this album in their sleep.  Even Metallica themselves beat this out with &quot;And Justice for All&quot;.  Let me guess, too late, you already hit the &quot;not helpful&quot; button, didn't you?  I understand.  But hey, like I said, this is good stuff.  I'm probably asking for yet another &quot;not helpful&quot; vote here, but I personally think that the title track is a bit overrated.  I like every other song on here better.  My faves would have to be &quot;Leper Messiah&quot;, &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot;, &quot;The Thing that Should Not Be&quot;, and the amazing instrumental, &quot;Orion&quot;.  But, every song on here is pretty good.  The musicianship is excellent, and the rhythms are good and heavy.  The reason I give this four stars, rather than five (and I think I sense another &quot;not helpful&quot; vote on the way) is because of the absolute mockery that Metallica has become.  I can't even listen to the old stuff anymore without being reminded of who they are today.  Musically, they're not awful, but you can't tell me they haven't changed as people in the last ten or fifteen years.  I really think the fame has gone to their heads.  About five years ago, I probably would have given thisfive stars, but I'm afraid four is the best I can do now.  I might still be able to give &quot;Justice&quot; five, but barely.  Sorry folks, but that's how I feel.  I was never the biggest Metallica fan in the first place, but things were so much better back in the day.  Maybe Dave will whip them back into shape if they do the MetaMega thing.  I certainly hope so.  In the meantime, I'll stick with Iced Earth and Dream Theater.  They'll never let me down.
6302797519|5.0|One of my all-time favorites.  Great locations, timeless story, excellent production values, and of course, a marvelous cast.  No actor is mis-cast.  The film never becomes maudlin or overly sentimental, though in another director's hand that might have happened.  It simply tells the story the way Conrad told it.My DVD library won't be complete until this is added to it.  When will it be released on DVD?
0440539811|5.0|Look, if you're even thinking about this book, you're the type of person that will enjoy it.  Keep arms and legs inside the car at all times.  Hold on.
B00003CXS4|5.0|It would be very easy to call Guy Ritchie the English Quentin Tarantino. The two directors have a great deal in common as filmmakers. They differ in one major fashion: Tarantino likes to wallow in Americana in his films, while there is no similar celebration of English culture in Ritchie's films. Ritchie also tends to be far more kinetic in his use of the camera, using a lot of jump cutting, shots with unexpectedly harsh lighting, and some almost surreal insert shots. If Quentin Tarantino were English and had watched RUN LOLA RUN twenty or thirty times, the result might be a film that very closely resembles this one.<br />The cast, many of whom are either well known in general or known from Ritchie's other hit film, LOCK, STOCK, AND TWO SMOKING BARRELS, is absolutely first rate. One of the great virtues of the film is that despite having a large cast and a devilishly complex plot, one rarely gets genuinely confused about the interrelationships among the various characters.<br />The one actor who especially impressed me was Brad Pitt. In my opinion, there are two Brad Pitts. The better known is a mildly entertaining but mainly boring romantic leading man. Star of such dull flicks as MEET JOE BLACK and LEGENDS OF THE FALL. The other Brad Pitt is one of the most effective character actors in Hollywood. We have seen this Brad Pitt before in films like THE TWELVE MONKEYS (for which he received a well-deserved Oscar nomination and won a Golden Globe for best supporting actor) and TRUE ROMANCE. Pitt stands out in this film as a gypsy who is both an extraordinary street fighter and the speaker of his own language. Approximately 10% of what Pitt says in this movie is recognizable language; the other 90% is some form of indecipherable language. But the great thing is that it never sounds like just gibberish. Personally, I wish Pitt would never make another romantic movie--whether comedy or drama--and spend all his energies as an actor on quirky character roles. He is fairly boring as a romantic actor, but is utterly remarkable in his character roles.<br />Ironical casting: One of the gypsies is portrayed by Jason Flymyng, who played Frederick Pope in THE RED VIOLIN, an English Lord who obtained the title instrument from some gypsies, one of whom he later &quot;entertained&quot; in his bedroom. The actress portraying this gypsy was the then unknown Minnie Driver.oring as a romantic actor, but is utterly remarkable in his character roles.<br />Ironical casting: One of the gypsies is portrayed by Jason Flymyng, who played Frederick Pope in THE RED VIOLIN, an English Lord who obtained the title instrument from some gypsies, one of whom he later &quot;entertained&quot; in his bedroom. The actress portraying this gypsy was the then unknown Minnie Driver.
0385484518|5.0|I hold the book in my hand when I finished it, just can not let it go, a good feeling lost for a while... I will buy extra copies for my friends.
006016848X|5.0|I've found relationship self-help books to be of dubious value - they usually rely on the quality of an author's intuition, generalized from the small population of their experience. The result tends to be very uneven, with nuggets of good advice buried in a mountain of words (and often indistinguishable from the downright bad advice!)<br />Fundamentally this book takes the same approach, relying on John Gray's intuition based on his own experiences. But the difference is that Gray's intuition proves to be dead-on, and he zeroes-in on some real issues between men and women.<br />The result is that he doesn't just present a few valuable nuggets. Rather, he describes a new way of looking at things, and this perspective shift gives you a mental framework into which to fit the specifics of your relationship.<br />The book is particularly refreshing in that it avoids laying blame on either side. It takes the approach that each side has their own (legitimate) way of looking at things, and that problems come up when we mentally filter the other person's actions through our viewpoint. This approach makes it easier to be open to our partner's way of seeing things.
B000002LKF|2.0|If clever lyrics, great musicians and cross-cultural rythyms can win you a well-deserved grammy, then why not repeat the formula ?<BR>Here's why !
6303187064|5.0|This is a beautiful movie. The emotions it charges are real.<BR>Brandon Lee did is best work, and sadly his last. There is nothing bad about this movie. It is an incredibly adaptation from the comic. It isn't exactly the same as the comic, but it defines itself in a beautiful way.<BR>The movie is violent, which is the only caution I'd give to anyone. And some might say it's a movie of vengance, but I believe it is more about justice.<BR>It's also just a great action movie, with some classic and freaky scenes.<BR>But it today.
0790731452|5.0|Like much of Tim Burton's work, this movie does not fit neatly into the little categories at the video store. Its too campy to be taken seriously by those looking for serious Sci-Fi, too much horror and death for those looking for comedy. It is a great, great spoof for those of us who do not need our movies to be easily classified. Its full of stars and there are laughs mixed in with the horror. Even the horror is done in a funny way.<br />The effect with the dogs head on Sarah's body is hilarious. Burton really pushes the limits of satire. He's a genius.
B00003CX5P|5.0|It was to be expected this movie would be critized on its story line &amp; character development. But consider this. Episode I has the far from enviable task to introduce the entire SW universe and set the major plot lines that run throughout the whole saga in about two hours.<br />In all, Episode I is a truly great prequel and yet another benchmark from Industrial Light &amp; Magic.<br />Now a response to alot of misguided fans out there,<br />Ignore the disappointed fanboys who made the mistake of watching this movie with the expectation that Lucas made this movie for that same generation only. They were kids when Star Wars blew them out of their seats and Lucas wasn't going to betray a considerable part of his original target audience.<br />And all the Episode I-bashing isn't going to cause Lucas to make the mistake of trying to redo, or even outdo the first trilogy.<br />He's adding to his vision of what it should be. And in all fairness, Lucas owns SW, he will add to his saga however he sees fit because it was his brainchild in the first place.<br />Often I've read, &quot;this is not my StarWars!&quot; Well, it's been over two decades since A New Hope and you can't make a new movie look believably vintage. They don't make 'em like they used to, get over it &amp; enjoy Episode II in 2002!
B000003S2K|5.0|From my understanding, Music for Airports was conceived to be an album literally played at airports, to soothe passengers in the terminal. It's a great idea, and it WOULD be cool to hear &quot;Airports&quot; in an actual airport. <br />If you're not familiar with Brian Eno's ambient work, the best way I can describe it is that it is minimalist music, piano and keyboards, that is perfect to go to sleep to.  I've probably played this album as I went to sleep at least 500 times.  There are probably 15-20 notes played about every ten seconds, often seemingly random, but never harsh, never annoying. It is designed to be played at low volume, and Eno even suggests an odd speaker-cabling system to achieve a kind of 'third channel' of sound. Experimental would be a great description of his ambient music. <br />Each of the four parts are somewhat similar -- none has any really LOUD moments to break up the atmosphere (unlike some of his other works, where some quite peaceful tracks would be followed by a distorted guitar or loud track that would 'bring attention' to the music).  On Ambient 4: On Land, there are insect noises in a few spots on that album that kind of break up the meditative atmosphere -- but not on Music For Airports.  Very blissful music.  From my understanding, some, many, possibly all of the notes in the piece were chosen pretty much at random, but within certain modes that make them all soothing to hear.<br />If you ARE at all familiar with his ambient works, I'll just say that I think this is his best. I'm also quite partial to &quot;Neroli,&quot; &quot;Thursday Afternoon,&quot; &quot;Discreet Music&quot; and &quot;Apollo: Atmospheres&quot;. If you've ever heard any real ambient music before, and wanted a great album of quiet, soothing background 'notes', Music For Airports is a great album.
0671027573|5.0|Linda Howard doesn't always exactly hit the mark (5 stars), but she always comes pretty close. This book was a triumph. I loved Jaine Bright - she is vivid and unforgettable. Sam is definitely the Man! This story was a tour de force (my italics key does not seem to work). All of the women were charming individuals and I didn't want to lose any of them. A great book. Very different from &quot;Son of the Morning&quot;, but just as satisfying! Can't wait 'til &quot;Open Season&quot; comes out in paperback. (Hard cover is to heavy to read in bed.)
B00005KKC1|3.0|Under excuse that my little niece needs all &quot;Abba&quot; albums I decided to buy all their re-mastered catalogue and I am swimming happilly ever after in guilt pleasure of sing-a-long &quot;Nina Pretty Ballerina&quot; while looking at extra pics &amp; reading excellent liner notes.Alas,even the pics and the liner notes can't hide the fact that their first LP was basiccaly very thin on quality - compared to later albums,this first one is just not good.Except sunny &quot;I Am Just A Girl&quot; which sounds like something from Burt Bacharach-lounge school,this LP dont have any hidden gems - bonus tracks adds forgotten &quot;Santa Rosa&quot; and Beach-Boys influenced &quot;She's my kind of Girl&quot; but the best would be hillarious swedish version of &quot;Ring Ring&quot; on which one can understand only title and a word &quot;signal&quot; (I can't stop thinking about that cook from &quot;Muppet Show&quot;).The guys were singing too much themselves,while girls still did not get proper chance to spread their wings (which is a bit strange,considering they actually had solo carrer before).At the end of song &quot;People Need Love&quot; the girls are actually YODELLING - hillarious.
B000002BE9|5.0|I have personally found it to be one of those rare albums that get better with every play.(classic) ... Her failure to \\"refine her moody piano chords into actual melodies\\"  is a jazz-like aspect of this album that only adds to its beautifully developed layers. And wow, what a voice.
B00004RF9B|5.0|Forbidden Planet is arguably the true progenitor of the modern science fiction epic. The influence this movie has had on the likes of 2001: A Space Odyssey, Star Trek, Star Wars, Alien and Aliens is clearly seen in the visuals, structure and suspense of this ground-breaking motion picture. For newcomers to this classic, compare the poster art (which reflects the sci-fi taste of the time) with the actual movie and you will see how far ahead of its time Forbidden Planet was. I was fortunate enough to have seen this movie during its original release when its special effects were still state-of-the-art. I can still remember hiding my face during some of the scenes while my big sister kept me informed of what was going on. After all of these years it is still a joy to watch. Forbidden Planet is truly timeless.
B000000WA4|5.0|This double CD has some filler tracks but it's the top-notch tracks that makes this CD a 5 star one and must-own. The great thing about the Pumpkins and Billy Corgan is the different styles they use. Tonight, Tonight is a great rock song complete with orchestra. Jellybelly and Zero are great hard rock tracks. Bullet with Butterfly Wings is a Nine Inch Nails type track. 1979 is a great pop song. Other tracks that standout include Here Is No Why, Cupid de Locke, Thirty-Three, and X.Y.U. Yes it is long and there are 28 tracks, but there are so many great tracks here that I don't mind the weaker ones. I feel that I definitely got my money's worth!
B00004Z459|5.0|So I come home from being a counselor at my church's Confermation retreat and I find one of the kids from my group forgot to give me back my Saves the Day \\"Can't Slow Down\\" cd. Instead I find Linkin Park's \\"Hybrid Theory\\" in its place in my cd case. Now as someone who is basically kept alive by punk and emo music, I thought I would just hurt my ears if I put this cd in my player. But, I actually gave it a shot and was disturbed. I was actually liking this stuff? I thought I may have had a mental lapse so I asked my brother (who likes basically the same stuff I do) what he thought of it. He came up with the same response: Hybrid Theory just rawks. Now that says a lot for this band if they can get someone who doesn't even listen to the radio anymore or dares go near the rap/metal genre with the fear of being tainted to totally dig this stuff. Every song on Hybrid Theory could be a solid single (with the exception of Cure for the Itch), and not one of the songs is really weak and leaving the listener asking for anything better. While the lyrics may not be the stongest at times, the heavy beats and screeching guitars more than make up for that. Mike Shinoda (or is it Chester Bennington?) has a really good voice for someone in this genre (or actually any genre), and the subtle words in between the screams give you a second for the adrenaline to slow its pace pounding through your head. Not only that, but I was so suprised by the utter lack of profanity that I checked to make sure I didn't have an edited version or something. After seeing that this was the real deal, I was very impressed that Linkin Park didn't have to throw in meaningless profanity just to get kids' parents up in arms about them. Compared to Limp Bizkit or Papa Roach (if someone could actually compare them to LP), Linkin Park beats them hands down. Fred Durst should take a lesson from these guys on how to rock and rap. Throwing \\"Limp Bizkit!\\" in just about every song he does might get the 10 year olds jumping up and down, but it won't do much else. By far one the best cds I've heard in a while, and this is coming from someone who usually listens to obscure emo bands mind you. Nonetheless, I still miss my Saves the Day cd. But when I do have to give Hybrid Theory back, I'm definately running to the store and picking up a copy for myself.
B000006045|5.0|I had been looking at some of the &quot;Best of Techno/Electronica&quot; lists on Amazon and this CD always seemed to be there. I had never heard of Massive Attack before but with this CD getting a composite score of 4.8 or 4.9 out of 5, I figured it was worth a gamble to buy. All I have to say is WOW!! This CD has some great vocals by the group plus by guest vocalists, major bass and beats, and even roaring guitars! The first track, Angel is a perfect example of the blending between bass and guitars. Also, Horace Andy does a good job of singing. Risingson may be my favorite track. Teardrop is up there with Risingson as Elizabeth Fraser is outstanding in singing the vocals. Inertia Creeps, Dissolved Girl, Man Next Door are all outstanding as well. There is really not a single bad track on this album. If you like hip-hop, songs with bass, electronica, and guitars, then this is a must-buy album. It might be the greatest Trip-Hop album ever.
B00003CWOL|5.0|I've seen all of Kevin Smith's movie's but this was the best. I Love all of Kevin Smith's movie's like Chasing Amey,Mallrats and Clerks but I still think Dogma Is the best. If you see this movie you will love all of Kevin Smith's movie's. Add this to your dvd collection.
0446343129|5.0|This book is truly an enjoyable read.  I really liked how it went into depth about the history behind sugar.  You can get info on the evils of sugar almost everywhere in this day &amp; age, but few books delve into history &amp; background.  I found this really interesting.  Yes, this book is definately biased against sugar ( personally, I feel that sugar substitutes are a far worse evil), but it will change the way you look at food and how food is marketed.  Buy the book, it is worth the $$.
B00004TRD8|4.0|Arnold is back in a great movie. You should buy this movie to add to your dvd collection. And there's allot of action in it to so if you like ation buy this movie.
B00003CX5P|1.0|Defenders of Episode I are quick to claim that audiences were disappointed only because their expectations were too high. But make no mistake, Episode I is a bad, bad movie. It is bad on its own, and absolutely tragic as a follow-up to the greatest sci-fi trilogy of all time.<br />With all the negative comments already made about this dissapointing movie, what else is there to say? Perhaps this: Episode I is the work of a filmmaker who no longer respects his audience or his own past accomplishments.<br />George Lucas accomplished what few artists ever do: With the original trilogy, he got millions of people the world over to invest themselves deeply in the fantasy world he created. Now, with Episode I, he trashes that lovingly created world, and spits on the loyalty of his onetime fans.<br />Did you think the Force was a mystical, secret power pervading the universe? Sorry, it's basically an infection caused by space bacteria.<br />Want sharply written banter between intriguing characters? You get the forgettable Captain Panaka, the silly Boss Nass, and the appalling Jar-Jar Binks, who, amazingly, tops Jake Lloyd on the annoy-o-meter.<br />Want a carefully-constructed plot? Sorry, you'll get only a carelessly conceived rehash of the three-battle climax of &quot;Jedi&quot; -- including yet ANOTHER evil battlestation destroyed when the hero ignites a chain reaction from the inside. After 22 years, you'd think ol' George could've cooked up a new plot twist.
B000059Z8J|5.0|I love comics and movies but this was better than any comic or any regular movie. This is a movie for the whole family. If your a comic book fan it's a must sea movie.
0913022101|2.0|Whether just badly written or badly translated, Mein Kampf is a tough read in English.  The most interesting parts are the action plans Hitler had in mind for the National Socialists.  His insights into the vapidness of the media and the political timidity of the average citizen are quite acute.  But this is far outweighed by the unsupported theorizing on race and history and by the Jew-baiting.  This was a man in a hurry, who couldn't spare the time to research or re-write this very rough draft, although in the end it did him ample service as it was.
B00004R99J|4.0|Pocahontas is a good tale that deserves to have the Disney name. While far from the most entertaining in the Disney library, this one does have some of the most spectacular animation and imagery then any of them! The film is definatley not for the very young, there is much war violence (superficial, yes, but it's still there), including some blood-free shot wounds. The story is much more mature oriented, with Pocahontas trying to end the war between her people and the white-men for the sake of her love for John Smith.<br />The film has many songs, but only a few stand out - -Oscar Award Winner &quot;Colors Of The Wind&quot; is one of them,  &quot;Around the River Bend&quot;, and &quot;If I Never Knew You&quot; is the other - -  the rest are catchy, but unmemorable numbers. <br />The &quot;Gold Classic Collection&quot; DVD edition of the 1995 film, has a mediocre picture. There is constant grain, and it is rarely perfectly clear. On the plus side, the animation is still able to be appreciated and the Dolby Digital 5.1 mix is good. <br />Again, this is NOT the Disney movie to show little kids (it would probably be a complete fly-by for them), but it does have much appeal to an older audience who can appreciate the animation, and the Oscar- winning music. A true modern masterpiece.
B00000JPH0|5.0|It's simply a very realistic movie. Portraying war and individual emotions to the extent that you feel it to the bone. Showing the Finns mentality that they would not give an inch and even would die to rescue their horse from being left behind to be eaten by the Russians.<br />No Holywood stunts or un-realistic effects that plague most if not all movies originated in the USA.<BR>There is only one war movie I like better and that is the black &amp; white movie Tuntematon Sotilas (Unknown Soldier) and perhaps the color recast that was released a few years ago.
6301934229|4.0|THE HITCHER is a fairly good horror film that involves the premise of a young man (C. Thomas Howell) picking up a sinister hitchhiker (Rutger Hauer) on a rain-soaked Texas highway.  This turns out to be a rather bad mistake; because for the next 24-48 hours, he is in fear for his life from Hauer, a psychopath responsible for a number of gruesome murders along the highway.  And that's not the end of it; those murders have been pinned on him by Hauer.<br />Like the later BREAKDOWN, this highway thriller borrows its inspiration from such terror masterpieces as DUEL, STRAW DOGS, and DELIVERANCE.  It falls a bit short of being a masterpiece, however, because of the extreme violence within--some of those scenes are genuinely repellent and detract from the movie's disturbing atmosphere.  Howell and Hauer, however are well-matched adversaries, and Jennifer Jason Leigh adds color as a sympathetic local who, in one of the film's grislier moments (even though it happens offscreen), becomes Hauer's next victim.<br />Had director Robert Harmon and screenwriter Eric Red been willing not to resort to ultraviolent slasher film cliches, this might have been a masterwork.  But far worse horror movies were made during the 1980s.  Compared to those, THE HITCHER might as well be a masterwork.
0425180638|1.0|I am disappointed. I loved Patricia Cornwell's earlier books and was a big fan. I thought it was just getting off to a slow start and thought I should give The Last Precinct the benefit of the doubt. Well, by the time I made it through chapters 6 and 7, I just couldn't stomach any more of her &quot;Therapy&quot;. Maybe it got better after that but I felt I couldn't waste more time to find out. To sum it up, I am glad I got it at the library instead of wasting my money. What happened, Patricia Cornwell?!?!?!
B0000026WD|5.0|This album is simply amazing. I think that it is probably Michael's best work. There are so many amazing tracks. My favourites are Remember the Time and Dangerous. The only songs that I don't like are Gone Too Soon and Heal The World which is lank overrated. Will You Be There is one of his best ballads. I have all of Michael's albums and am waiting for his new album, Invincible. I expect it to be very good because his new song is phat. Buy this album.
6305169187|1.0|It stank... I thought the theater smelt bad, but it turned out to be the movie!!
B00005A46T|5.0|Until 3 days ago I thought that Slipknot's first album was by far the best album in history. Not anymore......<BR>This album has everything right with it and nothing wrong with it. Even the opener (515) is far better than the equivalent on the 1st album.<BR>Evereything has improved here..... gone are the &quot;Wait And Bleeds&quot; and the &quot;Spit It Outs&quot;. In are the &quot;Metabolics&quot; and the Skin Tickets&quot;.<BR>Joey Jordison's drumming and Corey Taylor's vocals are untouchable. As is Jim Root's guitar. Slipknot have gotten rid of all the raps from the prequel and added more proper singing.<BR>This is very violent, very heavy and at times crosses the border from nu-metal into Death Metal. Here's hoping the next album will be even heavier and more extreme, and will this time be largely Death Metal which occaisionaly passes back over into nu-metal. Or just dump the whole nu-metal bit and do an entire Death Metal album.<BR>Korn? Useless. Papa Roach? Hopeless. Linkin Park? Worthless. Limp Bizkit? Forget it.<BR>All these bands days are numbered the mighty 'Knot have made them sound like whining children with this album.<BR>Here's to the next album!
B00003CX5P|3.0|Definitely my least favorite Episode of the Star Wars saga. I think the biggest problem was George Lucas getting so wrapped up in all of today's computer technology that he forgot the basics that got him where he is today.<br />What I really enjoyed about the original Star Wars trilogy is that everything is rather believeable. All the monsters, all the characters are real life-like. Look at the Ewoks, for instance. Now imagine if all the Ewoks were computer generated like Jar-Jar Binks. It would have looked horrible. It's so obvious to tell the difference between a real character and computer generated character in a movie when they're standing side by side. I really hated in Episode I how so much of it was computer generated scenes, such as the whole war near the end. It simply doesn't have the same effect. I mean, I thought I'm suppose to be watching something believeable, not Toy Story.<br />Another thing was the fight scene between Darth Maul, Obi-Wan, and Qui-Gon.  As much as I enjoyed it, and hated seeing Darth Maul killed (he was by far my favorite character in Episode I...now why didn't he get more lines?!), it was probably the most anti-climatic battle ever.  Look at Luke vs. Vader from Return of the Jedi.  The emotion that poured out of Luke after Vader saying perhaps he could turn Leia to the dark side as he screamed out, \\"NOOOO!\\" and the music kicked in and Luke pounded away on him until he cut off his hand.  Now look at the Episode I fight scene.  I loved that music, however where was it when they die?  When Darth Maul gets killed (in a rather ...way, too), it's like dead silence.  No music, no nothing, just silence.  Where the emotion?  The power that music can play is incredible, but the use of music in Episode I wasn't to its full potential (much like the rest of the movie wasn't at its full potential).<br />Episode I seemed to be more about flashy costumes and characters rather than story. Lucas needs to return to the basics of solid storytelling and using real characters, not all this computer animated garbage.<br />I'm expecting a lot more out of Episode II.
B00003CY5K|5.0|This is a great comedy.  I really enjoyed paying to see it over again.  The legenths girls go through to impress a guy is truely over the top.  It goes to show that not all things work for what you want but there may be better things ahead for you.  I think that every girl should see this movie.  I actually laughed in my seat.
B00000JCB2|4.0|most people say that limp bizkit is all about the money and fame and what i have to say about that is: that is the charm of limp bizkit. that is what i like about them, they're rock with rap star atitudes.  I havn't listened to much of three dollar bills, and chocolate starfish wasn't very good, but this is the best album i've heard from them.  lots of variety from heavy songs like trust? to ful rap songs like n 2 gether now to mellower songs like re-arrange.  I realy like the hidden commentary at the end. fred durst uses his voice in many different ways pluss there is a good # of songs (13 not counting the intro/outro)  [...]I would recomend this to anyone who likes rapmetal.
B00005A46T|5.0|Well I am a diehard Slipknot fan, and bought this cd the day it came out. My first impression was that this album is terrific. One of the major aspects that dissappointed me was the lyrics. The Self Titled album definately had better lyric writing, especially in the songs Prosthetics and Purity. In Iowa however, it seems a majority of the songs' lyrics are full of empty rage. All in all, this is a great cd.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Awesome! A must see. I have not laughed so much in years. Great for all ages! Performances and animation were brilliantly done. <BR>Oh.....just go see it for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
0312979479|3.0|when i recieved my summer reading list for the tenth grade i immediatley choose this book because the description sounded exciting and different from the type of books normally given on school lists. after reading the book i descovered that it was suspensful, a good mystery, and told in a good style. i really enjoyed the story of ten people summed to an island by an unknown host. one by one they are killed off, and the remaining begin to suspect everyone else, even the people they trusted in the beginning. i thought it was a great suspense story where you don't figure out the mystery until the last couple of pages.
B00003CXZ1|4.0|This film tries to be the female version of Indiana Jones, but, based as it is on a video game, does not succeed. However, if you come to be entertained, without perhaps the depth of some of the other better-known adventure/action films, it is a worthy cinematic experience. Somewhere between Indy and the Mummy, Tomb Raider is targeted at the younger male crowd, but will wow young women as well, who will not be able to restrain their \\"You go, girl,\\" cheers. Adults who go in with low expectations will not be denied. Those who forget the basis and origin of Tomb Raider will....
B00005A46T|5.0|There is only one word that comes to mind after listeing to Iowa, that word is AMAZING!!!!!! I must say, most of the so called &quot;metal&quot; on MTV right now is pretty bad. But this is one of those metal albums that everyone has to have. I am a huge fan of metal, a great metal band to check out is SKINLAB!!!! I have music ranging from Travis to Slipknot, but my first love is metal. This album has it all. For slipknot this is a more melodic approach, which is a very good thing, cause i am a sucker for a good melody. Songs like Left Behind and My Plague are both great tracks with a lot of melody. The more epic tracks such as Gently, Skin Ticket, and Iowa are genious. They are very emotional and very very good. What can i say. I have been waiting for the release of this album for quite some time now, and i was not disappointed. GO OUT AND SUPPORT THE 'KNOT!!!!!! Spread the (sic)ness!!!!
