B000008DA5|4.0|I just acquired this 2fer album and have only listened to it once before writing this review, but I can honestly say I like it.  Who knows how much more I'll love it after I've given it a few repeated listens, which I would have to say this album definitely calls for.  That given, the fact that I still like it on the first try speaks for itself.  Why 4 stars and not 5?  It is a little on the trippy side, but if you expect it to be different from the Beach Boys' norm and go in open-minded I'm sure you'll enjoy it.  It has a very &quot;fun&quot; feel to it as most of it seems to be recorded while the boys were high.  The liner are great, explaining how Smiley Smile came to be as a substitute for Smile, how the Beach Boys were rejected by the San Francisco &quot;counterculture&quot; movement at the time, and how Wild Honey was an attempt to get back to their rock n' roll basics/roots.
0553278398|4.0|After reading Foundation, I quickly picked up a copy of Prelude of Foundation to just see what Asimov's Hari Seldon went through to create psychohistory.  I expected a Star Wars-type adventure with a twist of intellect, betrayal, and cleverness combined into one book, and that's exactly what I got.  Asimov's writing style tends to give a punch at the very last line of each chapter, but its so persistent that I couldn't put it down.  Its a moderately-paced novel that efficiently uses words - no long, boring dialogue or descriptions. Beginning from the description of the fascinating cultures he's fathomed, Prelude to Foundation is a wonderful prelude and certainly worthy to buy.<br />However, this novel has its problems.  People will become attached to Hari Seldon and recognize his dilemma, but with the overdoing of the hero/villain formula stories, one can guess this book's ending.  Although formulaic for our time, Asimov is still a mastermind.  Prelude to Foudnation will not disappoint anyone who enjoy Foundation.<br />I would recommend people to buy Foundation before this book because Foundation is shorter and a better book.
B00004XONN|5.0|Truth be told, before listening to this CD the only songs by Radiohead I was really familiar with were 'Creep' and 'High and Dry', so maybe the fact that I didn't have any preconceptions about how this album should have sounded left me open to enjoy Kid A.  I bought this album because everywhere I turned, people were raving over OK Computer and Radiohead.  I find Kid A fascinating and not at all pretentious as other reviewers have described it.  It did take a few repeated listens, but once the backdrop became a bit more familiar I was able to appreciate the subtleness of the melodies and the music.  A fine piece of work.<br />So my advice?  Listen to Kid A as Kid A!  And not OK Computer Part 2!<br />By the way - after acquiring this CD I've since purchased OK Computer and The Bends, and thoroughly enjoy them.  I'm now a huge fan of Radiohead.  I plan to purchase Pablo Honey next. =)
B000059QYB|5.0|ok, billy Idol is great,the music of this Cd is very very good
6305622914|5.0|I nearly died laughing the first time that I saw this movie.  If you are in a good mood to laugh, watch this movie.  Don't be discouraged if you don't understand some of the language.  Being American, I didn't understand all of the slang first off, but I caught on pretty quick.  You just have to listen carefully.  Really, this is a great movie.
6303109950|5.0|Tombstone is based on the events prior to and following the famed &quot;gunfight at the O.K. Corral&quot;.  The main characters are Kurt Russel as Wyatt Earp, Sam Elliott as Virgil Earp (isn't he in every Western ever made?), Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday, and Powers Boothe as Curly Bill.  The film takes some creative liberties as far as the facts go, although the fact that the Clanton's and McLaury's were given heroes funerals after their deaths was somewhat apparent.  I've heard some complaints that the movie took too long for the action to start, but what some consider boring parts I see as laying the foundations for the eventual climax.  When the film is based on true events, you have to stick relatively close to the facts, otherwise you might as well just slap a new name on it and market it as an independent movie.  As far as performances go, everyone fit their part.  Val Kilmer's interpretation of Doc Holliday was the best I've seen and the other actors fared well, if not just as well in their roles.  The premise of the film revolves around the conflict between the Earp brothers along with Doc, and the &quot;cowboys&quot;.  After a few encounters, both parties lose at least one member.  When one person close to Wyatt is claimed, he and a small group of men (including Doc) retaliate with ferocity.  I think this is the part of the film that kind of plays around with the facts, but it is also one of the more entertaining segments.  There is a love story mixed in which is pretty much concurrent with the facts as far as I've learned.  (I read the book written by Wyatt's widow)  A few other A-list actors appear in this film, including Charlton Heston, Billy Bob Thornton (kinda chubby), and Jason Priestly.  So if you are looking for an entertaining night at home, I would recommend this movie.  If you are doing a school report on Wyatt Earp, I would still recommend this movie, just read a few books that tell what really happened.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album got me back into music, which has in turn added many rich unfolding layers to my life experiences.  I was out of the game for a while, but thanks to my rekindled love affair with music, I've purchased about 120 new records since Kid A.  Thanks Radiohead, you're the best.  Let's do lunch sometime.  Keep in touch.
0385474547|3.0|Most of the book is devoted to setting the stage for the final fifth (if you like lengthy descriptions of primitive African tribeswomen preparing meals you're going to love this novel).  On the other hand, when someone blandly points out that European influences in Africa destroyed a way of life that perhaps didn't need to be destroyed, you will know from reading this book precisely what that way of life was like.  It's a sort of African \\"Gone With the Wind.\\"  Achebe makes no judgments; he simply tells what happened.  And he leaves it to you, the reader, to supply your own sense of devastation.  I just wish we could have been treated to a little more plot in the first four-fifths of the book.  A lot of kids are assigned this book in high school, and I can see why they go stir-crazy trying to sit still and read it.  That they are eventually rewarded by a brilliant ending must be, for them, scant recompense for their toils.
B000056NX5|3.0|I enjoyed many aspects of this DVD. Sound was great, picture quality good, some casting was excellent. Overall singing was strong. I liked Judas and Herod expecially. Judas added a bit more dimension to the part than in the movie. Some of the visual design changes were thought provoking, while other changes seemed pointless, only to show that it was different from the movie. The actor playing Jesus seemed a bit empty, not really an inspiring multi-dimensional character as it should be. The character I absolutely HATED was Pontias Pilate. The actor WAY overplayed the part.  It's tough to avoid comparisons when you know the old movie practically by memory. Pilate in that film seemed regretful of his part and I felt sympathy for him despite the fact that he is one of the &quot;bad guys&quot;. The new Pilate played it one note/one pitch angry and shouting. Annoyed me so much I almost skipped his scenes. Only other complaint--somehow the overall effect was less inspiring than the original. I always felt this rock opera was a good jumping off point to get people interested in the last days of Christ. Perhaps make people want to research more, or at least give a new dimension/perspective worthy of discussion. This version seemed a bit TOO far removed from the time and place of the story. At least the movie, shot in Israel, never left me wondering where the story came from. This one left me a bit cold.   Despite these objections, believe it or not, I liked many parts of the DVD and will no doubt see it a few more times. Chances are though, I'll stick to the original as what I feel was the more definative version.
B00003CX6P|4.0|Stunning visual beauty, lush settings, and a riveting tale of suspense, mystery and the unknown chambers of the human heart all combust in &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley,&quot; a film full of elegance and irresistible intensity that remains subtle and unforced. The plot is emotionally complex as the title character becomes vastly enamored with a new and inviting lifestyle, discovering hidden feelings for others, and finding out the lengths he is willing to go to in order to remain where he so longs to be. The movie brings all of these feelings into a stunning whirlwind of suspense and emotion that is hard to resist. <br />Tom Ripley's life is one big underachievement, his biggest societal involvement being his piano performances for social parties and events. His chance meeting with the owner of a shipbuilding company, by the name of Greenleaf, who offers him an exorbitant amount of money in exchange for his services, which involves venturing to Italy to retrieve his son, Dickie. All of these events are set in motion because of a simply Princeton jacket that Tom borrowed to wear to the party, bringing him to the attention of Greenleaf, who thinks that he and his son went to college together. Tom keeps his silence about the truth, because with this ticket to Italy, all of his dreams are realized, and he sees it as a way to expand his horizons and make something of his life. <br />His trip to Italy and his acquaintance with Dickie and his fiancée, Marge, brings him into a totally new world, one where his friends seem to like him as much as he likes them. He feels wanted, needed, and enjoyed, so it comes as a shock to his dream when Dickie decides that he wants to move away from his home and somewhere else, with Marge, without Tom. Tom feels threatened because of this, and his overwhelming feelings lead him to unspeakable acts to keep his fantasy life intact while weaving his friends into a complex web of deceit and crime. <br />The movie is a showcase for some of themost beautiful places on Earth, setting the film in Italy. The grand expanse of the seaside town of Mangi is stunning and extremely scenic, while the events and everyday activities of the population all add to the time period of the film, giving it an added flavor and feel that is truly unique. The costumes, the jazz music, the way in which the people enjoy themselves is intensely joyful and exotic, and provides some of the best settings for a movie ever. Director Anthony Minghella, whose previous work includes the Oscar-winning &quot;The English Patient,&quot; has brought another visually intriguing and powerful story to the screen. <br />This concentration on the setting is perfectly matched by the complexity of the story, which unfolds like a brilliant novel. It should come as no surprise that the movie is based on a novel, of the same name, written by Patricia Highsmith. The movie captures everything the novel wished to convey: the feelings and events that shape Tom's life, the ways in which his character changes, and the interaction of the characters throughout the novel and how they change towards one another. Everything unfolds slowly, piece by piece, so that the audience has time to enjoy the breathtaking visual integrity as well as the story's mounting climax. <br />The character of Tom is the most important one of the ensemble, setting the tone for the entire movie. Most of the action going on in the film is connected to his crimes and lies, and while there are some loose ends left untied at the movie's final note, there is no doubt in our minds as to what kind of person Tom Ripley is, and the changes he has experienced. From the beginning of his friendship with Dickie and Marge, it is made abundantly clear that he feels accepted and loved in his relationship with them, and soon he finds himself wanting to spend every available moment with them. The fact that he feels threatened by their friendship with Freddy Miles further establishes the underlying senseof tension and unease, as Tom begins to become more emotionally unstable. <br />Tom is also portrayed as cunning and quite intelligence, the quiet character who turns into the villain that we don't know whether or not to feel sorry for. His crimes and the way in which he maneuvers through many situations of tension and possible downfall are stunning, adding to the subtle suspense that is always building, reaching new heights in certain scenes but never going over the mark. There is also a subplot of homoerotic charge in Tom's character, who shares many moments with Dickie and another male character that are just boiling over with sexual tension. This leads us to believe that the reasons for Tom's need for affection is because he is falling in love with Dickie, and that sort of creates a battle for the audience to try and decide whether he wants Dickie's love or his and Marge's friendship. <br />There is a stellar cast for this movie that is superbly crafted and brings intensity and originality to the subject matter. Matt Damon brings power and mystery to the character of Tom Ripley, evoking us to emotions and inner connections with his character while taking all of the action and plot onto his shoulders with ease. Jude Law is a convincing Dickie, who is the all-American playboy that cannot make up his mind about much of anything. His character is the kind of character who moves from place to place to try and escape his own life's problems. Gwyneth Paltrow is a knockout as Marge, who is smarter than she appears to be, while Cate Blanchett is Meredith Logue, the character that seems to pop up at the most inopportune moments of Tom's life. <br />&quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley&quot; breaks all the barriers of thriller-making and takes on quite a challenge. It's a classy thriller that keeps in touch with its characters, while giving us a breathtaking view of a world gone by, as well as keeping a sense of underlying suspense that sets a very uneasy tone for the movie. I usually tend to look for lots of suspense and big thrills, which &quot;Ripley&quot; does not deliver, but found myself pleased with the way it unfolds and gives away some, but not all, of its secrets.
B000003TA4|1.0|I would go off about how this is one of the worst rock albums in history but they just suck so much I don't even want to waste my time.  Pearl Jam is the greatest band of the 90s
B00001ZWTT|3.0|I Expected the Worst from this movie and I came away with a Smile on my face. It has Action, Laughs and Salma Hayek.. What more can you want?<br />To Answer my own Question.. We want (and deserve) a fair bit more. After the Critical and Commercial success of \\"Men in Black\\", they should have known that Expectations would have been raised, and with this trip to the west, our expectations are far from satisfied.  <br />Will Smith and Kevin Kline don't make a very good team. It would have been interesting to see how Tommy Lee Jones would have taken Kline's role. The Screenplay doesn't really give them much to work with comically, but they do get in some good action scenes. Kenneth Branagh gets all the best scenes, and the best lines, as the Villain, and Salma Hayek is Great as always, but her Screen time is very Limited.<br />It Obviously isn't the Best in the West, but it's better than it's reputation.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums ever made in my opinion. When I listen to this and think of Kurts life it almost makes me cry. Its that good! A definite MUST for a fan of music. PERIOD! You MUST hear this! If your going to listen to any kind of 90's music let it be this. Kurt Cobains voice is mesmorising and the guitars are great. Nirvana has created a masterpiece. Believe me Teen Spirit is NOT Nirvana's only good song. NeverMind is beyond words. I love this album and I hope you will too. We all miss you Kurt.
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club, a great novel created by a man with an extreme imagination and a great sense of reality.  The realizations that Mr.Chuck Palahniuk presents through Tyler Durden's doctrine, are day-to-day realities.  The assumption of Fight Club to be a joke and not more than a crazy man's time wasting duty is an error.  <br />Reality is presented in this novel with a touch of humor, or at least that is what we think at first.  Once you decide to read the novel, you take serious concious of what Tyler Durden really represents.  Then, and only then, you can sit and realize that there's a Tyler Durden living inside each and everyone of us.  Is it good?  Is it bad?  Forget about duality, forgert about right or wrong; forget about it all!!!<br />&quot;There is a beast man that should be exercised, not exorcised.&quot; -Anton Szandor LaVey
B000002U9E|5.0|Every single song on this album is pure gold. Period. This is a must-buy for any music fan.
6305011575|5.0|I really enjoyed this film the first time I saw it in 1990.  I am an avid King fan and I thought this was a great adaptation of his book.  I recently purchased the re-release, but was disappointed that it was put onto one cassette, which lowered the overall quality of the tape.  This is still a great film, and I recommend buying a copy of the original if you can.
B000050XEI|5.0|It is almost impossible to explain how hearing Enya's music makes me feel..All of her albums up to now were great,and this one is no exception.Although it is possible to say that the total runtime of the album is relatively short,it is no short in the beauty of the songs.<br />The best tracks for me are Wild Child,Flora's Secret and of course the wonderful Only Time.<br />Can Enya make a bad album?Not even if she wanted to..Don't listen to the others,buy this one.
B000059MEK|2.0|When I found out that Daft Punk FINALLY came out with a new album after over 3 years, I was very excited!  Homework was one of the first &quot;techno&quot; cd's I ever heard, and it's part of why I like that kind of music so much now.  I've highly anticipated this album, and suddenly, it snuck up on me!  I quickly downloaded all the songs from the internet.  I listened to each one (briefly) and was just thinking to myself &quot;WHAT IS THIS?!&quot;  It didn't sound like Daft Punk at all.  I heard these cheesy, crappy vocals, much like those you might find in a song by Eiffel 65 (blue.)  I kept listening, until I found a song without the annoying singing, only to notice that it didn't sound like Daft Punk at all!  It sounded more like Basement Jaxx and Underworld molded together...  And I'll tell you, I'm not particularly fond of either Basement Jaxx or Underworld's music.  I was displeased, but luckily, I downloaded before I made any hasty decisions.  After many listens, I've learned to like this album for it's differences.  It really isn't what I was expecting, but surprised can be good.  This album is more dance-pop than house, and more Basement Jaxx than Daft Punk (it seems!).  It does grow on me, though.  I find some songs very good, like Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger and Aerodynamic.  For some reason I don't like One More Time, though.  It's probably because of the annoying singing.  Oh well.  I s'pose I'm just happy I didn't waste my money!  It probably wouldn't have been a total waste, but I certainly wouldn't have been jumping for joy.<br />The only two pluses I see that this album has going for it are change/experimentation, and the kickass cover :)
0679746048|3.0|This book was very hard to follow,I think the story line was pretty good but the book itself was hard to follow. The movie was better.
0440219078|5.0|I read this book in 7th grade, and I am so glad it was assigned! Out of all the books I've ever had to read, this takes the cake! The plot of the story is extremely unique, as are the characters and events. <br />Jonas lives in a controlled world where the people are virtually the same. These people know nothing of uniqueness and individuality. When Jonas turns 12, he is given the job of &quot;Receiver of Memory&quot; and must take on the memories of a man called The Giver. From then on, the pain and confusion Jonas must handle affect him and he has to make a decision. Argh, you really can't understand how wonderful the plot is until you read the book yourself. I promise, once you start reading, you will NOT be able to put this down until you know what is going on. Not only is the storyline itself genius, but the details are extremely interesting and will keep you turning those pages.<br />The Giver carries several themes and messages that you'll be able to apply to your life right away. I won't reveal them now, but the book also has great symbolism which you may or may not pick up on depending on certain aspects. In any case, do not pass up this fascinating read.<br />Even my 45-year-old mother thought it was incredible :-)<br />Definitely worth your time and money!
6303340830|5.0|I thought this movie was great, definitely one of Dolph's best, I thought he did an excellent job, as a quite killing machine, who was known as a man of few words.  Some of the greatest action scenes as well, with terrific explosive effects. This movie has power, humor, excitement, and a great portray of how the Soviet Union is, with their communism.  I was only 6 years old when this film came out, and went and saw it with my older brother at the theatres, and loved it even when i was just a little  kid, but im not saying let a 6 year old watch this, that was a mistake for  me to see it at that young,but Red Scorpion rocks, enjoy!!
B00002E285|5.0|If you are a Pink Floyd fan and you have their tape or CD of the wall, then you MUST see the animated version as every time you hear any music from the wall, you will picture it in your mind every part of the video and it will take on a new meaning for you. to be able to picture in your mind what the song is  trying to tell you. My wife and I have watched it twice already and I am now getting my own copy from the great folks at Amazon with many thanks. This is one video that will always be a classic.
B000003CKH|5.0|Sounding like a suburban, melodic white-funk-injected version of King Missile's performance art/standup comedy, &quot;The Distance&quot; became a novelty hit in the fall of 1996, sending Cake's second album Fashion Nugget to platinum status. Certainly, &quot;The Distance&quot; was the only reason Fashion Nugget went platinum, because the remainder of the album is too collegiate and arcane for mainstream music tastes. It isn't because it's obscure or intellectual - it's because the band is smirking. An &quot;ironic&quot; cover of Gloria Gaynor's &quot;I Will Survive&quot; is the key to the album, sending the signal that Cake consider themselves above everyone else, and nothing is too insignificant to make fun of. And that wouldn't have necessarily have been a problem if they had the wit or musical skills which would make their music either funny or listenable. Instead, they wallow in sophomoric jokes which rely on self-consciously elaborate wordplay. Occasionally, their blend of collegiate musical styles - funk, hip-hop, alternative rock - makes the music easy to digest in small doses, such as &quot;The Distance,&quot; but it isn't varied enough to prevent the album from becoming tedious.
0060930187|5.0|The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath is the most intriguing book that I have ever read.  Her approach to a young woman's insanity is absolutely stunning and should be read by everyone.  She has a poetic flow to her writing and describes everything so well that it is easy to create images in your mind while you read it.  At one point in the book, I actually had to put it down because the character, Esther, was so convincing that I felt as if she were right in front of me, living the life that Plath created for her. The Bell Jar is extremely unique, strong and poetic, and it is a shame that Sylvia Plath descended into her own depression and killed herself not long after completing the book.
B000000H3Z|5.0|Sepultura's 1989 release, Beneath the Remains, marked the band's transition from third-world obscurity to major contenders in the international extreme metal arena. As soon as the deceptively gentle acoustic intro gives way to the title track's thrashing brutality, the listener is propelled at maximum speed and intensity through to the very last crunch of &quot;Primitive Future.&quot; In between, Sepultura offers its first bona fide hits with &quot;Inner Self&quot; and the inspired &quot;Stronger Than Hate,&quot; featuring lyrics written by Atheist's Kelly Shaefer. It's not over there, as they charge ahead with the triple threat of &quot;Mass Hypnosis,&quot; &quot;Sarcastic Existence,&quot; and &quot;Slaves of Pain,&quot; all of which feature mind-blowing solos from guitarist Andreas Kisser, thunderous double-bass work from drummer Igor Cavalera, and the furious howling of singer Max Cavalera. The complete absence of filler here makes this one of the most essential death/thrash metal albums of all time.
B000005IRG|5.0|After listening to \\"Marquee Moon,\\" it's hard to believe the original release date was 1977, when disco ruled and punk was the only alternative. Television was a groundbreaking, powerful band, and \\"Marquee Moon\\" is their very best work, with nine powerful songs that really capture the feel of the time - although they remain fresh and relevant today. Rock guitar fans will be really impressed with the strong and original techniques of Tom Verlaine and Richard Lloyd, and Verlaine's scratchy vocals really set the mood. Particularly notable are \\"See No Evil,\\" \\"Elevation\\" and the lengthy title track, which is Television's trademark song. \\"Marquee Moon\\" is a timeless classic, and one hell of a good rock album.
B000002H2H|5.0|Kill 'Em All may have revitalized heavy metal's underground, but Ride the Lightning was even more stunning, exhibiting staggering musical growth and boldly charting new directions that would affect heavy metal for years to come. Incredibly ambitious for a one-year-later sophomore effort, Ride the Lightning finds Metallica aggressively expanding their compositional technique and range of expression. Every track tries something new, and every musical experiment succeeds mightily. The lyrics push into new territory as well - more personal, more socially conscious, less metal posturing. But the true heart of Ride the Lightning lies in its rich musical imagination. There are extended, progressive epics; tight, concise groove-rockers; thrashers that blow anything on Kill 'Em All out of the water, both in their urgency and the barest hints of melody that have been added to the choruses. Some innovations are flourishes that add important bits of color, like the lilting, pseudo-classical intro to the furious &quot;Fight Fire With Fire,&quot; or the harmonized leads that pop up on several tracks. Others are major reinventions of Metallica's sound, like the nine-minute, album-closing instrumental &quot;The Call of Ktulu,&quot; or the haunting suicide lament &quot;Fade to Black.&quot; The latter is an all-time metal classic; it begins as an acoustic-driven, minor-key ballad, then gets slashed open by electric guitars playing a wordless chorus, and ends in a wrenching guitar solo over a thrashy yet lyrical rhythm figure. Basically, in a nutshell, Metallica sounded like it could do anything. Heavy metal hadn't seen this kind of ambition since Judas Priest's late-'70s classics, and Ride the Lightning effectively rewrote the rule book for a generation of thrashers. If Kill 'Em All was the manifesto, Ride the Lightning was the revolution itself.
B000001FE0|5.0|I bought this on 8 track tape when it was first released.  I spent about 10 milliseconds deciding to buy the CD.  Few albums stick in your mind for over 30 years, this is one.  I can't wait for it to arrive.
B000000OUE|5.0|Following the belated surprise success of La Sexorcisto, Astro-Creep: 2000 - Songs of Love, Destruction and Other Synthetic Delusions of the Electric Head carried the weight of high expectations, something that White Zombie was never familiar with before. Unsurprisingly, White Zombie plays it safe on Astro-Creep, never straying from their white-trash-on-acid metal. While it's undeniably campy, the band genuinely loves the trash they sing about, so they fit right into the tradition of tongue-in-cheek heavy metal bands from Alice Cooper to Kiss. Where those bands relied on songcraft beneath their schtick, White Zombie relies on a full-throttle roar. Borrowing such techniques as distorted vocals and drilling riffs from pseudo-industrial metal like Ministry, the band beefs up their basic sound, making it powerful enough to disguise the lack of solid song structures and memorable riffs. Sonically, Astro Creep delivers the initial goods, yet it never develops into trash as substantial as &quot;Thunder Kiss '65.&quot;
B00003CXMG|5.0|Easily my choice for the best movie of 2000, it's a shame it was a shame that AF was overlooked for a Best Picture nomination. At least the Academy did right by it by giving it the screenplay Oscar. The DVD is wonderful. I especially enjoyed the 'making of' with the interviews and the addition of the actual Rolling Stone articles by Cameron Crowe. The day I received it, all I wanted to do was finish work so I could go home and relive the great experience that this movie is. The acting is superb and fresh. From the naive yet worldly Penny Lane as played by Kate Hudson to the star struck William (Patrick Fugit) right on through the entire cast, there are no insignificant roles in this picture. We even get the bonus of watching Phillip Seymore Hoffman and Frances McDormand in action, however briefly. But with them it's quality not quantity. Everyone contributes something worthwhile. Stillwater, the fictional band that everyone wishes were real, has that classic rock presence that today's real bands could learn from. In a time before we were forced to endure Brittney and the boy bands, this is what music was like. I was only 5 in 1973 but seeing Almost Famous is the one (and only) thing that makes me wish I was older. When I saw this film for the first time, I remembered why it is I loved movies and couldn't wait to go and see it again. Already a fan of Cameron Crowe from the days of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High, from here on out I will follow him anywhere. If you haven't seen this yet...what are you waiting for?
B000002KIE|5.0|While mostly accurate, dismissing Never Mind the Bollocks as merely a series of loud, ragged midtempo rockers with a harsh, grating vocalist and not much melody would be a terrible error. Already anthemic songs are rendered positively transcendent by Johnny Rotten's rabid, foaming delivery. His bitterly sarcastic attacks on pretentious affectation and the very foundations of British society were all carried out in the most confrontational, impolite manner possible. Most imitators of the Pistols' angry nihilism missed the point: Underneath the shock tactics and theatrical negativity were social critiques carefully designed for maximum impact. Never Mind the Bollocks perfectly articulated the frustration, rage, and dissatisfaction of the British working class with the establishment, a spirit quick to translate itself to strictly rock &amp; roll terms. The Pistols paved the way for countless other bands to make similarly rebellious statements, but arguably none were as daring or effective. It's easy to see how the band's roaring energy, overwhelmingly snotty attitude, and Rotten's furious ranting sparked a musical revolution, and those qualities haven't diminished one bit over time. Never Mind the Bollocks is simply one of the greatest, most inspiring rock records of all time.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Easily my choice for the best movie of 2000, it's a shame it was a shame that AF was overlooked for a Best Picture nomination. At least the Academy did right by it by giving it the screenplay Oscar. The DVD is wonderful. I especially enjoyed the 'making of' with the interviews and the addition of the actual Rolling Stone articles by Cameron Crowe. The day I received it, all I wanted to do was finish work so I could go home and relive the great experience that this movie is. The acting is superb and fresh. From the naive yet worldly Penny Lane as played by Kate Hudson to the star struck William (Patrick Fugit) right on through the entire cast, there are no insignificant roles in this picture. We even get the bonus of watching Phillip Seymore Hoffman and Frances McDormand in action, however briefly. But with them it's quality not quantity. Everyone contributes something worthwhile. Stillwater, the fictional band that everyone wishes were real, has that classic rock presence that today's real bands could learn from. In a time before we were forced to endure Brittney and the boy bands, this is what music was like. I was only 5 in 1973 but seeing Almost Famous is the one (and only) thing that makes me wish I was older. When I saw this film for the first time, I remembered why it is I loved movies and couldn't wait to go and see it again. Already a fan of Cameron Crowe from the days of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High, from here on out I will follow him anywhere. If you haven't seen this yet...what are you waiting for?
B000002UVZ|5.0|Fables of the Reconstruction was intentionally murky, and Life's Rich Pageant was constructed as its polar opposite. Teaming with producer Don Gehman, who previously worked with John Mellencamp, R.E.M. developed their most forceful record to date. Where previous records kept the rhythm section in the background, Pageant emphasizes the beat, and the band turns in its hardest rockers to date, including the anthemic &quot;Begin the Begin&quot; and the punky &quot;Just a Touch.&quot; But the cleaner production also benefits the ballads and the midtempo janglers, particularly since it helps reveal Stipe's growing political obsessions, especially on the environmental anthems &quot;Fall on Me&quot; and &quot;Cuyahoga.&quot; The group hasn't entirely left myths behind - witness the Civil War ballad &quot;Swan Swan H&quot; - but the band sounds more contemporary both musically and lyrically than they did on either Fables or Murmur, which helps gives the record an extra kick. And even with excellent songs like &quot;I Believe,&quot; &quot;Flowers of Guatemala,&quot; &quot;These Days&quot; and &quot;What If We Give It Away,&quot; it's ironic that the most memorable moment comes from the garage rock obscurity &quot;Superman,&quot; which is sung with glee by Mike Mills.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Easily my choice for the best movie of 2000, it's a shame it was a shame that AF was overlooked for a Best Picture nomination. At least the Academy did right by it by giving it the screenplay Oscar. The DVD is wonderful. I especially enjoyed the 'making of' with the interviews and the addition of the actual Rolling Stone articles by Cameron Crowe. The day I received it, all I wanted to do was finish work so I could go home and relive the great experience that this movie is. The acting is superb and fresh. From the naive yet worldly Penny Lane as played by Kate Hudson to the star struck William (Patrick Fugit) right on through the entire cast, there are no insignificant roles in this picture. We even get the bonus of watching Phillip Seymore Hoffman and Frances McDormand in action, however briefly. But with them it's quality not quantity. Everyone contributes something worthwhile. Stillwater, the fictional band that everyone wishes were real, has that classic rock presence that today's real bands could learn from. In a time before we were forced to endure Brittney and the boy bands, this is what music was like. I was only 5 in 1973 but seeing Almost Famous is the one (and only) thing that makes me wish I was older. When I saw this film for the first time, I remembered why it is I loved movies and couldn't wait to go and see it again. Already a fan of Cameron Crowe from the days of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High, from here on out I will follow him anywhere. If you haven't seen this yet...what are you waiting for?
B00003CXP1|4.0|Just as FATAL ATTRACTION is required viewing for any person who has ever contemplated an &quot;innocent&quot; fling of infidelity, Darren Aronofsky's latest assault on the senses is required viewing for any person who has ever considered experimenting with drugs. The lessen here is so unsparing and so unglamorous, one wonders whether it should be part of every high school curriculum.  Using every cinematic trick in the book, Aronofsky once again laces his images with the cinematic enthusiasm of an eager film school graduate anxious to show the world everything he has learned. But unlike in his other film PI, where his enthusiasm often crosses over into gratuitous overuse of cinematic gimmicks, his tricks here are much more suitable to the material.<br />It's the tale of Harry Goldfarb (Jared Leto), a Brighton Beach youth who, along with his girlfriend Marion (Jennifer Connelly) and friend Tyrone (Marlon Wayans), is hopelessly addicted to drugs. Harry's widow mother on the other hand (Ellen Burstyn who is bound to be nominated for an Oscar for her performance) is addicted to food and TV, and to pathetic daydreams of appearing on TV in front of adoring masses. As the seasons pass from summer to fall, their lives quickly and irrevocably degrade.<br />Dispensing with nearly all character development, Aronofsky and co-screenwriter Hubert Selby Jr. dive directly into the despicable addictions of the four main characters, visually and aurally bombarding the audience with an ever-increasing milieu of unpleasantness. And though the narrative starts off a bit slowly, once the pace picks up it never slows down, ultimately speeding to a stunning orgy of cross-cutting between the four downward spirals of the main characters, finally grinding to a halt when they hit rock bottom.<br />Uncompromising from beginning to end, it's not the most entertaining film in theaters today, but it certainly teaches a sobering lesson.
B000000ORX|5.0|Scared people started leaving Joni in droves after Dog Eat Dog in '85. (These were probably the same people who didn't buy Mingus or Hejira, but that's another essay). So some people missed out on the very good Chalk Mark in a Rain Storm in '88, and seemingly more missed out on this classic piece of pop music, Night Ride Home.<br />Someone asked Joni in an interview what this album was about, and she shot back, \\"middle-aged love songs!\\" As if she had to defend making such an album. But these songs are about so much more than that. Slouching Toward Bethlehem is musically inviting, but chilling in its lyrics. Windfall is anything but a love song - \\"Because Elvis gave them cars/you think I'm cheap,\\" she says (amazingly) to someone who may have been spending too much time on her couch. The title track, however, fits perfectly into her broad description - it might even take place on a hayride.<br />There is a (I hate to use the word) coziness to some of the proceedings. Wayne Shorter is used (as usual) as her melodic alter-ego, but here it seems to work more effectively than on any other album -- mostly because the arrangements are lush without being busy or over-orchestrated. He blends in more with his surroundings, which serves to accentuate Joni's vocals.<br />Blah, blah, blah...buy it for the title track, for Slouching Toward Bethlehem, and for Two Grey Rooms. But upon repeated listening, you'll find that you'll prefer to listen to the whole glorious thing, start-to-finish. Again and again.
6304994540|5.0|I'm not going to go into details about this movie.  What I will say is that it is bizarre and funny as hell.  Really, how can you go wrong with ferret weilding German Nihilists (they look like they should be in the band Rammstein), some burnt out hippie who calls himself &quot;The Dude,&quot; and his wacky antics?  John Goodman is exceptionally good here--loud, spontaneous and rude.  This has to be the best comedy in many years.
0316286443|5.0|I purchased this book, and what Kevyn can do is so artistic! He has a tremendous talent of bringing out the best qualities on a person and then turn them into other celebraties. My favorite was Cher [the actual one], her makeover was amazing with the jewels around her eyes. I definately would recommend this book.
0553260111|4.0|The Bourne Identity is a brilliant masterpiece, involving action, intrigue, and espionage. It invloves Jason Bourne, a man who does not know who he is, but he must find out fast before he dies, for people are trying to kill him. The book hooks you in at the start, and from that moment on, you will not be able to drop this book. The only problem with this book was the Ludlum is the master of everything but one thing, and that is love. His love scenes could be alot better, but who cares about that. This book is a must for anyone who has ever read Clancy, or other Ludlum books.
B00003CXMG|4.0|Ok this movie didn't make any real impact at the Academy Awards accept for Best Original Screen Play. The story was supposed to be true which would make this film what it is to everyone--GREAT. Without the film being a True-based film then this movie would be nothing more that another That 70's Show episode. The movie dragged on and on but yet the critics still loved this movie. It was nominated for various awards and came up with very little which would explain the films contents.<br />I could only guess why so many people like this movie. Perhaps so many people grew up during those years (early 70s) and are the big movie watchers and critizers of films today.
0553260111|4.0|The Bourne Identity is a brilliant masterpiece, involving action, intrigue, and espionage. It invloves Jason Bourne, a man who does not know who he is, but he must find out fast before he dies, for people are trying to kill him. The book hooks you in at the start, and from that moment on, you will not be able to drop this book. The only problem with this book was the Ludlum is the master of everything but one thing, and that is love. His love scenes could be alot better, but who cares about that. This book is a must for anyone who has ever read Clancy, or other Ludlum books.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Traffic the years second best film with 4 Academy Awards is a must see and a must buy for anyone's collection. <br />The biggest award won by Traffic went to Steven Soderbergh for Best Director. A good choice when the clear winner for best film was Gladiator. This was a good choice since the Best Picture Award was not going to go to Traffic even though it was running close with Gladiator for the year's top spot for Best Film.<br />I highly recommend this film which could have been the year,s best film. It is better than some other year's Best Films that's for sure.
0399146253|3.0|I am a devoted follower of the Kay Scarpetta novels, and generally enjoy each of them.  This one was a little different, in that we learn more about Kay's psyche -- and unlike some of the other reviewers, I enjoyed that.<br />HOWEVER --- I have two major complaints with this novel.  The first one is one that I've had with several of her recent books:  we have the stock subplot of &quot;Kay's job is in jeopardy because of bad people/politics/professional jealousy/etc.&quot;  Come on, folks, if her job was in jeopardy as often as it is in these books, she'd have been gone before now!  At least it looks like this may not be an issue in future books.<br />Second -- and this was my biggest complaint -- after the book builds and builds to the climactic scene, it just sort of ends.  There's this major cliffhanging moment (it's hard to write this without giving away secrets of the book, and I don't want to spoil it for you who haven't read it), the chapter ends in the middle of the drama -- and the next chapter picks up about 2 weeks later, and just sort of says, Oh, by the way, here's what happened and how Kay got out of the trouble she was in.  I felt like Cornwell had just suddenly lost interest in the book, and rather than put her all into it, just wrote a quick expository chapter to tie up loose ends, end the cliffhanger, and get on to writing the next novel.  What a disappointment!!!!!<br />Bottom line:  read it, but not one I'd like to add to my personal library.
B000002GKT|5.0|Listen, put simply, Rockin' the Filmore is probably not only the best live rock 'n roll record made, it is probably the best rock 'n roll record made period.  The Pie were the band that didn't play rock 'n roll, they lived, ate, and breathed it, and frontman Steve Marriott ate up and spit out the competition.<br />Rockin' the Filmore is Humble Pies experiment into all forms of music, from hard rock, to blues, to soul, and to pyschedelic.  It all works.  The swapping of guitar leads and rythems between Marriott and Frampton are memorable excercises in contrasts as well as harmonies.  Shirley on the drums pounds the skins as if his life was depending on it and Ridley's bass lines were never second to anyone.<br />If you don't like Rockin' the Filmore, there is hope for you yet... just go to the nsync or the Britainy Spears section and i'm sure you'll find what you like.<br />As to the reveiwers who said Marriott intro's were too chauvinistic (most early authentic blues is chauvenistic) and long, I'm sure your wives are proud of you you henpecked yuppies (remember the blues classic &quot;Too much woman for a henpecked man&quot;???).  And about Rolling Stone being a bad cut, the only reason you don't like  it is that your wives are old and fat (and by the way, that means they are unattractive boys) because talking about long things 'cuz you feel inadequate, and this is what the song Rollin' Stone is about!!! <br />Anyway, Marriott's voice is brilliant, and so are the voices of the other 3 members of the Pie whose voices were also top notch.  The interpretation of blues and souls classics are original and pumped with testosterone...this is why the Pie don't really appeal to wimps, wimin' and thier henpecked counterparts.  But, there is Oprah for them, and Pie for the rest!  The Pie was simply loud, soulsy, ballsy and chauvenistic rock 'n roll and proud of it.  God Bless the Pie!!!!
B0000047CX|5.0|This was one of the first few CDs that pulled me into Jazz and since then there has been no looking back. I now not only Love Jazz but have tuned into an audiophile. Since then I have updated my equipment - to get closer to the music and performers.    Light, soulful, deep and touches the heart, makes a great gift too.    SO for me, this CD started my audiophile journey and still remains as one of the enjoyable CD in my collection
B000002JKA|3.0|The musicianship is top-notch, and the compositions, for the most part, are great.  However,  there is very little FEEL for the music on this album.  Get it anyhow (it's a good CD), but get all their others first.
B000002P6R|4.0|There are some great songs on here. I really love the version of &quot;Somebody Saved Me&quot;. I think it's alot better than Pete's solo effort on that particular song. This album is really underrated. I think it's because people were hoping for the &quot;Next Who's Next&quot;. This album is not one of The Who's masterpieces, but I think it is one of their vital albums and I think it is a very important piece of their history. Roger's voice was never any better. His roaring voice really comes through on songs like Another Tricky Day, Cache Cache, Did You Steal My Money, and You Better You Bet. Don't Let Go The Coat is a beautiful song that I love listening to. Along with Roger's great voice, the backing vocals were outstanding.
B00004XOWM|3.0|Limp Bizkit had a great start with 3 Dollar Bill Y'all.  Great heavy, original (at the time) music, mixed with awesome bass lines and awesome riffs made it a winner.  1999 came along, and LB relieased Significant Other.  It got a terrible rap fromLimp Bizkit's fans, due to a change in their music.  It still had great tunes, and it was still good music.  Here we are in 2000, and we get this album that was obviously rushed.  The music isn't half as good as the music on Significant Other.  The heavy-pumped up heavy songs have been replaced with &quot;meaningful and deeper&quot; (yeah, right Fred) songs that were supposed to have more meoldy and the like.  It was a risky change, and it turned out for the worse.  Fred Durst is an egomaniac, and he cannot sing or rap.  One thing he can do is scream to the point where you cna hear his lungs rip.  Songs like &quot;Full Nelson&quot;, &quot;Rollin'&quot;, and &quot;Hot Dog&quot; are made in the true Limp Bizkit sense.  Heavy riffs mixed with screaming vocals make these tracks the best on the record.  Then you have tracks like &quot;It'll Be Okay&quot;, &quot;My Way&quot;, and &quot;Boiler&quot;, which are slower, crappier tracks where Fred tries to get emotional, and it comes out worse than most of the stuff that was released this year.  And lastly, we &quot;Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle&quot;, &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot;, and &quot;Livin' It Up&quot;, which are straight-up rap tracks.  It's funny, Fred gets blown away by all of his rap-friends on every track.  We are left with a less than sub-par album from a group of guys who could do much better.  You would think that a cameo by Scott Weliand would make the track &quot;Hold On&quot; a heck of alot better.  It's the worst track on the album!  It's such a waste of talent, at least in the sens of Wes Borland, Sam Rivers, and John Otto.  Fred and DJ Lethal do nothing to help the band.  With a new lead singer and no DJ, Limp Bizkit could be Gods.  But until then...keep F'ing thisand F'ing that, Fred.  Your band is slowly fading away...
B00003CXE7|5.0|After winning an Oscar(c) for Best Picture, this movie is just perfect for that title. Even though Gladiator is not for the 'squelish' (battle scenes show much violence), this movie is certainly the best movie I have ever seen and anybody who watches will agree 100%.
B000002KHF|5.0|This is one of the timeless ones.  A cd where every track is a classic.  Also this one trancends the generation gap.  I'm 54 my kids are in there mid 20's we all enjoy this one over and over.
0800141660|5.0|I have seen this movie three times and it took me a while to enjoy this film.  I hated it at first but this film grew on me.  The entire cast is great, especially Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet.  A must see!
B000002KIE|5.0|I am a fairly new fan to punk music and picked 'Never Mind the Bollocks...' up after hearing that it was one of the Clash's influences (the Clash being my favorite band).  I got far more than I ever imagined.  I knew a little about the Sex Pistols from VH1, but you don't really know them until you hear this album.  'Never Mind the Bollocks...' is furious and thought provoking.  It kicks off with 'Holiday in the Sun,' a terrifying song in which Johnny Rotten talks about climbing over the Berlin Wall just to see what is on the other side.  I have found 'Bodies' to be the most disturbing song I have ever heard.  It talks about abortion from the baby's point of view!  I feel sick inside as the child screams to its mother &quot;I'm not an animal!&quot; and as the baby is referred to as &quot;just another discharge&quot; and a lump of &quot;protein.&quot;  Then of course you get along to &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; (the song that got the Pistols dropped by A&amp;M records)  and &quot;Anarchy in the U.K.,&quot; the song that started it all.  My favorite track is &quot;Sub-Mission,&quot; mainly because of the instruments.  This is a necessity for a punk fan and belongs in any serious collectors cd player (although I don't recommend it for the faint of heart).  This album will leave you squirming in your sleep.  To answer the often-asked question &quot;did the Sex Pistols fo too far,&quot; I would have to say yes, and I am behind them every step of the way!
6305165912|5.0|This is unquestionably one of the greatest movies ever - if you say otherwise you're a travesty.  The Cohen brother's propensity for genious is astounding.  The acting and script make this movie an insight into all that is good about this country.  I'm just going to go to a cash machine.
B00005A1PR|4.0|This new one from India Arie is nothing less of a good soul album. There are 3 people that will come to mind when listening to India Arie. Whitney Houston, Lauryn Hill(the most), and Tracy Chapman. There are times when you listen to her when she sounds exactly like them but the difference is she is being herself. Not trying to fill in for any of the artists. All the songs on this album have good lyrics and really try to uplift people of color and just anyone who feels left out in the world. Some might look at this as just motown trying to jump in on the soul wave of music that is coming out now(etc.. bilal, musiq, maxwell, eryka, jill scott etc..), but India makes a mark of her own. One of the best songs on the album is video and that song uses a sample from one of 112's songs &quot;Come see me&quot;. &quot;Brown skin&quot; is a song that really goes out to black people just from listening to the lyrics. Other good songs on teh album are: Nature, ready for love, always in my head, Simple, part of my life, promises, and Wonderful(goog tribute to stevie wonder). India is a mix between modern and soulful old-school R+B. Anyone who likes soul music or wants something outside the norm of R+B should grab this album.
B000002U82|5.0|When I first heard Dark Side of the Moon, I didn't think it special. I'm not a Pink Floyd fan. But then I listened to it while watching the Wizard of Oz (If you don't know what I'm talking about, do an internet search) and thought it was amazing. But that wasn't all. It is THE smoothest album of all time. The transitions are SO seemless it is like one long, brilliant song. It's as close to a picture that music can make. Simply put, it's brilliant. Everytime you listen, you hear something new, whether it's the strange whispers, or marvelous samples, or even the sometimes haunting lyrics. This is a MUST in any rock collection!
B00003CWLF|4.0|Until the climax of the film I thought this was one of the best movies to come out in a long time.  Unfortunately, the corny plot ruins the movie from becoming a great one.  Jodie Foster is incredibly boring as Anna though Chow Yun Fat is amazing as King Mongkut.  Beautiful cinematography and intense score.
B000002P6R|1.0|\\"Face Dances\\" is without a doubt The Who's WORST album ever. Though Ken Jones played with Townshend and Daltrey on some of their solo releases, he clearly lacks the persona or ability to be the rightful successor to Keith Moon. Jones plays like a studio musician and he lacks both the presence and personality which makes for a rather one-dimensional performance. <br />Townshend's prior solo album, \\"Empty Glass,\\" was sensational and it marked a high point in his career. However, on this release, Townshend hits rock bottom. What was Townshend taking when he wrote \\"You Better, You Bet\\" or \\"Another Tricky Day?\\" This is really AWFUL stuff and it's hard to believe that the man who gave us gems like \\"Quadrophenia\\" and \\"Who's Next\\" could also make garbage like this! <br />The only possible bright spot on this album is Roger Daltrey's singing. Daltrey sounds polished as ever but his performance seems somewhat restrained.<br />Glyn Johns did not produce this album and this is one of the many reasons why it sounds so flat. Johns worked with The Who on several of their albums and he knew how to get the most out of them. Here, producer Bill Szmyck (?) makes The Who sound like a trite Top-40 band with disasterous results.<br />If I could, I'd give \\"Face Dances\\" a zero because it doesn't look or sound like a Who album. This album doesn't belong in the cut-out bin, it belongs in the garbage bin.
0345350499|5.0|The Mysts of Avalon is one of the best books I have ever read.  I love all the Arthurian legends but this one really brings them alive.  Marrion Zimmer Bradley has done a superb job of mixing legends and research.  For me, this book was more than just a wonderful story and a good piece of feminist literature.  This book shed light on the struggle between Christianity and the old Goddess worshipping religions and made me dream of being a priestess on Avalon. It is one of the most important works of pagan fiction and should be on every pagan's shelf.  Everyone should read this book for its feminism and refreshing insights into Religion and Christianity, not to mention is beautiful retelling of a classic story.
B000003TBP|5.0|Ok the composition of music here is amazing.  The way each song is compiled of layered samples, distortions, and rythms.    Funky, country, punk, hip hop cuts and some interesting lyrics.  Some people will buy it because it was &quot;cool&quot;.  Some people will buy it because they get it.  As for me.  The genre isn't what I'm typically into but since it's composed soo damn well I have to give up repect and just plain love it.
0679879269|5.0|I wish that I could have experienced this masterpiece when I was 12 or 13.  That way, I could have grown up rereading this trilogy until the covers fell off!  Oh, well... anytime is perfect to jump into Pullman's dramtic universe.<br />Lyra's capture and visions of the Land of the Dead are thoroughly gripping.  I no longer could say that her captor was 100% evil, which is a credit to Pullman's character development.  His villians are far too complex to hate with perfect impunity.<br />With regards to the actual Land of the Dead, I can't remember when I have read another author who could create a landscape that was so vivid in its despondency.  It was like walking through the bombed out ruins of Dresden after World War II (and that's just the entryway!)<br />I also loved Mary Malone's interaction with the mulefa, the wonderfully strange creatures who live in absolute harmony with their environment.  If you have ever read the space trilogy by C.S. Lewis, you might see some parallels between the mulefa world and Lewis's middle book, &quot;Perelandra&quot;.<br />There are so many wonderful instances and scenes in this book that its impossible for me to pick one favorite.  I think that one major theme in this book (and in the whole series) is the importance of keeping promises.  Lyra and Will not only will do anything for each other, but they are also willing to sacrifice their very beings to help their friends and loved ones.<br />It feels good to read about imperfect people who discover thier hidden talents and use them to better serve those around them.  An apt reminder for both children and adults.
B000000OQF|5.0|This CD is quality stuff. Guns N' Roses as a huge variety of music on this CD. They changed rock forever, probably the best band of the late 80's. I have been mostly into punk rock and rap (being 14 years old of course) until out of curiosity I downloaded Sweet Child O' Mine. I was completely blown away and very impressed. Every song I downloaded just got better and better. I now am very into 80's rock (with some modern bands, mostly Blink 182 and A New Found Glory)and I wish the music would come back. The only way I could express how tight this CD is would be to just have you buy it, otherwise, it's impossible to say. Just trust me and shell out the measly 16 clams for this work of art.
B00003CXMG|1.0|This movie makes the seventies rock scene appear cutsie and innocent.  Wrong!  I know people who were there, and this is not even close to reality.  I thought I was watching an episode of &quot;Dawson's Creek&quot;.  If you want a real behind-the-scenes glimpse, try reading Bill Graham's autobiography &quot;Bill Graham Presents: My Life Inside Rock and Out&quot;.  Shame on you Cameron and Nancy (I guess it was to be expected from the husband of Nancy Wilson.  Nancy and her sister sold out years ago).
B000001G53|3.0|This was my first Parsifal recording and I fell in love with the beautiful voice of Kurt Moll when the Prelude was over. The performance was very good until Dunja Vejzovic's Kundry came in. That and the performance of Peter Hofmann really put me off. At the time I even thought those singers sang coursely. After having bought the Barenboim set did I really start to love this opera. <br />What I also found about this set was that I thought it was boringly conducted at several points in the opera, especially in the first act. Having recordings of Karajan's from 50's, 60's and 70's I think that in his later years he was SO preoccupied with beauty of the score that he forgot about the drama. His Parsifal recording is proof of this.<br />I have tried several times to listen to this set since to make myself think that it was just my mood, or something like that, that was the factor of my initial opinion. But I just seem to lose interest in the middle of the first act, after tolerating the not well sung Parsifal of Peter Hofmann. I just go back to Barenboim set.
B00004Y6RO|4.0|this CD has a lot of pretty good songs. Wait and Bleed and Spit it Out aren't the only good ones. Sic is my favorite. Anyways, if your a fan of Rap-metal(System of a Down, RATM) or Speed metal(Pantera) then you would definately get this CD. If you just like creative music(Nine Inch Nails, Tool, RATM, Deftones, System of A Down) then you might want to borrow it before you buy it.
B00003CXFV|5.0|&#34;Erin Brockovich&#34; is a wonderful movie! Starring Julia Roberts, Albert Finney, and Aaron Eckhart, it's based on the real-life story of Erin Brockovich, a down-on-her-luck, twice divorced former beauty queen with three young children. Having no post-high school education and few job skills, she has great difficulty finding and holding down a job. Despite her adversities, she displays a fierce grit and determination as she constantly seeks ways to support her family.<br /><br />Then a seemingly tragic twist of fate puts her on the road to a complete reversal of  luck. After being seriously injured in a car crash, she sues the doctor who hit her. Her antagonistic personality and foul mouth cause her to lose her lawsuit. With bluff and bravado, she persuades  her lawyer, Ed Masry, into giving her a job as a file clerk in his law firm.<br /><br />Erin finds herself intrigued by one of the cases contained in the files she's putting away. Why are people's medical records included in a simple real estate transaction? She asks Ed if she can look into it. He agrees.  What Erin finds horrifies her. A large electric utility near the small town of Hinkley has been dumping a highly toxic form of chromium into the water. Citizens in Hinkley are contracting various forms of cancer and other gravely debilitating diseases.<br /><br />The film's main story line tells of Erin and Ed's efforts to persuade Hinkley's citizens to join in a class action lawsuit against the utility.<br /><br />Julia Roberts, Albert Finney, and Aaron Echhart each  illuminate the screen with their superb performances.  In Roberts' case, it would be easy to focus on her good looks and skimpy wardrobe and slight her acting.  The fact is, though, her acting in this movie is probably her strongest attribute.  Throughout the film, Roberts' character comes off as completely natural, believable, and admirable - if not always likeable. Julia Roberts is certainly deserving of her 2001 Academy Award Best Actress award.<br /><br />Albert Finney (nominated for Best Spporting Actor) plays the gruff, irascible, hard-working, and totally decent lawyer Ed Masry. Finney's Oscar-worthy performance is certainly the equal of Roberts. The chemistry between Roberts, the star of modern-day female movie stars, and Finney, the grizzled veteran of stage and screen, sparkles.<br /><br />Aaron Eckhart' s portrayal of George, the biker-turned-boyfriend and live-in baby-sitter is a refreshing change from the typical - and expected - Harley-Davidson rider stereotype. As Eckhart depicts him, George is smart, tender-hearted, probably a bit lazy, possessed with a wanderlust he keeps under control, and a thoroughly decent fellow.<br /><br />How director Steven Soderbergh managed to keep &#34;Erin Brockovich&#34; from becoming another tedious, clich&eacute;-ridden legal and family drama is intriguing, and is probably one of the key reasons for the movie's tremendous popularity. It would have been easy to turn &#34;Erin Brockovich&#34; into a film filled with stereotypical courtroom pyrotechnics; long, idealistic speeches about the &#34;little guy&#34; versus corporate America; and characters that are either too easy to hate or too easy to love.<br /><br />That's pretty much what I expected when I began watching the movie. Instead, I witnessed a film filled with ordinary, decent people... people with faults, to be sure; but all living their lives as best they can. Instead of slick lawyers seeking victory at any cost, there are attorneys zealously representing their clients to the best of their abilities. Instead of hapless, pitiable victims of corporate greed, the townspeople of Hinkley are portrayed as caring, decent, law-abiding citizens whose only concern is the welfare of their families.<br /><br />What Soderbergh has, in fact, done is present to his audiences a wonderful reflection of American life - the good as well as the bad. At the conclusion of this wonderful film, it's easy for viewers towalk away feeling pretty good... not only about the ultimate outcome of the movie, but also about the fact that we Americans are, for the most part, decent, caring, law-abiding citizens. And that makes &#34;Erin Brockovich&#34; a film well worth seeing!walk away feeling pretty good... not only about the ultimate outcome of the movie, but also about the fact that we Americans are, for the most part, decent, caring, law-abiding citizens. And that makes &#34;Erin Brockovich&#34; a film well worth seeing!
B000002URV|5.0|Great relaxing music!
B0000027EP|2.0|I love Motorhead, but this album just isn't...that...great. This is actually the second of Motorhead's &quot;mediocre trilogy&quot; that started with &quot;Rock N' Roll,&quot; and ended with &quot;March Or Die.&quot; Anyone new to Motorhead is advised to avoid these three albums before they have all the other ones, which are all more or less straight up classics. This is not to say that &quot;1916&quot; is all bad, but it suffers from many of the trappings of slick, pre-&quot;Nevermind&quot; early 90's hard rock. Still, there are some hidden gems in mud. &quot;The One To Sing The Blues,&quot; &quot;I'm So Bad, Baby I Don't Care,&quot; and the final four tracks are all really, really good. It's a shame that the middle songs are all over-produced mainstream hard rock, and not up to Motorhead's usually-high standards. The one exception is &quot;Going To Brazil,&quot; which isn't all that great here, but is later souped-up to become one of the highlights of &quot;Everything Louder Than Everyone Else.&quot;
B00004XONN|4.0|1, mesmerising dreamlike track, listen carefully for Thom repeating &quot;cop suck&quot;. 2, starts like a cold nursey rhyme, adds a layer of doom...then gets funky, some odd atmospherics seem to go nowhere toward the end (except for the cool demonic baby opera snippet). 3, a bold experiment involving a great bass line, welcome-to-hell-atmospherics and the Salvation Army, gets better on repeated spins. 4, A standout, gorgeous strings and vocals. 5, what the hell is this? next please. 6, highly overated song, the whole thing sounds like a pinched nerve. 7, album picks up with this dreamy swim in ether ocean, ends by getting sucked up in the vacuum cleaner. 8, another standout despite a very 80's drum pattern, thanks mainly to Thom's amazing vocals and that emotive industrial sample. 9, deceptively orchestrated cranky partner singalong, builds like a subtler version of Exit Music (greatest ever R. song), great drumming too. 10, typically impenetratable Yorke enunciation is helped by those amazing harps (nicely juxtaposed with droning organ) and virgin chorus girls. 11, better than treefingers but that's not really saying much.  Thanks.
B000050IE6|5.0|Before beginning I would like to stress that this is not death metal. It would be doing injustice to categorize Opeth into the genre of death metal or any genre for that matter. Opeth transcend all genres. The only thing that it may have common with death metal is the vocals. But they are used to a great effect and are the best gruff vocals I have heard. So if anyone dismisses Opeth as another death metal band, it would be their loss. And what a loss it would be. Simply put, this is some of the best metal I have heard in a long time. This was the first Opeth CD I purchased and it simply blew me away. Now I have purchased their entire catalogue and they are brilliant. Still Life is a hark back to their Morningrise days but the songs are tighter and less meandering than on that album. It is a concept album that tells the story of a man who is in love with this girl called Melissa but the villagers disagree with their relationship. It is an ok story compared to the phenomenal concept of MAYH. Anyway the music. Where do I begin? Opeth have never sounded better, the rhythm section is brilliant, Mikael's vocals are the best in the business and his clean vocals in Benighted and Face of Melinda are superb, the guitar playing is brilliant and the rhythm changes take my breath away.  My final verdict is that if you have not heard them before then you do not know what you are missing. Any fan of their earlier work has to get this. It is a shame they do not get any recognition and do not sell a million copies. Instead we have talentless bands like Wimp Wizkit and Corny selling a million records. Only in a world like this could such injustice take place. Please spread the word and make this band famous. I have persuaded all my friends to try them out and I think you should too. They deserve every strand of praise bestowed upon them.
0684853523|3.0|I have never read any of King's works, before attempting this one. <br />I was drawn to this, because simply he is a very successful and prolific writer. And I was interested in finding out what made him tick, so to speak.<br />Well, I found this book was very poorly written. The expression lapsed in places, which I thought was due to laziness. Therefore, given the subject matter, the disparity was very annoying.<br />The book left me very uninterested in attempting his other works. <br />His general commentary on writing was useful. But I think he could have summarised it in a few words - that is, write 'simply, not flowery'.
6303187064|5.0|The Crow was a great movie. I usually don't go in for those Dark artsy kind of films. (I'm more disney.) But I've always been a big fan of his father Bruce Lee, and of his (Brandon Lee.) So I decided to watch it. It was truely great. The characters went together perfectly, you could feel the chemistry. The action was constant, the scenery was perfect. My favorite part is when Eric lights the gasoline and it pans above him to show a fire crow, then he walks away as it burns, and the real crow lands on his shoulder. That was an amazing scene.<br />This is a great buy, even for those who don't usually go in for the darker side of movies. Even my father (Who is also more disney like me) liked it. And that is a bigger surprise than me liking it, trust me. So it must be good.<br />And I loved the final interview with brandon lee at the end of the credits. When they played &quot;Can't Rain all the time&quot; at the end of the interview when he was talking about living every moment like it was your last, and not knowing when your time will come, it was really moving. I teared up. You have to get this movie. It was great.
B00000IBRX|4.0|Other reviewers who have written about the need for strong emotional grounding in order to watch this film are right. I first saw this movie a few months after the death of my closest sibling when my emotional nerves were still very raw. However, I experienced more joy in watching it than angst. While I shed tears of sadness, there were also tears of joy for remembered times. Perhaps it was the surreal and imaginative landscapes through which the actors moved that assuaged my adult sadness and feelings of loss with the joyous creativity of a child in the process of finger painting. The actors portrayals did bring me pain, but it is a pain we all will experience whether it be a cherished friend, pet, or family member. Revel in the welter of emotions that play with your heart strings during this movie. They confirm that you indeed are alive.
B00003CXCS|5.0|The Sound of Music is probably the greatest musical film ever made. Robert Wise proved once again his diversity as a director; his films range from drama to comedy and musicals. The Sound of Music is a feast for the eyes, with wonderful cinematography and set design. Julie Andrews is perfect as Maria Von Trapp, a young nun who becomes a governess. A truly brilliant family film that will be a classic for all ages.
B000056K04|1.0|This album pretty much verifies the dirty little secret I've suspected all along: Dave is the weakest link in this band.  And here he dominates virtually every inch of musical space and the end result is a really boring record.<br />I'll admit that I don't listen to these guys all that much anymore, but having grown up in VA and seen them play in the early days, I kind of like checking up on them from time to time to see how they're doing.  At the time I thought that the previous album was kind of a letdown for them, but this new one is just bafflingly bad since they seem to have expunged all the elements that made them sonically interesting in the first place.  Every time a groove tries to work its way through the mess, its blasted away with a wall of guitars and some banal lyrics.  Some songs here are better than others, but none are among the group's best.
B000002R48|4.0|This album has often been criticized for everything from poor production to poor vocals.  It may be just me and my obsession with all things 80s, but at times I prefer Charlie's voice to James's.  It is obvious, especially if one listens to When Dream And Today Unite, that there are clearly things Charlie does better than James.  I love James to death, but I regret that Charlie didn't fit DT's style of music. The music is excellent as well.  Everything from majestic, tech metal-like orchestrations to plain hard rocking tunes, from the epic Ones Who Help To Set The Sun to the now-legendary Ytse Jam, the music is outstanding.  Lyrically I also think that this album is superior to even some of DT's latest work. The only reason I gave it only four stars is because of some sections that come after very cool-sounding parts that are a drop down in intensity, I find those a bit disappointing every time I listen to this.
B00005ABI8|5.0|I have had this cd for about 3 1/2 years and I still listen to it all the time, It's that good! It is such a unique experience it's hard to put it in words. The guitar, the trumpet, the lyrics all melt into one to make this a fantastic cd. Especially with songs like &quot;I Will Survive&quot; and &quot;The Distance.&quot; It's wierd some days the lyrics just seem funny and rediculous, then other times they really symbolize important events or times in you life. I would definitely at least listen to a few songs on this album 'cause you'll be hooked.
B000056K04|3.0|Isn't Boyd tindsley the violinist and where are those crazy violin solos not seen since Crash and #41, a personal favourite.
0671027344|4.0|This fascinating epistolary novel is about Charlie (not his real name) and his life, friends, and family, all during his first year at high school. It's about the life of an intelligent, shy guy trying to fit in with his peers, and finding that he really doesn't want to. Charlie is befriended by an older girl (who Charlie has a crush on) and by her gay brother. Through those two close friends Charlie learns more about life in general, and learns ways to live and experience fully. It's a remarkable novel, not only for the poignant intelligence, but also for the way it deals with the issue of being gay: it's just a detail, not a major issue. And it's also amazing how Charlie learns about himself and his own hidden past, and how it's conveyed to the readers. &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; reminded me a bit of the movie &quot;Almost Famous&quot;, where an intelligent kid takes big steps in growing up.
B00003CX8J|4.0|This was the best summer movie of last year. This was also a great movie reditioning of the classic comic-book. Next, with all the cuts made before it was released, it should've made it easily onto a second disc. I mean, ye gods man, this was a great movie! How could they NOT give it 2 discs?
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day does it again, like they do every single time. Every time they are met by a skeptical crowd. No one wants to accept the growth, and the fact that things change. People change and grow. Little BJ isn't 18 anymore. Is a 27 still gonna write songs about leaving home, or about that girl he likes? Nope, unless theres a serious problem. He'll write about problems he faces with his wife, relationships, things he's learned. Things such as that.    The first thing you need to know before listening to this wonderful band is that they are Green Day. They are not pop, they are not punk, they are not anything... but Green Day. They're in a group of their own.     Lets get down to the music, shall we? The lyrics are the deepest I've seen. Witty, catchy... they really make you think. Also, the actual music is really great too. Theres a lot of variety. Some songs are slower (Warning), some are faster and more energetic (Jackass), and some are catchy and fun (Blood, Sex, and Booze). <br />   What else can I really say? I could take up pages talking about Green Day and their music. I must cut this short, though. If any of you would like to talk, get in touch with me. Green Day fans are the best people in the world!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This has 2 discs, which usually means that it is a wonderful DVD. First off, the extras are spectacular. With these, you can actually see how this movie was made, and it'll take you at least 3 days to review all the stuff on this disc. This is also a very good movie, not great, but good.
B00003CXE7|1.0|I went into this film with and open mind and a sense of excitement. I left however, bored and baffeled. Bored because the plot of this movie was ridiculus and insulting, but above all dull and cliche. How many times am i going to see this movie? Correct me if i am wrong but &quot;man of power runs into bully king, becomes slave, rises back to prominence via ancient athletics&quot; is that not the plot of Ben Hur.That was a dull movie but more compelling due to Chuck &quot;Gunrack on my golfcart&quot; Heston's 4 facial expressions as oposed to Mr Crowe's 2. Yes I said two, along with his time tested &quot;angry&quot; face good old Rus dusted off his brand new (what I like to call) &quot;Brooding&quot; face. If a man doesn't deserve an Oscar for being slightly less expressive than Mr Potato Head, then I don't know what he'd have to do.      Another problem with this movie is that nobody had a conversation. Every charactor belted out a series of monologues in an apearent attempt to be powerful and moving. I guess i am old fassioned but when i watch and epic I expect a moving story, great acting(or over the top acting from Chuck), and movie style dialoge not this Stoner Shakespere meets Sparticus Vs Ben Hur movie i was unwittingly subjected to. ps this movie wasn't very good
B00003CXDG|2.0|Well, for one thing, this was one of the worst movies of 2000. The only things that were worse were Mission to Mars, Battlefield Earth, and Red Planet. John Woo should've just tried to remake The Matrix than make this.
B00003CXMG|5.0|&quot;Almost Famous&quot; is one of a VERY few movies I bought without seeing it first and I'm so glad I did. The cast is enchanting, especially Patrick Fugit, as William Miller in his film debut, and the charming Kate Hudson as Penny Lane, the first &quot;band-aid.&quot; Billy Crudup was perfect in his portrayal of a &quot;rock star&quot; with an ego, as was Jason Lee as lead singer of &quot;Stillwater.&quot;<br />Since I'm a music journalist myself, I can vouch that just about everything in the film is pretty much how things go. From your name missing from the list, to your photo pass being confiscated by the venue at the last minute, to the interviews with the &quot;egos,&quot; to the interviews with the guys that have so much talent they aren't on an ego trip, and ALWAYS a deadline staring you down. I've seen it all and I really empathized with the William Miller character and his constant trials to get his interview with Russel Hammond (Cruddup), while trying to placate the head honchos &quot;Rolling Stone.&quot; <br />This film was just so REAL! I know it's based on Cameron Crowe's years with &quot;Rolling Stone,&quot; but as a journalist I still remember how thrilled I was with ALL ACCESS passes, interviews with stars I never in my wildest dreams thought I'd meet, the tour buses I visited and many other things. I think any music lover wants to be in those shoes!<br />Being out of the country back in the '70s, I wasn't aware of the &quot;band-aids not groupies thing,&quot; but their part in the story is critical to William's growth as both a journalist and a man - especially Kate Hudson's character Penny Lane. Frances McDormand turns in a stellar performance as well as William's mother. Hudson and McDormand indeed deserved their Oscar Nominations. The music in this movie is also outstanding, if a bit nostalgic.<br />The DVD may not have as many &quot;Special Features&quot; as others I've seen, but I really enjoyed Cameron Crowe's narration of how things were accomplished (Peter Frampton taught the Actors in the band to play for real!), the numerous pictures of Cameron with Rock Legends insterspersed with scenes from the film and the actual articles he wrote for Rolling Stone. <br />Most of the rest of the Special Features are bios and photos of cast members and the actual movie makers, but they were still interesting to read. I'm not used to reading most of the Special Features on a DVD, but none of the &quot;extras&quot; on the DVD version were a disappointment, although the &quot;Jerry McGuire&quot; moments seemed a bit out of place to me. But, the movie itself is what this is all about. Forget the quantity and quality of the exra stuff and buy this for the great movie it is!!
B000002G60|4.0|Suzanne Vega is really a talented artist in many ways, and her lyrics and writing style are my favorite part about her.  I still love her music though, and this album's modern sultry with little jazz influence is really fun to me.  Sultry without jazz does not come often, and she's really got something special here.  Her fans love it, but her non-fans might not understand it.<br />For those of us who like music on a higher level, I'm sure you will enjoy this.  Beware boy band lovers, and those just looking for remixes of Tom's Dinner, because they do not appear here.<br />Caramel is definitely a 5 star song, just awesome.  And seeing her perform this one in concert was a real treat (no pun intended).<br />Buy this Vega fans, female jazz vocal lovers, and mellow music lovers; you will enjoy it.
B000056NX5|2.0|The recording of the original Broadway show of Jesus Christ Super star is one favorite CDs to listen to.  The music is spectacular, the lyrics profound, and the end result is extremely moving.  Unfortunately every time it's translated into a movie it gets badgered up by some postmodern artist (and I use the term loosely) who fail to realize the profound impact and inspiration of the \\"Historical Jesus\\".  They're always trying to translate the story into the current time frame and add some spin to the story that escapes me.  The result is a mess that leaves the viewer confused and feeling cheated.  <br />In this latest version, the musical presentation was OK, however, I felt that it lacked the intensity of the original Broadway version.  Two things I found annoying where the low level of the instruments relative to the vocals, and some of the inflections/interpretations of the singers are off base and detract from the music. The visual aspect of the presentation is awful.  It is more suited to West Side Story than the Christ story.   Why can't they get some props and clothes that remind us of the Historical Jesus instead of using the big city gang motif?   Hey Jesus did live.  He developed a profound philosophy that had a snowball effect through history that left the world changed in its wake.  Why the hell do these idiot choreographers, producers and directors fail to notice this and feel the need to start mucking around trying to be clever.  Well that's modern art for you. Dunk a crucifix in a jar of urine and your making a profound statement.  The truth is they really have no talent so they resort to shock value to gain notoriety.  Reminds me of maladjusted teenagers.
B0000508U6|5.0|So I had an argument with my friend recently.  He claimed the music is not &quot;super-cool&quot; because it is not innovative, so it is only &quot;cool&quot;.  Although I don't agree with his rankings, there is some truth to that.  Definitely reminiscent of Radiohead and a sound not far from some very mainstream alternative stuff that is out there; I could care less though because the music draws you in, and picks you up in it's arms.  The lyrics are deep and suitable to our generation.  Anyway, my favorites:<br />Don't Panic is an awesome song, and it just has an annoying length.  At two minutes you can't do anything but want more when it ends.<br />Yellow is the most popular song on the disc, and is definitely note worthy.<br />Trouble has an amazing visual sensation, it would make a great music video (even though I'm not really into that sort of thing).  He's caught in the middle of a spider web.<br />High Speed, the repetitive low guitar solo drives me crazy, and I think you will love it too.<br />Overall a great album, maybe not entirely innovative, but outstanding all the same.
B00004VWA7|5.0|Jaco is undoubtably great, but his declaration of being the worlds best bass player can no longer persist in the Victor Wooten Era
B00004UEFL|5.0|White Light/White Heat is the blueprint for tonal liberation. Any pesron who has strapped on an electric guitar and attempted to twist it as far as possible owes a debt to the Velvets, and to this album. Nearly 35 years after the fact, this album is still jarring and an uncompromising piece of experimentalism. The 17-minute musical orgy Sister Ray is the album's centrepiece, a three-chord steamroller - the band creating a   frenzied, serrated groove. Sterling Morrison and Lou Reed's guitars slash and burn throughout the album, John Cale adds his brilliant flourishes of inspiration (especially his organ work on Sister Ray), and Moe Tucker is as steady as a rock on the drums. The title-track is a sharp shock, a pounding slice of prime garage rock. Lady Godiva's Operation, with its haunted house atmosphere is a truly creepy, eerie song. There's the atonal guitar squall of I Heard Her Call My Name, one of the most intense pieces of mauling power ever to be etched into vinyl. The Gift is an actual short story, narrated by John Cale over a hypnotic musical backround. The sly Here She Comes is a lesser known gem, an urgent song of lustful anticipation.  The album is a bona fide winner. While not all casual fans will enjoy it, I absolutely love the Velvets and this album. Don't come looking for straightforward rock, this is what I can only describe as sophisticated musical anarchy - sonic expressions that are lucid and powerful. No one who has built on this sound through the years has quite equalled  the Velvets for beauty, power and bold lyricism forged into art.  Don't stop here though, the gritty beauty of the Velvet Underground &amp; Nico, the elegance of the Velvets' third album and the pop melodicism of Loaded all make for satisfying monumental listening experiences.
6305736650|5.0|Casablanca is the 2nd greatest movie of the 100 top  in the last 100 years according to the American Film Institute (AFI) poll of 1998.<br />Warner Brothers Studios produce an abundance of hit patriotic romance features during the War Years (1940's).  They had a stable of the greatest stars (Bogart, Bergman, Rains, Lorre, Greenstreet to mention a few) which produced countless movies in short order.<br />In Summary; French Morocco during World War II love triangle night club owner Rick (Humphrey Bogart), Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman) &amp; Victor (Paul Henreid) try to outwit &amp; escape the Nazi's with many twists &amp; turns involving an assortment of memorable characters you'll never forget.<br />Casablanca was the greatest of Warner Brothers (Best Picture Oscar)1940's features.  In my opinion the #1 movie as yet due to the fantasic script, sreenplay (Won an Oscar) plots, cast, direction (Best Director Oscar)and charismatic attraction you'll have in watching this movie over and over.<br />The extras include a fantastic documentary narrated by Bogarts wife, Lauren Bacall.<br />Seeing is believing, trust me, pull up a comfortable chair and watch this digitalized Black &amp; White classic &quot;CASABLANCA&quot;.
B00003CXSP|2.0|This movie could have been the best movie of the new year. Instead we get a very long, borning opening that I must admit, I fell asleep in. Hannibal doesn't kill anyone until one hour and fifteen minutes into the movie. And no matter what anyone tells you, the movie does not have that much gore. I have seen a lot worse. I didn't really care about the killing, but there really is no suspense at all. I didn't care what hannibal was doing in Italy or what C. Starling was doing. When I saw the preview I thought the whole movie was going to be a &quot;catch me if you can&quot; movie. It wasn't that at all. The best part of the movie is the ending, which had the most gore. Anyhow, I thought Ridley Scott would have done a much better job. I like all of Scott's previous flims a lot more.
B00004T37H|5.0|In this movie you see the struggle of a young man who needs to find the nightwalker.  The nightwalker is the only thing that can heal him of a wound he got from battling a demon.  This movie is his adventures of him trying to save himself.  I recommend this movie!
B000003TAW|5.0|This CD was a favorite when I first got it, but it fell to the wayside for a couple of years.  I recently picked it back up and think that it's a great CD.  Every song is fast and upbeat and catchy.  The only problem is that it's too short.  This CD is a nice break from all the rap a college student hears in the dorms, and form all the hard rock I listen to.  I would recomened this to anybody who even remotly likes rock-and-roll.
B000059QYB|5.0|All of Idol's best are represented here from his first EP, Don't Stop, to his last album, Cyberpunk.  This collection also contains an acoustic version of Rebel Yell recorded live in December 1993, with Steve Stevens on guitar, playing his heart out.  It sounds as if not a day had passed since the original studio recording.  Also included is Billy's version of Simple Minds' 80's Anthem &quot;Don't You Forget About Me&quot; from the move &quot;The Breakfast Club&quot;.  Again Stevens helms the guitar &amp; the version is very faithful to the original while still distinctly &quot;Idol&quot;. The song was written by Keith Forsey, Idol's long-time producer &amp; was originally offered to Billy but was not recorded back in 1984/85, for reasons unknown.  <br />All of the songs have been &quot;24 Bid Digitally Remastered&quot; and sound fabulous.  Kudos to Capitol Records for giving this Artist the treatment he deservs.  Idol helped define the 80's MTV Generation &amp; is still a powerful force in the industry as his version of &quot;Don't You&quot; will attest. An album of all new material is expected by year's end &amp; if the last track on this album is any indication we have alot to look forward to......This is an essential purchase for any Idol fan/80's Music fan-
B000002UDB|5.0|The Magical Mistery Tour from The Beatles is a remarkable rock and roll album. Its contents are very appreciated for me, including Penny Lane, Give Peace a Chance, Your Mother Should Known etc. Well, to talk about other songs included in Magical, I'd like first to point out of how important Penny Lane was for my days. It is, when I listen to this song today, as a visit to my old suburb, where I grew up as my childhood, my teenager years, untill to become an adult.  Its passages show - in the lyrics - places where there are in many places (suburbs) in the world, but for sure, and for me -, they portray my life! It's impossible for me, not making any analogy with the 'barber shop', the streets names, the fire car, the horse riding on the roads etc, as the song goes by. That's a real voyage that I wouldn't feel so comfortable if I wouldn't shared with you! About Give Peace a Chance,I really have lived very nice and important moments just by listening to this song, which adds so many to the lives of all those who lived the 60's.  It's impossible to forget about the music/words contained in it. It is also impossible do not forget how this song is (was), by its perfection, being the &quot;picture&quot; of an entire generation, being as such too, chosen to be the only one to be broadcasted in the world first sattelitte TV show for the whole planet!  So, to listen to this Album is to remember the nice moments that The Beatles brought, giving us a share-rolling as a single and as an individual human among all - world wide!
630264366X|5.0|I purchased this video and I am very pleased with it. It's a really good film and depicts how evil always needs help from good. I find it disturbing that I can find no information on the character that Christopher Plummer plays in this film (Herbert Kapplar). If anyone has any information please let me know.
B000005AYM|5.0|I've had this c.d. for about three years and I still love it. It's like a classic wine that retains, if not surpasses its original quality with time. Baduizm is simply put, beautiful. Erykah Badu's poetic lyrics paired with her soothing voice is enough to unwind anyone should they be needing relaxation. My all time favorite song on this c.d. is &quot;otherside of the game&quot;.
B00003CXC7|4.0|While this movie is greatly regarded as a masters work when Hitchcock was at his finest I found it somewhat lacking. I wish I could give this movie 3 and a half stars, but I'm sure amazon is more concerned with selling movies then me posting an accurate review of this movie. I found the movie very enjoyable and loved the set. It lent itself to being very memorable as is was just that one set. Stewart and Kelly play off each other wonderfully and our truely great together. I just could not believe the story until the end when I just gave in to the idea. Still the movie is wonderful at what it is suppose to do. Hitchcock uses the idea of the audience seeing what his character sees plus a little more to tell the story and add to the suspense. I have to recommend this movie to any film fan.
B00003CXE6|5.0|A Roman epic, a Loyal Roman's Odyssey, a movie that makes you cheer and cry for the good guy.  <br />A great and respected General, Maximus (Russell Crowe) helps Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris), the Roman Emperor, win another battle.  This battle was against the last enemy \\"of the time\\" to oppose Rome.  Marcus Aurelius, tired and old, is concerned for the future of Rome.  He decides that Rome's future would be better of it were run by a Senate instead of an Emperor.  He confides in Maximus and his son Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) that he is going to declare Maximus his successor to work with the Senate instead of making his heir apparent son, the Emperor.  Commodus kills his father before the announcement and, when Maximus will not pledge his allegiance to Commodus, has Maximus executed.  He also crucifies Maximus' wife and son, who Maximus loves dearly, but hasn't seen in almost three years.  Maximus narrowly survives the attempt on his life, but ends up a slave to an ex gladiator (Oliver Reed).  Commodus had admitted to his father that he is neither brave, respected, nor righteous, like Maximus, instead he exclaimed that he is ambitious, smart, and cunning. He knows his role as Emperor is tenuous at best, as many believe the senate should be the governing factor of Rome.  The gladiators are brought to Rome by Commodus as a ploy to entertain and thus gain allegiance of the people.  However Maximus the Gladiator \\"known as the Spaniard\\" gains the good will of all that watch the games.  Once Commodus finds out who the Spaniard really is, Maximus needs to be saved by his one time love Lucilla (Connie Nielsen) Commodus' sister, and a loyal Roman Senator.<br />While the sound track will not be on the top ten hits list, it works well with the story line and helps build suspense and mood.  The grandeur and reality of the landscape, especially the coliseum (albeit noticeably digitized) is noteworthy.  The script makes the characters and plot believable.  The acting of Croweand Phoenix make it come to life with the help of director Ridley Scott (Hannibal, G.I Jane, Alien, Thelma and Louise, Blade Runner and Someone to Watch Over Me, to name a few).  Crowe, after making numerous movies involving Australia where his acting, looks, masculinity and horsemanship where propelling him to bigger and better roles in more recent films, such as LA Confidential and last years film The Insider.  Crowe leaves his suit coat and whistle blowing scientist role in The Insider to go back to the rugged look, which he can obviously play.  Crowe shows us his macho side in this movie, much as he did in LA confidential where he played a police detective that takes on the mob and dirty cops.   In contrast to his macho side is his sincere love for his wife and son, once you see him light the candles and hold the little wooden figurines of his family to help get through the time away from home, you can sympathize with him when they are killed.  <br />While I am not a big fan of Phoenix, (The Yards, 8MM, Clay Pigeons, and To Die For) in this film he convinced me he was truly cruel and off of his rocker. Nielsen (Mission to Mars, Soldier, Devil's Advocate and Voyage) is beautiful, loyal, and convincingly sincere in her fear of her brother and in her love for Maximus.  Reed, who died during the production, stars in his final role after over two dozen movies since the early 1960s.  He played and looked the part of a retired Gladiator that shows the \\"Spaniard\\" how to win the crowd's favor.<br />When this movie came out I couldn't decide if I wanted to see it, so I asked someone who had.  My secretary, I'll just say she is over 50 years of age, \\"said I loved it!  Russell Crowe's eyes are to die for!  You and your wife will both like it.\\"  I like action movies but my wife does not; yet we both enjoyed the movie very much.  We felt the battles, scenery, and roles played by the actors were very realistic.  This movie is not unlike Braveheart and The Patriot, both of which have there bloody scenes but they are offset by intensity and captivating roles of the characters.  The Gladiator, rated \\"R\\" due to the fact that it also has graphic violence and bloodletting as the war between the Germanic tribes and the Romans comes to life.  Of course the battles that the gladiators have also let a head or two roll.  Don't let this bit of realism scare you off, much of the veracity is subdued by the grandeur and speed at which it happens.  Beyond the blood, the acting is good, the scenery and the coliseum are beautiful, but can't be appreciated on TV like on the big screen.  The politics involved with running Rome at the time is realistic, much like today where politicians play one group against another to get their way and/or where they want to be.  The plot is well thought out, and the story moves along making the two and a half-hour movie seem much shorter.  It gets five stars.
B000000OA6|5.0|after a long string of so-so with a couple of very good albums, since 'Day at the races', Queen finely came out with a masterpiece out doing 'Sheer heart attack'. This is currently my 4th favorite album ever although freddie mercury 'Barcelona' is very close'.<br />I don't know how 'Show must go on' could possibly fail to be a number 1 hit for say about 15 weeks or so and a platinum song 5 times over. It seems impossible to me NOT to love this song. It is my 3rd queen favorite followed by 'All gods people' 4th (probably the song with the most powerful queen harmony). ('ferry fello..' and 'Bohimian rhap..' are 1 and 2) all four I give 5 stars meaning that they are in my top 15 songs of all time period. Actually 'Show must go on' is easily in my top 5. The symphonic accompaniment (pardon my spelling)would make an excellent instramental by itself, then add an increddible and emotional melody with powerful queen harmony. Should have deffinataly been a huge hit. <br />I can't live with you is also in my queen top 10, a strong 4 star and 'head long' is not very far behind. Innuendo I would give mabey a weak 4 star or strong 3 1/2 (B+ to A-) star. the rest are no worse then 3 stars (or B)
B00003CXMG|4.0|This was easily one of the top 5 movies of the year, however the DVD is not quite what I expected it to be.  To start off, the movie is just great, with stelar performances by Kate Hudson and  Frances McDormand, as well as newcomer Patrick Fugit.  From an audio perspective, the sound quality of the DVD is music to your ears.  I personally have a Dolby Digital 5.1 setup, and it is one of the best sounding DVD's in my collection.  The music of the film is also great, and very symbolistic of the early 70's rock era.  The disappointing part about this DVD is the special features, which were quite (for lack of a better term) bland.  **Bottom line: Great movie.  O.K. DVD. Wait for the special edition or buy now if you really liked the movie.**
B000056K04|5.0|I'm guessin most hardcore dmb fans love this cd, just cuz its dmb. I love it, in fact i think its some of their best work. I myself am in a band, and i know you can't play the same long lengthy stuff like dave was doin in the past, you always have to change, i see nothing wrong with it, look it how many albums they've sold. They can still go out there and have an awesome live show with this stuff, expand on it and everything. People out there who don't like dave, hey i respect your opinion, but this is a good rock album, and dave is all over the place. I've heard some of the songs from the cd the band was goin to release and there good, but there all depressing songs, Dave and the band needed something to spark them, the new producer and this cd did that.
0156528207|5.0|The Little Prince is a classic.  It is the epitome of a story for all ages, at all times.  The Little Prince will transport you to another place, another time and new dimension.  Since first reading the book over 20 years ago, it has remained a staple on my shelf.  I often refer to the lessons it teaches about humanity, vulnerability and love.  This book is (still) a treasure.
0451196716|5.0|This book is very, very intense.  Many of the scenes have stuck with me for a long time.  Especially &quot;It hurts, it hurts...&quot; <br />*SHUDDER!*<br />A truly incredible piece of literature.
6304698798|5.0|No need to say that this movie is the best western movie ever made. The story, acting, scenes are wonderful. But being an old film the sound and visual quality is on the average. But this movie is a cult and a &quot;must have&quot; item. After watching the movie, you will discover that the good is really not the good, the bad is not bad and the ugly is really not the ugly.. WATCH AND ENJOY...
B000002KDS|4.0|Anyone who thinks Alices best material exists on Billion Dollar Babies should really take a look at this. It is by far the most conceptual of the original bands work and very dark in places. Almost up to Welcome To My Nightmare standards. Yeah so it does contain easy rockers like Be My Lover (nevertheless a catchy tune anyway...), but you can't go wrong with the gothic masterpiece Dead Babies. Desperado is probably the most overlooked song by the original band. Almost as good as Dwight Fry ?<br />The songs have a complexity to them here as well which is rare for pre-solo Alice. Halo Of Flies is such a complex arranged song, and years before Guns N' Roses hit the scene. Although I don't mean to do down Guns N' Roses in any way, just check out the classic road rocker Under My Wheels and you'll know where a lot of their stuff came from (they even performed it live with Alice in 1987). Although doesn't contain killer doesn't contain the hits, its arguable a lot of Alices best material was never released as singles, and this is definately his most thought provoking and deep album of his early years next to Welcome To My Nightmare and certainly the best of the original band.
B00003CWRX|3.0|i am really disappointed while watching this movie. I dont know, maybe my expectations were high. But i got bored. The movie is unnecessarily long and the tempo is always low. Al pacino is good but russell is not. The story is interesting. It shows the direction of press towards social problems. I prefer not to watch that movie but...its ok..at least it worths to see al pacino on screen.
0679879269|5.0|Unpatronising, dark, humanist, epic, deep - a series based on a Seventeenth Century religious poem... this is children's literature?  Yes.  Rewrite the critical textbooks because this is the triumphant conclusion to a series for children (and adults) that doesn't talk down or compromise artistry in any way. Not many people have been able to do this - perhaps only Alan Garner, and Ursula Le Guin's Earthsea books. A lot has been written about Harry Potter recently, and while that series is amusing, diverting and fun, J.K. Rowling doesn't have half of the humanity, understanding, emotion, style and characterisation of Philip Pullman. 'His Dark Materials' is withtout doubt the best fantastic series that has ever been written for older children.  I'll restrict myself to some key reasons: first of all Pullan is honest and courageous enough to stand up to the cheap and patronising relgious morality that has characterised a lot of children's literature, and not just overtly religous series like C.S. Lewis' 'Narnia' sequence. Pullman is a passionate humanist whose belief in the complex, difficult but wonderful variety of humanity infuses this book. And he even manages to kill God in a very humane way! However, the characters don't all survive and have happy endings - there is death and loss and pain, which are all essential to the series. The books are full of darkness, but it is a darkness which can be wrestled with and overcome. A particularly fine part of this final book is set in the dismal realm of the dead, full of the disappointed and the hopeless spirits of those who had believed in something transcendant after death. The key to the unpatronising nature of the Series is the way in which the characters change and grow up through the three books. They don't remain children - there is even a sensitive and effective description of sexual awakening - you don't find that in many children's books.  Finally, there is the incredible scope of Pullman's worlds. He has created not just one, but several beautfully detailed worlds, complete with their own evolutions: armoured bears (my favorite!), tiny people who fly on dragonflies, a whole world whose symmetries are different from our own, complex villains, an underlying universal system that succesfully combines magic religion and quantum physics...  I could go on. Suffice it to say that this is a work of genius that should be read to children, by children and by adults.
6305807086|2.0|BUT could not succeed! the story is interesting but not impressing. This is just like some other dump fantastic movies. The writer tries to be impressive, but he becomes rediculous... OK watch this movie and see...
0140288503|4.0|I read this book as part of an assignment for a class dealing with war crimes.  From the standpoint of studying war crimes, I felt that Black Hawk Down was not necessarily an appropriate assignment for the subject matter of the class.  Based on the rest of the books I had read for this class, I had expected to read much more about what circumstances in Somalia led to the events Bowden discusses. Nevertheless, I still found the book fascinating and difficult to put down.<br />Although based on events that actually happened, the book reads like a novel, giving every detail of the events of October 3, 1993, when the U.S. Ranger Task Force descended on Mogadishu, Somalia, with the mission of capturing a notorious warlord.  As it turned out, the battle lasted all night, and was far more costly than they had anticipated.<br />Bowden¡¯s book skillfully takes the reader through all the events of the entire operation.  In reading the book, I found it difficult to imagine that not only was Bowden not there for the events, but that he does not even have any combat experience or expertise.    Throughout the book, he analyzes what moves were made, and what mistakes were made.  Although I admittedly have no military experience or knowledge myself, I found his account of the events totally convincing.  <br />In addition to the detailed account of the American troops¡¯ actions, I also found his discussion, from time to time, of the actions of Somalians to be quite insightful.  While the focus of the book is on the battle, his discussion of the Somalians gives the reader some minimal exposure as to just how largely life in Mogadishu at the time differed from ours in America.
6300214354|5.0|Nothing to say... This is the cult of funny films... The &quot;dump&quot; funny movie producers should see that before making another &quot;dump&quot; movie!
0385334206|5.0|I first read this book when I was in eleventh grade.  In that grade we were studying American literature.  I wasn't required to read this slick little number.  But, it was easily more brilliant than Song of Solomon, The Awakening, or The Scarlet Letter.  This book should be handed out to immigrants entering this country so they can see the way really are.  Kurt Vonnegut ignores every law of formal writing and structure to give us this ugly, growling, balls-out,beautiful, American epic.
0451526384|5.0|I've hated the fact that Persuasion isn't one of Jane Austen's most famous works ever since I read it. It is truly a beautiful love story, and it is written perfectly (as only Jane Austen could do). <br />The story is about Anne Eliot, one of Austen's most likeable characters. Seven years before the novel begins, Anne had been persuaded out of a marriage to Frederick Wentworth. Neither Anne nor Captain Wentworth, had been persuaded out of love, though. Both have basically wasted the last seven years. Fortunately for the couple, circumstances arise which through them back together, and the two have to attempt to build a new relationship and deal with there own actions from years before.<br />Persuasion is possibly Austen's greatest love story. It is much less satirical than here other novels. Anne is also a much more sympathetic character than say Emma. The novel is, of course, in Austen's incomparable style. Any romantic or lover of great literature would adore this beautiful novel.
B0089BSM70|5.0|There are reviews for several different DVD & blu ray releases of this movie in this section. This review is for the Shout / Scream Factory Collector's Edition blu ray version. I now have four recent releases on blu ray from this company: Halloween II, Halloween III, Funhouse and They Live. They all have spectactular audio / video presentations and have just never, ever looked this good. Even Halloween II has been given an upgraded video transfer over last year's Universal 30th Anniversary release. They only thing that version has over this one is the  rather excellent documentary feature film, \\"Terror in the Isles\\", that was included as a major special feature. So hold onto it if you bought that version too.<br /><br />As a side note, one pet peeve of mine as a collector, is the tendency of companies that release home video media to put new uninspired cover art on their DVDs and blu rays. My only disappointment with these four blu rays from Shout / Scream Factory initially was the \\"pulp-comic book\\" drawn look of the cover art. Well...I just discovered (by accident) that they all have reversable cover sleeves with the original classic movie poster cover art inside. So I reversed all of them on mine. You can tell that releasing these films properly is a labor of love for Shout / Scream factory. They really thought of everything. I look forward to buying Terror Train, Deadly Blessing and next year's The Fog, The Howling, Night of the Comet and Lifeforce. Bravo!
B000002I2G|5.0|So many people say that they consider this a bad Doors album because of the un-Doors-like string arrangements etc...  Why do you think it is the SOFT Parade?  Morrison and the Doors are pressing the limit that you will still consider rock and roll, this is the discourse of the blues shaman.  The title track deliberately switches gears so quickly and enters territory lyrically and musically which seems to clash with the phase before.  It is all done in the name of their philosophical vision of rebellion etc...  It's easy to scoff, consider the importance of a band which thinks and challenges your tastes while still driving 14 year old girls crazy (in its day).  BANDS LIKE THIS DO NOT EXIST ANYMORE MAN!!!!!!
0767802470|4.0|This is, I guess as close as one can get to the real thing!  For every \\"Das Boot\\" lover there is only the original 6 hour version that captures the atmosphere on the U-Boot like nothing else. For those who don't like to dedicate themselves to a six hour movie but still are hungry for more \\"Boot\\" than the movie release gave them, this is the way to go.  There is a full version DVD available these days for the purists.  Like this DVD, it is German, but has an English track (which is terrible) and subtitles (which cover about half the dialogue in the movie).
0679879269|2.0|After waiting for ages with baited breath for this third and final novel, I felt myself feeling sadly let down as I finished it.  Actually, the previous sentence rather understates how I felt. When I finished the novel I threw it against the wall and yelled, &quot;This is what I waited for?!&quot;  <br />First of all, where the second novel leaves off at a very climactic point, the third one picks up as if it is no big deal. Like if someone says, &quot;Hey! You're hanging over a cliff and you're gonna die if you don't do something right now!&quot; and then five minutes later says, &quot;Well, actually, you're not really hanging over the cliff, you're just a good twenty feet away from it, and if you're not careful you might fall over.&quot;  <br />Secondly, the book wandered, it was like he didn't really know where he was going with the novel.  Pullman drifts from place to place, picking up his characters, pulling them back into the main story, and then once more losing them as he gets distracted with another idea.  It was incredibly discombobulated. <br />Next, the explanations of Dust, the war between the heavens, and all of those other-worldly things we've been so taken with were just, well, contrived. And a cop-out.  There was nothing grand or spectacular. Once more, it seems as though he didn't think things through, as though he sat at a table with his editors and said, &quot;Well, I have to figure out the deal with this Dust stuff. What do you think would be a good explanation?&quot;<br />Finally, the way everything worked out in the end was just, at the risk of sounding repetitious, contrived.  &quot;Whoops, I've reached five hundred pages! I should end this pretty soon!&quot;  <br />I feel cheated. I waited for so long that I was fully expecting the novel to be worth it. It wasn't. If you want my advice, if you're looking for epic trilogies with wonderfully compelling characters, plots, and worlds, go check out Robin Hobb.  I promise you won't wind up throwing her books out the window.
B000002UR7|5.0|i'll keep this quick and to the point. pablo honey is a great freakin' album. it may be different than anything after, but that doesn't make it any less of an album. with three guitarists going at pretty much any time, the wall of guitar they produce is too tall to look beyond. the japanese import with five extra tracks is even better. anything released by radiohead is better than anything released recently. it doesn't matter which album you buy first, just buy them all.
B000002H6C|5.0|i don't know what this other guy is talking about saying it has shoddy production, the production on this album is the ideal that bands have been trying to achieve ever since, the heavy bass drum triggers, the ultra scooped guitars, the crisp highs and extreme low end, the layering, the subtleties, it is truely a masterpiece, what i wouldn't give to have flemming rassmussen produce my bands next album. as far as the songwriting as someone else said this album is epic, that is the best way to describe it, it's long, dynamic, doesn't get boring (it's hard to write a 9 minute long song that never gets boring). i've been listening to this album for the past 13 years and it still sounds as fresh as when i first got it, which i sadly cannot say for every release they made after this. this album is not properly credited as so but has been one of the most influential metal albums of all time, practicly ALL metal bands since have heavily triggered their drum sound to get this kind of heft and clarity, and needless to say the scooped sound became the trademark of metal after this album. needless to say this album is a wise investment for anyone into metal that for some reason hasn't actually heard it yet.
B000002KIE|5.0|What can you say about this album that hasn't already be said? Is it possible to review an album like this and convince someone offended by the band's name or their infamous lyrics declaring themselves to be anti-Christs that it is a staple in anyone's collection (with the exception of those individuals who remain true to the Chant series, Enya or that new age Christian crap)? This album has a unique sound unmatched by anyone since. It's not my favorite album mind you, but I feel that if you like any, and I mean any, rock or pop muscians you must own this album. It's anrgy punk anthems are so good that you'll find your-self head-banging in the car and pretending to tell your ex off. This LP defines the punk era...God Save anyone who doesn't own this classic. (Warning: if you are on some God kick b/c you're afraid of eternal damnation and feel by connecting with God He'll brush aside that drunken one-nighter with your secretary or you think BSB are legitimate muscians don't buy this album...not b/c you won't like it, or find it interesting and fun, but b/c you'll be offending me personally by pretending you're a person with real musical tastes.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This is one excellent CD. There is a friend of mine who didn't really like Iron Maiden, he said it wasn't his thing. I played this album for him on a long car trip and sure enough the next day he went and bought it for himself along with Live at Donnington, and A Real Live Dead One. If that doesn't say enough I left this album in a friends car one day when we were at the mall, and his car was broken into and the only thing stolen was this CD.  This album sounds great. Bruce seems like he's been worn out from the tour but he sure gives the fans all he's got. Dave and Adrian play great. Their guitar sounds are nice and tight, with great sounding distortion and warm tone. Steve plays the bass like he always does, outstanding. Nicko's playing is also a spectacle in itself. The enhanced section of the disc includes some cool videos, pictures, etc. I have loved Maiden for the past 7 years, their music has largely influenced my own guitar playing. The album is a must have for all Maiden fans, old fans, and new fans will most definitely love this album.
B000056K04|5.0|I didnt know what to expect from this album. The last one didnt work for me. The single &quot;I did it&quot; sounded weak and the video was god-awful (...) rubbish (which I suppose was the point). However listening to the album, I am drawn to it. Lovely sounds and song structures that remind me of Sting/REM stirred with that kind of experimentation one heard in the 70's.<br />Maybe its not for everyone, maybe hardcore fans need a different sound from Dave Matthews but to my old ears this was a pleasent surprise in a time of lackluster boring sounds played on the radio.
B000059MEK|5.0|I will attempt to set the record straight here. I bought Homework, I had a listen of DISCOvery (as I emphasize on the first five letters), so now let's compare. In every sense of the word 'innovation', most of the singles in Homework play out like repetitive 4-by-4 clubland trance that wants to induce an immersive feel in listeners, therefore the album is a production of 'progressive disco'. To me when Homework came out, it was cutting-edge new stuff in the league of Dmitri From Paris. On the contrary, DISCOvery is like an archeology exercise in re-creating the exact 70s and early 80s retro and happy 'flower power' feel of disco shared commonly among...can you guess the artistes/songs? Village People, MARRS, ABBA, Bee Gees and even the Hawaii-5-0 theme. Do I sound ridiculous? But this is my overall impression. Check out the prominence of supporting instruments like cymbals, trumpets and the revered rock guitar and filter effects. The big discovery in this album is that the disco recorded herein is in its most orthodox form, harking back to the days of Saturday Night Fever and white-man disco. I can understand that some listeners are taken aback by what sounds so stupidly kitsch and backward, warning others not to give it another chance. In this case, they are missing the whole point. After all, DISCOvery is never meant to be one of those works 'that look back into the past in order to bring forward the future' that kinda nonsense, i.e. Homework, Amon Tobin's Permutations, Dmitri's Sacred Bleu, etc. The music is ALREADY 25-yrs-old. Only the lyrics and music composition are new, that's all. Maybe Daft Punk has not done enough to convince listeners that they are not following after Eiffel 65 (ha!). Then again, I cannot think of another album in recent years that sounds like all-so-retro DISCOvery (no no, not even Bob Sinclar or the Cleptomaniacs, maybe A Night In The Playboy Mansion?). I don't think it's easy for Steven Spielberg to film a B&amp;W movie, so do you think it's easy for Daft Punk to record a thing like this all over again? Same generational analogy. DISCOvery is really veryDISCO, maybe too disco for some to stomach, but it is essentially a history textbook, a time machine. Read it.
B000002UW1|5.0|With songs like &quot;Welcome to the Reconstruction&quot;, &quot;Exhuming McCarthy&quot; and &quot;The End of the World As We Know It&quot;, this CD is unfortunately as relevant as when first released.
0380789019|3.0|London below and London above, which would I choose? The obvious one. But neither one came alive, not at all, really, throughout the story. Gaiman starts off a little slow, building, then speeds up, slows down, and yet, it's always a good read. But, it's not a great read. Don't expect much from the writing; these words would be better served as a script, or a comic book; or with another writer helping to add vivid images. For example; a man hangs on a cross, crucified. He is bloody. That's all he says, paraphrased. I don't necessarily want to see such a thing, but that's the way it is througout the book. Some of the Characters are pretty one sided, like the bodyguard. Towards the end, the bodyguard becomes more alive, but untill then, might as well not say anything. The marquis, and Richard are good characters, Croup and Vandemar aren't bad either; though it would have been nice for Vandemar to grow a little. But then, after all the time they've been together it makes sense that he wouldn't. I definitely think this is a book worth reading, especially if you are tired of reading fantasy about all powerful characters who do everything. Richard is more pathetic then I am, most likely, more sad then you as well; and he almost has no redeeming qualities on the whole journey. He actually seems like he's there just on accident, not to solve every problem that comes their way. Which is a scent of roses over the midden heap, that a lot, not all by any means, of fantasy. A good read, and this is Gaiman's first solo novel.
0679721037|1.0|This book is meant to make Americans feel guilty. They should not. Dropping the bomb saved an estimated 4 million allied soldiers. Read it if you want to see things from a Japanese point of view. Then please read any book about the Pacific campaign written by an American. Your feelings of compassion for the Japanese people will quickly disappear.
B000002BBY|5.0|Great rock 'n roll CD.  While the band themselves may have a few ego issues, if you can look past that to the music, they do a really stand-up job here.  Worthwhile tracks include the great &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger,&quot; &quot;Hey Now,&quot; and &quot;Cast No Shadow.&quot;  The lyrics stray from time to time as the gallagher brothers are looking for rhymes, but this is probably Oasis' best work to date.  Great CD to kick back and relax to.
B00003CX8I|3.0|X-Men (Bryan Singer, 2000)<br />Singer is a genius, pure and simple. ANyone who could create something like The Usual Suspects has to be a genius. No two ways about it. And thus he was tabbed to do the long-awaited film version of the comic book X-Men. And to his credit, he did a wonderful job with what he was given.<br />The story centers mostly around Wolverine (an interestingly-coifed Hugh Jackman) and Rogue (Anna Paquin), who find themselves thrown together and caught in the middle of a longtime battle between old friends Magneto (Ian McKellen) and Professor Xavier (Patrick Stewart). Wolverine and Rogue, along with Magneto and Xavier, are mutants-- humans with various special powers. Magneto and Xavier run the two cliques of mutants, if you will, and Wolverine and Rogue swear allegiance to neither; they don't have much time to weight their options, though, as the two sides fighting over them attempt to recruit them for a very dastardly deed that Magneto's got going on.<br />A plot that simple would have made for a bang-up two and a half hour action film. Where the writers went wrong was in trying to add too much in the way of subplots, and they ended up with something a lot more confused than it really needed to be. A focus on the humanity of the mutants and the decisions that Wolverine and Rogue need to make would have been enough to fill a film (I mean, come on, the Usual Suspects wasn't all that long on plot, either; all the greatness came from the subtleties within an extremely simple mystery). Still, if looked at somewhat simply, it does work as an action film; there's a good deal of eye candy, stuff blows up, Ray Park does his usual flying-leap-all-over-the-place thing, and Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen aren't considered two of the greats for nothing, you know.<br />A great way to kill some time, but don't be expecting a whole lot of depth. ***
0312117337|5.0|This Tarot Deck is my favourite.  I find it breaks away from the traditional tarot in that it's not intended to tell you what is happening in your future but more telling you what is within you and how it affects the things around you.  I find the readings with this deck uncannily accurate and once after a reading had a friend tell me that it wasn't that the cards saw what she had always hidden, it was that I knew as well from reading them for her.   The cards prove a favourite among my friends when they request a reading from me, I also use them often as they show me what often I am not willing to see otherwise.   The artwork in these cards are amazing and I find them easy to focus on for meditation and also easy to remember the meanings.  the book is also very interesting and makes the meanings clear.  A breathtakingly beautiful deck and one that I would recommend for anyone.  My favourite.
0783243499|2.0|American Psycho (Mary Herron, 2000)<br /><br />Bret Easton Ellis' novel American Psycho is the nadir of the eighties novel; it reads, roughly, like a three hundred page Sharper Image catalog, an endless listing of brand names and prices with nothing even remotely resembling a soul. When the film was released, the critics quickly came to the same conclusion about it. After a few months, however, better reviews of the film began to surface fromindependent critics and the like, calling it a<br />brilliant satire, wickedly funny, you know, that sort of thing. So I had to rent it. My constant repeating thought was &quot;it can't be as bad as the book.&quot;<br /><br />I was right. That's not saying much.<br /><br />Christian Bale (who's going to be typecast as a sleazebag if he doesn't watch out) plays Patrick Bateman, a man whose obsession with fitting in to the fast-moving upperclass Wall Street society of his father manifests itself both as an obsession with the brand names of the things he utilizes in his daily routine and as an unstoppable compulsion to murder.<br /><br />Herron, who's certainly no stranger to ultraviolence (she's directed episodes of Homicide and Oz, as well as the cult hit I Shot Andy Warhol), does manage to capture a certain beauty to Bateman's homicidal rage; there's a particular scene where Bateman is chasing a prostitute (Cara Seymour) down a hallway with a chainsaw that's almost hypnotic. Where the movie fails is in the spaces between. It's almost as if Ellis wrote the novel on a bet-- &quot;can you take a perfectly shallow character and center a whole book around him?&quot; The result, in both book and film, is painfully obvious; it can be done, but it's not that much fun to experience.<br /><br />This makes it all the more painful that so many wonderful roles surface in this film, not least up-and-comer Chloe Sevigny as Bateman's secretary, a woman who stands out as the true beauty in a shallow world of glamour; Jared Leto (Requiem for a Dream) as Paul Allen, a business partner of Bateman's; Reese Witherspoon as Bateman's oblivious, apoiled fiancee; and Willem Dafoe, as usual, taking a minor role (a homicide detective) and turning it into something palpably creepy.<br /><br />When all is said and done, there's just not enough good here to counteract the horrid. * 1/2ream) as Paul Allen, a business partner of Bateman's; Reese Witherspoon as Bateman's oblivious, apoiled fiancee; and Willem Dafoe, as usual, taking a minor role (a homicide detective) and turning it into something palpably creepy.<br /><br />When all is said and done, there's just not enough good here to counteract the horrid. * 1/2
B00004Z459|5.0|this is a great cd from the first track to the last this is my favorite cd I ever bought all of my friends think the same some of them didnt even know who they were then I played it for them and they ended up bying it
0783219172|4.0|Robert Zemeckis Presents: The Frighteners (Peter Jackson, 1996)<br /><br />Since Jackson will be releasing the biggest films of the next three years in the Lord of the Rings trilogy, I figured it was time to go back and get re-acquainted with the old stuff. The Frighteners is looked upon many as a hideous mistake for both Jackson and Zemeckis, but I think they were probably expecting something different (and opposite, depending on to whose name the fan was responding).<br /><br />This film has a much more serious/dark cast to it than most of Jackson's earlier work, but it should be obvious from the get-go that this isn't a straight horror film; when Michael J. Fox is your lead character, and Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator), who's never played anything serious in his life, are two of your main characters, you're going for laughs, or at least heavy sarcasm. Jackson delivers the latter with a trowel here. There are a few really laugh-out-loud scenes a la Dead Alive, but for the most part, the humor herein is more of the uncomfortable smile variety. It's certainly not for everyone.<br /><br />The acting is delicious, from beginning to end. Fox, in his last big screen male lead performance, plays the frustrated psychic to the hilt. His foils are Chi McBride, John Astin, and Jim Fyfe as a trio of ghosts with whom he's struck a deal to drum up some business to finish building his dream house. The four of them are surrounded by a minor cast of characters, both corporeal and incorporeal (note, especially, R. Lee Ermey as a drill sergeant-- what a stretch!), all of whom are just great. Factor in child star Trini Alvarado all grown up as Fox's love interest and Dee Wallace Stone as a henpecked and housebound parolee after her boyfriend (Jake Busey, looking just like his dad) went on a long-ago killing spree, and you can be assured that this movie is worth it for the acting power alone. If, that is, you can glom onto Jackson's exceptionally black humor. *** 1/2
B000059ZT4|5.0|&quot;Catch A Fire&quot; is one of the true classics in reggae music.  In America, it was only one of two Wailers albums ever released here, and both were subjected to overdubbing that made them more appealing to a rock-oriented market.  This isn't to say that these were marred albums; the overdubbing was tastefully done, and for some, they improve the album.  However, this new edition does everyone a favor by including the original, raw-sounding versions of these tracks, which have a distinctly different flavor than the Bob Marley music most Americans are familiar with.<br />Furthermore, the remastered sound is excellent, particularly for the &quot;dubbbed&quot; American edition of the album, which sounds better than the previous standard release.<br />Besides being possibly the best album ever cut by Bob Marley &amp; the Wailers, this now becomes a perfect introduction to reggae music, allowing us to hear it the way it was presented in its home land and abroad.
0671042858|4.0|this is not a bad book, its good to see stephen king hasnt made it overly long. some of the characters are a little one dimensional,but it dosent effect it in a bad way. just dont expect anything brilliant.
014028009X|5.0|This book was really funny, and I really could relate to Bridget's character.  I read this book after I read Confessions of a Shopaholic, and have to admit, they are both really well written.  I loved the weight gain/loss log, and had to laugh at the &quot;v.g&quot; comments.  The end synopsis of her year was great!
0803723865|5.0|We got books instead of the usual souvenirs on our trip to London.  The Gruffalo was the biggest hit of the bunch. It reads effortlessly and our kids adore it!  They already know all the words by heart and have taken to making up different tunes to go with the &quot;lyrics.&quot;  The illustrations give the storyline a sweet but not sacharine feel.  Axel Sheffler is now our favorite illustrator.  Check out his other books -- Juice the Pig. written by Martine Oborne  You're a Hero, Daley B. written by Jon Blake  Monkey Puzzle. written by Julia Donaldson -- if you love the Gruffalo, these are must-haves as well.
0553214632|5.0|If you like to research about origin of mankind or origin of life this is a must to have book. I bought this book to start studies about Teology &amp; Antropology and I got amused with the clarity of purpose of Mr. Darwin.  I think that it might had been very difficult to publish this book in a society very conservative in terms of religion and social life. Moreover, he also was a religious man and, to launch this book, he might had had a consciousness crisis or problems because he knew that this would shake all the ocidental way of life of that time.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This album makes modern release like Aerosmith's &quot;Just Push Play&quot; sound like ametuer productions. To reviewers giving this title a 1-star rating. Cummon, do you have a clue? Better yet, attempt to make music that sounds like this yourself. Doers like the Beatles always have to put up with armchair musician types who wouldn't know a guitar pick from a plectar in the ground. THIS ALBUM IS WAS AND WILL FOREVER BE, great.
B0000584V3|5.0|Now that Opeth is becoming somewhat &quot;popular&quot; in the metal context, they have attracted their share of detractors - mostly those who pride themselves on being &quot;underground&quot; rather than on recognizing excellence.  With &quot;Blackwater Park,&quot; Opeth has released their fifth straight excellent album - and their first two albums should now be counted on the short list of metal's all-time greats.  I for one am beginning to wonder: Is Opeth the greatest heavy metal band since Iron Maiden?<br />Musically, &quot;Blackwater Park&quot; mixes the heavier sounds and production of &quot;My Arms Your Hearse&quot; and &quot;Still Life&quot; with the reflective moments and jazz textures of &quot;Morningrise.&quot;  The piano, played by guest musician Steven Wilson, is more prominent than on any album since &quot;Orchid&quot; and is a welcome addition to the mix.  The bass guitar is also more active on &quot;Blackwater Park&quot; than on the last two albums and enhances the album's rhythmic progressiveness.  Overall, this album is perhaps the most progressive, and even at times, technical, album that Opeth has made yet.  It is instantly recognizable as Opeth, but Opeth has not stood still.  They continue to push the bounds of creativity while maintaining the perfect balance between soft and heavy, technical and melodic that makes Opeth such a satisfying experience time and time again.  Lyrically, this album is somewhat darker than the others (especially on the title track).  My favorite lyrics are on &quot;The Funeral Portrait&quot; (figure 'em out!).<br />For those not awed by the first listen, keep listening.  Like all of Opeth's albums, &quot;Blackwater Park&quot; is not immediate.  When I listened to about half of the album on mp3's, I was not particularly impressed.  I am now.<br />Favorite tracks: &quot;The Leper Affinity&quot; (interesting harmonies and polyrhythmic patterns), &quot;The Drapery Falls&quot; (nice dynamics, technical riffing), &quot;TheFuneral Portrait&quot; (groovy riff, nice guitar harmonies!).
B00004RF8J|5.0|When this movie came out in 1986, I was in the theaters to see it!  It became a bit of an obsession.  I saw it eight more times in the theater!!  I know that you are thinking that I need to get a life!  Before you pass judgement, realize that was before marriage and kids!!!  &quot;Little Shop&quot; is delightful, morose, swinging and contains melodies that will have you humming long after the movie is over!  Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene, Vincent Gardenia, and the trio of young ladies are fabulous.  I can't wait until my daughter is old enough to watch this!  (There are some scenes with some pretty harsh language.)  Watch this movie several times to catch the humorous subtleties.  A great time to be had by all!!
0446607274|4.0|Reading a Harry Bosch novel you´re surely in for delicate cases, interwoven plots and strange outcomes. Here, Connelly tries it too hard, wich makes a fine meta-reading, but can´t really succeed on the story-telling level.<br />The Plot:<br />L.A. most celebrated black lawyer is dead. Killed. Obviously by a police officer. L.A. is on the brink of another week of looting and crime. Bosch has to investigate together with his arch-enemy chastain. FBI takes charge, too  and so three teams set out to clear the case within a few hours before L.A. becomes inferno. Bosch´s lead is a good one, leading him to child abuse, blackmail, police crimes and so on. Three Head pop up when one is cut off.<br />The execution:<br />This has got to be the book with most sub-plots, surprise, table-turnings that Connelly has written so far. And, be sure, these things are his trademark. Somewhere in the book you find yourself sweating to keep track what´s going on. And so is the hero: Harry Bosch nearly stumbles through this book, but then, there´s nothing much left for him to do. <br />The Verdict:<br />A critic or wanna-be writer will surely admire this book for its complexity and skill, the normal reader will be somewhat bewildered at what´s going on all the time. But then, at least there is no sign of stretching the story too far, as Connelly usually does to get his pages full. This time, with all its contens, the book could, should have been longer since characterization is lead to a cardboard minimum. Nevertheless the strongest Harry Bosch Novel.
630414542X|4.0|This is beyond any doubt an awsome movie.  It has something for everyone.  Si-fi, romance, action &amp; adventure.  Even my husband, who hates sword play, loves this move. Connor McCloud is an imortal who fights to keep his head while tormented by images of watching those he loves die one by one, and althewhile knowing he never will.  He is a guardian of the human race keeping evil from taking hold.  The only thing I would do different is keep the sex scenes out of it.  They ruin an otherwise good family film that gives a good example of loyalty, friendship, trust, love, and peoples inability to accept that which they do not understand. (you'll see what I mean when Connor is driven from his home.)
B000002J1U|5.0|One of the best parts about the songs on LZ3 is how creative they are musically.  Page and Plant were producing so much material during this time that they would be able to use some songs from this recording period on subsequent albums.  Bron-Yr-Aur, which is on Physical Graffitti, is just one example.  Jimmy Page is being very experimental on this album: he uses many alternate tunings and many different instruments; banjo, mandolin, and castanets.  The most amazing song musically is probably Friends which has an Eastern sound to it.  Friends is Led Zeppelin's best acoustic song.  Tangerine is a gem on this album.  If you haven't heard Tangerine yet you are in store for one of the best Led Zeppelin songs.  It's a love song about a woman that Plant has lost.  My favourite on this album is That's The Way.  It's got a steel guitar that flows like water through the song, creating a sombre mood.  It is hypnotically beautiful.  Robert Plant wrote some great lyrics on this one.  Most of the other songs are either blues, bluegrass, hard rock or a weird combination but all of them are superb.  You really can't go wrong with Led Zeppelin 3 it has something for everyone: blues, bluegrass, love songs, and of course hard rock.  It's a pleasure to listen to everytime I play it.
B00005214X|5.0|This triple-album/double-CD set is a wonderfully remarkable testament to Harrison's freedom: freedom of music, freedom of religion, and his long-awaited freedom of expression.  Pent-up energy from his stifled Beatle years spills forth, covering the entire spectrum of music genres.  Where else can one find folk, gospel, chanting, hard-core rock and country, in one recording that does not falter on the quality of any of its tracks?  This is essential listening for fans of Bob Dylan, Badfinger, Eric Clapton and Peter Frampton.
0521423961|5.0|The book will help ESL students extend their vocabulary. The format is very efficient - even pages contain the material, odd pages contain the exercises. The book has 100 units and every unit explains a unique phenomenon of the English language. The Index encounters about three and a half thousand English words which for me is quite a lot. You will find six units on idioms, a unit on slang and much more. The book is for upper-intermediate and advanced students. If you are just a beginner, look for books with the same title for beginners or intermediate students.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|It's a very good CD (don't get me wrong) but it's missing some really good songs. Like, for example, &quot;In My Life&quot;, &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;, &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da&quot; (I love that song!) and &quot;Michelle.&quot; But, then again, it is an album for ONLY number one hits, so....what can we do? ;) Maybe those didn't reach 1. Oh, well. It's still a great Cd if you want to hear their most popular songs, such as &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, &quot;Yesterday&quot;, and &quot;Can't Buy Me Love.&quot; Although. I thinl they could have left out &quot;The Ballad of John and Yoko.&quot; I hate that song. Well, have a nice day!
B00004ZB9D|4.0|For an upbeat party or a relaxing evening with your lover this is the number one CD.
B000002BQK|5.0|I became a Mariah Carey fan in 1990 when I heard a clip from Vision of Love on Entertainment Tonight.  I was busy around the house when I heard this awesome song... rang in to watch the Tele to see who was singing this gorgeous song.  It was Mariah.<br />Fast forward many years.  I've followed Mariah but since I usually don't follow main-stream, I didn't purchase any of her CDs, until this one.   <br />This CD is full of great music filled with good R&amp;B, a bit of a Rap flavor (which I don't particularly like), and of course her gorgeous voice that wavers and &quot;paints&quot; a picture.  <br />My favorite is &quot;The Roof&quot;.
B000005IS1|4.0|Having read the hilarious account of the MC5's first (and only)encounter with the real-life (...) in &quot;Please Kill Me&quot; (pulling up in a black stretch limo was not really going to do much for their street cred...), the emotional pull of the rambling inter-song political speeches pall somewhat. However, and this is speaking as a confirmed cynic of both musical politicians and political musicians, it has to be said that this is one of the very (very, very...) few occasions that a political rant actually adds to an album. <br />Overall, the first side hurtles along at blistering pace - garage rock morphing into punk with a dynamic all of its own and the barely stopping between songs. However things unfortunately slow down on side two, with some rather &quot;experimental&quot; stuff which quite frankly, doesn't sit well with the likes of &quot;Kick Out The Jams&quot;.<br />5 out of 5 for side one, 3 out of 5 for side two...
B000002BHE|3.0|I like Celine's Chart Toppers.  So I finally bought this CD.  Have listened to it several times trying to get into it but unfortunately I just couldn't.  I've decided that I like some of her songs, but just can't tolerate an entire CD.  Sorry!!  Maybe I just like rhythm too much, and she doesn't really  have it.  She is a ballad lady.
B000001FMX|4.0|I know what I'm saying might be regarded by some of the other reviewers here as heresy (especially as - and I probably should declare this - I'm a big NY Dolls Fan), but this album should be better regarded as a bold statement of intent to what was to come on &quot;Too Much, Too Soon&quot;. So what's the deal? One absolute, all-time classic &quot;Lookin' for a Kiss&quot;, three or four really good songs, another three or four good ones, the rest indifferent - the problem is the album is too unfocussed; You're blown away by the opening pairing of &quot;Personality Crisis&quot; and &quot;Looking For A Kiss&quot; (probably the best start to an album I've ever heard...) and then unfortunately you're into the pretentious dirge of Vietnamese Baby. Things improves with the pleasant pop of Lonely Planet Boy, and then quickly disimprove with the over-the-top epic Frankenstein. After this, it's easy to understand why people might be dissuaded from going to side two. <br />Which is a pity - &quot;Pills&quot;, &quot;Subway Train&quot;, &quot;Trash&quot; are all great trashy glam-blues-punk-whatever rock songs and the rest isn't bad either. The problem really is in the Track selection - why couldn't &quot;Frankenstein&quot; and &quot;Vietnamese Baby&quot; have been left off and instead replaced by some inspired covers, as on Too Much Too Soon? &quot;Give Him a Great Big Kiss&quot; springs to mind.<br />In case all of this is a little too bitchy (it probably is), &quot;Lookin' for A Kiss&quot; is worth the price of the CD alone, and 80% of the rest of the album is damn good. I'll give it 4 stars, but (sigh) it could so easily have been a 5...
B00000JNNY|5.0|I can't stop listening to this cd. I love the style and Etta's voice is incredible. My favorite songs are the first 3 and the last 3. She has spunk and she adds a lot to the music. She's talented. Buy this cd. This is real music. It's fun and very danceable!
B000056NX5|4.0|This is basically a filming of the most recent stage production of Andrew Lloyd Webber's most controversial (and in my opinion greatest) musical.  But this definitely has a wonderful &quot;feature film&quot; quality to it due to the brilliant directing, editing, and production values.  I really think this could have been an even more amazing film if the director was given a bigger budget and allowed to do some exterior location shots.  As is, it's still a terrific accomplishment.<br />This is heads and shoulders above the 1970s movie version which really didn't take as many creative chances as it could have based on the source material.  Setting the Jesus story in modern times opens this up to wonderful &quot;what if&quot; interpretations and arguably makes it more relevant to today's youth.  And despite the initial shock of seeing the present-day setting, the story remains relatively faithful to the traditional biblical tale, with the usual creative license that is a given when the epic story is condensed into a two-hour dramatic re-telling.<br />This version was daring in many respects: the religious leaders (Pharisees and the Sanhedrin) are shown wearing costumes which look like Christian priestly garb -- with black collars instead of the familiar white.  Jesus is shown as much more human than is usually depicted while still having some sense of the divine (such as His prediction of his betrayal and death.)  I would have liked to have seen a more balanced depiction of the duality of Jesus' human/deity nature, but the original Tim Rice text leans the character on the &quot;more human than God&quot; side, which will obviously upset fundamentalists, but which makes the &quot;Agony in the Garden&quot; scene the powerful character highlight it's supposed to be.  (I still think that scene hasn't been captured as effectively as it could -- one of the few moments when I questioned the director's staging choices.)<br />The cast was fine, and despite the occasional over-acting it still played well for me.  Carter was a fine Jesus, although if he'd grown a beard (even a goatee) the illusion would have been greater and made us picture him even more as Jesus.  I though some of his high notes sounded a bit weak, but that's just me.  Judas was terrific.  Pilate's first scene was wonderful but towards he went too over-the-top for my tastes.  I was disappointed in Herod, but I loved the subtle reaction shots of Jesus during that scene.  Again, this is a stage production captured on video, not a tradional movie.  With that in mind, this is still a top-notch experience.  Check it out.acting it still played well for me.  Carter was a fine Jesus, although if he'd grown a beard (even a goatee) the illusion would have been greater and made us picture him even more as Jesus.  I though some of his high notes sounded a bit weak, but that's just me.  Judas was terrific.  Pilate's first scene was wonderful but towards he went too over-the-top for my tastes.  I was disappointed in Herod, but I loved the subtle reaction shots of Jesus during that scene.  Again, this is a stage production captured on video, not a tradional movie.  With that in mind, this is still a top-notch experience.  Check it out.
B00004SU5J|5.0|The first song I heard from this CD was &quot;Sure Thing&quot; and it knocked me out, bluesy guitar intro sounding like Jimi rising, setting  a George Bensonesque groove that thumped me into knowing I had to have this. St. Germain(Ludovic Navarre) is conceptually brilliant, the fusion of jazz and house, the further development of acid jazz, electronica and jazz dance music, new groove standards, never pretentious, always challenging yet fun, this is music based in tradition with an electronic twist. The French producer, writer and conductor known as St.Germain has created an instant classic. The opening track sets the tempo, borrowing from Marlena Shaws performance at Montreux her &quot;I want you to get together.... put your hand together&quot; create a perfect backdrop for the jazzy interplay of the six musicians he assembled for this masterful fusion. This is one of those rare CD's that will be played over and over, sounds better with familarity and gets plenty of use of the replay button on your player. Although it is jazz, it is just as much electronica. The mixture of latin beats, dub, house, electronica, blues and jazz are given equal treatment, never dominating but creating a synthesis that is satisfying, a musical collage that takes one back and looking forward at the same time. This is an excellent CD, nearly flawless in its production and well worth the money. One song,(samples from John Lee Hooker and Miles Davis) &quot;Sure Thing&quot;, made me buy it, you will find out as I did that all the songs are superb, a must for jazz or house music fans.
B0000026T4|5.0|This was the album of the year in my opinion. Whether it was out cruisin' with the guys, or a night in with a chick, this album was playing somewhere nearby. This was Alice's comeback album. 'Raise your Fist and Yell' and 'Constrictor', with their heavy metal crunch didn't make the impact Alice had wanted. Both were excellent albums in their own right, but it was the late 80's. Hair and flash ruled the world, so Alice stuck his hand in to see what he could get. He struck gold. For me, who bought this album within the same week of it's release, it's still very enjoyable even though times have changed. Every song reminds me of a good time, friend, or girl. I love this album, and if I had to be on an island with only 10 records for the rest of my life, I'd include this one.<br />Poison, House of Fire, and Only my Heart Talkin' were the singles with videos, but the rest of the album is equally good. High points were 'Maniac in love with you' and the closing (BEST SONG) 'I'm your Gun'. Great tour too by the way, saw 'Trash the World' in Tampa Stadium.
B000056K04|2.0|I'm a Portuguese Dave Matthews' fan and I feel frustrated with his latest work. Precisely when Europeans were starting to enjoy his intercultural rhythm, ballads, and all the mixed styles that he achieved to put togheter, he decided to put in jeopardy the reputation that he had conquered since 92. This change, for a more commercial style, wont (I hope) collect many supporters and will force the band to revise the strategy. I've been almost begging for an Eoropean concert, but now I have my doubts...
B00003CXA6|5.0|Some have slated this film for it's inaccurate portrayal of some of the characters, such as Lee's indecisiveness. Lee was confused during the battle, he was just beggining to suffer the symptons of the Heart Disease that would eventually kill him. I think that the film portrays Lee's humbleness well. The character of Longstreet was also well shown, He knew that Pickett's Charge would fail, but he could not stop it. maybe there were several instances of political Correctness but this is (was) the nineties, we cannot blame the film maker for that. Overall an excellent film that really gets your emotions.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is a story written by one of Morrie's long time student, Mitch Albom.Morrie changed his life. This story talks about a student who visits his professor every Tuesday to learn about life's greatest lesson and to check on him due to the deadly disease that he has been battling for the past several months.This disease is ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) which is a brutal, unforgiving illness of the neurological system.They meet on every Tuesday and talk about each other because they haven't seen each other in twenty years. When the disease took over Morrie's body, Morrie could no longer move his legs, arms, and the worst part is that he had to have someone with him in the bathroom to help him.Morrie felt that death was near and he wanted to be with the people who loved him, cared for him, and supported him. While Morrie was going through a tough time,Mitch also experienced guilt because it took him twenty years to reunite with his favorite person who changed his life forever.I think that this book should be recommended to every High School Senior because they will be going out into the real world without knowing what to expect.Tuesdays with Morrie will make them realize the true meaning of life.
6305499365|5.0|This movie is funny.Buy this movie right now on VHS you will not regret buying this movie it's worth every pennt trust me.i just watched this movie on cableand i just went out and bough the movie it's that funny and good,buy it now and stop waitng and bust out your credit card.Ron Livingston is a good funny actor in this movie,i don't know much about him but he's funny in this flick.Stephen Root the man on the cover with the glasses is funny as ah hell,he plays anerd worker that was layed off for 5 years without anybody telling him.This is a very funny movie.....
B000003S5H|4.0|Uno de los mas apreciadas producciones electronicas a mi parecer(pero aun nada que ver con planv gustavo entiende) Detras de cada distorsion de cada &quot;sampleada&quot;  se daja entever un mundo lejos de lo cotidiano .  Partes de la produccion donde se mezclan razgeos acusticos con precisos deztellos electronicos (all i need) es pura escencia electronica.      oscaralexkenny El averno martes 23 de marzo a las 7 .           Pulsardoppler17@hotmail.com
B000000993|4.0|In an age when metal is saturated with boring rap-metal [bands] (e.g. Limp Bizkit, Disturbed, etc.) and bands who think being &quot;hard&quot; and &quot;heavy&quot; guarantees good music when in fact it does not (e.g. Slipknot, etc.), it's nice to see a band like Tool. The music is loud, yet melodic and the lyrics are angry, but insightful and intelligent at the same time. Maynard is a very talented singer while Adam and the rest of Tool showcase their musicianship. Tracks like &quot;Intolerance,&quot; &quot;Prison Sex,&quot; and &quot;Sober&quot; are Tool at their best. Unfortunately, the album begins to get a little monotonous after track 6 or 7 as Tool doesn't seem to move away from their long, dark, and hard formula. The last track &quot;Disguspiated&quot; can be seen as either experimental greatness or a failed attempt at being experimental (I'm leaning towards the latter). Despite its shortcomings, Undertow is still a very good album and Tool is a very good band. Give this one a listen.
0790729644|4.0|This message is for the last guy who reviewed this disc, (see below).   Hey genius, turn your disc over, the widescreen edition is on the other side. For everyone else: see this movie.
B000006N61|3.0|The Road Warrior is one of the best action films ever made.  Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome explores post-apocalyptic societies better than any film ever has.  Where does this leave Mad Max?  What it remains is a flawed, but remarkable low-budget film.  On a reported cost of $ George Miller has staged some truly impressive chases and stunts.  Not a penny was wasted in this production.  There are even some very tense moments, such as the scene where the gang tries to run over an injured Max as he desperately reaches for his gun.  <br />But the film still has its flaws and I can't just ignore them because of the low-budget or the cult classic status this movie has received.  The problems range from some poor acting to scene transitions that are somewhat done in a disjointed manner.  The only good performances seem to come from Mel Gibson and Joanne Samuel.  Most others don't exactly get a lot of time to flesh out their characters.    <br />And then, there's the pace, which begins in lightning speed with its opening car chase, but slows down considerably quite a bit before regaining its action momentum in the finale.  The Road Warrior began slowly, but it built itself up to a breakneck pace half-way through, rather than in the finale.<br />So, Mad Max may not be a classic like its sequel, and it is the weakest of the series, but it's still very much worth watching for Gibson fans and those looking for some truly gritty and realistic action.
0192833804|3.0|Jim Hawkins, a young man living in rural England with his parents, helps run an inn with his parents.  His life changes forever when a mysterious dying pirate takes residence at the inn.  The shadowy pirate is often on the lookout for strangers who begin to show up in search of the pirate.  Rum finally takes its toll on the pirate and he dies, leaving behind a mysterious chest that the strangers are interested in.  Upon examination, Jim discovers a treasure map.<br />With the help of Jim's adult friends, a crew is formed to go in search of the pirate's buried treasure on a remote tropical island.  The journey is uneventful until, Jim saves the day when he realizes that their crew consists mainly of pirates who hope to cause mutiny upon reaching the island.  Ultimately, a raging battle takes place on the island where Jim and his friends must outwit the pirates who are led by the one-legged Long John Silver.<br />For a children's book, this book had a lot of inappropriate material - drinking and violence.  I also had a tough time with the old-English writing style and the nautical terms.  This book was ahead of its time, though, in terms of the adventure it described, but I was hoping for more.  Fans of H. Rider Haggard (ala King Solomon's Mines) will enjoy this book but I was sort of happy to be done with it as some parts were engaging and others were muddled.
B000059ZT4|5.0|Island / Tuff Gong has really done justice to this Wailers masterpiece. By presenting both the Jamacian and Island releases you get two seperate and distinct views of the orginal Wailers, in all their glory. Imagine a band boasting the likes of Peter Tosh, Bunny Wailer and Bob Marley...Aye Mon it don't git no better den dis. I only wish they could have found a way to produce the orginal cover design, with the opening Zippo lighter.
B000002NBY|5.0|I first heard the music from Graceland on video(!) In 1986 or 1987, Paul Simon held a concert in either Botswana or Zimbabwe - sorry the details are hazy, but I was about 9 years old at the time. Well, this concert - &quot;Graceland, the African Concert&quot; - featured not only music from the album, but also performances by the likes of Miriam Makeba, Hugh Masekela and solo performances by Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It also featured a really innovative take on &quot;Under African Skies&quot;, in which Linda Ronstadt's part is taken by Makeba.<br />That was my introduction to Graceland, and to Paul Simon. I will not comment on the music itself - that has been done well enough by other reviewers, but let me just say that I have listened to Graceland about every day for ten years now. This is keeping in mind that I find listening to any other song more than once a week excessive. Graceland will never, ever grow old - it is a superlative piece of art from a supreme artist.
B000000JO3|5.0|as i said above.&quot;filler&quot; is my all time favorite song.the pure intensity is unmatched anywhere else by any band on any song.the vocals are so powerfull,angry and raw.its overwhelming at times.compare &quot;filler&quot; with the junk that 99.9% of the bands around today put out and its really [sad].angry just beacuse you are angry isent enough and doesent hold up.being angry for a good reason is what counts.thats what these bands (most of em anyway) lack.id get this album for that song alone,but you wont have to.&quot;i dont wanna hear it&quot;, &quot;seeing red&quot; follow with the speed of a warp powered ship, while &quot;in my eyes&quot;, &quot;cashing in&quot;, &quot;out of step&quot; and &quot;salad days&quot; show more of the bands depth and ability.all of the songs are great really.even the first version of &quot;out of step&quot; is good, and adds a wickedly raw solo to the mix.along with black flag's &quot;damaged&quot; and rollins band's &quot;life time&quot;,this is the most intense, pulverizing,straight-from-the-gut-to-the-gut collection of songs ive heard.i suggest this to anyone who listens to music for something more than just a good time, or at a party.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book for the first time three years ago. It was referred to me by a friend when an important person in my life had passed away. In the last month, my grandfather and my husband's grandmother have passed away. I have been able to share the beauty of this book with other people in my family. It is an exquisite tribute to Morrie - and can have a profoundly healing effect for people suffering the loss of a loved one. Albom captures the importance of life and relationships. It's an incredible book.
B0000524EM|5.0|Excellent box set... still in my top 10 over 7 years after my initial Amazon review. The O'Barr interview remains a treasured highlight, and City of Angels has even grown on me considerably over the years (can't say the same for the latter two films in the series).    Now if we could just get a restored, uncut version of City of Angels on the market...     With a third version of Highlander 2 available, anything is possible! :p
B000055QME|5.0|I purchased this MADONNA Immaculate Collection cd and want to say it is amazing. From the days of &quot;Holiday&quot; and &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; to &quot;Vogue&quot; and &quot;Justify My Love&quot; all of her hits are here. Including the beautiful ballad &quot;Crazy For You&quot; and &quot;Live To Tell.&quot; This limited edition has extra pictures and a unique cover that the original 1991 release never had. If your a MADONNA fan or just want to bring back those care free days of the eighties buy this CD. If your a huge MADONNA fan get this Limited Edition Import here!
0451457994|3.0|2001: A Space Odyssey was written with optimism towards the future. Yet, we have reached 2001, and none of these incredible machines dreamed up by Arther C. Clark have been invented yet. The story tells a tale of a long lost artifact discovered having aged a long time. This spawns the launch of a mission to Jupiter to follow this mysterious signal back to it's origin. Aided by the monitone voiced HAL9000 computer, several astronauts make their way to Jupiter. A small kink in the journey develops when HAL goes berserk, but regardless, Dave (Main Character) makes it to Jupiter and finds the source of the signal. Will we ever make it to Jupiter? Will we ever develop A.I.? I guess we will have to wait and see.<br />In my opinion, this is an advanced book, with a lot of hidden meanings and ideas. If you are a creative thinker, with a taste for Science Fiction, this is the book for you. Although, I am an avid Science Fiction reader, I found this book difficult to follow.
0385484518|5.0|This amazing little novel is packed with enough soul food to fill the hungriest of hearts.  It is a model teacher for society.  Albom grasps his audience and gives them a timeless invitation for redemption.
0380788624|4.0|OK, the downside is it's definitely a book for geeky men (like me)and Stephenson's more interested in set pieces than an overall plot. But what set pieces - each of them told with enormous wit, excitement and vigour. Definitely worth the time it needs but, as someone else pointed out, it's not (and does not try to be) a modern classic in the Pyncheon mould. It's a witty and (for 900 pages) fast paced entertainment.
0553579908|5.0|I'm generally not an avid fan of fantasy novels.  I tend to gravitate towards the more classic writings of Roald Dahl or Hemingway, and the harder-edged work of Hunter Thompson or Bukowski.  <br />But, as I sat in a bookstore last year, I watched a woman scurry towards the sci-fi/fantasy section and pluck a just-released copy of the heafty &quot;A Storm of Swords&quot; off a pile. (The book was so new that the bookstore clerk was just putting them out for the first time.)  All the while she had a cell phone in her ear - she uttered into it with zeal, &quot;I've got it!&quot;, and rushed off. <br />Needless to say, someone this excited about a book perked my interest.  I read the back of Storm, traced its beginnings to &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, and bought it.  I am now 500 pages into Clash.    These books are eloquent, historical, vivid, consistent, dense with plot and characters, and utterly personal.  Truly great reading.  Well written.
B000056K04|4.0|This is a great album, hard rock beat with continuo.  The lyrics are complex but easily understood, you can lose yourself in this album.  Its good to take on long drives.
B000056V73|2.0|As a writer myself, I saw this movie looking forward to a film i heard was really great and deserving of every award it was nominated for.  Needless to say,I was quite disappointed.  What's the big deal with Kate Hudson?  She had a few good lines, but all she did was prance around and smile. The young man who played Crowe should've had the movie all to himself, because he did a fine job, and followed through with his dialogue, sincerity of the character, and the innocence that was showing in his face as became quickly involved in such a corrupt, whirlwind environment. It was sweet of Penny Lane to give the Stillwater leader Crowe's address.  But that was such a cheap ending.
B000059ZT4|5.0|Don't wait, scratch some change together, sell those CD's that gather dust and treat yourself to perhaps the best package of sounds you've probably never heard.  The Wailers &quot;CATCH A FIRE&quot; is a genuine MUST OWN!  The Jamaican versions jam with unbridled urgency and purity of form like a young Dylan.  Rock with it baby!
B000059QYB|5.0|Although a 1988 Import, &quot;Idol Songs&quot;, has been easy to find since its release, this is Billy Idol's first US compilation.  All the big hits are here, although the version of &quot;Mony Mony&quot; is NOT the live version that went to #1 (Idol's only #1 single) in 1987 but the studio version from Don't Stop that received just as much airplay as the live version.  The live version is on &quot;Idol Songs&quot; as well as a various artists compilation called Rockin 80's Vol. 2 on Madacy.  Tacked on to this compilation are a great acoustic version of &quot;Rebel Yell&quot; and a not-quite-as good  version of the Simple Minds #1 &quot;Don't You Forget About Me&quot;, which was orginally written for Idol.  The sound on this CD is superb and they've included up-to-date liner notes, as well.  A must for Billy Idol newbies and for die-hards who want to have a career spanning compilation.
B000002HEP|5.0|Someone before me wrote: &quot;Sky Valley is indeed let down by its generic-metal vocalist, but it is still a great stoner rock album.&quot;  Oh my, what a biased critique that is, even more so based on the fact that this album predates the term &quot;Stoner Rock.&quot;  Furthermore, There is no basis given for calling John Garcia a &quot;generic-metal vocalist&quot;.  Perhaps slightly derivative of Ronnie James Dio, if you listen to this album sincerely and don't find originality in those pipes, your judgement is in question. <br />  Someone before me wrote, &quot;The droning riffs and rhythm section sound a lot like The Smashing Pumpkins in their jamming moments (ie. &quot;Pistachio Medley&quot; off the &quot;Zero&quot; EP); I'm not sure which group came first but it doesn't matter.&quot;  Perhaps not, but it is purely ridiculous to compare Kyuss to Smashing Pumpkins.  Smashing Pumpkins in the same sentence as &quot;jamming moments&quot;?  Say no more.  &quot;We've got a barrell of apples here, and they are quite different from the oranges...&quot;<br />Someone before me wrote: &quot;This kind of Hendrix/Barrett/Hawkwind influenced music doesn't grow old, and this is a good revival of it;&quot;  Umm, ok I know I've heard of Hendrix, but I didn't know that dude in the wheelchair wrote music... Or am I just too igonrant to know what this author is talking about...  Perhaps.  Oh well.  Believe me, if you enjoy heavy music that has originality, depth, and conscience, you will enjoy Kyuss.  It's no nonsense, unlike others would have you believe.
0517548232|4.0|This book is a wonderful illustration of the simple (so simple they go unnoticed) principles of a market economy and the many fallacies of adding socialism to the mix.<br />I could have easily given this 4.5 stars, but I didn't have the option.  The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 was that Hazlitt partially caves in about halfway through the book on the topic of unions.  Unions are tantamount to coersion and have no place in a market economy.
0064409422|5.0|If this isn't the greatest children's book ever written, it is definitely on the short list.  I first read this book in the Canadian elementary school system, unaware of its Christian background and allusions to the biblical worldview.  The indomitable spirt of good triumphing over evil pervades the story.  But did we ever learn about Aslan being a symbolic Christ figure, as is so obvious in the narrative?  No.  But in many ways it's better that these types of books be read in adulthood where the finer points of story and language can be better appreciated.  Lewis says as much in his dedication to his goddaughter, Lucy Barfield:  &quot;I wrote this story for you, but...you are already too old for fairy tales, and by the time it is printed and bound you will be older still.  But some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.&quot;<br />Of course, LWW can be read purely as a fantasy piece, a tale of witches, dwarves, giants, and magical lands found only in the process of thoughtful imagination.  When one also accepts it as a sort of Christian allegory, though, it soars above simple imagination.  It is a story as bold and dramatic as the Bible itself, a story of good, rebellion, destruction, and redemption.  It is at turns wondrous and awe-inspiring.  In my opinion, it deserves to be spoken of in the same breath as other great classics in the belles-lettres pantheon.  This may be a child's book but it is not only for children (of course, even an adult is somebody's child).  The story itself is probably familiar to most people.  Four English children (Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy), out in the country home of an old and enigmatic Professor, find a magic wardrobe which transports them to the world of Narnia.  There they encounter the evil White Witch who is intent on keeping complete control over the land, a land in perpetual winter (with no Christmas).  The saviour of this predicament is Aslan.  When Lucy asks if Aslan is a man Mr. Beaver replies,&quot;'Aslan a man!...certainly not.  I tell you he is the King of the wood and the son of the Great Emperor Beyond the Sea.  Don't you know who is the King of the beasts?  Aslan is a lion - THE lion, the great Lion.&quot;  Susan asks if he's safe.  &quot;'Safe?...don't you hear what Mrs. Beaver tells you?  Who said anything about safe?  'Course he isn't safe.  But he's good.  He's the King, I tell you.&quot;<br />One interesting parallel to the biblical account of Christ's crucifixion is where Aslan is led off to be killed.  As in the gospel accounts, where it is noted that a group of women watched the whole affair, it is the girls, Lucy and Susan, who witness Aslan's self-sacrifice in the place of Edmund.  Again, just as it was a group of women who first discovered the empty tomb and experienced the risen Christ, it is the girls who discover the broken Stone Table and the risen Aslan. <br />A version of Lewis' argument for the divinity of Christ appears in the form of the Professor's rebuke of the other children for not believing Lucy's tale of the wardrobe.  &quot;Logic!...why don't they teach logic at these school?  There are only three possibilities.  Either your sister is telling lies, or she is mad, or she is telling the truth.  You know she doesn't tell lies and it is obvious that she is not mad.  For the moment then and unless any further evidence turns up, we must assume that she is telling the truth.&quot;<br />The language Lewis uses is beyond praise.  Easy enough for kids to understand and yet a delight for those who are older.  &quot;And now a very curious thing happened.  None of the children knew who Aslan was any more than you do; but the moment the Beaver had spoken these words everyone felt quite different.  Perhaps it has sometimes happened to you in a dream that someone says something which you don't understand but in the dream it feels as if it had some enormous meaning - either a terrifying one which turns the whole dream into a nightmare or else a lovely meaning too lovely to put into words, which makes the dream so beautiful that you remember it all your life and are always wishing you could get into that dream again.  It was like that now.  At the name of Aslan each one of the children felt something jump in its inside.  Edmund felt a sensation of mysterious horror.  Peter felt suddenly brave and adventurous.  Susan felt as if some delicious smell or some delightful strain of music had just floated by her.  And Lucy got the feeling you have when you wake up in the morning and realize that it is the beginning of the holidays or the beginning of summer.&quot;<br />I gave the first Harry Potter five stars and I believe it deserved them.  But Rowling is no Lewis.  If you have children and want them to read the best in children's literature, after they've read Harry Potter, get them to read the Chronicles of Narnia.  And read them for yourselves.  You won't be sorry that you did.
B00003CXE7|5.0|iv,e watched gladiator on dvd 4 times now and i rate it as one of the best films of it,s kind from the openening over the top battle scene to the end fight in the colosium the film was superb russel crowe deserved the oscar and so did the film the film is 10 times better on dvd than on the big screen you heard the saying they dont make them like that any more they wont make one like this again fantastic movie go buy it now
B000002V07|1.0|On the advice of two trusted friends with otherwise good taste in music, I got this cd, and folks, it's terrible. I should've seen it coming from a mile off. A singer named Hope Sandoval, in a group called Mazzy Star, with an album titled &lt;So Tonight That I Might See&gt;... It has all the making of one bloated, pretentious, alternative phenomenon that proves everybody eventually gets their fifteen minutes, regardless of whether or not they deserve it. This album is slow and boring, with little or no variation between songs. The lyrics are uninspired and reminiscent of the bad townie poetry written by people who wear too much black. Your money would be better spent on sedatives; you'll get the same effect without feeling cheated.
B000002JSJ|4.0|Presence is an extremely underrated album. If you truly appreciate Led Zeppelin, you need to give this album a serious listen to. \\"Achilles Last Stand\\" is a great song, as well as \\"For Your Life.\\" The album is then ended with \\"Tea For One,\\" a great Blues song. I encourage any Led Zeppelin fan to listen to this album at least five times all of the way through, before deciding whether or not you like it.
6305132984|5.0|West Side Story<br />Score: 86/100<br />In 1961, West Side Story, this endearing classic, garnered a total of ten academy awards, which is one of the most plausible amounts ever. The film is now terribly ignored by audiences, but for me, West Side Story set a standard that remains, most likely, unsurpassed in movie musicals. It's that good.<br />West Side Story is a musical adaptation of Romeo and Juliet set in New York City, where rival street gangs - the American Jets and the Puerto Rican Sharks - battle for territory and respect. Is the love affair between former Jets leader Tony (Richard Beymer), and Maria (Natalie Wood), sister to Sharks' leader Bernardo, doomed to failure? Well, you're doomed until you find out, so grab this movie as soon as you.<br />West Side Story is a truly electrifying piece of cinema, it sets ageless tragedy on the slums of New York in the 1950's and does it maturely and with stunning style. The violence and some unnecessary language may slightly falter it, but Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim's unforgettable score, which includes such famous songs as Maria, America and Tonight, and Jerome Robbins' exuberant chereography makes up for whatever may put the film down. Performances are no problem for these now-crinkly actors; Natalie Wood captures Maria with such heartbreaking richness that makes her performance ignored beauty, while Richard Beymer is excellently controlled in his performance as the confused but honest Tony. Oscar-winners Rita Moreno and George Chakiris both make sure this film is satisfying in supporting performances as well.<br />West Side Story is a lovely film that remains a feast for the eye, the ear and, ultimately, the heart.
6305165912|5.0|I drank White Russians and smoked far too much for a  month after I saw this movie.
B00003CXB2|5.0|&quot;Lawrence of Arabia,&quot; one of the most compelling character studies ever captured on film, is the story of T.E. Lawrence, the eccentric British spy who was the prime architect for the destruction of the Ottoman Empire during World War I. The story unfolds in the haunting beauty of the vast, harsh, and unforgiving deserts of the Middle East. <br />Maurice Jarre, through eloquent musical composition, gives voice to both the man and the desert. Lawrence was a man conflicted by personal ambition and a romantic image of the Arab cause.  In real life, Lawrence was a homosexual who had relations with his beduoin slaves.<br />Jarre's crisp, syncopated musical rhythms vividly portray the exotic Arabian culture that so appealed to Lawrence. The majestic moments of the score, however, are reserved for the desert. Jarre's sweeping orchestrations blend with David Lean's expansive visual images to evoke the raw, physical power of the desert. This unforgettable synergy of sight and sound is perhaps the finest ever recorded on film.
B000001FI7|5.0|My favorite thing about this album was that &quot;Glory Box&quot; was played at the end of &quot;When the Cat's Away.&quot; It's a French film from 1996. That says a lot about how great this album is.
B00003CXMG|5.0|What were the Oscar people thinking??? This is one of the best movies of 2000! It was pretty much shunned at the box office and only garnered a few nominations. I do applaud them for giving the Oscar to Cameron Crowe, who definately deserved it. Aside from all the Oscar stuff, let me just say it now: This movie is amazing! All the performances are right on target! The screenwriting never feels contrived or rushed. It's brilliantly done. First to applaud the performances. Patrick Fugit, Kate Hudson, Frances McDormand, Billy Crudup, Jason Lee, Philip Seymour Hoffman, all give excellent performances. Even the characters that aren't big parts are great. I loved Fariuza Balk and Zooey Desmerack (I don't think I spelled that right at all) whose characters had small but pretty important parts. Fugit gives a wonderful debut. He's adorable with his dimples and his innocence. I can't say enough good things about this movie. I'd give it a thousand stars if I could. All I can say is if you enjoy a good movie with some great character development and a good story, then I highly suggest that you rent this! It'll be an experiences you'll never forget. Go Band-Aids!
B00000DLV1|5.0|At last! Proof that Beth Gibbons can sing in front of other people! This also shows that electronic music CAN (no thanks to bands like Underworld) be performed live to great effect. This is amazing considering that this band built their identity on clausterphobia, now it breaths in and sours. Will things ever be the same?!
B000001EAQ|5.0|Pop- to make or cause a small explosive sound.<br />And that is what U2 did. after a 3 year hiatus, they swagger back into view with what can only be called a CLASS album. O.K americans may not have grasped the popmart concept, but what about the songs ? Discotheque is just the funkiest U2 song ever. Edge's repetitive riff gets me moving anyway.<br />Do You Feel Loved is rock'n'roll. No ifs or buts, it's rock'n'roll end of story.<br />Mofo - larry mullen not so jr proved his drumming prowess on this song. while bono lyrics are about his mother, the instrumentation on this song is second to none.<br />If God Will Send His Angels- good song, sounds half finished. this is proven by the fact they re-recorded it for the single.<br />Staring At The Sun- if you read the november issue of Q magazine, you will read larry saying this song was not finished properly. WHAT ? this is a top notch tune. Larry, stick to what you're good at- hitting things.<br />Last Night On Earth -good rock song, but live it kicks ass!  Gone - has richard ashcroft joined the band? a track reminscent of the verve reminds us that U2 do emotional songs very well.<br />Miami- Interesting sounds.<br />The Playboy Mansion-see miami<br />If You wear that velvet dress - Bono at his most lustful. Wicked guitar licks from Mr The Edge. However as is the case with U2, live it kicks ass!<br />Please - see god will send his angels<br />Wake Up Dead MAn- good album closer. gets under your skin and moves around. and stuff. so all in all, a class album (said that before didn;t I ). IMO, is better than ATYCLB, purely because the drums are more prominent on this album. the themes range from joy to darkness and excellent instrumentation. <br />You Americans don't know a good thing when it hits you in the face !!
B00004XONN|3.0|I wish people would end their discussion of this album. There is really nothing special about it. It reminds me of Beck's &quot;Mutations:&quot; a quirky, adventurous, award-winning album that serves as an appitizer for a much better &quot;real&quot; album out less than a year later. Overall, though, this very opaque ablum doesn't really keep my attention since it makes my brain actually lose oxygen while listening to its sci-fi bleeps and cloning references. While I loved &quot;How to disappear completely,&quot; &quot;idiotque,&quot; &quot;otion picture soundtrack,&quot; and &quot;in limbo,&quot; I really didn't find anything worth debating (or defending.) It is very well-produced, seems to be very stream-of-conscience and very streamlined. Nothing more. I don't understand any of the concepts Thom's singing about. Judging by &quot;How to completely...,&quot; Radiohead has caught &quot;tori amos syndrome&quot; in which they are erecting a psychic wall of wierd lyrics to keep their fans, who think they are poetic geniuses and want them like brain sucking zombies, at bay. This certainly does not do the trick, it makes them even MORE provocative. talk about street spirit, let's just hope they don't &quot;fade out&quot; after &quot;amnesiac&quot; comes out in June.
6305499365|5.0|This is a mini-spoiler, but not much of one.  Management actually tried &quot;Hawaiian Shirt Day&quot; at my office.  It was called Beach Day, but it was all the same.
0380788624|3.0|Neal Stephenson's a great writer, really top-flight. Unfortunately he's a pretty rotten novelist.<br />_Cryptonomicon_ is wildly funny, and filled to the brim with great language. There's plenty of plot. Too much plot. There's hordes of people running all over the world doing all kinds of stuff, quite a lot of which is done more because it's cool than because it's necessary or even useful to the story. The characters all sort of blend together as cool guys, each identified by a Quirk which they haul around with them.<br />There are numerous technical errors (minor plot details which either make no sense, or are ridiculous) which I would forgive in a less technical and detail oriented book.<br />I read the last 200 pages or so in a desperate sprint to reach the end before I stopped caring how it turned out. When I got there, it just sort of stopped -- right on top of one of this ridiculous technical errors. Perhaps it will make more sense if Volume Two comes out.<br />Lastly, the book is frankly misogynist. There are very few female characters, and they are drawn as ludicrous sketches. They're not even a walking Quirk, like the men, they are each a Walking Stereotype, usually of the worst sort (women are inscrutable manipulative and not very nice, but lordy we sure like to have sex with them -- ick!)<br />On the plus side, the language is great. There are several turns of phrase which will certainly enter MY daily usage. It's funny as all get out -- I *LOVED* the meta-business-plan. Well worth the read for language alone, just don't expect much of a novel to go with your language.
6300215512|2.0|I really don't see why everyone here is giving this movie 5 stars.  I found it to be slow, uneventful, and begging me to hit the fast-forward button--so I did.  Overacting anyone?  well I guess that what we expect from an ancient movie. Hmmph!
B000050FEN|5.0|I love DVD's!  Not only is the format superior to VHS, but it allows me to enjoy movies on multiple levels.  Now, in the spirit of the Criterion Collection, we have 'SE7EN - New Line Platinum Series Edition' added to the ever expanding library of DVD's to choose from.  (If you have not heard of the Criterion Collection, please search for titles that include this designation - you will not be disapointed!)  Seven is a great film with superb writing, acting, direction, the whole shebang and I am not going to bore you with those details.  This review centers entirely on the Platinum DVD Release - and I can honestly say that it is VERY worth the money you spend on it.  The commentary by David Fincher is awesome, and the commentaries by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt expand the understanding of their characters.  Beyond this, the professionals who work behind the scenes have their two cents to share with you as well, and they are quite informative.  Exlporing the Title Sequence is invigorating, as are the animated story boards.  But the true value of this DVD is in the animated Notebook of John Doe's writings.  Talk about a glimpse into the mouth of madness!  It illustrates the mind of the killer, played marvelously by Kevin Spacey, and blows your mind.  Talk about over the top DVD extras!  This two disk set will keep you busy for quite a while, and I highly recommend it.
B000009EUM|5.0|Someone once told me that a good song you can hear repeatedly without getting sick of. This is a whole album with songs like that! This album has been in my possession for 15 years. 15 years is a long time, but I will still be able to hear these songs on repeat in 15 years too. It definitely ranks on the top-5 all-time greatest albums ever recorded!
B00000JGHM|5.0|From watching the original movie LA Takedown from which Heat has been remade, it has not lost it's thrills and excitement a movie can bring. Heat offers viewers the chance to get underneath the characters and understand their thoughts and feelings.<br />Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro play their roles with such passion that they are able to bring to the screen a slik story of two completely opposite men, one a cop and another the master criminal. The movie is revolves around Pacino who plays the cop trying to capture the slik and itelligent criminal played by DrNiro. Micheal mann's vision and direction are superb throughout the movie keeping you hooked to the very end. The score gives it that extra special ambience.<br />Although the DVD does not offer any special features, the movie alone is worth every penny.
0380788624|4.0|This is a good example of the around-the-world Ludlum/Clancey type thriller.  It's set in both WWII and the present-day as we follow the fate of Japanese gold buried in the Philippines.  We are treated to WWII commando raids, submarine rides, a long treatise on how to eat Capt. Crunch cereal, several long lessons on cryptology, and various fascinating ruminations on uber-geekdom. <br />The story line is solid and will keep you flipping the pages but it gets a bit slow for my taste toward the end.  I would have preferred this 900 page book to have been about 200 pages lighter. <br />This would make a great &quot;going on a trip&quot; book.  Not too dumb, but easy to read nonetheless.
B000056NX5|3.0|This 2001 production version of JESUS CHRIST SUPERSTAR featured some very impressive and eye-catching set work.  The costuming and staging were of equal high quality.  Aside from this I have to say the 1973 film version was superior.<br />The main detraction from this production was the performance of Jesus.  He did a wonderful job acting, but his voice was not suited for the powerfully high accensions that the role of Jesus mandates.  Ted Neeley did a wonderful job in the film version. Glenn Carter flips into his falsetto voice during the powerful, dramatic moments and it almost comes off as comical.  I was especially displeased with this during the song &quot;Gethsemane.&quot;<br />One other detraction from the show was the obvious overacting in many of the roles, most notably with Pilate.  One would think overacting in such a dramatic story would be hard to do, but it was accomplished, unfortunately.<br />The one role that I was really impressed with was Renee Castle's Mary.  Both her vocal quality and acting ability were top notch, an I preferred her performance to that of Yvonne Elliman in the 1973 version.<br />For overall performance I would stick with the original version.  Though for staging and set design (and Renee Castle's performance) this is well worth watching.
0380729407|5.0|Or should we scratch out that &quot;horror&quot;? &quot;Something wicked&quot; is, by all means, Bradbury's best. It has an authentic way of describing the feelings of children, and the horror lies in that surreal point of view. A glamorous and terrorizing carnival arrives in town and steals the lives of people, with its secrets visible only to the unfettered eye of children. In my opinion, S.King was inspired much by this book when writing his masterpiece &quot;It&quot;. Recommended for everybody, double recommended for people who are looking for serious horror, albeit in a fairy-tale clothing.
B000005J56|5.0|These guys are absolutley phenomenal. This music is 1000% captivating. You will play it so many times that you will force yourself not to play it anymore only to find yourself playing it again!!
B00004STPT|5.0|I have not bought a soundtrack from a movie since 'Paint Your Wagon&quot; ... I have listened to the CD almost daily, as I find the music inspiring.  We saw the movie at the theathre, rented it approx. 6 times, and finally a friend bought us the video and we have watched it many times.  Wonderful, Great, Excellent, I learn something new everytime I listen to the music or watch the movie.
B000056VIY|5.0|Let's get a few things straight here for all the haters out there.  First of all, artists should not be judged on their lifestyle, significant others, or anything else that doen't have to do with MUSIC.  Secondly, Jennifer Lopez never claimed to be the next Whitney Huston, so don't put her in the same category!  She has a perfectly fine voice, it's nothing special, but it's pleasing to listen to.  So I suggest all you people who are saying that she doesn't deserve to be making music should shut up, considering, half of you probably couldn't keep a tune going for more than ten seconds.  If you judge this album without being blinded by you own prejudice, you will find that it beautifully blends latin, pop, techno, and dance beats to create a fun album that's worth your money at any price.  I'm looking forward to whatever she comes out with next.  Until then, I encourage all readers to leave well enough alone and let artists develop and discover themselves, don't do it for them.
B00003CXSO|5.0|I would just like to say first off that this was truely an amazing movie. See, it can't really be compared to &quot;Silence&quot; because the two movies are completely differant. But if I had to choose between the two films, I'd say that &quot;Silence&quot; was slightly better, but &quot;Hannibal&quot; was truely an Oscar-deserving film. The only problems I had with the film were:<br />1) Jodie Foster wasn't in it.<br />2) In this film (and in most) it's usually a bad thing to make a villian the main character, because simple human nature makes us root for the main character, even I myself at times in &quot;Hannibal&quot; found myself cheering the good Doctor on, as were many people at the Theater.<br />Overall, it's one of the best films I've seen in my life. And I am glad that the ending was changed.
B000059T5O|5.0|I've been an Amazon customer almost since the start-up, and this is the first time I've ever been moved to post a review.  And this after only the first hearing!  I've never, to my knowledge, heard John Hammond before, though I'll certainly be on the lookout now - but I'm a BIG Tom Waits fan.  Big, big, big.  But I have to admit that there are times when I'm just not in the mood for that (yes, incredible, but) that...VOICE.  Even when he's being funny or having fun, he still makes me feel like the world is coming to an end.  This CD, presumably as a result of his production/musical contributions, does an I-would-have-thought impossible thing - combines the clearer and more straightforward (though still bluesy-as-hell) tones of Hammond with the world view and musical vocabulary of Waits, and isn't a mess, or a pale imitation of anything.  It's its own glorious, rooted and FUN thing, though still undeniably part of the Waits canon.  <br />If you're a Hammond fan, I imagine you'll love this - Waits' songs are rightly renowned for their lyrics, and the instrumentation is flawless.  If you're a Waits fan, never fear! This ain't no stinkin' &quot;tribute album&quot; - it's a living, breathing piece of music that you can play right along with &quot;Heart of Sat Night,&quot; &quot;Mule Variations,&quot; or whatever your current favorite is.
0141301120|3.0|hello, i dont have a review of this book, i haven't read it. i just have a question for anyone out there who can answer me. was a movie of the sequel made? i have been told that there is a movie of it, but i cannot find it. if you know for sure one way or the other, PLEASE  e mail me. thank you moog006@aol.com
B0000027RL|5.0|this is simply the best album ever made. pearl jam never ceases to amaze me. every track on here is perfectly recorded and the lyrics really hit home. other then the commercial hits, like evenflow and jeremy, the other ones are equally as powerful in lyrical content and musical ability. eddie vedder has the most distinguishable in rock and everytime i stick this album in the cd player, the volume goes up to the max.
6305075379|5.0|This is one of the best films of Mel Gibson's Career.  Although it is quite violent there are great performances all round.  It is by far the most realistic futuristic movie of its kind. If you don't already own it you should!
B000056V73|5.0|I absolutely adore ALMOST FAMOUS...it's now my most favorite film of all time. Before this movie, I never really cared much for Cameron Crowe's works and didn't really know a lot about him except that he had directed JERRY MIGUIRE, which I never saw. I'm 17 years old, a girl who's never got to experience the '70s or '60s, and after seeing this movie in the theaters, I wish I had gotten to really experience those two unforgettable decades. Living through those two decades must have been great! Anyway, I thought THE SIXTH SENSE was a great film. I thought THE BREAKFAST CLUB was an incredible film. I thought TITANIC was the best movie in the world. Well, I was right about all of that - that is, until I saw ALMOST FAMOUS. I fell in love with the film almost instantly. ALMOST FAMOUS is not just a cheap comedy about the 70s, it's a drama with a beautifully written story, and Cameron Crowe had definitely deserved that Oscar for Best Original Screenplay, which I was thrilled the film won. The acting in this film is perfectly flawless by the entire cast - nobody else could have been more perfect for the roles than the diverse, incredible assemble of actors Cameron Crowe had chosen for this film. Each role was made especially for these actors - they were all meant to be in this beautiful film; it was their destinys!<br />Although ALMOST FAMOUS's plot isn't a very difficult one to understand - most people would be able to understand it with ease - it's basically about Cameron Crowe's life as a teenager and working as a rock journalist for Rolling Stones Magazine. The film starts out when William Miller (Cameron Crowe's alter-ego, played wonderfully by newcomer, Patrick Fugit) is about seven or eight years old, I think. He is very smart, so he has skipped several grades. He lives with his very overprotective - so overprotective that it's funny - mother, Elaine Miller (played by Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) and older sister, Anita Miller (played by Zooey Deschanel). Anita leaves home because she hates living there and not being able to do anything on her own, but she doesn't leave until she tells William that he will, &quot;One day be cool...&quot;. So finally, when William is 15 years old, and he is a senior in high school. The other high school students don't like him and make fun of him because he is younger and smarter. William soon discovers his love for writing, especially journalism. So he writes several articles to a local town music magazine called CREEM. The editor of CREEM Magazine hires him instantly, and puts him with an assignment right away. To interview a rock band. When that doesn't work out the way William has expected it to, he gets a call from the editor of Rolling Stones Magazine, who wants him to get an interview of Stillwater, a popular fictional rock band. So they send him on Stillwater's &quot;Almost Famous&quot; Tour. William gets lots of advice from the editor of CREEM Magazine like he can't make friends with the band because he is supposed to be the band's enemy. And lots and lots of advice from his mother like, don't take drugs and he'd better make sure he comes back in time for his high school graduation...more like demands than advice! When he goes off on the tour, trying desperatly to get an interview from the band, he begins to realize Stillwater isn't what they all seem to be. And he falls in love with the mysterious band-aid, Penny Lane (Kate Hudson), who's a couple years older than him. While trying to get Stillwater's interviews, William tries to win over Penny, who is in love with Stillwater's lead guitarist, Russell Hammond (Billy Crudup). But Russell Hammond is married to someone else, even though he's got deep feelings for Penny, too.<br />Simply a beautiful film. The best movie ever created, in my eyes. The music is so amazing, too. And although I'm not a huge rock fan, this movie has made me appreciate 70s and 60s rock music more. One of my favorite sceens of this whole film is the unforgettable sceen where they are all in the tour bus and singing Elton John's, &quot;Tiny Dancer&quot; - watching that sceen nearly made me cry, and I don't do that often while watching most movies! Patrick Fugit is so adorable and now one of my favorite new actors of all time, and so is Kate Hudson. I was really ashamed of the Academy Awards for snubbing this film for the likes of GLADIATOR, TRAFFIC, CHOCOLAT, and CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON (which I would have seen by the way, except that CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON was all in subtitles, and I absolutely hate subtitles!). I truly thought ALMOST FAMOUS deserved more Oscars than it had won and been nominated. Sure, it hadn't hit it big in the box office - which I can't understand why, to all of those snobbish people who missed this film! - but just because it didn't make it big in the box office, doesn't mean it's a bad film and shouldn't be at least nominated for many Oscars! How dare those damn' Academy Awards. At least make the winners more diverse and not have the same few not-so-great films win all the Oscars. ALMOST FAMOUS should have won and been nominated for Best Picture, and Cameron Crowe should have been nominated and won Best Directing. Kate Hudson or Frances McDormand - either one, I don't really care, though I'd prefer Kate Hudson - should have won Best Supporing Actress. And this film should have won Best Film Editing, which it was also up for. I'm sure the Academy looks back now at the mistake they have made and are very ashamed for making such a crime. Hopefully, next year, the Academy Awards will choose more wisely which movie should win what award. I definitelyr recommend this film. If there is one and only one film you could ever see, then it should definitely be ALMOST FAMOUS. Go buy it - I know you will not regret it!
B0000039PW|5.0|Notorious B.I.G. was one of the most gifted rappers i have ever known and it is a shame that he had to die for his career. I should get to this album because if I rave on about how enthusiastically good Biggie Smalls was, I would probably get negative feedback on this review. So, here goes. Ready to Die was a multi-platinum album, if that doesn't say enough. I absolutely love this album to death and it deserves 5 stars solid, not 4.5. Every track on this album right here is bumpin from start to finish, and trust me, you will never recieve any hint of boredom from this here album. Relatively 63 minutes of hard core hip-hop action are shown on this album. He raps around the sole core of his mind and lyrics: the rough dirty streets of downtown Brooklyn. Reknowned the king of hiphop and of new york, this guy deserves some respect. So in Biggie's sake, go out and buy this album, Number 1--you'll enjoy it, and Number 2--It will make Biggie feel better up in the heavens.  R.I.P. To The Hip Hop King Of Brooklyn, Biggie Smalls (Christopher Wallace).
0446608955|5.0|Nicholas Sparks has proven yet again that he has the talent to reach the heart and reveal the beauty of the human spirit.  I really enjoyed reading A WALK TO REMEMBER.  It's difficult to review this book without wanting to giving away the entire plot.  However, since I want you to experience the broad spectrum of emotions I did, I'll do just enough to whet your appetite.        All too often humans have a tendency to judge people based on how they look on the outside.  Many miss out on opportunities to really see a person for what they really are on the inside.  The true beauty goes unnoticed and at times those who do not meet up to the &quot;beauty standard&quot; end up feeling &quot;ugly&quot; and depressed.  Sparks does several things through the writing of this novel.  He shows that inner beauty should be valued and if you are a victim of not being accepted, you should not change to fit in.      See how he develops what starts out as a heckling and unnacceptance of a Reverend's daughter that eventually turns into something beautiful.  It teaches the lesson that we should all put effort to see beyond a person's skin.      I really like Nicholas Sparks' writing style.  It is as though he is speaking right to you.  Make yourself comfortable with your favorite drink and lots of KLEENEX and take into consideration that I didn't want to put the book down.  From beginning to end it will shed light on what makes living a wonderful experience that should be treasured.  A WALK TO REMEMBER will be A BOOK YOU'LL REMEMBER.
B00004STPT|5.0|When I first saw the movie, one of the first things that amazed me was the music. Hans Zimmer has proved himself a master. The music simply make you feel the story, the drama and the battle. The Battle track is simply amazing, you really sense a Roman Battle, The Mighty of Rome track, is beyond words, and I could go on and on with every single track. The point is that you do not find such a master piece everyday. Rome has been broght back alife through this amazing movie, and the music it has, transmits all the neceray feelings in order to get more than socked by the politics, tears and blood people had those days.
6305750750|5.0|Every year I come up with my  top five movies of that year.  I was going to stop doing this after 1998. But after I saw The Phantom Menace I just had to continue.  I am not a SW fan, actually as far as I am concerned it is nothing but a western set in space.  The only reason I ened up watching the Phatom Menace was due to bordom on a Sunday afternoon during 1999. And what an afternoon it was!  This movie absolutely blew my mind!  Instead of getting a cheesy movie riddled with sensless fighting, one dimensional characters and a  transparent plot. I got a movie with fleshed out characters and a complex plot (it took me 3 viewings to figure out the reason for the  trade war).  Jar Jar Binks was annyoing but everyone compensates for that big time-especially Natalie Portman who I tip my hat  to.  If the acting had not been so strong in this film I would have been on the floor laughing at the diologue.  Unfortunetly some of the criticism of this movie have been the fact that the movie was &quot;too wordy&quot;, and that it may be cut in the subsequent films, which will be really sad.  But in the meantime I tip my hat to George Lucas and Co. for giving me one of the most enjoyable movies I have seen in  long time.
B000002L5I|4.0|This album features tracks from start to finish that never have you fishing for the next button. GWS is truly most enjoyable as a guitarist. The genre is almost entirely blues/rock. The album features high on my playlist as does his other two cds. All three albums are good and it is hard to pick a favourite from the three. The best tracks are' Blue on black', 'Slow ride', 'Somehow. Somewhere. Someway', 'King's highway' and 'Nothing to do with love'. I would buy any future album sight unseen based on his previous output.
B00000DQSS|4.0|This is the very first Kate album I ever heard, and boy, did I fall hard for Ms. Bush! I can still remember it - eighth grade, and my best friend comes into school one day with the tape her anglophile sister had brouhgt home from England saying &quot;You have GOT to listen to this!&quot; This was the first time a pop artist had reached me at a gut level - and all other music has been held up to that standard ever since. <br />That being said, this is a lush, intense album, laden with emotion. La Kate uses her voice in every imaginable way, cooing and whispering, shrieking and screeching, and makes use of every note in her impressive vocal range. And you know, one of the things I love about Kate is the references she makes. For example, &quot;Delius&quot; is a song about the composer Frederick Delius, who in his old age became blind and paralyzed; the &quot;Fenby&quot; referred to in the lyrics is Eric Fenby, to whom Delius dictated his final works. This song is gorgeous - but it also made me curious, and led to a little research on my part. God love an artist who *thinks* and who writes about more than her poor achy breaky heart and all of that!<br />Every song on the album is amazing. I simply couldn't pick one above the others. There's the O'Henry-esque &quot;Babooshka,&quot; the plaintive &quot;Army Dreamers,&quot; the tabloid story of &quot;The Wedding List&quot; - argh, as soon as I get home I'm putting this CD on! Almost twenty years after I first heard it, this album's stil got me under its spell.
B0000025RI|5.0|THIS POP, SOUL, ROCK MASTER PIECE HAS SET AND RAISED THE STANDARDS IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY SINCE IT WAS RELEASED IN THE 80'S. IT STILL SOUND AS FRESH AND UPLIFTING AS IT DID BACK THEN, I HAVE BOUGHT THE THRILLER CD AGAIN AS THE OLD ONE GOT TOO SCRATCHED TO BE PLAYED(SHOWS HOW MANY TIMES I'VE LISTENED TO IT). <br />IT IS AN ALBUM TO BE INCLUDED IN ANY MUSIC COLLECTION. SONGS LIKE BILLIE JEAN; THRILLER; BEAT IT; ARE SONGS THAT MADE HISTORY AND WILL BE REMEMBERED, IF THEY WERE TO BE RELEASED AGAIN I'M SURE THEY WILL STILL ROCK THE CHARTS LIKE HOW IT DID 20 YEARS AGO. <br />BUY THE ALBUM THAT ANYBODY WILL GET  A THRILL OUT OF...THRILLER.
0446608955|5.0|When I first picked up this book I thought it was going to be like any other love story, but it caught my attention since the first paragraph. Sparks has a way of drawing you in, so many different emotions for one book. Makes you laugh and cry, yuo fell like skipping ahead to see what will happen, but then you don't want to miss a single word. It's a book everyone can relate to, even my macho boyfriend loved it. I just simply loved the eccitement, this is one of Sparks best books ever.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Politics, blood, battles, action, are just a few elements that this huge epic movie provides. Its not another Ben-Hur, it is The Gladiator. The Visual Effects and sound, are the best ones Ive seen and heard. Its not only a 12 oscar nominee and 5 oscar winner including Best Picture, it is the best epic movie ever made. You are taken to Rome, into the battles, the politics and the Coliseum. This DVD is simply one of the best. The DTS Surround Sound, (for those who have a DTS Surround Sound DVD), is awsome, the movie sound effects are so good, that when you combine it with them, you really hear every single movement of the sword, just like if you were a roman having fun in the Coliseum, and for those who dont have a DTS Surround Sound DVD, the Surround Sound is still excellent. But appart from the movie and the sound, this two DVD disc set gives you the Barbarian extras. The Commentary by Ridley Scott is worth of your time, and the HBO First Look Making Of, is more than interesting. But the parts I most enjoyed were the 25 minutes of Deleted Scenes and 7 minute montage of additional unused footage extras. Althogh the movie is not as deep as it could, Joaquin Phoenix gives an excellent performance as the Cesar, and gives the sense of Politics in such a way, that you enjoy the story of power that comes between him and Maximus. The scene where Comodus confronts his father is amazing, and the Am I not Merciful? scene provides an amazing feeling of madness surrounding Comodus. The Batlle scene, the Coliseum scene and the City of Rome scene proves that Ridley Scott is one of the best directors ever. The music that the master Hans Zimmer made for the movie is shocking, and the most important thing of all, in one way or another, you enjoy the movie, the story, the music, and many other details.
6305622825|2.0|When this movie was originally released in theatres, I was warned not to see it on the big screen. I was told it was a bad movie, not worthy of watching. I didn't understand why so many people told me that; I mean the film has Sean Connery, contains a seemingly interesting plot, and Catherine Zeta-Jones. There was also a lot of discussion over the fact that Sean Connery was old enough to be Catherine Zeta-Jones' grandfather, yet he was playing her love interest. Luckily, I didn't see the movie in theatres and I am grateful for that.<br />ENTRAPMENT starts off on the right foot. The film's early scenes are interesting and demand attention. However, about thirty minutes later, the movie takes an unexpected twist into territory it should not have entered: romantic entaglement with bad dialogue and no chemistry. Even though Sean Connery is pushing 75, he's still considered by many to be one of the sexiest men alive.  Catherine Zeta-Jones is a beautiful young woman and attracts the eye of many men. Nevertheless, just because two people are physically attractive does not mean that there will be any chemistry between them. In this film the chemistry between Connery and Zeta-Jones is like the chemistry between the same sides of a magnet: instead of uniting, the two objects pull away from each other.  Of course, it doesn't help that the movie is full of bad dialogue and many of the emotional scenes of Zeta-Jones are totally forced with no reality or logic to them at all. The screenwriters should have kept to the basics instead of relying on dazzling special effects to save the film.<br />There are a few good action scenes, especially at the beginning. However, towards the end even those are so blown out of proportion that you begin wondering when the masked superhero will arrive that can match Connery's superhuman skills and foil his evil plans. Overall, ENTRAPMENT is a movie that had a lot of potential, but ending up getting entrapped by itself.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Considering purchasing this album, but hesitating?  Not sure whether or not you'll like it?  Found yourself gravitating to the uniqueness of Badu, D'Angelo, and even Omar or Maysa, but still found yourself disappointed here and there where you get &quot;experimental&quot;?  QUIT BEING WISHY-WASHY.  BUY IT.  You WILL like it.  You WON'T be disappointed.  At first you will be stingy and try to keep it to yourself, like you've just found a secret treasure.  Then, you'll call a friend and say &quot;Go get India Arie, and listen to Track 4 - 'Brown Skin'.  Do it, and do it now.&quot;  They'll hesitate, just like you're hesitating now.  Don't you make the wrong decision, and don't let your friend make the wrong decision, either.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long while. Most of the movies out today have a pointless story line and have no meaning to them. Yet this was one of the few, that had a compelling story line combined with breath-taking action. In addition to the beatiful cinematography, music is simply amazing, thanks to Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrald for that, well done.<br />Best Picture!
6304474652|4.0|I really liked this film from the word go.  Alex and Isabel meet by chance and have a one night stand.  Isabel leaves before Alex wakes up and he doesn't see her again until she turns up on his doorstep and tells him she's pregnant.<br />Although she doesn't want help, Alex eventually proposes and they get married, falling in love along the way.  The course of true love however, never runs smooth and they hit some hefty bumps during their marriage.<br />They both come from very different backgrounds - him from Anglo and her from Mexican stock and this also provides good friction between both the characters and their relatives who all seem to want a say in how and where they should live.<br />This probably sounds like a very dramatic film and in places it is.  But, there's also alot of outright laughs coupled with a more gentle humour that stops it all being too intense.<br />Great piece of acting from Selma Hayek as the lovely Isabel who has a charming innocence and simplicity about what she wants from life.  You really feel what she goes through.<br />And Matthew Perry is excellent as Alex who's life is practically ruled by his work to the point where it almost ruins everything. His comic touches are their usual high standard and his dramatic scene's are wonderfully touching.  If you look past the comedy, you'll notice what a great actor he really is.<br />Both actors are fantastic together and the film has a lot of heart that takes the viewer on a rollercoaster ride of emotions. <br />Definitely one to watch again and again, and look out for the part where Isabel takes Alex to meet her parents and entire family for dinner and he meets the ex-boyfriend - it's one of the quickest, funniest lines I've heard in a long time.
B00004Y6NX|5.0|This album has been one of my very favorites since the 1980's.  There are very few albums that have been on my list of absolute favorites for that long.  Even after 20 years, this album continues to sound refreshing and engrossing.  <br />Every song on this album is well written and well performed.  The lyrics are enchanting, the musicianship is oustanding, and in particular the underlying guitar work is superb.  Mark Knopfler's trademark vocals, which at times seem more like cadence than singing, strengthen the appeal of this disc.<br />Of all songs ever written by any rock-n-roll band, &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; is one of my very favorites - for me this is the quintessential Dire Straits song.  I also really, really enjoy every other song on the disc (including the playful &quot;Les Boys,&quot; which other reviewers have criticized here).   <br />If you like Dire Straits but have not heard anything from this disc, please take my word for it: this is their best album!
B00004NRUM|5.0|It was fifteen months of work that led to the completion of this record, which is probably the most progressive thing the band has done. It is the touching story of a disillusioned young girl who runs away from home, attempts suicide, gets picked up by the police, and learns a thing or two about life and love. The story is told through a non-linear approach with intermittent flashbacks establishing the shattered emotional state of the story's protagonist.<br />After dabbling with pop for Holidays In Eden, the band headed in a challenging art-rock direction for this release, the most challenging of the Marillion catalogue (from Fish or Hogarth eras). The album features several moments of subtle beauty, emotion tumult, and brash hard-rock (some of the more audacious Marillion songs are on this album). The production is subtle and the arrangements are richly textured. Brave's music is not complicated, but it is densely layered with myriad sounds (more so than any other Marillion album).<br />For this reason, the album is only truly appreciated at high volume levels or with headphones. For instance, the lengthy instrumental passage on the 12 minute &quot;Goodbye to All That&quot; appears meandering, but headphones reveal considerable depth and ingenuity in the composition. The band adds a quick note in the liner notes, &quot;Play it loud and with the lights off.&quot; This is definitely a must (although a candle might be handy so you can read the lyrics - it will still preserve the mood).<br />This is a wonderful album. Certainly one of the better discs from the Hogarth days.
0060900075|2.0|Since this book was written, millions of people have taken...., mescaline, mushroooms, whatever. If you've never tried it, chances are you know somebody who has, and they could probably give you a far better story. Huxley's book is boring as hell. He goes on and on with endless descriptions of some work of art (which unless you are an art major, you've never seen) and is constantly referring to artist and people whom you've probably never heard of. Most the time, I had no idea what this guy was talking about. Maybe my drug addled brain just has a hard time with such high-falutin concepts such as 'Gesualdo's madrigals' . The rest is just a lot of big talk. Read it if you must. People will think your're hip and that's worth two stars I suppose.
0061020710|5.0|in 1 word i would describe this review as Absoloutely-totally-and-utterly-brilliant-and-that's-true!!! amazingly funny, and a great read. i would sincerley recomend this book to anyone who has a sense of humour, and also those who don't as it's a great starting point to getting one...<br />please read it and give mr pratchett some buissness. (not that he needs it)<br />PS. it is brilliant!!!!!!!
6305537313|5.0|This is by far Audreys best roll.  She simply shines on the screen.  They did a fair job moving the story over to the big screen although there are some major differences.  Even if your not an Audrey Hepburn fan you'll still going to love this movie.  Take Holly for example,  she likes to drink (and drink before breakfast), smoke, break stuff, marry for money, party all night, I just love her.
B00004YYDI|5.0|I originally saw this film about 5 years ago on video, and was somewhat surprised that I had managed to miss the cinema release! The quality of acting is strong by Jean Reno, Gary Oldman and Natalie Portman. In particular though, Jean Reno is most impressive, with often subtle, understated acting, which is emphasised in the additional footage.<br />Although another reviewer refers to this version as \\"The European Version,\\" I hadn't seen the additional footage, which suggests the original release was cut for both American and British audiences. The added 24 minutes do change the feel of the film considerably, by placing more detail on Mathilda and Leon's relationship. The relationship no longer leads the audience to believe protection is the primary motive for Leon's `adoption' of Mathilda, love becomes the true reason, and although it considers a paedophilic angle, it brings into focus interesting questions about what - in particular non-sexual - relationships are permissible in our society, and between whom.<br />Apart from the additional footage the DVD is pretty short on special features, with just a handful of trailers, release posters and a quick bio of Reno, Oldman and Portman (and why isn't True Romance mentioned amongst Oldman's filmography?).
B00003CXE7|2.0|Gladiator has somehow garnered adulation. It snagged the Oscar for Best Picture (no mean feat), made lots of money, and collected a reasonable share of critical acclaim. But even after watching it (twice), I steadfastly stick to my conclusion that Gladiator is not a great movie...not even a good one.<br />Gladiator holds promise for a heroic story with a liberal dosing of medieval battles. In the end, I am left with a feeling that the film is a blatant retread of Braveheart and other more successful varieties of the &quot;hero fighting for freedom and revenge&quot; plot. Our hero, Maximus, spouts several turgid speeches that sound as if they were ripped directly from Braveheart, and his lack of emotional power render his recitations tepid and uninspiring. Maximus' forgettable dearth of emotionalized feeling when his family is mercilessly slaughtered is nauseating. Crowe's entire role is too halfhearted (he won Best Actor!?!?), helped little by the mimetic script. Don't even get me started on the implicit affection between Maximus and the emperor's sister, which was retch-inducingly contrived.<br />The battle scenes are ambitious in their orchestration, but ultimately they are filmed poorly thanks to erratic camera movement that forsake clarity or the exhilarating involvement of, say, Saving Private Ryan. Admittedly, the chariot battle is stunning, with its breathless sense of urgency that the filmmakers captured here. But why didn't they do it for the rest of the movie? It doesn't help that the different battles seem like disparate events unforgivingly adhered to an existing story line to add violent physical conflict. What Maximus is fighting for becomes unclear amidst the series of battles, which lack fiery emotional intensity that SHOULD be present when someone is fighting for freedom and revenege. One area that deserves accolade is the incredible sound. All around, you can hear arrows whiz by, the cacophony of clashing steel, and anguished screams. Very impressive!<br />And then comes the big kick in the face: the woeful anticlimax. I won't go into detail, but prepare to be disappointed. Suffice to say, Maximus becomes a martyr, but what did he accomplish? Bad, regurgitated speeches? Passionless action? Great work!<br />Gladiator may have been a better movie if it had been thirty minutes shorter, cut out the sordid insinuations of romance, and had more chariot battles. But when you're making a big Hollywood blockbuster, you've gotta have reams of dross to guarantee it sells.ve!<br />And then comes the big kick in the face: the woeful anticlimax. I won't go into detail, but prepare to be disappointed. Suffice to say, Maximus becomes a martyr, but what did he accomplish? Bad, regurgitated speeches? Passionless action? Great work!<br />Gladiator may have been a better movie if it had been thirty minutes shorter, cut out the sordid insinuations of romance, and had more chariot battles. But when you're making a big Hollywood blockbuster, you've gotta have reams of dross to guarantee it sells.
6304981635|5.0|This movie remains one of my favorites.  The movie follows Bruce Lee to an island fortress where he has been sent to participate in a shady martial arts tournament and take down a druglord.  The movie is excellent for being as old as it is.  Lee delivers an awesome performance in his last feature film.  I would recommend this film to any action or martial arts enthusiast.
6302878527|3.0|I really find it hard to think that anyone liked this movie.  Maybe it's just me and my simple mind but I had a hard time following along.  It's like trying to follow that kid through the maze in the shining.  It'll drive you crazy.
B00004T1NA|5.0|Ok... I guess I have listened to this CD enough and read the reviews enough that I guess it's time to add my own...  First of all, let me preface this by saying that My introduction to Porcupine Tree was with Stupid Dream in Fall of 2000.  Since then I have purchased or otherwise acquired all things PT that I could get my hands on.  It is interesting to hear the different &quot;Phases&quot; this band has gone through.  I think &quot;Lightbulb Sun&quot; is the perfect culmination of all that has come before.  In some parts it does sound a bit like a continuation of &quot;Stupid Dream&quot;, but has the darkness of &quot;Signify&quot;, the spaciness of &quot;Sky Moves Sideways&quot; and &quot;Up the Downstair&quot;, and some elements of &quot;On the Sunday Life&quot; as well... Strongest tracks here are &quot;Lightbulb Sun&quot;, &quot;Shesmovedon&quot;, &quot;Last Chance...&quot;, &quot;Hatesong&quot;, the magnificent &quot;Russia on Ice&quot; and &quot;Feel So Low&quot;.  The band has never sounded better than they do here.  Steven Wilson's guitar, Richard Barbieri's incredibly tasteful analogue wonderfulness, Colin Edwin's smooth bass playing, and Chris Maitland's incredible drumming (Just listen to the end of &quot;Russia on Ice&quot;).  Dave Gregory's string arrangements are a nice touch too... they don't overpower the subleties of the music the way the strings on &quot;Stupid Dream&quot; do. In short... if you are tired of what you're hearing on the radio and seeing on MTV, and looking for music that will make you love music all over again... start here!  Then buy the rest of PT (and No-Man if you can find it)! PS... if only they'd come to Arizona... I hear they're amazing live!
0375403477|5.0|I borrowed the full version book from the libuary and tried to read it but fell asleep about 12 times and never finished. So I tried the audio CD, and wow, it was sooo much better. David Duke does an excellent job doing a unique voice for each individual character and clear and crisp narration of the story, to the point that you can imagine a movie about this going inside your head with vivid (but not boring) details of almost everything. The story itself is pretty good too (but only possibly enjoyed by those with some knowledge or interest in military or policing matters). Its about the interesting and intricate formation an international black ops anti-terrorist Unit called Rainbow. The units go around the world stopping terrorist incidents-but thats not all or else it would be a boring story. In all the terrorist incidents Rainbow gets into involves this world wide conspiricy run by an American Company to -lets just say make the world a little more Green (not giving it away). So this story is really good all the way from an interesting creation story of covert gov. unit to a multifaceted sorta spy's detective story with everything imaginable with spies, trickery, FBI, defectors and etc. So if ya like suspense and military related fiction definitly, skip the book and get the Audio CD- ENJOY.
B00004X01U|4.0|Madonna has dug into her bag of innovations and pulled out some of her most dazzling and plaintive efforts. A few tracks offer her least embellished vocal performances(gone,I deserve it) while others conjur up plain human emotion with the help of a vocoder.This emotion no more apparent than on the track &quot;Nobodys Perfect&quot; where Madonna's plea for understanding and forgiveness are turned into a guilty whine. &quot;Amazing&quot; is as sweet as it is sad and The ambivalence of this sunny uptempo summer radio blaster is made all the more intriquing by Madonna's girlish delivery. &quot;Music&quot; on the other hand is a return to the madonna of old The hip white chick with her ears in the ghetto! She has once again made her presence felt with a message. This time the messsage being I am an artist and I create music for the listeners. What I can say to those who are not madonna fans is buy the record and listen to it more than once, every song wont be your favorite the first day. This is album that grows with you. As for my only problem with this album Where are the theatrical ballads I'm used to getting from the material girl(Take A Bow, Time STood STill etc)?
0440219078|3.0|I was asked to read this book because it was assigned to 5th grade students.  I must admit I had a variety of feelings concerning book as I read through the pages.  My first reaction was of concern for the life style and some of the situations described.  As I read further, I began to see some real value to the story and actually did enjoy the book.  However, I do have concerns about this book being assigned to children younger than in the 7th or 8th grade.  There is alot in this book which I think would be better for older children to read and discuss....not 11 year olds.  Parents, if your child is asked to read this book or wants to read it on his/her own, I highly suggest that you read it first.  If you think it is appropriate for your child, please take the time for discussion afterwards. This is not a light-hearted book.....
B000000I0I|4.0|Yes it is!  However, this recording also suffers from the same problem that Tubular Bells does - Side 2.  Side 1 is a fantastic musical journey from soft and peaceful to loud and powerful.  Mike's guitar playing is extremely emotional and tasteful.  I especially like how it builds near the end, starting with vocal, drums and string synth, then leading into some powerful guitar work.  Side two (or Part 2) never seems to reach the same heights.  To me, after the climax of Part 1, it is frustratingly repetative, and nowhere near as melodic.  And again, Mike has to prove that he's not all serious - The &quot;On Horseback&quot; section is fun, but again it sounds like filler.  Maybe Mike should have teken a little more time on his earlier albums to develop his ideas more... That said, I still stand by this as being his strongest release of the period (I lost all interest after &quot;Incantations&quot; and &quot;Exposed&quot; - which was a great live Album by the way!).
B000059QYB|5.0|Billy Idol is one of those rare artists whose music defines a generation, without being condemned to that generation.  Although anyone who hears 'Rebel Yell' or 'White Wedding', will instantly remember the 1980's, there is more to Billy Idols punk rock melodies than meets the ear.  This music will not only rock you, it will sooth you.  It manages to be euphonic without being soft.<br />Overall this is a well rounded compilation, containing the essential Billy Idol songs.  I also highly recommend his 1993 release, Cyberpunk.
B00004Z459|5.0|ive listened to some of those rap rock cds and frankly they arent close to as good as this one exept limp bizkit  this one just blows some compitition out of the water they mix it all up with rap rock combo its great all the albums are cool exept for the 11th wich is ok but they could use a song their but overall it is a great cd for an up and coming band and you should help these guys out their great
0140288503|4.0|Mark Bowden's tale of the United State's involvement in Somalia, in particular the long firefight in Mogadishu that caused the US so much embarrassment, is a truly gripping account of contemporary warfare.  Bowden gets inside the soldiers' heads, explains the mindset of the commanding officers, and shows in excruciating detail just how things fell apart.  At times it reads like hilarious black comedy, at other times it is painfully tragic.  &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; demonstrates just how difficult it was for the US military to carry out its ambiguous and ultimately impossible mission.<br />My only complaint about the book is that Bowden's technique, giving a minute-by-minute description of the battle, gets a bit overwhelming after a while.  You may read a hundred pages in which we follow the actions of a dozen or more different soldiers, and all of an hour has passed in the battle.  Many of the individual stories are riveting and kept me turning the pages furiously, but too many were interchangeable and by the time I was two thirds of the way through, I felt as though I'd already read a lot of what was going on.  <br />Ultimately this is a minor complain, and readers who find too much detail tedious can skim a little and still come away from this book feeling the profound sadness of this colossal military misstep.
B000000WG4|3.0|After many listenings to this and (the Superior) &quot;Ommadawn&quot;, I have reached the conclusion that Mike Oldfield (at least during this period of time) started running out of ideas after &quot;Side 1&quot; of each.  The first part of Tubular Bells is stunning.  The combination of instruments, the way it transforms from one theme to the next, etc... For the technology available at the time, it's amazing that it sounds as good as it does.  Side 2, however goes quickly downhill...  It really sounds like he was just trying to fill out the album... Mike might have meant to be having fun, but those voices totally ruin anything good that could have been.  I still think this was (and is) an extremely important piece on music, I just think that maybe he should have put Tubular Bells Part 1 and Ommadawn Part 1 on the same album.  Now that would have been 6 stars!
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is one intelligent, talented musician! I normally don't like pop music, but Dido's album completely blew me away.<br />Some people have compared Dido to Sarah McLachlan or Sinead O'Connor. Actually, though there is a bit of that Celtic sound, I think she sounds a bit more like Cranberries lead singer Dolores O'Riordan.  If it sounds a bit like Faithless, that's because her brother Rollo produced albums for them and she toured with that band as well. But what distinguishes Dido are her lyrics, which are innovative. One of her love songs deals with boredom (Hunter) and that is certainly a different theme.<br />The music is a bit more electronic than Sarah McLachlan's, but probably would appeal any of McLachlan's fans.
B000059ZT4|5.0|Catch A Fire was the album that introduced Bob Marley &amp; The Wailers to the world.  It is a quintessential reggae album and laid the blueprint for the musical path Mr. Marley would follow for the rest of his career: mixing politics and stories of life in Jamaica.  Peter Tosh &amp; Bunny Livingston were still part of the band and Mr. Tosh's gritty voice makes an excellent contrast to Mr. Marley's smoother tones.  &quot;Stir It Up&quot; is the most famous song on the album and it was Johnny Nash's hit version that brought Mr. Marley his first international attention.  &quot;Concrete Jungle&quot; is a reggae masterpiece with its stark and plaintive depiction of life in Trenchtown.  &quot;Kinky Reggae&quot; and &quot;Slave Driver&quot; are top songs as well.  This reissue contains the original lighter packaging that was not highly available in the US and overall is a well put together set.
0140288503|4.0|Mark Bowden's tale of the United State's involvement in Somalia, in particular the long firefight in Mogadishu that caused the US so much embarrassment, is a truly gripping account of contemporary warfare.  Bowden gets inside the soldiers' heads, explains the mindset of the commanding officers, and shows in excruciating detail just how things fell apart.  At times it reads like hilarious black comedy, at other times it is painfully tragic.  &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; demonstrates just how difficult it was for the US military to carry out its ambiguous and ultimately impossible mission.<br />My only complaint about the book is that Bowden's technique, giving a minute-by-minute description of the battle, gets a bit overwhelming after a while.  You may read a hundred pages in which we follow the actions of a dozen or more different soldiers, and all of an hour has passed in the battle.  Many of the individual stories are riveting and kept me turning the pages furiously, but too many were interchangeable and by the time I was two thirds of the way through, I felt as though I'd already read a lot of what was going on.  <br />Ultimately this is a minor complain, and readers who find too much detail tedious can skim a little and still come away from this book feeling the profound sadness of this colossal military misstep.
B00004WEJZ|1.0|The movie was released by Warner Brothers, not MGM.  I work for MGM and frankly our operators are tired of hearing complaints about the dvd version being bad when we had nothing to do with it.....
B000001F2H|4.0|Eric Clapton left the Yardbirds after their big hit &quot;For Your Love&quot; as he felt they were becoming too commercial and straying away from their blues roots.  Keyboardist John Mayall quickly recruited the guitar prodigy for his Blues Breakers.  The group has gone through many incarnations, but the lineup that recorded Blues Breakers with Eric Clapton is the most famous.  The album shows why Mr. Clapton inspired people to write Clapton is God on walls throughout London. His guitar playing is expressive, inventive and down right incredible. He effortlessly moves through guitar passages, making complication progressions with ease.  He makes the guitar sing and is in complete control of the instrument.  He even makes his singing debut on &quot;Ramblin' On My Mind&quot;.  John McVie (future member of Fleetwood Mac) plays a heavy and tight bass and along with drummer Hughie Flint, they form a strong and powerful rhythm section.  The one problem with the band is John Mayall himself.  While he had a great eye for talent, he was not the greatest musician.  His playing is adequate, but his singing leaves something to be desired.  That said, this album is a must for any blues fan or if you like Eric Clapton, but are only familiar with his recent stuff, listen to album and you'll know why they call him Slowhand.
B00000055E|4.0|2Pac is the greatest rapper of all time.  His music is life for most people. R U Still Down (Remember Me) is a albumn made up of songs written before his Makaveli period.  The albumn is dope, with great tracks like Nothing to lose, R u Still Down, Hellrazor, and F#%ck Yall.  Although the albumn seems to be remixed, it possesses an edge of Pac's emotions, and is still worth the purchase.
0783231482|5.0|There will never be another movie quite like the Blues Brothers.  No movie can accomplish or come close to accomplishing what this movie did in terms of car stunts, musical sequences, even some of it's many quotes.  The best thing is, is that very little of it looks dated and it is still fun no matter how many times you watch it because so much of it is classic.  The story is simple but ample as Elwood Blues and his brother Jake, fresh out of prison on parole must round up the members of their old band to raise some charity money to save their old orphanage from being torn down and in the process end up destroying much of Chicago and making enemys everywhere they go.  Music legends Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, Cab Calloway and James Brown are all on hand to provide some of the best and most entertaining musical scenes you've seen in a film and almost every scene in between has ample padding for some of the biggest and/or most destructive car chases seen.  The additional scenes added for the most part don't add a whole lot but are still interesting to watch, especially Elwood quitting his job at a bottling plant (Elwood without his sunglasses on!!) Whether you've seen it once twice or a hundred times, The Blues Brothers is a contemporary classic above almost any other and serves as grandoise entertainment every step of the way.
B00003CXRM|5.0|What an incredible ride! I've seen it twice in the theatre and I am eagerly awaiting its release on DVD. To be perfectly candid, this movie is hard to compare to other comedies in the theatre, because it is in a league of its own. A very well thought story with references to not only literature, but also classic films (The Wizard of Oz). <br />The dialogue was out of this world! What tremendous characters and great adventures! Check this one out!
6302043158|1.0|As musicians, The Who were geniuses but as film makers, they were failures--and this movie proves it! Quadrophenia's plot is weak the acting, writing, and directing are equally abysmal.<br />Although the album \\"Quadrophenia\\" tends to be complex and over-produced, it still has a lot to recommend it. \\"Quadrophenia\\" was also one of Pete Townshend's most ambitious and grandiose projects. Unfortunately, this grandiosity does not translate well onto cinema.<br />\\"Quadrophenia\\" the movie is, at best, flat and banal. At worst, it's an extravagant ego trip on the part of Messrs. Townshend, Daltrey and Entwistle. Fortunately, after this fiasco, the surviving members of The Who decided it was time to give up on making films and go back to making music. Unfortunately, in the ensuing years, they didn't do much better in that area either.<br />If I could, I'd give \\"Quadrophenia\\" a zero. Bottom line: Don't waste your money on this movie. It's a real dud.
B00000I07P|5.0|I don't like to hear myself talk...so I will get right to the point...<br />Any kid of the 1980s will feel their blood boil with the 1st track, 'let it rock' and will really get the blood pumping with 'dead or alive'.  All of the 'living on the prayer' in between is all good too. I will admit, I hated this album when it came out..it couldn't stand up to Judas Priest's 'turbo' or Guns 'n' Roses 'appetite'....but now, 12 or 13 years later, this album is the one that we all can listen to and enjoy.<br />Even the recent 'it's my life' is simply great entertainment...and that is what Bon Jovi has remembered....us music fans!<br />wally
B000002UB6|1.0|&quot;Let It Be&quot; is an amalgamation of choppy, incoherent pieces that just don't add up. The material on this album sounds like it came from the editing room floor at Abbey Road studios and that's where it should've stayed!<br />On the brighter side, the singles versions of &quot;The Long and Winding Road,&quot; &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;Get Back&quot; are far better than those on the album. As an aside, to this day, I'll never understand why they let the album version of &quot;Get Back&quot; end with Ringo saying &quot;On behalf of the group, I hope we all passed the audition.&quot; Sorry, I'm missing something here. Anyway, Beatles fans would do well to skip this album and get their 1967-1970 complilation album that included these and other great songs of that era.<br />Given the overall weakness of &quot;Let It Be,&quot; I think the Beatles should've called it &quot;Let It Alone.&quot; Fans, take note.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I went to see Gladiator knowing that it wouldn't be historically accurate but expecting at least a good movie. Unfortunately, the movie dragged. If it had been shorter/tightened up it would have been better. The biggest surprise and disappointment was the bad visual effects. The transitions between computer-generated images and live action were obvious and sloppy. It would have been easier to forgive the freedom with historical fact if the overall effect was better. All-in-all, I was very disappointed with the quality of the movie. Russel Crowe did a good job, as did several other actors, but they couldn't save Gladiator from mediocrity.
B000056K04|4.0|PLEASE--- do not start (or even include) your reviews with &quot;i have been a DMB fan for...&quot; It just makes you all look stupid. It makes you of no authority whatsoever.  Although Everyday could be a bit stronger in places, it's an undeniably great record. One reviewer had the nerve to say Dave's singing sounded like 'cats mating'. You obviously have no vocal background. Dave is solid through the entire record and excercises his voice control so well in &quot;dreams of Our Fathers&quot; that it gives me chills.<br />I find it funny that you all think Dave is &quot;selling out&quot; when he is trying NOT to appeal to the masses. Ever occur to you that &quot;selling out&quot; would be giving you all yet another DMB record of the same material?<br />Think before you listen. Think before you judge. Think before you post.
B000059R8Y|1.0|I respectfully submit that this album was disappointing. The horrible background vocals against Claptons voice and guitar are a more tortured combination than Placido Domingo and Willy Nelson. Give us more of the stuff you are best at--blues with a raw edge. Remember &quot;From The Cradle&quot;? DOOO WAAAHHHP--- oh please. Too much froo froo.
B0000214F2|5.0|Patch Adams made me want to spray the screen with Lysol. Those are the word's from Chicago Suntimes critic Roger Ebert. When the movie opens Hunter Adams (Robin Williams) checks into a hospital. Where he finds the doctors don't help him, but the patients do.<br />He is assigned to a man named Dr. Prack. And his roomate is Rudy (Michael Jeter). Hunter mets a man named Arthur Mendelson (Harold Gold) who is staying there too.<br />So on day Hunter tells Dr. Prack that he is leaving. Two years later he goes to a medical school which there is a hospital in it too.<br />The patient is referred by bed number or disease, Patch asks &quot;What's her name?&quot; His roomate at the college name is Mitch (Philip Seymour Hoffman).<br />He aslo mets  another male student named Truman (Daniel London). There is also a felmale student named Carin (Monica Potter).<br />But instead of being serious about the whole thing, Patch clowns his way through med school. There is one scene, that his roomate accuses him of not studying.<br />In fact, we never see him study. Not once. How does Patch get these top grades? One of the school's dean named Walcott (Bob Gunton) doesn't like him and tires to get rid of Patch Adams.<br />But  soon Carin Fisher is killed by a man named Larry (Douglas Roberts). <br />Patch Adams reads a poem to her casket. Mitch starts acting nice around Patch. Is he doing that because the death of Carin?
B00002DEGZ|5.0|An excellent survey of Mozart's original piano concertos (5 through 27, the first four being pastiches), recorded between 1983 and 1988 and now reissued in a mid-price format by Archiv. Bilson and Gardiner are two of the luminaries of period performance, so one naturally has the highest expectations, although the more recent set by Levin and Hogwood does offer some serious competition. And, while the collaboration improves both in polish and rapport as the set progresses, these performances are sure not to disappoint. Following contemporary practice, Bilson plays continuo throughout, a touch which may surprise some listeners brought up on modern-instrument records. Similarly, Bilson's cadenzas could seem restrained to those viewing these works through the lens of the Romantic piano concerto, though he is also at liberty to ornament the written part more freely. But the delicacy of the slow movement of the 23rd concerto here needs no apologies, even held up again Horowitz's late recording; and often-- as in the cadenza to the last concerto, drawing upon  &quot;Sehnsucht nach dem Fruhlinge,&quot; a song Mozart composed around the same time-- the scholarship backing these performances up only enhances their invention and charm. An excellent collection, and an even better deal.
B0000508U6|2.0|Perhaps last year's greatest musical irony was that most of the critics who found Radiohead's stunning, atmospheric Kid A to be boring/pointless/whatever other misconception they could conjure up (the rock equivalent of player-hatin') seemed to be head over heels for Coldplay's Parachutes. This is solid stuff; good singin', good playin', and &quot;Yellow&quot;, hit or not, is a beautiful song. But what it doesn't do is take a single risk, and there's not a band out there who couldn't do four-stark-chords-and-passable-lyrics just as well, if not better. They're promising... but not quite there yet.
0385486804|3.0|The premise of the work is good (shedding light on the psyche of a young man who has turned his back on society) and Krakauer does a reasonable job of recreating Chris' (the young man) travels and state of mind from interviews and writings.<br />Roughly one quarter of the book consists of a mini Jon Krakauer autobiography and biographies of other &quot;explorers&quot;. Personally, I don't think this really detracts from the overall work, but some readers may argue otherwise.<br />The problem with the work is that the whole story is really blunted in the end when it is revealed that Chris didn't really just give up on life, but appears to have died accidentally.
0140434151|5.0|I really enjoyed this novel, as I do all of Jane Austen's works.  The narrator is an interesting character, making comments on the action and people around her.  I was surpised at how much the narrator disliked her heroine at the beginning of the story.  The growth of Emma throughout the novel gives hope to every spoiled child or even prideful adult.  My only regret is that I saw the movie with Gwyneth Paltrow (and even Clueless) before reading this.  I think I would have enjoyed it even better not knowing what laid ahead.  I highly recommend saving the movies for after the book.
630463949X|5.0|Fleetwood Mac was always a little too poppish for my liking, with just a few songs I considered really good. I took a chance on the DVD and am now a big fan. L Buckingham blew me away. Excellent work by all band members, but LB made it worth the money. I'd give a nut to be able to sing and play guitar that well.
6303212263|5.0|There is really nothing wrong this film. It's fantastic! The opening with Krypton is stunning and Marlon Brando is excellent as Jor-El. By this time, everyone should know how Superman came to earth, and the stunning SFX make the sequence really fun. The plot is relatively simplistic. Lex Luthor plans to drop 20 megaton bomb onto the San Andreas Fault, causing all of California to sink. This will allow the expansive desert he has purchased to become the new coast, hence, Lex will becom stinking rich from tourist's money. There is just one obstacle in his path : Superman, played wonderfully by Chris Reeve. The opening theme by John Williams is really breathtaking, and the flying efx are breathtaking even today. This movie is full of great acting, music, and efx. Truly, it is the GREATEST Superman film of all time!
0399146253|5.0|Patricia Cornwell takes us deeper into the subconsciousness of Dr. Scarpetta in her latest book, The Last Precinct.  As a health care professional myself, I enjoyed her great attention to medical detail. This book continues from her last book, Black Notice, and keeps you reading nonstop until the end. One of my favorites, the Patricia Cornwell fan won't be disappointed with this gem!
B000055Y0X|5.0|Can a more serious topic be made funnier?   I highly doubt it.  With such great ideas as a mad General, a drunk Soviet leader and a overly calm President Dr. Strangelove is one of the greatest comedys ever.  Kubrick does a wonderful job of making us relieve how futile worring is in such a situation.  See this movie before their is a bomber gap a missle gap or even a mine bunker gap.
0805062971|5.0|Well, like probably everybody who is considering the book, I saw the movie &quot;fight club&quot; first. Let me add that it was a good movie. Unfortunantly, even after seeing it a couple times, it left me with a few questions. The book clears that all up, and puts more detail into it. After reading the book, the movie makes way more sense. It makes the movie way better.  But the book is so good. I finished it in 2 days. That good. If you have seen the movie, this will just make it greater, and if you haven't seen the movie, go see it then read this book. Don't do it the other way around.
B00004Z459|5.0|I'm sick of this.  Limp Bizkit?  These guys are nothing like Limp Bizkit!!!  This has gotten pretty bad if every good band has to be compared to every other band, just so these so-called critics can have their two cents posted on every Rolling Stone in America!!  You can have your &quot;Limp Bizkit&quot;, and just because Linkin Park happens to play rap-rock, you can't compare them to anybody else.  They have their own sound, and they shouldn't be filed in any bins with Limp Bizkit, Reznor, or A Perfect Circle.  Next time you should criticize the band on how well you think they play, not how much you think their a bunch of Fred Durst wannabes.  I mean who would want to be like him anyway?!?  This cd is worth your money if you like just good, clean bands.
0425107469|5.0|This is my favorite Dean Koontz novel. The first time I read this, I could not put it down until I was done, 8 hours later! Dean Koontz is one of those authors that gives you every detail of the scenery, what the characters look like, etc., and it helps to visualize what is going on and what he is trying to portray.
B000056K04|4.0|Give them a break why don't you!  Some of you guys are acting like this CD sucks, and compared to what's out today in all genres of music you couldn't be more wrong.  I know it's different, it is a change, but didn't your momma ever teach you that change was good for the soul.  And this CD is good for the soul.  It let me tap into this group again for the first time.  I still felt the same talent, the same energy and the same heart.  Yeah, the songs maybe shorter, but the soul is the same.  Songs like &quot;The Space Between&quot;, &quot;So Right&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Dreams of our Fathers&quot; show us that they haven't forgotten where they came from, while songs like &quot;I did it&quot;, Mother/Father&quot;, and &quot;Everyday&quot; show us where they are going.  I love it, and you do to if you are real with yourself.  They've got Soul.
0061091480|5.0|I am 24 years and have read a lot of self help and psychology  books primarily due to my fascination for the subject. I first picked up this book when I was around 16 yrs old. I read it cover to cover then and put it down. It was amazing. Only later did I realize that this book is like a daily reference to living. Read a random chapter/page everyday or night and experience remarkable changes to your life. It will change the way you view the world. You will see that everything begins to fit in. In short, this book is a treasure...
0446608955|5.0|I loved Nicholas Sparks' A Walk To Remember. He's one of my favorite authors. I have read his previous work and this book is my favorite. I enjoyed seeing the world through the characters eyes although they are a jaded teenage guy's. The transformation and maturity is great to experience. I thought this was much more heartbreaking than even his other works. I've given several copies to friends and family to read. I hope Nicholas continues to write about young love and loss and redemption. I would love to see this as a movie too!
B00003CXE7|5.0|I don't know what these other people were watching when they said this was just a good movie becuase when I saw Gladiator it was a GREAT movie. And the Academy of Motion Pictures must agree since it gave Gladiator 5 Oscars including Best Picture and Best Actor (Russell Crowe.) It is a great epic film with sweeping views of Rome(should have won the Cinematography Oscar over that Tiger movie), and a good storyline. The battle scenes can be a bit violent, but NOTHING like the likes of Saving Private Ryan. This is perhaps the greatest DVD in my collection, and one of my favorite films of all time. The DTS sound is incredible. The Special Features will keep you entertained for days. If you are a DVD buff, you MUST own this movie. If you just love movies you MUST own this movie. JUST BUY IT!
B0000508U6|2.0|I was told that this CD sounds like 'Bends' era Radiohead.  I purchased it only having heard 'Don't Panic', which is good.  The part about sounding like Radiohead is inaccurate, and despite what people say, they don't sound like Oasis either.  Noel Gallagher was right about these guys, they are soft and so is their music.  That is ok, but this is no great rock opus as some critics have deemed it.  I would recommend 'Don't Panic' and 'Shiver.'  But otherwise this is mostly moody, sappy, and tame.  The lyrics are at times downright terrible.  If you're feeling kind of emo, go for it.
0345440757|3.0|This book gives practical advice that will help your little one sleep through the night. The author has many suggestions that keep everyone in the house happy and rested. Although beware of her unrealistic platform for baby independence! You really do need to spend quality time with your child, and Ms. Hogg does not advocate this. Keep your common sense in mind. This book is not the law, just advice from a woman with odd priorities.
0930289528|5.0|Alan Moore is a great literary figure who happens to write comic books, graphic novels and lyrics for rock bands.  He is a hidden jewel of a writer who has produced, over the last two decades, provocative and important work that draws together popular culture, art, magick and the occult, philosophy, fairy tales and mythology, psychology, surrealism, science fiction, pulp fiction and cosmic prophecy into one harmonious whole that is flavored by that Holy Grail of every writer: an original voice.<br />V FOR VENDETTA has a long and painful history (it's initial run in England was aborted before all ten issues could be produced) but I first heard of it in 1987 when it started to be printed by D.C. Comics.  I hadn't gone near comic books in over fifteen years and I was afraid of starting all up again, but someone had lent me a copy of SWAMP THING with the demand that I read it.  &quot;But it's SWAMP THING!&quot; I protested, feeling uneasy about spending my time reading about a radioactive sludge monster who fights villians.  Yet, it was a SWAMP TIHNG written by Alan Moore, and it was full of sublime prose, elegant ideas, sensuality, psychedelic revelations and gnosticism.  I was blown away, so when the first issue of VENDETTA came out, I snapped it up.  For 10 glorious months I read each installment as it came out and by the time number 10 had come, I was reshaping all my thoughts about literature, about story telling, about politics, society, culture, magick.<br />Part Orwell's 1984, part Phantom of the Opera, part Batman in Dark Knight mode, V FOR VENDETTA tells the story of an England under the rule of a fascist government and the journey of a young girl from street prostitute to rebel leader.  V. himself is a poetic twist on the Beast from Beauty &amp; the Beast, or Eric from Phantom of the Opera, a masked anarchist who moves about the fascist reign of terror with the ease of a neutrino unaffected by gravity.  Possible the result of a bizarre medical experiment in a concentration camp, V. is now determined to bring down the government and free the minds and bodies of the masses suffering under its own psychological oppression.  Fusing ideas from Wilhelm Reich, Aleister Crowley, George Orwell and even the Batman comic book, Moore has created his own Dark Knight, a far more mysterious and morally problematic one.  He carries upon his shoulders the weight of the world, attempting to bring light and hope to the darkness prisons where men and women are beaten and tortured for being homosexual, to the medical labs of the prison camps where Mengele-like doctors are operating without inhibition on dehumanized prisoners.<br />V FOR VENDETTA raises the bar on the literary value of comic books, taking the genre of Batman and Spider-man and elevating it above the level of fist-fights, action sequences and costumed villians into the realm of a modern-day political and magickal myth.  And towards the end when Evey the heroine watches the crowds in the street riot and destroy each other, she says, &quot;Is this your anarchy, V?&quot; and V replies, &quot;No, this is Chaos&quot;...in that one little moment, V. has made a distinction that is too subtle for most writers, far less the writers of comic books.concentration camp, V. is now determined to bring down the government and free the minds and bodies of the masses suffering under its own psychological oppression.  Fusing ideas from Wilhelm Reich, Aleister Crowley, George Orwell and even the Batman comic book, Moore has created his own Dark Knight, a far more mysterious and morally problematic one.  He carries upon his shoulders the weight of the world, attempting to bring light and hope to the darkness prisons where men and women are beaten and tortured for being homosexual, to the medical labs of the prison camps where Mengele-like doctors are operating without inhibition on dehumanized prisoners.  <br />V FOR VENDETTA raises the bar on the literary value of comic books, taking the genre of Batman and Spider-man and elevating it above the level of fist-fights, action sequences and costumed villians into the realm of a modern-day political and magickal myth.  And towards the end when Evey the heroine watches the crowds in the street riot and destroy each other, she says, &quot;Is this your anarchy, V?&quot; and V replies, &quot;No, this is Chaos&quot;...in that one little moment, V. has made a distinction that is too subtle for most writers, far less the writers of comic books.
B000002ULO|2.0|I understand wanting to like anything new by Paul.  But really five stars for this????  I gave it two just because he is McCartney and I'm a big fan..but really almost all of this is trite and not among his best work.  Little Willow, Young Boy being the exceptions.  To check out some of his best, look to: McCartney, Band on the Run even Back to the Egg. Still, it's too early to write the man off just yet. Run Devil Run was his best album in years.
B0001I55SS|5.0|A fantastical reimagining of \\"20,000 Leagues Under the Sea\\", in Disney's \\"The Black Hole\\" we instead find our film's heroes out in space, taking refuge aboard the U.S.S. Cygnus, a ship believed to have been lost until now. The Cygnus now sits at the edge of an ominous and mysterious black hole, crewed by robots and mysterious hooded figures, and captained by the mad Doctor Hans Reinhardt, who is determined to travel into the mouth of the black hole and beyond.<br /><br />Disney's 1979 sci-fi classic, \\"The Black Hole\\", is often falsely remembered as a box office flop, and it gets a lot of flack for its dialogue, two cartoony \\"good guy\\" robots (voiced by Roddy McDowall and Slim Pickens), and it's reportedly conceived at the last-minute finale. All the praise for this one tends to go to its stunning visuals and amazing score. And, I'll grant that the score by John Barry and the beautiful visuals throughout the film are amazing, downright glorious. This movie is candy for the eyes and ears, no doubt. To me, it's \\"Space Mountain: The Movie\\". And, despite being a huge fan and a huge Disney fan in general, I don't claim this movie is perfect. I don't really understand why some people have a problem with \\"cute\\" characters like the robots V.I.N.C.E.N.T. and Old B.O.B., or the Ewoks from Star Wars, etc..., as if there are no \\"cute\\" things in the real world or something. Frankly, I think if they weren't in the film it would be a huge loss. They are an identifying factor for the film and add the much needed lighthearted moments, and they have even more personality than the human stars, as great as they are. It's a heck of a cast, too, with Maximilian Schell as the mad Doctor, Robert Forster as the leader of the good guys, and his crew, Anthony Perkins, Yvette Mimieux, Tom McLoughlin, and Ernest Borgnine. And frankly, I think the finale, last minute or not, is what truly makes this film so great! It may not be as awe inspiring to some as the \\"interpret it yourself\\" ending of 2001, but in all honesty, that's not good storytelling. It can make for a good movie, but it's not a true ending to a story. While I can appreciate something like the more \\"artsy\\" ending of 2001, I appreciate getting a full story, complete with clear and literal ending, a bit more. Now, some people, even those who worked on Black Whole, try to act like it has an \\"interpret it yourself\\" ending as well, but that's a little hard to swallow. I don't want to blow it for folks who haven't seen it here, but it's very understandable and clear, and I think it's a brilliant idea that was beautifully and eerily executed. So, basically, to me, this movie is a pure delight. A total pleasure and not a guilty one, and vastly underrated.<br /><br />As for the Disney DVD release itself, it's a nice upgrade from the Anchor Bay edition I used to own. It has enhanced widescreen, a featurette that is essentially an interview with Harrison Ellenshaw, Matte Effects Supervisor on the film and son of Disney Legend Peter Ellenshaw, the man who was really behind the overall look of the film, and also an extended theatrical trailer. It's a fine release for fans of this truly entertaining and awe inspiring moment in Disney history.in all honesty, that's not good storytelling. It can make for a good movie, but it's not a true ending to a story. While I can appreciate something like the more \\"artsy\\" ending of 2001, I appreciate getting a full story, complete with clear and literal ending, a bit more. Now, some people, even those who worked on Black Whole, try to act like it has an \\"interpret it yourself\\" ending as well, but that's a little hard to swallow. I don't want to blow it for folks who haven't seen it here, but it's very understandable and clear, and I think it's a brilliant idea that was beautifully and eerily executed. So, basically, to me, this movie is a pure delight. A total pleasure and not a guilty one, and vastly underrated.    As for the Disney DVD release itself, it's a nice upgrade from the Anchor Bay edition I used to own. It has enhanced widescreen, a featurette that is essentially an interview with Harrison Ellenshaw, Matte Effects Supervisor on the film and son of Disney Legend Peter Ellenshaw, the man who was really behind the overall look of the film, and also an extended theatrical trailer. It's a fine release for fans of this truly entertaining and awe inspiring moment in Disney history.
B00000I4XR|5.0|This movie is slick, and it actually offered a few surprises, including several hugely entertaining performances. Yeah, the ending is kind of ridiculous, but Spielberg manages to craft a terrific ride along the way.<br />If this movie truly marked the beginning of the rise of Hollywood's blockbuster mentality, then it at least began that hike with a tight, well-made flick. Jaws is Spielberg's most influential movie, and if haven't seen it yet, you should, as its cultural impact is incredible.
0060977493|4.0|This unique tale of childhood in India is written in the lyrical prose of an artist, whose vivid childhood scenes set the stage for a lifetime of heartbreak. The child's perception is beautifully wrought from the experience of Rahel, two-egg twin of her brother, Estha. Living on the outside edge of family acceptance, the children attempt to divine a cohesive explanation for the circumstances of their young lives and that of their mother, Ammu.<br />  Roy writes compelling dialogue, skillfully rendering the innocence of childish perception, as the child assumes responsibility for the actions of mature family members. And when Ammu is drawn to a man of lower caste, the price for both the lovers and the twins is preordained. The most simple acts have stunning repercusions: the loss and deprivation of a sibling reaches across a lifetime.<br />  This story reads like a fable, much like C.S. Godshalk&quot;s KALIMANTAAN, which I drifted through in much the same way, not seeking explanation or definition. I became apprehensive towards the end, anticipating the loss of smoke and mirrors, but in a graceful coup, Roy gathers the ends of her tapestry into the language of love.  In her hands, a mother and her two children learn that everything in your life can change forever in an instant. But we are left with the taste of love, after all, the sweetest and most generous gift.
B000056K04|3.0|Make no mistake, I like this album, but &quot;Everyday&quot; certainly fails to maintain the complex pop/jazz/rock sound DMB had been perfecting and indeed growing over the last three studio albums. Everyday is slick, polished, catchy and even classy - but there are bands out there that make albums much like this. DMB &quot;did it&quot; but others do it better. If the zippy, electric riff opening of &quot;I did it&quot;  does it for you, I suggest signing up for some Beck -  they have this down to a T and with more spice and innovation. Do you fancy the raspy, more prominant vocals? - please pick up a Peter Gabriel CD from the late eighties, you'll be more impressed. Enjoyed the full, rock sounds of many of the tunes mid-sections? - well look to the mainstream rock bands - Goo Goo Dolls or Aerosmith even - those lads also really know what to do with electric guitars. DMB has entered a more commercial music arena filled already with amazing musicians and astounding producers seeking new ways to re-invent the pop/rock wheel. Well good luck.<br />The most interesting parts of the album are the first 15 seconds of each song, here, remnants of Dave Mathews' off-beat timing entangled vocals and guitar can be found, most songs drift fairly blandly into easy melody and blurred electrics. <br />Most dissapointing I think is the dissappearance of Carter Beauford - on &quot;These Crowded Streets&quot; the drumming was nothing short of spectacular, the out-of-time in-timeness, with guitar and vocal somehow created the most impressive and complex cohesion. My guess is that &quot;Everyday&quot; Carter was bored in the studio, tapping out 4/4 marching band time to accompany the uncomplicated  tunes.<br />I've read many reviews saying this album takes some getting used to, I feel the opposite is true. I found it good, easy listening  straight up. This more water-coloured album with washed guitars might even get DMB some British/Euro airtime - with fans of Travis and Cold Play perhaps. But then again when it comes to polished rock - these guys also, do it better. <br />This album definately goes on my frequent play list for a while, there is still enough clever lyric and good melody to please. But my heart will be holding out for the next album where I hope to be challenged again.
B00004TA41|5.0|In his final years, Coltrane became heavily influenced by the music of the jazz avant-garde.  A few short months before his death, Coltrane recorded the work which was to become the album Interstellar Space.  <br />Interstellar Space is not for the beginner jazz listener.  Admittedly, the first time I listened to it, I wasn't sure what to make of it.  But after listening to it several times, I am completely amazed at how powerful it is.  I still cannot believe Coltrane's intense and powerful sax playing and Rashied Ali's frenetic and thunderous drumming, especially on the first track Mars.  I am literally exhausted after hearing this album.  <br />If you're looking for something challenging to listen to and not just the usual jazz, then this album's for you.
B00004XOWM|1.0|He would have only one antler.  It would have green moss hanging off of it.  The other would have been broken off by another moose while it was pushing him down a big hill.  A very big hill.  He would have gotten dirt in his big moose nostril and grass stuck under his big moose eye-lid.<br />If not a moose, then maybe a fish.  One of those very skinny fish that look big when you see them from the side, but then when you see them from head-on, they are really skinny. <br />That's more like Fred Durst.  That's more like LB.  Looks big, sounds big, but really, it's paper thin.  It's like a moose with one antler.  Looks big, but it sounds bad with all that grass stuck in it's big moose nose.  It's like an adolescent male with adiposogenital syndrome.  <br />It's like a fish.
0790749998|4.0|Thats all i have to say. The story aint that good, the acting aint that good, but damn there are some nice fights in there, i almost took up Kung-Fu because of that movie! Oh, and there are some nice babes in there to!
B000002897|4.0|I'm not a huge fan of the Seattle school although I do think Soundgarden and these guys did something right.  Lanegan's baritone and the crisp guitar licks complement each other well.  Seriously, its an interesting sound which isn't really characteric of anyone else I've heard.  The songwriting is triumphantly gloomy and very atmospheric.  This album kind of lacks a focal point however, and for that reason I can't give it 5 stars.  Its also the reason why this album didn't take off when it came out.
0385311400|5.0|&quot;Time travel, not my cup of tea &quot; I thought when I first came across this book whilst researching novels set in 18th century North America.<br />I like my historical novels with a dose of realism, not fantasy. And , frankly, the rave reviews of this and the preceding volumes made me wonder.&quot;Drums of Autumn&quot; is the fourth in a series in which a 20th century Englishwoman is transported to 18th century Scotland, falls in love with a dashing native called Jamie , marries him, and has lots of adventures. But , as I found, not having got into the whole &quot;Jamie and Claire &quot;thing was no bar to enjoyment of this novel at all.<br />The sterling quality of the writing drew me in and never let up. How can it be that a book of 800 pages whithout much of a plot still seems too short? Gabaldon is an excellent storyteller who brings her characters - and their surroundings - vividly to life. It is a mark of her skill that she manages to make an existing relationship sound new  and exciting .(If you think that's nothing special, have you ever wondered why most novelists abandon their characters after courtship? As in life, so in fiction people find it much harder to sustain than to start new).<br />And the device of time travel succeeds extremely well in dealing with the dilemma of the historical novelist: the desire to go back in time and fix things, to apply modern thought to a  historic situation. We feel with Claire's outrage at slavery, bodily punishment and everyday cruelty, thoughts that would be anachronistic in a character of the period. Because she is a  modern creature, Claire can voice these thoughts, if not act on them.<br />For me, a particular gem was the deeply moving tale of another time traveller whose remains Claire stumbles across and who appears as a ghost to save her life. The story of his failed attempt to change the past and warn his people is revealed on the occasion of a visit to an Indian village, whose residents refused to believe his prophesies of doom.<br />Claire of course knows the future but also knows that she is powerless to change the past. If you could go back in time, who would you try to warn?
B00003OSU4|3.0|I agree with almost all of these reviews. The big disappointment comes when one sees the Playlist on the bonus menu on the DVD - and realizes just how many performers were NOT included in this film. I also feel that, with all these performers, less time could have been devoted to Louis Armstrong and Mahalia Jackson, and some other clips/performers used instead - or better yet, add another 20 minutes of performances. I can't rate this for Jazz, as my father, not I, is the Jazz afficionado. I'm sure he'll love this DVD.<br />For all, myself included, who thought the movie WOODSTOCK was innovative and groundbreaking ... well, this movie, released 9 years before the Woodstock concert, so obviously seems to have influenced Michael Wadleigh's &quot;script&quot; and filmwork (other than his use of split/multiple screens) that if Wadleigh had NOT studied JAZZ ON A SUMMER'S DAY I would be most surprised! For this reason alone, this film deserves a wide audience.
0451196716|5.0|I have been an avid Stephen King reader since my freshman year in high school.  I got a C in Freshman english (so don't ask me to diagram a sentence) thanks to reading &quot;The Stand&quot; in class.  I would forage the library for books similar in style and substance to Kings.  I think I checked out and read &quot;The Long Walk&quot; 4 times during high school, if not more.  I always had a sneaking suspicion it was by Stephen King since the style of writing was so close.<br />This book as always stuck in my mind.  EVERY time I go to the gym and walk on the treadmill I envision the 4 mph minimum speed for the walkers.  I try to imagine myself walking that fast for so long.<br />When the truth finally came out and the Bachman books were released I bought myself a copy and have read them several times.  The Long Walk remains my favorite of the bunch.  To me it is nostalgic but if you like King's work you should enjoy this book.
068818071X|5.0|Excellent as excellent can be. Three good reasons to read it: 1. nice descriptions of inter-familiar relationships, and how one sibling's strengths end up being taken as the others weakness; 2. only-in-your-dreams Luke, Rachel's all supportive boyfriend (oh, my, but what a lucky girl!); 3. light though convincing picture of addiction and coming to terms with it. Definitely worth it if you are looking for a complete and fulfilling read about family relationships, and how apparently normal and ordinary relations can get someone as nice as Rachel in trouble from an early beginning, and out of it when she finally perceives herself as her main North. Well-paced character development, makes you change your mind about all of them as you read along.  Great read.
B000034CCH|5.0|Herbie Hancock's playing on this album is just outstanding.  His solo on 'Aquarian Moon' inspires stupid displays of 'air piano' playing every time (even when I'm driving - so watch out).  Herbie, genius not withstanding, seems to have bad days along with the great, but this session is one of his best.  Bobby Hutcherson on the other hands never seems to have a bad session, so if you like his work here, then I think you can be confident of appreciating any of his other albums (Dialogue is my favourite).
B000001ESF|5.0|I first became a Rush fan about 1979 and have seen them in concert three times... having been to perhaps 100 concerts or more I would have no hesitation in putting Rush in the top-five best live acts I have ever seen.<br />2112 is certainly a classic and I would give it 5 stars for the title track alone.<br />As I got older my musical tastes started to change and I drifted away from Rushes music.<br />I got back into Rush in rather a curious way, I started reading the works of the great philosopher Ayn Rand... I later realised through discussions with a friend that Neil Peart (Rushes Drummer &amp; Percussionist)was a fan of Ayn Rand's work... in fact there is a dedication to her on the 2112 CD... 2112 1n fact seems to be based round the anti-force pro-individal objectivist philosophy of Ayn Rand.
B0000025DT|5.0|Overall, this CD has a very good collection of songs. For me, the one stand-out has to be &quot;Shangri La&quot;. The first time I listened to this was some years ago during a light snowfall late one winter afternoon while gazing out at the scene through a large picture window at my sister's house out in the country, a smoldering fireplace keeping me warm. The combination of the wistful song (especially the conclusion) and quiet, natural setting brought tears to my eyes. I must have replayed it five times in a row. No other song has ever had quite the same effect. Thank you Jeff.
0451523938|4.0|I read the book for a school project and i have to say it is one of the best books I've ever read.  Although you think Dr. Jekyll is Mr. Hyde, you may begin to question this.
B000056K04|2.0|If this was their first album, I never would have bought any others, and would not have even bought this one if I heard it previous to its release.  Its just not that good, and it came from a band that has proved they are capable of creating the best.  Maybe it's just a matter of opinion, but the lyrics really ..., and the music is nowhere near what they have recorded.  Maybe its a bold new step, or maybe they were sick of always playing the same sound, but to try and change what you are, just doesn't work.  &quot;I want to rock you like a baby in a carraige car&quot; ?  What the hell is he talking about, thats CHEESE.
B000002LFU|3.0|Released on election day,1988,&quot;Green was REMs first album put out in the glare of the mainstream spot-light,and the preassure shows.Not the preassure to live up to the commercial expectations set by the massive(and unexpected) success of the single &quot;The One I Love&quot; from the previous year,but the preassure to not &quot;sell out&quot;,and become the &quot;ordinary&quot; rock band it's loyal fans had always feared and loathed.Never a band to let outside opinions dictate the coarse of it's music,nevertheless here they tend to keep thier considerable pop chops in check,in favor of an &quot;edgy&quot; politicaly-influenced sound.It just doesn't suit them.Which is not to say that stompers like &quot;Turn You Inside-Out&quot; and &quot;Orange Crush&quot; don't have a certain forward rush;indeed these songs hint at a ferocious bar-band peeping from behind the sensetive-boho curtain.But the likes of &quot;The Wrong Child&quot;,You Are The Everything&quot;&quot;Hairshirt&quot;,and &quot;I Remember California&quot; are utterly interminable,droning on forever and going nowhere.REM never let itself become bombastic or overwrought at even it's hardest-rocking moments,but on these tracks,tender sentiments and heart-felt greivences are inexplicably delivered with a sledge-hammer.Thankfully,&quot;Green&quot; also includes one of the band's greatest singles&quot;Stand&quot;,a deliriously catchy sing-along that could redeem any record,as well as a beautifully bouncy untitled eleventh track that closes the album on a simple,pleasing note.Looking back,one could easily divide the coarse of REMs career into three distinct phases:the first was the &quot;Murmur&quot; through &quot;Fables of the Reconstruction&quot; period,where the band presented short,sharp shocks of expertly crafted folk-pop decked out in a dapper bohemian-new-wave sweater-vest,the second began with &quot;Life's Rich Pageant,and ends(thankfully)here with this album,with the band veturing into political arena-stomping and heavy-handed &quot;message&quot; ballads.Of coarse,the third phase(continuing to this day) is the one started with &quot;Out Of Time&quot;,released three years after this one,that more than makes up for the awkward miss-steps of the late-eighties.
0385484518|4.0|This is the message I get from this book.  Short story, pretty powerful considering this is a true story (although I think the author could have thrown in more passion or written it more touchingly).  Or maybe the genuity is what makes the book so well received, and of course I have nothing against a true and down-to-earth story over a dramatic tear-jerking story.<br />The message conveyed in the book is all positive - and I believe it's both soothing to people who are facing difficulties in life and encouraging to people who are lost in life and would propel them to establish new goals.<br />Last but not least, I highly recommend another more 'practical' book with similarly positive and stronger effects (and of course a longer read) - &quot;The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People&quot; by Stephen Covey.
B000001DWG|4.0|While not as astoundingly emotional and cathartic as Pearl Jam(thier spin-off group),or as blistering as Soundgarden,Seattle's Mother Love Bone nevertheless did thier hometown's deep musical tradition proud in thier lamentably brief time together.This album is actually a combination of two albums they did as a group,repackaged to cash in on the &quot;grunge&quot; hype of '92.It's a pretty neatly divided collection of Aerosmith-style rockers and beautiful,starry ballads(the band's strong suit).The most famous track on the album is probably &quot;Crown Of Thorns&quot; featured on the soundtrack to the 92 film &quot;Singles&quot;.It's an epic Zeppelin-esque rumination on time and death,hinting at the massive potential this band had.There are many great songs on here though,like&quot;Stargazer&quot;(a swooningly gorgeous love-letter),and&quot;Stardog Champion&quot;,all psychedelic swirl and guitar grind that ends brilliantly with a children's chorus.With the overdose of leader Andrew Wood at the dawn of the nineties,popular music lost one of it's brightest new hopes(but gained Pearl Jam;if there's to be any solace,it's that),but,thankfully,there's this great reminder of a brief but soaring career.
B000002L9Y|5.0|This is definately a great album. I love it so much just look at my email address! The opening track, &quot;Big Love&quot;, reached #5 in May 1987 and showcases Lindsey's fast guitar plucking and Micks excellent drumming abilities, and is very catchy. Stevie's &quot;Seven Wonders&quot;, reached #19 in August and is obviously my favorite. Christine contributes some excellent material also with &quot;Everywhere&quot; that hit #14 in February 1988 and is a very beautiful song. &quot;Caroline&quot; is alright, but I only like it because of Mick's drumming and the eastern indian feel it has. The title track starts out very quiet and builds up to great backing vocals from the band and great guitar work from Lindsey with an awesome solo. &quot;Mystified&quot; is a quiet and soothing tune and &quot;Little Lies&quot; (#4, November 1987) is one of the album's best and can easily can get stuck in your head. (not that it is a bad thing.) &quot;Family Man&quot; is very simple and was a very minor hit only reaching #90 in April 1988. Stevie Nicks's &quot;Welcome To The Room...Sara&quot; continues her &quot;Gypsy&quot;-like persona and and the rocker &quot;Isn't It Midnight&quot; is a good song with Christine on lead vocals. Stevie gets her ballading abilities in with &quot;When I See You Again&quot;, which is a good song, but could have been better if she hadn't been on cocaine or just out of rehab. The last track &quot;You And I, Pt 2&quot; is a short little track, and to me, it seems to be about friendship or someone you are close to. This is a great album but it this may sound crazy, but it really should be listened to only in the spring or summer. It just has that feel to it. This is definately my favorite Fleetwood Mac album. BUY IT!!! You won't regret it!
B00000IGGA|5.0|Although Tom may not have the nicest voice he has something that many of today's artists don't; that is emotion and soul.  This album is not very humourus so don't expect it to be, but the lyrics are orgasmic and Primus even makes a gurest appearance on Big In Japan.  If you like old-fashioned blues you should love this album.  Or if you like great song writting Tom waits is the way to go, [....]  Highly reccomended.
B000056K04|4.0|The newest album from the Dave Matthews Band is very different from their last efforts.  Alot of people are saying DMB sold out on this album. I must ask, what is so bad about selling out?  And what, in the first place is selling out, is it making an album that is totally different from all your other albums and risk losing the fans you have, or is it, as many people have said, making an album that sounds like pop music that uses electric guitars alot?  First of all, changing your sound and trying new things is not selling out, and neither is trying to expand your fan base.  And the other thing is that DMB doesen't get most of it's money from CD sales; there not the biggest live act out today for nothing.  The question of whether DMB sold out or not is a boring one, I don't care about it, as long as they keep making great music.  Everyday is a great album, in my opinion.  All artists have to change their art at one point in their career and alot of the time it is not a permanent change.  I wouldn't be surprised to hear the old DMB sound on the next album.  This album is very spirited and lively and the music on it is very creative and inspired.  There is a definite electric feel to it, Boyd's violin sounds electric on some of the tracks.  You can hear still hear evidence of the old Dave guitar work in many of the songs on Everyday, it just sounds different because its's with an electric guitar.  Dave was able to generate some great riffs off of his new baritone guitar.  Dave also wrote some great lyrics for most of the songs too.  The lyrics probably aren't as good as some of his best work (Satellite, Warehouse, #41, The Dreaming Tree) but they're still very good.   And you can't expect Dave to churn out song after song that just blows you away. The bad thing about this album is that the other band members should have been more included in the creative process instead of being session musicians.  Other than that this album is great.
B000001ESP|5.0|This is usually sited as Rush's best and most influential album,and deservedly so. Even if you don't like Rush, for whatever reason, you can't deny the musical genius and lyrical complexity that this trio possesses. On this album all that genius and know-how comes to a peak with outstanding results. You would have to have been living under a rock all your life to have never heard Tom Sawyer, perhaps their most well known track that begins this album. The first four songs are FM radio mainstays, but it's the last three tracks that make this album great in my opinion. The Camera Eye is probably my favorite Rush song, next to the epic 2112. The many different movements and synth-driven melody make this a delight to the ears, and it was also their last track over ten minutes. Witch Hunt is a powerful tune with ominous lyrics that may take multiple listenings to really appreciate. vital Signs adds a new dimension with a raggae feel and pulsing beat that makes it a fine closing to the album. Even if you hate Rush but consider yourself a fan of music, you need to purchase this and listen to it several times through. It just might change the way you think about music. It did for me.
B00005214X|5.0|George, Bobby and Eric left their contributions in this wonderful record. Who needs more?
B00004RHZU|5.0|I absolutely love this CD, I listen to it every time I am in my car.   Pink has an awesome voice, she is extremely talented. And has her own individual personality. I can relate to many songs on this album, she tells it how it really is!  And doesn't sing those fake a** teenie bobber songs like miss plastic Britney Spears,(blah!) who may I add has no voice.<br />Pink stands many places higher than any pop singer right now! I cant wait for her next CD... Keep kicking a** PINK!!! you rock!. Thanks for your CD.
B000059MEK|5.0|But if you're not, it still might be digestible. A lot of the songs continue what Daft Punk was thinking about in &quot;Homework&quot; if not in content, in concept. &quot;Homework&quot; worked around more of a singular dance theme, but &quot;Discovery&quot; is more of a complete, well-rounded &quot;album.&quot; A quarter rock, a quarter disco, and half house, this is for fans who dig what Daft Punk is about. Remember, this is the alter ego of two of France's premier house producers, Thomas Bangalter(Bob Sinclar, Stardust) and Guy-Man. But despite all this, the single, &quot;One More Time&quot; is an instant classic, not of just this year, but probably of this decade. Great vocals by house's Prince, Romanthony--a fab house producer in his own right.
0920668372|1.0|I'm a school librarian, and before that I was a children's librarian.  I've listened to many people discuss the way this moved them.  Judging from many of the comments here, it continues to do so.<br />I have always found this book to be one creepy story.<br />It starts off fine.  A mother sings to her boy when he's little, picks him up and rocks him.  She loves him forever.<br />Fine.  Very sweet.  I'm with the story at this point.<br />Much later, the mother is elderly.  The boy--now a man--takes his frail mother in his arms, and gently rocks her.  He tells her that he'll love her forever.  Then he goes to his own child's room, picks up his child, and, just as his mother did to him when he was a boy, whispers that he'll love the child forever.<br />Great.  That's fine, too.<br />The scenes in the middle of the book, though, have always struck me as something that meets at the intersection of &quot;Oedipus Rex,&quot; &quot;Hamlet,&quot; and &quot;The Grifters.&quot;  The images of the mother cradling her adolescent son are disturbing, and the image of her driving to her grown son&quot;s house to continue this nighttime ritual makes me hope that this man doesn't make his living by running a hotel in which Janet Leigh is due to take a shower.<br />These &quot;nightly visits by Mommy&quot; scenes also make the book's conclusion disturbing.  The father will now carry on this same ritual with his child, coming into bed even when the child has grown to adulthood.  These nighttime visits will become part of this child's upbringing as well.<br />Yikes.<br />I've enjoyed many stories concerning a parent's love for a child (&quot;Olivia&quot; and the Little Bear books come to mind, as does &quot;The Velveteen Rabbit.&quot;).  <br />If this book were the story of father's love for his daughter--a story of a dad who makes nightly visits to his daughter for coddling and nursery rhymes, even after the girl grows to womanhood--many more people would write about the creepy qualities of this book.  Sorry folks, but this book is a great icebreaker for a parent who wants to put the moves on his or her child.  Beware.
0790729393|5.0|This is one powerhouse of a film! It has some of the most excellent performances ever captured on film, and it is a wonder to watch! Although disturbing, this is a film that everyone needs to see. It has a strong message and will haunt you long after it has ended. Buy it. You do not want to miss it! <br />*Parental discretion is advised. Contains mature subject matter.*
B00003CXA6|5.0|I first viewed clips of this film while attending a leadership training course. I rented the DVD and watched the entire movie later. WOW! what an incredible film documenting examples (good and bad) of leadership styles and methods employed during the Civil War. For his bravery and on-the-fly, brilliant battlefield strategy (at Gettysburg and other battles) Col. Chamberlain was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. A true hero and great leader! A &quot;must watch&quot; for students of History and also for military officers (or business people) looking for a dose of inspiration as leaders.
0800141806|5.0|This is a very moving film about the effects of AIDS in people's lives and how they deal with it. Very powerful and touching. Tom Hanks is phenomenal and gives a very convincing performance in an emotionally charged film. Everyone needs to see this one. <br />*Some of the subject matter in this film may be offensive to some viewers. Parental discretion is advised.*
B00003CXGG|4.0|A SUBJECT  FROM HEART OF THE WRITER OF THIS STORY AND FOUND QUITE INTERESTING.<br />PRAVEEN PANTULA
B0000524CY|5.0|In 2000, 'The Exorcist' was re-released in theatres with added footage. I was a junior in high school, and a few weeks previous, my super liberal literature teacher had screened footage of the film in our creative writing class. DVD players were fairly new, and so he used the opportunity to showcase this new-fangled technology, and to introduce many of the uninitiated to a horror classic. The week after, I saw the restored print in a packed theatre, and spent most of the time viewing the film from behind my fingers, while gradually sinking lower and lower in my seat. It is one of the most disturbing experiences that I ever endured at a movie theatre.   Eleven years later, nothing has changed. For a film that was released in 1973, it has lost none of its power to shock. The story of Reagan, a 13 year old girl whose body is possessed by the Devil himself after playfully tampering with a Ouija board, is still a powerhouse of the horror genre. Ellen Burstyn plays the young girl's mother, an actress, as well as a devout atheist, who is forced to re-evaluate her faith. The film follows a middle-aged priest, who is undergoing a similar crisis of faith in the wake of his mother's death. Both Reagan's mother and the priest collaborate with an elder priest - played by Max Von Sydow - in a desperate attempt to perform an ancient exorcism ritual, which proves to be the one and only hope for the poor girl.   The film caused quite a stir upon its initial release. Reports of people fainting during screenings, as well as being institutionalized have surrounded the film for decades. Granted, the film is very difficult to endure, as it was for me upon my first viewing. There are scenes of such explicit power that many may have to turn away. This is understandable. There are moments that are definitely repellant, and the obscenities which spew from young Reagan's mouth are undeniably shocking. However, as I have matured intellectually and have gained more perspective over the years, Iam now able to view the film for what it really is. It is an exploration of faith, of the triumph of good over evil, and a film that embraces the existence, as well as the power, of God. Many of the films religious detractors have sadly missed the point, and while their reactions can be understood to some degree, to wholeheartedly disregard the film as nothing but pure evil is to misjudge the intentions of both the writer and director - William Friedkin and William Peter Blatty - who both claim to be devout believers, as they stand behind the film's timeless message.   Technically and artistically, the film is a marvel. Linda Blair is fantastic as the young victim of possession. Her performance is extremely physical and emotional, and must have been difficult. Ellen Burstyn is perfect as usual, and is the emotional core of the film. Both Jason Miller and the great Max Von Sydow are compelling as the two priests. William Friedkin's direction is taut, and you can detect shades of Bergman here and there. The writing is top-notch, and the dialogue is sharp. An awesome production.  If anything, the film causes the individuals who see it to confront their faith, and as a result, it should be praised.   'The Exorcist' is rated R, and is definitely for mature audiences. 120 minutes. Released by Warner Brothers Pictures. Starring Linda Blair, Ellen Burstyn, Jason Miller, and Max Von Sydow.
6302814782|4.0|In &quot;The Lost Boys,&quot; Jason Patric and Corey Haim play the two sons of the recently-become-single Dianne Wiesst, who move with her back to the small, coastal, California town where she grew up.  This town is unusual in two key respects.  First, it has a really cool amusement park.  Second, it is totally overrun by blood-sucking, demonic creatures of darkness and part time Jim Morrison fans -- yes, that's right, vampires.  Corey Haim becomes friends with the Poe brothers, Edgar and Allen, played by Corey Feldman and an actor who looks sort of like a cross between a young Scott Baio and Ralph Machhio from &quot;The Karate Kid.&quot;  The Poe brothers give him the lowdown on their hometown.  He disbelieves them at first, but later comes to call upon the vampire-slaying expertise they have acquired as professional merchants of horror comic books.  Meanwhile, Jason Patric has developed the mutually reciprocated hots for the gypsy-wild Jami Gertz, whose homelessness in no way compromises her considerable babe-ossitude, and who, it turns out, is a sort of vampire moll.<br />This movie combines humor and horror in an unusual, very successful manner.  It reminds me of &quot;Scream&quot; in that way, or the old Abbott and Costello horror movies.  The only problem with this movie, as far as I can tell, is that it doesn't deliver quite enough goods.  It might have benefitted from one more juicy subplot, for example.  That said, it's still a lot of fun, and it has a tremendous soundtrack if you can find it.   Two thumbs up.
0393312836|5.0|Fans of Ayn Rand's ATLAS SHRUGGED will no doubt disagree with me here, but _A Clockwork Orange_ may be the most remarkable man-against-the-State story ever published. Anthony Burgess's approach is in one significant sense the opposite of Rand's: where she tried to project a hero (and in my opinion failed; John Galt seems to be little more than a one-dimensional abstraction), Burgess projects a thoroughly depraved teenager and forces us to root for him anyway. It's not every author who can make you watch a bunch of gratuitous sex'n'violence and _then_ conclude that even great moral depravity trumps behavioristic psychology and mechanistic determinism.<br /><br />What \\"protagonist\\" (or Your Humble Narrator, at any rate) Alex does in the first half of the novel will make you ill. But what the State does to him to \\"cure\\" him makes his nadsat gang violence seem almost . . . well, \\"innocent\\" isn't quite the right word, but the fact that I'm even thinking of that word is an indication of Anthony Burgess's power.<br /><br />For Burgess, the important thing is moral choice, and the possibility of choice entails the possibility of evil. Once Alex has been \\"reformed\\" by the very latest techniques of behavioristic science, it's no longer even _possible_ for him to be moral -- and that's somehow more horrible than any of his own horrible acts.<br /><br />But Burgess stops short of making volition an object of idolatry. In the first place, he doesn't make any argument that Alex's actions were somehow \\"good\\" merely because he had _chosen_ them; quite the contrary. In the second place, even though Alex bears the full blame for all his depraved actions, there are hints scattered throughout the book that if he weren't living in a \\"socialist paradise,\\" he just wouldn't have been acting this way in the first place. (For example, both his parents are required by law to work full-time. They also seem curiously unwilling to discipline their son, or even inquire what it is he does when he goes out at night.)<br /><br />I read this book twenty years ago in an edition that had something this one lacked: a glossary. I thought I was going to miss it, but I didn't; Burgess is a fine writer and anticipates his readers' needs very nicely. If the meaning of one of his Russian-import slang terms isn't obvious from context, he works in a definition. (And there are a few glossaries available online anyway.)<br /><br />The earlier edition also lacked something this one has: a twenty-first chapter. I hadn't read this before -- it was left out of the American edition of the book and therefore out of Stanley Kubrick's film adaptation as well -- but to my mind it makes a better ending for the book.<br /><br />Sure, as Burgess himself admits, it's a little crude; we never actually _see_ Alex develop into an adult, we just suddenly learn at the end that he's growing up and becoming ashamed of his past actions. But the novel wouldn't be complete if Burgess hadn't introduced that final bit of irony: after all the State's torturous efforts to \\"reform\\" the poor misguided youth, in the end he just sort of, well, gets over it.<br /><br />Other readers may have different opinions -- and according to Burgess's delightfully snarky introduction of 1986, that's okay with him. And he almost sounds resigned to the fact (for it probably is a fact) that of all his thirty-two novels -- not to mention his nonfiction (including a fine exposition of James Joyce released in the UK as _Here Comes Everybody_ and in the US as _Re Joyce_) and a whole bunch of music -- in the end it's this book for which he will be universally remembered.<br /><br />He may be right that it isn't his best work, and he's undoubtedly right that it's a bit preachy. But it's undoubtedly the book for which I myself will remember him. And I'll make no appy polly loggies for that, O my brothers, for it's a horrorshow book with the impact of an oozy across the glazzies, and no mistake. This malchick and his droogs deserve a place in literary history.
6305308659|5.0|&quot;Pleasantville&quot; is a movie full of vision and potential, and it knows this, which is what makes it such a successful movie. From the start, the movie knows its themes and meanings, and that in order to be a hit, it needs to convey those meanings dead on while providing us with an engrossing story full of comedy and drama. In doing this, it makes all of these goals it sets for itself, portraying two very different ways of life to show just how powerful change can be in a society as well as in a person's inner beliefs. In watching it, I was first under the impression that it was going to be a flat-out comedy, and during it's first half, and pretty much during the rest of the movie, it maintains a healthy balance of comedy and drama, never becoming too melodramatic or preachy. <br />Teenagers Jennifer and David are stereotypical children of the nineties, endulging in dates and all-night TV programs whle their divorced mother argues with their father over the phone. The mother character is not important; she is merely there to establish the fact that they have a mom who lives with them. The movie may seem to be too teenage-oriented in its beginning, portraying their lives, but this is important in setting up the contrasts that will ensue when the story picks up. One of these stand-out contrasts is a fading sequence of classroom discussions in their school, and it's intriguing to see the many differences in the topics of today's classroom discussions in comparison with the ones we will see later. <br />The goods start pouring on when Jennifer and David have an argument over who gets to use the living room television (David: You can watch it upstairs! Jennifer: Upstairs? It doesn't have any stereo!), at which point their remote control shatters, just in time for Don Knotts to show up and hand them a weirdly shaped replacement, which sends them into the world of Pleasantville, a black-and-white television show of the fifties. Their arrival is a shocking revelation to the both of them, and David asks Jennifer to maintain the premise in hopes that they'll be able to go home again.<br />As they make their way through Pleasantville, all the contrasts start coming out, coming as more of a shock to Jennifer who, unlike David, has no background on the show's plot. Things like the use of their language are shown in a new light (no one swears in Pleasantville), as well as the fact that the people in the show live their lives like a script, never changing their ways, always sticking to what they believe to be normal, everyday behavior. There are characters who are seen in a different light, however, those who want so badly to break the routine and get into something more, like the soda shop owner, who has a passion for painting but only gets to endulge his hobby at Christmas, or the socially repressed Betty, mother of Mary Sue (Jennifer) and Bud (David), who is terribly unhappy in her marriage but plays along with it. <br />That's when things start to go awry, after Mary Sue's date with Skip, during which unspeakable things take place. Soon, Lover's Lane is a hotspot for this sort of activity (no one really can apply a name to what goes on up there), and as the routine of the show begins to change, things begin evolving into voluptuous colors, bursting into new life. People are taking on colors and hues unthought of in Pleasantville, which brings out the hardened conservative citizens who consider the changes to be associated with some sort of wrongdoing. Try as they might, those close-minded citizens are no match for the one that are discovering new and exciting aspects of their lives, and it soon becomes a lesson about the power of change and acceptance. <br />This lesson is taught in a wonderfully refreshing way. Just like the television show, Pleasantville is totally black and white, but when out-of-the-ordinary things begin happening, the affected people and/or things beginning taking on brilliant colors. This is a nice resemblance of the contrasts of conservative and open-minded people: people living a lie are basically trapped in the black and white of society, while those of us who have fun with our lives and realize our potential can appreciate the colors of life. This is one of the film's subtle approaches to its theme of change: the coversion into color will be seen by many as just part of the story, while those reading more into it will get the message. <br />Characterization is very important for the movie's plot advancement, and the filmmakers know this, which is why we have so many characters that are deep and have something special to say. Each character is a stereotype of a societal group: Jennifer/Mary Sue is one such character, who goes from being a boy hungry teeny bopper to someone who is just realizing their full potential. Betty is the most touching of the characters, the timid housewife who has always done her duty as a wife and mother, and becomes quite confused, but not inhibited, by her emotional attraction to the soda shop owner, whose passion for painting brings some of the most colorful flourishes to the Pleasantville canvas. The town's mayor is the hardened conservative, and since he stands in such a high position of power, it is easy to see why Betty's husband, George, is intimidated into foresaking some of his own passions and beliefs in order to fit in with the crowd. <br />The only thing that may come as a put-off is the lack of knowledge into Don Knott's character, who provides the portal into the show. There is never an explanation as to his reasons for needing someone to put into the character's shoes, so we are left to wonder just exactly why David and Jennifer are put there in the first place. This is a put-off, but not one large enough to keep the movie from achieving its goals. <br />The all-star cast is brilliant. Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon play teenagers David and Jennifer, with Maguire playing the show buff quite nicely and convincingly. Witherspoon is the more involving of the two: her character has a much deeper meaning to her, and since she goes through more of a change, our actress gets to show her ability in new and successful ways. Joan Allen and William H. Macy play Betty and George, who go through different changes at different points in the movie. They are a believable fifties couple, and both of their changes in character are heartfelt and filled with emotion. Jeff Daniels plays the soda jerk, who is quiet and speaks loudly through his artistic ability. Daniels brings out the best of this character, and makes this his best role since that of &quot;Gettysburg.&quot; And J.T. Walsh plays the conservative mayor, and does so with a sternness that only he could bring. <br />The story's message is simple: change is something you shouldn't close the doors on. It relays this message very nicely, with the help of its stereotypes and brilliant cast of actors. The visual feast of its story is something to be dived into with an open mind in order to enjoy the movie's full potential, and trust me: it's worth losing yourself for two hours into as complex and moving as this.
0451191153|3.0|_The Fountainhead_ is my favorite among Rand's novels; I used to have a very well-worn hardcover copy of it. But anybody who thinks Howard Roark is the \\"projection of an ideal man\\" is kidding himself. He's an interesting character -- one of Rand's most interesting, in fact -- and he serves well to make the one point she wanted him to make (that the ego is the fountainhead of human progress). But he's not an ideal man (even by Rand's own standards, but that's another issue).<br /><br />Rand's _Journals_ indicate that, like Danny Renahan (the \\"hero\\" of the unwritten work _The Little Street_), Roark was supposed to have been \\"born without the ability to consider other people.\\" In ordinary terms, he was a narcissist and a sociopath. And while a good deal of the melodrama in the novel is satisfying within the limited world of the novel itself, nevertheless in real life things would not have worked out this way for Roark. Nor would such a man have been able to design buildings suitable for human habitation.<br /><br />And don't make the mistake Rand encourages you to make (in _The Romantic Manifesto_): imagining what Roark would do as a model for your own behavior. This technique, like the novel itself, shows you only what things look like \\"from the inside\\" to Roark himself -- so it's no help if Roark's vision is limited in the first place.<br /><br />If you want to see such a character \\"from the outside,\\" I highly recommend Paul Theroux's fine novel _The Mosquito Coast_. His \\"protagonist\\" Allie Fox is every bit the genius Roark is, and also every bit as unable to consider other people. Watch what happens to him as seen through the eyes of one of his own children.<br /><br />And if you wouldn't ask yourself what Allie Fox would do, reconsider asking the same question about Roark.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Hollywood has always gone out of the way to portray life in the big city, or on the countryside, but the suburban lifestyle remained to be explored in greater detail. &quot;American Beauty,&quot; a script written by Alan Ball, would become the most praised film of 1999, exploring the ups and downs of suburbia through the eyes of one man. As boasted in the movie trailers, &quot;American Beauty&quot; proves that a comedy can be serious, and a drama can be humorous. <br />The film contains a large cargo of controversial issues, from drug use and dysfunctional families to homosexuality and sexual relationships that span two different age groups. In a time period where so many people are too timid to discuss these issues it is refreshing to see that a movie which is widely available to the general public is carrying all of these issues among its lines of dialogue and sweeping camera shots. Director Sam Mendes keeps the movie going at its own unique pace, bringing the characters to life with a top-notch cast and a superb crew. <br />Kevin Spacey is the ever-drab Lester Burnham, a typical suburban male who leads a monotonous, routine lifestyle with his domineering, real-estate wife Carolyn, and his emotionally-distanced daughter Jane. A typical day at work and a family dinner are among the many aspects of life shown through Lester's eyes. When Carolyn and Lester attend Jane's cheerleading performance at a school basketball game, Lester is suddenly thrown into a world of sexual fantasy when he lays eyes on his daughter's friend, Angela Hayes. This begins his descent/ascent, and is soon working out to build up his body for his new love and smoking joints he gets from his teenage next door neighbor. He quits his job, blackmails his old boss, and begins working as a short-order cook at a fast-food restaurant. <br />This is perhaps one of the most controversial films ever. But, it is also one of the most hauntingly realistic and powerful movies that has ever moved audiences tofeel such emotion for life and connection to the characters it portrays. Each scene has its own way of making us believe in the emotions that Lester is experiencing, and very soon, we are in his world, going through the life that he is living, sometimes laughing, sometimes crying, and sometimes bewildered by his actions. To be able to feel that deep a connection is the mark of a truly great film. <br />Kevin Spacey makes the most unbelievable character in history, bringing such hilarity and laughter to the screen, while at the same time making sure the audience knows that his character is being totally serious and sincere in his actions, and not doing it for mere attention. Annette Bening is wonderful in her role as Carolyn, who is the strong yet very fragile wife of Lester. She has a wonderful knack for showing her emotion, whether it be happy or sad, at all times of filming. The teenage actors, Thora Birch, Mena Suvari and Wes Bentley, are superbly rendered here, making the teenage aspect of the story realistic and memorable. <br />The film has a great deal to offer for all age groups who watch it. It deals with real-life issues in a reality-based setting, with characters who can easily parallel people in real life. It is no wonder that the film received the awards it did; it is a truly remarkable masterpiece that will be remembered by all for years to come.
B00003CXGG|3.0|I would say the movie is well madee and the action is good as it is jet li movie but the concept doesn't get clear till the end.
B00003CXFV|5.0|When a film about a Trial against a big Crooked Company comes out, the makers usually stock the film with Action, Suspense and Big Courtroom Showdowns. (eg, \\"The Rainmaker\\") But when such a film has to stick to the facts, it can sometimes be quite boring. (eg, \\"A Civil Action\\") \\"Erin Brockovich\\" is an Exception. It has very little Suspense, Action and Courtroom scenes but still manages to Excite and Entertain much more than it's Peers.<br />Julia Roberts is at her Prime as the Feisty Crusader for the People. Her Oscar winning performance is Perfect in every way. Honest, Touching and Sexy, she gives it her all. She is Well Supported by Aaron Eckhart as her Love Interest and Albert Finney as her Boss.<br />The Pacing is Perfect, providing plenty of time for Character Development, without ever getting boring. Steven Soderbergh's Direction is Right on the Money and Julia's Wardrobe gets a Definite 2 Thumbs Up. An all round Classic.
B000001E8P|5.0|This really is a priceless work, this is. The 5 star rating is often thrown around a bit, but you really can't find any reason for it to not be justified in this case. There are many among my friends who do not usually agree with my choices when having gained control of the stereo system, but I've seen this one satisfy the likes of many phish-heads, candy-ravers, hip-hop junkies and other hyphenated stereotypes as well. Even the most impenatrable of music &quot;experts&quot; can scarcely resist the intoxicating intensity of the Jarvis Cocker croon. It gets inside you with that inexplicable power that every great singer seems to posess. On that note, one small word of warning. Music often provides a simple, satisfying means of escape. It is my personal experience that this is not the case with different class. The title alone makes it clear as to what a number of the songs on the album are in reference to. In that sense, the album is almost too good as I find the topic hitting frighteningly close to home. Yet it is also in music that we search for empathy, and for those times when you feel your the only one in the world who knows what it's like, there's nothing like a smooth sincere voice telling you you're not. For times like that you'll scarcely find a better example of money well spent.
B000005PRX|2.0|My love for cats and penguins!  Michael Keaton still sucks as Batman.  Danny DeVito was basicaly the only choice for the Penguin so I can't hold anything against him.  Michelle Pfiffer can't act at all.  There are a couple parts of this movie that confused me.  1. If Batman found out that Penguin escaped from a freak show, why did we see that prolouge with PeeWee Herman throwing a baby into the sewer?  2. Why does Artic World let their penguins roam freely in the sewers without a fence to keep them from running away?  3. Why does Artic World have hundreds of penguins?  I doubt that a zoo would have that many penguins.  And don't argue with me about the Penguin breeding them underground because at the begining of the film he didn't have very many.  And last but not least, 4. Why did the people of Gothom name the man who lives in the sewers the Penguin even though they never met him befor?  If you ask me, this storyline would make a lot more sense with Killer Croc.  Michelle Pfiffer wasn't even one demensional with the character of Catwoman, watching her try to deal with the role was very annoying.  Danny DeVito was very good as Penguin but the costume was terrible!  Probably the thing that makes me watch this film again is the end with all those penguins scurrying about.  I can't help but giggle when I see them (I love penguins)!  If you're not a penguin or a cat lover then skip this movie entirly!
B00000JCOV|5.0|When i first heard of these guys, KoRn was my favorite band, and i didnt know what to think about these guys. I got the CD burned from a friend and it was awesome. So i bought it. I wouldnt exactly say each member is a &quot;master&quot; of their instrument, but they are pretty good at them. The drumming is a masterpiece. It is so great, and Joey and Chris really work things up. Shawn is only featured in a few songs like Wait and Bleed,Surfacing, and Prosthetics. The guitars seem to have the right distortion and tuning because i think they are great and go with the drums. The bassist seems to be a little shy, but his bass has the right settings that make it go with the guitar well. The Dj could have been a sampler if he had any talent, but if you've seen (sid) at workyou know he goes very fast. So thats why they dont. The vocals are really good. His screaming voice is great, and he has a good voice, and the lyrics seem to deel with violence, sellouts, hatred, and other things.<br />74261700027- an opening track in which it is a sample of different sayings 'the whole thig i think is sick'. <br />(sic)- the first real song. Its not a 'good' song, its just flat out heavy song that introduces the listener to what the whole band sounds like altogether. 8/10<br />Eyeless- My personal favorite. This track keeps the blood pumping and is very very heavy. the best is the drumming hear. 9/10<br />Wait and Bleed- a single that never fails to deliver great vocals, drumming, guitar, heavyiness,lyrics, and everything slipknot has on this CD. 8/10<br />Surfacing- a very heavy song with very &quot;catchy&quot; lyrics. The guitar are simple, as are the drums. 8/10<br />Spit it Out- a fast paced rap mosher flick. its also heavy. if you like hard heavy music with a fast paced beat, this song should be the one. 9/10<br />Tattered and Torn- My least favorite track. Its not that great of a song, its slow, and not 'slipknot' like. But i like the original on the firstCD, so i'll give it a5/10<br />Me iNside- A very good song. Another favorite of mine.The chorus is a good listen, but dont expect the MUSIC do be that great. 8/10<br />Liberate- Awesome song. This song is awesome. Its got a great opening riff, and its like Spit it out with the fast paced beat and rap style killer sound. 10/10<br />Prosthetics- A slow, yet creepy song, that later gets a you moshing!satan. 9/10<br />No Life- a good little guitar riff, and pretty heavy too. 9/10<br />Diluted- another freaky style song, but its heavier that prosthetics. 9/10<br />Only One- this is one of my favorite songs on the whole CD. Its awesome.9/10<br />Scissors- GREAT GREAT SONG. 10/10<br />If you like Korn, Machine Head, Coal Chamber, then get this.
6301562143|3.0|Michael Keaton was a terrible Batman (not as bad as George Clooney though)!  Batman is supposed to strike fear fear into the hearts of his enemies!  When I heard that they casted the guy who played Beetlejuice (that's right, Beetlejuice) as Batman, I couldn't help but laugh at him through the entire film!  Jack Nicholson was perfect for the Joker (he's got that evil but incredibly goofy feel to him, just watch As Good As It Gets to find out what I'm talking about), but the main problems were Michael Keaton and the lousy script.  This movie confused the hell out of me! Don't skip this one though.  If you do, you'll mis an incredible performance by Jack Nicholson.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is a wonderful CD.  Every song on this bright red disc is great.  After listening to &quot;One Hot Minute,&quot; I didn't think this was really the Chili Peppers.  Sure, there are the &quot;Around the World,&quot; &quot;Get On Top,&quot; and &quot;Purple Stain,&quot; but most of the songs are rock ballad-type songs.  Take &quot;Otherside&quot; and the title track &quot;Californication&quot; for example.  That is what makes this CD so good, the variety of the songs.  My favorites would have to be &quot;Get On Top,&quot; &quot;Emit Remmus,&quot; &quot;This Velvet Glove,&quot; and &quot;Purple Stain.&quot;  All-in-all a great mix of funk, rock, and cool(sometimes a little strange) lyrics.
6305364613|1.0|This has to be one of the most horrific bastardizations of Shakespeare that I've seen in a while.  I felt like I was watching bad Anime (there is some great Anime.. this was Mighty Morphin Power Rangers bad).  Juliet's mother was simply embarrassing.  The cinematography was good, but I simply couldn't stomach such horrid performances.  You really loose something when a duel is gunshots exchanged at a gas station.  BORE ME TO TEARS.  There's good Shakespeare and bad Shakespeare.  The latter is the reading of gracefull poetry.  Blech.  AND THEN.. there is this... a genre fitting with Evita.  A two hour long pile of human excretion.  Willy is a-rollin' in his grave.
B000002MTR|4.0|Some songs on this CD are really good (Warped, Aeroplane) and some are brilliant (Falling into Grace, Walkabout)  You ask then, why only 4 stars?  Some of the songs (not mentioned above) are really dragged out.  The beginning of &quot;Deep Kick&quot; has almost 2 minutes of Anthony talking about stuff.  Dumb stuff.  I have to skip it because it gets so boring.  Also, &quot;Pea&quot; is odd, so odd I must skip it every time.  &quot;One Big Mob&quot; starts out great, but cuts into 3-1/2 or so minutes of really boring filler.  Even though they sometimes try too hard to fill all 74 minutes of disc time, this is a great RHCP disc.
B00000JGEH|5.0|Lean, mean and efficient. Like its title-character, so is James Cameron's breakthrough film, \\"The Terminator.\\" Securing its status as a sci-fi classic almost immediately upon impact, it made a star out of a certain Austrian bodybuilder, introduced Hollywood to one of the finest blockbuster directors of our time and forever changed the landscape of both the science fiction and action genres.<br /><br />The film opens with a muscle-bound machine -- or a \\"Terminator\\" as they are more commonly known -- (Arnold Schwarzenegger) arriving in Los Angeles, strictly for business purposes. It seems he has been sent back in time after his creators -- the man-made machines that have taken over and enslaved civilization -- have exhausted all their resources in trying to squash a pesky pest in resistance leader John Connor. His mission: destroy Connor's mother, (Linda Hamilton) before he has even been conceptualized, thus ensuring victory for all machine kind. Soon enough the bad bot finds a thorn in his side, as the resistance has found a way to send one of their own, a solider by the name of Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn), back in time to preserve the future fruit of Miss Connor's loins.<br /><br />What is often forgotten about the film amidst its cultural impact is just how tightly-paced and well oiled it really is. There truly isn't a moment of fat to be found here. Keeping things under the two hour mark, Cameron crams just as much action as he does character into the film. Sure, there are action scenes galore and you can bet it'll keep you on the edge of your seat. Crucial to the film's success though are moments where the film breathes, letting in moments of social commentary and humor like fresh air at all the right moments. To be sure, the Terminator's pursuit of Kyle and Sarah is made all the more intense because you believe in them and are placed amidst the chaos via your own investment in the characters.<br /><br />While Schwarzenegger is absolutely unforgettable as the unstoppable killing machine, the film is certainly helped a great deal by Biehn's intensity and commitment to material that may have sounded ridiculous on paper. Hamilton plays it straight as the girl-next-door type caught in the crossfire. Shame her career never really extended beyond this film and its sequel, as she really embodies a character you want to root for. Of course, none of this would even matter if not for Cameron's knack for white-knuckled action and tension. Almost like John Carpenter's \\"Halloween\\" with a robot, the film is stripped down and singularly focused. As Reese states early on, The Terminator will not stop until Sarah is dead. Keeping true to such a theme, the film is intense from front to back.<br /><br />While there are certainly things that date the film -- some rough effects by today's standards, Linda Hamilton looking a bit like Joe Dirt -- it has held up remarkably well over the years. At close to 30 years of age, there are few films that have come along in its wake that can even compare. Even if you've seen it a hundred times, it still entertains like few films of its ilk can. Truly a bonafide classic, \\"The Terminator\\" stands in a class by its own. Be sure to look out for the equally awesome sequel, \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day,\\" but beware of the diminishing returns brought on by two later sequels and a well-meaning but utterly unnecessary TV series.<br /><br />**Review edited on 11/04/2012oppable killing machine, the film is certainly helped a great deal by Biehn's intensity and commitment to material that may have sounded ridiculous on paper. Hamilton plays it straight as the girl-next-door type caught in the crossfire. Shame her career never really extended beyond this film and its sequel, as she really embodies a character you want to root for. Of course, none of this would even matter if not for Cameron's knack for white-knuckled action and tension. Almost like John Carpenter's \\"Halloween\\" with a robot, the film is stripped down and singularly focused. As Reese states early on, The Terminator will not stop until Sarah is dead. Keeping true to such a theme, the film is intense from front to back.<br /><br />While there are certainly things that date the film -- some rough effects by today's standards, Linda Hamilton looking a bit like Joe Dirt -- it has held up remarkably well over the years. At close to 30 years of age, there are few films that have come along in its wake that can even compare. Even if you've seen it a hundred times, it still entertains like few films of its ilk can. Truly a bonafide classic, \\"The Terminator\\" stands in a class by its own. Be sure to look out for the equally awesome sequel, \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day,\\" but beware of the diminishing returns brought on by two later sequels and a well-meaning but utterly unnecessary TV series.<br /><br />**Review edited on 11/04/2012
B000002NFM|5.0|Just when you think an artist can't get any better...they do. Prodigy's music has grown since their time in England's underground techno scene, during which their first album, &quot;Experience&quot;, was released. Afterwards, they followed up with &quot;Music For The Jilted Generation&quot;, with some of the greatest techno songs ever released on there. This album shows how far Prodigy has come though, and how truly refined their music is. The whole album has the amazing feature of blending so many different styles of music. Hard rock and heavy guitars bring out the energy in &quot;Breathe&quot; and &quot;Fuel My Fire&quot;, more defined techno tracks like &quot;Climbatize&quot; and &quot;Mindfields&quot; are present, as well as &quot;Diesel Power&quot;, featuring the hip-hop vocals of rapper Kool Keith.<br />The purer techno sounds make up only a portion of the album, as said before, showing up in &quot;Climbatize&quot; and &quot;Mindfields&quot;. &quot;Narayan&quot; is also a wonderfully crafted song, with some great vocals by Crispian Mills adding to the effect. All three of them show the genius writing and mixing of Liam Howlett, the genius behind The Prodigy.<br />This album also goes to prove that house and dance music isn't dead and still has some hope. &quot;Smack My B**** Up&quot; is a fast-paced, amazingly crafted song with an Indian vocalist by the name of Shahin Bada contributing to the song's stellar performance. Also, &quot;Funky S***&quot;, with samples taken from a Beastie Boys song, is a great, faster techno or dance song.<br />As said before, &quot;Diesel Power&quot; is an amazing song which shows music that Prodigy hasn't dealt with on this level before, which is hip-hop. This song is just proof of how wide Prodigy's music range stretches, as this is a great rap and techno song at the same time.<br />The two singles from the album, &quot;Breathe&quot; and &quot;Firestarter&quot; are unforgettable. The lyrics are loud, dramatic, and well-written and just go hand-in-hand with the amazing music. This goes for &quot;Serial Thrilla&quot; and the cover of &quot;Fuel My Fire&quot;, which features some amazing guitars by Jim Davies.<br />All in all, this album is nothing short of amazing and is the best techno can really get. I can only hope that Prodigy releases their rumored new album soon, and hope it will be as brilliant as this one.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I've been anticipating the release of this album since the Bamboozled Soundtrack teased me with what was sure to be a rising, shining star.<br />India Arie's individuality, creativity, lyrical abilities combined with the uncanny talent of her strumming on a guitar sets her way out in front of the rest.<br />I'm gonna tell y'all I am really becoming hopeful that real musicians and real singer/songwriters are making a come back.  A well needed and desired comeback.<br />Only India can sing about the color complex and yet submit it as a love song on &quot;Brown skin&quot; ----- up against your brown skin, I need some every now and then.  Thats Love Girl....Thats Love.<br />Track 2 - Video (this is my favorite of all), is dedicated to all of us ladies who chose natural beauty over store bought, media injections.  Biggups to my dreadlocked, happy to be nappy queens.  We are appreciated.<br />Ready to Love - is spoken from her heart...been there done that, now Im ready to love.<br />Other favorites are &quot;Always in my Head&quot;, the danceable and fun track &quot;Part of my life&quot; and &quot;Beautiful&quot;.<br />Like your last track Stevie Wonderful.......Indie U R Wonderful, Beautiful and thank you for blessing us with the newness of YOU.
B00000IMTH|4.0|It's pretty obvious that Dio honed his style and eventual solo direction performing with Rainbow, particularly with this one and &quot;Rising&quot;. The collaborative song writing between Dio and Blackmore is hard rock brilliance surpassed only by the collaboration of Iommi/Butler/Dio in Sabbath. The title track - &quot;Long Live Rock and Roll&quot; is one of the few early 80's metal tunes that stands the test of time and is still heard on real rock radio today. &quot;Kill the King&quot; arguably influenced much of the speed-metal of the era with Powell's fantastic drumming and Blacmore's epic solo. &quot;Gates of Babylon&quot; is a trademark gothic metal tune which Blackmore/Dio typically do so well. &quot;Sensitive to Light &amp; &quot;L.A. Connection??&quot;  - Kick-arse, straight ahead, rock n'roll tunes - period. I wish Dio would have created a couple of tunes like this in his solo career. The only problem is the mid-muddy production. Totally lacking in low-end punch and high end brightness, the work sounds eternally captured on an old,dirty audio cassette. This would be a 4-1/2 star effort otherwise,in my opinion.
B000002URV|5.0|With it's deeply erotic and dramatic sexuality, Enigma's MCMXC A.D. is the soundtrack for those who use the confessional for purposes other than penance.  It's single, Sadeness, provides both a beautiful, meditative melody while at the same time darker discussions in Gregorian chant speak of Marques De Sade, the infamous namesake of Sadism.  If listening to this steamy track causes any guilt, just hit the forward button to &quot;Mea Culpa&quot; for a dramatic pleading of salvation.
B000004166|5.0|There are innumerable versions of the Mozart violin concertos available, and some of the world's greatest violinists have recorded them, but for my money Grumiaux's set is as fine as any.  His tone is beautiful, he is not too cloying as sometimes happens with these works, and he is a virtuoso when he needs to be but without the attention-grabbing manner of a Perlman.  Fine recordings, superb accompaniments, a delightful set.
0875847706|5.0|\\"Where do you want to go today.\\" \\"The possibilities are infinite.\\" \\"A new world.  A new way.\\" Just about everyone is talking about the opportunities that are available in the world.  If they are right, why (notwithstanding the lack of time) aren't more of us pursuing them?    <br />The Art of Possibility (Harvard Business School Press, 2000) is a wonderfully written, inspiring, and wholly actionable book of practices for living more passionate and fulfilling lives in connection with the people and world around us.  \\"Being with the way things are,\\" \\"speaking in possibility,\\" and \\"one-buttock playing\\" are just a few of the bits of wisdom packed into this extraordinary work.  <br />The authors, Benjamin and Rosamund Zander, contend that new ways of being, perceiving and thinking are required to thrive in our ever-changing world - a world in which we frequently can find ourselves \\"out of the boat.\\"  Developing these new ways requires the ability to draw a different frame around a given set of circumstances. Using metaphors, stories, first-person accounts, and personal revelations, the authors go on to introduce a dozen practices that can serve as different frames.  These include Giving an A, Being a Contribution, Leading from Any Chair, and, my favorite, Being the Board.  <br />Used individually or in combination, the practices can help redefine perceptions of what is possible and empower each of us to make every day perfect.  <br />While the book is written largely as a guide for personal development and creativity in any context, the concepts have tremendous potential for transforming the environment within organizations as well.  <br />I ardently recommend this book to anyone who is striving to enrich her/his personal life or professional effectiveness and/or that of the people in the organization in which you work.
B000004166|5.0|There are innumerable versions of the Mozart violin concertos available, and some of the world's greatest violinists have recorded them, but for my money Grumiaux's set is as fine as any.  His tone is beautiful, he is not too cloying as sometimes happens with these works, and he is a virtuoso when he needs to be but without the attention-grabbing manner of a Perlman.  Fine recordings, superb accompaniments, a delightful set.
B00004X0Q0|1.0|I should know by now never to listen to a rock critic.  Having read writers at Spin and Rolling Stone fall all over themselves over these guys and not living in an area where I'll ever hear ATDI on the radio, I took a chance on it.  <br />My reaction could only be described as immediate and growing disappointment in the product, anger at the critics, and regret for having spent money on something I may never listen to again, money I should have spent instead on the Rage Against the Machine &quot;Battle of Mexico City&quot; video.<br />Saviors of rock?  No way.  They are too unformed, and rock needs no savior anyway. There is nothing of the sense of going someplace new with someone who can see they way clear as with the firsts of Rage, the Clash, or U2, to give some examples.  This band is still trying to find itself, while the singer is trying like hell not to sound like Zack de la Rocha.  <br />Music is tough as an art, as a form of communication, and brutal as a business.  Magazines and record companies strain to meet the constant demand for the New, and sometimes an undone talent will be forced into the spotlight, as is the case here.  <br />This is one bandwagon I'm jumping off of.  I'm going to give the CD away to avoid the humiliation of selling it back to the store for  three bucks max... David Gomez Santa Fe, NM
B000001Y79|5.0|No Doubt there are no words to describe the band.  Me and my friends always listen to them they rox.  I recently got No Doubt &quot;Return of Saturn&quot; for X-mas.  I wanna get &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; like so bad.  But I have no money right now so I have to wait.  Everyone who likes No Doubt let me hear you scream!  Like I said before No Doubt ROXS!! Me and a bunch of my friends like Kaile Li and Chelsea Lou listen to it all the time we love to sing to Gwen Stefani's voice:)
B000002A3T|5.0|This is the best post-Roger Waters Pink Floyd production to date.  With Gilmour at the helm, this album adds some classic songs to the Floyd repertoire.<br />&quot;Poles Apart&quot; is perhaps the most memorable song on the CD.  It combines the lyrical touch of Gilmour's guitar with the typical melancholy timbre of his voice.  &quot;Keep Talking&quot; features a cameo appearance of none other than the [computer] voice of Stephen Hawking;  the Lucasian professor of mathematics @ Cambridge university.  &quot;High Hopes&quot;  portrays the bitter falling out (understatement) between Gilmour and Waters.  The fans of the Floyd who have kept up on the politics of the Floyd will appreciate this one.<br />For aficionados of the Floyd, I am sure I need not give any urging to buy this album, as all of you already have it in your collection.  For the rest of the people who may be either unfamiliar with the band, or only have a peripheral interest in them, this is a can't miss buy.
B000002UQJ|5.0|If you think &quot;Band on the Run&quot; is the best post-Beatles McCartney, this is the best post-&quot;Band on the Run&quot;.The band sounds very tight, everyone sounds in top form. If you liked &quot;Paul is Live&quot;, check this out for most of the non-Beatles tunes on that album. Also, &quot;Peace in the Neighborhood&quot; is certainly one of Paul's ten-best songs ever, regardless of band affiliation. Other reviewers best describe the other gems on this record.
0738203335|5.0|I found Rebel Code to be riveting.  I loved his account of the complicated interactions between many of the great code hackers of our time.  In truth, reading this book gave me insight into the fragility, and the resiliency of open source.<BR><BR> If you are interested in the elaborate history of open source projects such as emacs, gcc, linux, perl, etc... then this is the book for you.
B00003CXDG|1.0|This movie has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen!  I am a big fan of action movies, and anything that is similar to James Bond with cool gadgets and cool cars.  I understand that some movies will have portions that are unrealistic and difficult to believe.  This movie takes that to a whole new level.  There is not one thing in in this movie that is believable.  They could have made some part of it where an average person could have done one thing in this movie.  The acting is terrible, the action is way over done.  By the time you get to the end you just want it to be over so you can say you watch.  Honestly, I say don't even waste your time renting it like I did on Pay Per View.  But at least see it before you buy it.  I could never recommend this to anybody.
B00004Y6NW|5.0|A classic of its type. It has everything: a new sound (actually not as new in 1977 as we all thought), a new voice and that amazing beautiful guitar! No heavy overdriven guitar for Knopfler just beautiful lines that just go on and on. Excellent songs - all actually about something too - not just wishy-washy love or pain. A real craftsman. The band are just wonderful too - particularly Pick Withers the drummer. It was a totally different band when he left. I see this disc has been remastered, but one has to wonder why - the original had just perfect sound to my ears. No digital-every-sonic-space-filled-with-sound sensibility and wonderful analogue tones. This is one of the best guitar albums ever and with &quot;Communique&quot; makes a wonderful diptych.
B00003CXP1|5.0|A friend of mine dragged me to see this after he had seen it the day before.  He was completely ecstatic about it, saying it was his new favorite movie, and that I just HAD to see it.  So I went in with next to NO expectations.  What followed next was an hour and forty minutes of pure insanity.  I knew I was in trouble when my friend said that they &quot;should have installed seatbelts in the theatre for this movie&quot;.  But that was an understatement.  This movie starts with a bang, the score instantly drawing you in, and never lets up.  The director applys UNHEARD OF tactics to this film that help make it the most jarring, disturbing film that I have ever witnessed.  The message is mainly about addiction and the effects it has on the mind and body.  There are four leads and they are all connected.  We get to see what happens to them, over the course of a year, as they spiral downward into their own personal hell.  At times, it is extremely difficult to watch and we get to know the characters so well that we actually feel their pain.  It's like wathing this happen to your best friend.  I just wanted to jump on the screen and do something to help.  Like I said before,  music plays a very large part and in the final fifteen minutes,  you will be on the edge of your seat, in tears.  The intensity is so real.  When the final credits rolled,  I was too devastated to move.  Everyone just sat there, silent.
B00004Y6NT|5.0|A very similar set of songs and the same sound as for the first album, but that is just fine with me. Sometimes I think I even prefer this to &quot;Dire Straits&quot;. Marvelous melancholy tracks too - and superb guitar - &quot;Angel of Mercy&quot; comes immediate mind here as does &quot;Where do you think you're going?&quot;. Then there is the kind of bluesy shuffle of &quot;Once upon a time in the West&quot; and &quot;Communique&quot;. The single &quot;Lady Writer&quot; is excellent too although, like many, I was taken back by hearing Knopfler's same repetitive lick from &quot;The Sultans of Swing&quot; reappearing in the solo to this track. Another great record and one I never get tired of hearing. Once again the original recording was absolutely first class so I am not convinced this new mastering will be any improvement - it might even be worse.
B000002TQV|5.0|Yes, this album has everything.  I would reccommend this to everyone.  It is a brilliant showcase of Radiohead's ability to create arena/anthem rock that everyone can relate to.  They can do all of this and still not fall victim to the mainstream.  Many have said that this is Radiohead's best.  While I think it is great, It is not my favorite.  My favorite is a close tie between Ok Computer and Kid A. The lyrics on The Bends are much more complex and meaningful than those on Pablo Honey.  If you're just now discovering Radiohead,  (good for you) I reccommend that this be your first buy.
6304808038|5.0|Okay, this is the serious stuff here. Movies like Sleuth are the reason I love movies -- the reason anybody should love movies, now that I think of it. Why, you ask? Well, the reasons are numerous. First off, I'm a sucker for a well-adapted film version of a stage play -- Oleanna springs immediately to mind, as do Look Back In Anger (the Richard Burton version), Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (again because of Burton, and what a shame he didn't get the Oscar he so richly deserved), and Branagh's stunning Henry V (the promise of which K. B. has been trying, and mostly failing, to live up to ever since), as well as about a dozen others I haven't the space to mention. Sleuth, adapted by Anthony Shaffer from his own play, stands right up there with those films. It helps that Shaffer has an idea of what a good screenplay should be -- he has a fine visual sense, as witness the first meeting between Olivier and Caine, shifted from the house's interior to the wonderful topiary maze, which sets the mood, provides moments of both humor and suspense, and establishes character, all in a span of a few minutes. Of course, I've no doubt that director Mankiewicz had a hand in this fine sequence as well, but in any event I've rarely seen such a nicely-handled piece of visual foreshadowing in any film. <br />I will not spoil the plot for you -- that would be unfair, even cruel. It's far better, where this film is concerned, to allow the viewer to watch the events unfold on his/her own, and to be completely dazzled by them. I will say that Sleuth is about games, games of every type and stripe, from the subtlety of chess to the pretend (or is it pretend?) brutality of cops and robbers. There are several games being played in Sleuth, sometimes more than one at the same time, and just when you think you've learned the rules of one, you find that not only have the rules changed, you're not even playing the same game any longer. All this is a roundabout way of saying that Sleuth is as delightful as the best sleight-of-hand magic trick, as intellectually rigorous as Arthur Conan Doyle's most dexterous Sherlock Holmes stories, and more wantonly, gleefully devious with its audience than the great Hitchcock ever dreamed of being (with the exception of Psycho, of course, but that's a review for another time!). Sleuth pulls the wool over your eyes so many times, and in so many ways, that even when you think you know what's going on, you don't. Behind each mask is another mask, behind each truth is the lie from which it grows...and each new surprise is delivered with Macchiavellian subtlety and nitroglycerine force. Ah, but I wax rhapsodic; excuse me. Onward:<br />As to the performances of the actors -- what can I say except, BRAVO! There is nothing on God's green earth like watching two supremely talented actors &quot;going at it,&quot; so to speak -- playing roles to the hilt, with such verve and energy that you lose yourself totally in the delight of it. Such is the joy of watching Michael Caine and Sir Laurence perform in Sleuth. Two moments in particular stand out in my mind, for very different reasons. First is the sequence where the two literally play &quot;dress-up&quot;, trying on costumes in Olivier's basement, camping it up to beat the band and having a high old time doing it. (I love Caine with the slap shoes: &quot;I always wanted a pair of these!&quot;) The whole thing is so deliciously silly it puts me in tears of laughter, no matter how many times I see it. The second moment is the scene on the staircase (near the end of what would be Act One in the play), which pulls the rug out from under you, and sets you up for more of the same later on. Caine and Olivier here achieve something so incredible, so intensely-felt and riveting, that words fail me (for once). Caine has gone on record as saying that he was petrified by the idea of having to hold his own with Sir Laurence -- his fear must have served him admirably in this scene.<br />Two finalnotes: the most underrated aspect of this film is Mankiewicz's able, artful direction -- simply because it's also so unobtrusive. One might think, given the rich script and fine actors, all he had to do was just point the camera and shoot. Not so. Any director who can do what Mankiewicz did here is not just brilliant but a genius. Second, I would also be remiss if I didn't single out the wonderful performance of Alec Cawthorne, who takes a minor role and makes it the equal of the two leads. And those of you who know Cawthorne's other work will agree with me that this is his finest moment. (You there in the back, stop laughing.) Of course, fans of this movie will get the joke right away -- please don't spoil it for those who haven't! Cawthorne is the best surprise in Sleuth, a movie with no small store of surprises to begin with. It will fool you completely, and you will love every second of it.
B000002UR7|3.0|I bought this album back when I was thirteen because I thought &quot;creep&quot; was good.  As it turned out, this album was a pretty good buy.  Lots of guitar-driven anthem rock.  I still dig it a lot but when I compare it (more like &quot;try&quot; to compare it) to later albums, it just doesn't match.  No,  they don't sound like the same band.  Radiohead has evolved into something else.  ALMOST a &quot;way of life&quot;.  On this album, there wasn't even a hint of what was to come.  They are truly a musical phenomena.  And that it is most certainly NOT and overstatement.
B00004RE7C|2.0|Given that Kirk &amp; Co. already know where Spock is, it's not much of a &quot;Search.&quot;
B000002UJQ|5.0|This was my favorite album for a long time.  That is, until Kid A came along.  Now I'm having difficluty deciding.  (like I really need a favorite anyway) This is a wonderful concept album that blends together beutifully while filling your head with all sorts of beutiful imagery.  It has really stuck with me and this is what makes Radiohead my favorite band.  I won't bore anyone to death with a track by track dissection of this album.  All I'm going to say is &quot;buy it&quot; and let the rest be history.
B000000WG3|4.0|Band line-up in this one: Gary Moore- guitar &amp; vocals / Neil Carter - keyboards / Bob Daisley - bass. Produced by Peter Collins. The drums are made entirely by electronic devices. It's a great record, with meaningfull lyrics, great choruses, great solos. All the tunes are real cool. Gary is at top form here.
B000001Y79|5.0|I bought this album after hearing (and loving)&quot;Spiderwebs&quot; and &quot;Don't Speak&quot; on the radio. I fell in love with it the first time I heard it. The only song that is not too good is &quot;World Go Round&quot;, but all the other songs are just too good to drag the record along. My other faves on the album include &quot;Sixteen&quot;, &quot;Different People&quot; and the title track. Sadly, thier other albums can't compare to this one. If you only buy one No Doubt album, this is it! This is one of the best CD's I own (Melanie B.'s &quot;Hot&quot; is the other)and I absolutely adore it. Get ready for a great ride through a &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;!!:)
B000002UAR|5.0|I believe this was a very good album. It has songs for anybody because all of the songs are different. We have the rockers such as Taxman (Harrison) and the touching songs such as Eleanor Rigby (Lennon/McCarney) and For No One (Lennon/McCartney). There are haunting ones such as I'm Only Sleeping (Lennon/McCartney), Tomorrow Never Knows (Lennon McCartney), Love You Too (Harrison) and She Said She Said (Lennon/McCartney). To the childish lyrics of Yellow Submarine, the gentle ballads of Here, There and Everywhere. The brass on Got to Get you Into My Life (Lennon/ McCartney) and the heavy discription on I Want To Tell You (Harrison), And Your Bird Can Sing (Lennon/McCartney), and Good Day Sunshine (Lennon McCartney) (One of my perosnal favorites):). This has songs for all music lovers. It started a new era to Beatles music and was named the number 1 album of the century by Fox news chicago and MTV. If you get this album, it will be a choice you won't regret. This is an album you will want to revolve all day on your record, tape, or cd player!
B000056NX4|2.0|Recently released in the US, after a year of waiting was the 'revised' Jesus Christ Superstar Production. Now, those of you who were lucky enough to see the revival on Broadway at the Ford Center, know what kind of a powerful, moving, disturbing and quite serious production it was. The critics ripped it to shreads...I saw it 8 times (including the first Preview and Opening Night...And...believe me, Mr. Andrew Lloyd Webber is a very, very ugly man)...so you figure it out. This new video, a combination of the stylish handiwork of director Gayle Edwards' Broadway and European versions of JCS 2000. And if you did see the Broadway version...stick to your memories, because this video won't help them at all.<br />Let me start by asking, is it offensive when I say, I couldn't wait for Judas to hang himself?? Jerome Pradon (Judas) is an actor of very limited resources. Ok, let me be blunt...he can't sing or act. How he got cast in this version, I don't even think he knows. His singing voice makes you want to fast forward. Now, I'll never forget my seventh time seeing JCS 2000 on Broadway. After the show, I turned to my boyfriend at the time, and said, &quot;Isn't that cute, Glenn Carter tried to act this time!&quot; He should stick to singing. When he tries to act out emotion or anything else, it just spoils the illusion. He is a great Jesus, and projects Gethsemane quite well, but he is not the caliber star that should be playing Superstar. Mary...I'll be nice...and skip over her very quickly. Pilate was depicted quite possibly the best I have ever seen him. Fred Johanson sings Pilate's Dream with such emotion that he does bring himself to tears. It was quite moving. He played the character, always showing, that he did not want to crucify Jesus. He shows the constant struggle with the character. Pilate, as I've said over and over again, is the all-time Tragic Hero. And Mr. Johanson portrays this statement very well indeed. The Trial was not quite intense as on Broadway (Bythe time the lashed ended, I was a hysterical mess! I jumped every time Jesus was lashed!! :-) was it got the point across. Now, King Herod...what the hell was up with that?? I'm assuming Rik Mayall must be a big name somewhere, because he destroyed this part. The guy can't sing to save his life, and added to the destruction of the video. And last but certainly not least...the High Priests. Caiaphus (played by Frederick B. Owens, as on Broadway) added the same spark and dark undertones to the part. Nobody beats Freddy! And Annas...quite interesting...the character was always around...like on Broadway...but a completely different physical appearance. If you were lucky enough to see the Broadway version of JCS 2000...And see Jason Pebworth (or his replacement for Judas, Tony Vincent), Glenn, Maya Days, Kevin Gray, Paul Kendal, Frederick and the absolutely amazing Ray Walker (as Annas)...then you were in for the real treat.<br />Overall...thumbs down...Between Cats, Joseph and now JCS...I'd hate to see what Sunset is going to turn out to be like...:-(
B000002UBB|5.0|1976 was an extraordinary year for big-selling American AOR albums: 'Fleetwood Mac' (containing 'Rhiannon'), 'Frampton Comes Alive', Boston's record-breaking debut ... and this.  Although clocking in at a fraction over than 38 minutes, Miller could have released it as a double album.  The band laid down 22 tracks during the '...Eagle' sessions; many of those remaining would be used for the 'Book of Dreams' follow-up, in some ways an even better album than this.<br />Although Miller performed the occasional concert in the UK, he was strangely anonymous to the British public.  To many, he is simply the man behind 'The Joker' and 'Abracadabra'.  Even most of those who had bought '...Eagle' and 'Book of Dreams' knew nothing about the man.  Miller had the status of a 'guitar hero', and yet there are next to no guitar solos on most of his albums.<br />Only Miller could rhyme 'northern California' with 'girls are warm yeah'.  No lyric sheet is enclosed, by the way!  The music is utterly classic, but the lyrics lack a certain something: 'ask my baby what she wants to be, she says a monkey in a tree'.  Miller was always playful, but he knew how to write high-quality three-minute songs which were perfect for FM radio.<br />The riff on 'Rock'N'Me' is very close to Free's 'All Right Now', and Miller says he nearly chucked it from the album.  Thankfully he didn't -- it was the album's worldwide chart-topping single.  But the track had been written specifically as a crowd-pleaser for a 1975 concert at Knebworth, for an audience who would be largely unfamiliar with 99% of his material apart 'The Joker'.<br />It's virtually impossible for me to pick out the best track from an LP I've known for 25 years.  I love Miller's synthesiser doodles, particularly on 'Blue Odyssey'.  I guess the title track is the stand-out -- it was a little too long to be played to death by the FM stations.<br />You can certainly enjoy this album on its own, but it seems a shame to ignore its twin, 'Book of Dreams'.  Now that DOES have a guitar solo (Les Dudek on 'Sacrifice') and it is some solo.Dreams'.  Now that DOES have a guitar solo (Les Dudek on 'Sacrifice') and it is some solo.
B000059RL3|5.0|Thankfully you can!! The best soul album ever recorded has just got better.This 2 disc set is well worth buying even if you have the original at home.It has a remasterd version of the album and the original mix(which stands out on its own)on disc one.Disc two contains Marvins live performance at the Kennedy center in 1972 (Im listening to this as I write) and it is awesome. Marvin may have been a bit rusty with singing live but all his soul and passion still stands out, what an amazing voice!!!  The booklet with these cds is excellent with a foreward by Smokey Robinson stating it is the greatest soul album ever, I cant argue with this statement. As Marvin said:&quot;Something happend to me during that period.I felt the strong urge to write music and to write lyrics that would touch the souls of men.And in that way I thought I could help.&quot; Marvin has touched my soul with an album that seems to get more relevant to the problems the world faces the older it gets. Go out and buy this and give your old copy to someone who has never heard this album before.Ive got to stop otherwise Ill go on forever about this amazing album
B000001DYJ|5.0|I've been a KISS fan since an early age. Can't claim to own everthing they've released but I have most of it. When they put out Crazy Nights I thought &quot;Uh oh, this is bad - really, really BAD&quot;. I ignored the band in subsequent years but someone recommended Alive III to me and I'm glad they did. <br />Alive III is classic KISS in their natural element - on stage and on fire! It's hard to describe in print the sheer explosiveness of this record. In terms of sound quality it blows Alive! and Alive II out of the water, even though it doesn't match them in terms of content. However when Alive III is good it is purely awesome. The opening salvo of &quot;Creatures..&quot; and &quot;Deuce&quot; is nothing short of thrilling. In fact the pyro going off at the outset of &quot;Creatures...&quot; momentarily drowns out everthing else - now that's KISS! Other highlights include &quot;Watchin' You&quot;, &quot;I Still Love You&quot;, &quot;Detriot...&quot; and even &quot;I Was Made For Lovin You&quot;, which is transformed in the live setting into a disco monster!! <br />The whole record is absolutely stunning and puts to rest the horrible ghosts of Crazy Nights and Hot In The Shade for good. This is the record that will restore your faith in KISS, live or otherwise. This is an absolute must for any KISS collection. Buy it immediately.
B00004RGUU|5.0|Who could not love this film? While it is a great western it's also so much more. The dry humor, the action, the love story nesteled into the great plot. The best scene HAS to be when they decide leave their lives of crime for a while and get honest jobs. Such classic lines as &quot;Since i'm desperate and you're exactly what i'm looking for... you're hired.&quot; I know i am not coming close to doing this film justice. So look around at what others are saying. You won't be dissapointed.
B000001ELP|4.0|You can see why (Music From)The Elder caused such consternation on its release. Following on from what was at the time generally considered to be KISS's weakest release to date (Unmasked), the KISS fanbase had been led to expect a new album which would  demonstrate a much harder sound and a return to the band's former glory. Instead they got a concept album adorned with strings, flutes, choirs and keyboards. This was such a massive side step for KISS at a low point in their career that it is no wonder the fans rejected it at the time.<br />I had been warned off this album for years, but recently purchased the remastered CD version in an effort to finally make up my own mind. I would have to say, with the benefit of hindsight, that this is one of KISS's finest releases. It is different, but therein lies its appeal - this is KISS as you have never heard them before and probably never will again. But most of all it's a fine piece of work. <br />At times the songwriting sounds a little forced or awkward, but this is probably to ensure everything fits into the overall theme and spirit of the project. (MF)TE contains some of the band's finest material - The Oath; Under The Rose; Only You. The performances all round are excellent and the whole thing conveys an air of confidence, self assurance and maturity the band had never shown before. Congratulations too to Bob Ezrin's fine production job in ensuring it sounds so good.      <br />Most importantly this album is a very refreshing, adventurous and enjoyable listen from a band who were under tremendous pressure at the time and who decided to take the difficult path rather then churn out another Rock and Roll Over....and who subsequently got crucified for it. But I have a sneaking suspicion that they must look back at The Elder now and think to themselves &quot;Yeah - it's good - we did the right thing!&quot; I urge you to give it a chance if you have not done so already - you will be very surprised.
B00000253N|5.0|Some 60 percent of the people that get married get divorced, and 75 percent of those divorces are iniatied and carried through by the women despite the man's attempt to save it. Unfortunately, my wife is one of those. Anyone else in a similar position should recognize that Dylan puts into words and music the overwhelming emotions that I am feeling but am unable to express. A must have for someone in a similar situation, or one that wants to avoid it.
B0000027RL|5.0|If by some strange twist of fate you've never heard this album, I highly recommend that you listen to it as soon as possible.  The first time you hear it, it will hit you like a train that this is one of the most brilliantly written rock albums, period.  The haunting instrumental which explodes into &quot;Once&quot; is one I can't keep out of my head.  The first four songs, &quot;Once,&quot; &quot;Even Flow,&quot; &quot;Alive,&quot; and &quot;Why Go&quot; set the standard for what alternative rock should sound like.  &quot;Alive,&quot; in fact, is the definition of '90's rock.  The guitar solo at the end of this song blew me away the first time I heard it.  Following these four songs is what I like to call the &quot;Terrific Three,&quot; which is three of the most brilliant songs Pearl Jam ever performed, all in a row: &quot;Black,&quot; the best ballad by PJ in my opinion, &quot;Jeremy,&quot; their biggest single, and &quot;Oceans,&quot; which sounds to me like an ocean of music rolling into my ears and crashing into my deepest thoughts.  I remember the first time I heard &quot;Black&quot; on the radio.  The song came together so perfectly that after only one listen it was going in my head for the rest of the week.  &quot;Garden&quot; is another haunting song about death.  As for &quot;Porch&quot; and &quot;Deep,&quot; they are also memorable rockers which each hold a perfect place on the album.  The closing song, &quot;Release,&quot; is about Ed's father if I hear correctly.  Although I believe &quot;Indifference,&quot; the closing song from Vs., is the best PJ closer, this song is still beautiful and a perfect closer for Ten.  After &quot;Release,&quot; there is an extended version of the same instrumental heard at the beginning of the album which also closes out the album, giving it a more balanced feel.  I believe that the official title of this instrumental is &quot;Master-Slave.&quot;  That's my review, but in closing I would like to say that anyone who ignores Ten because of its commercial success needs to listen to it a few more times, with an open mind.  Many may agree that Vs. or Vitalogy is the &quot;best&quot; PJ album, but I find it rather immature to single out one and say that it is the &quot;best.&quot;  All PJ albums are excellent musical acheivements, and Ten is among the most noteworthy recordings in rock.
B00000253N|5.0|Some 60 percent of marriages fail and of those, 75 percent are initaited and carried through by the woman. Unfortunately my soon to be ex wife is one of those, and Dylan, with the heart of a poet, captures the essence of the feelings I am now going through but have had such a difficult time putting into words. I recommned this album to not only those that have suffered through the trials and tribulations of a divorce, but to those that are married and want to stay that way.
B000002AH7|3.0|Sketches of Spain is an impressive work because it melds jazz and spanish classical composition but frankly I think it's a bit boring while other miles davis records are definitely more entertaining. I mean, jazz should be based on improvisation, shouldn't it? so why mix it with classical music which has very little to do with improvisation? the two genres are incompatible or at least they SOUND incompatible here. All in all, this is the only Miles Davis' record I wish I hadn't bought: I put it in the player, listened to it once, said &quot;wow&quot; (because obviously Davis &amp; Evans are tremendously skilled) and never picked it up again. Maybe that's just because I'm a great fan of hard bop which has a more &quot;swinging&quot; mood but as Duke Ellington said, however inpressive it is, it doesn't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing. Sadly I see no swing here.
B000002J20|1.0|This is a very, very bad album.<br />It is not just a bad Yes album, it rates as one of the worst prog rock albums ever, the very nadir of the movement, the moment when prog rock became a laughing stock, imploded, and let the punks take over.  Overlong, mind-bogglingly pretentious, laughably flakey, ...  If the liner notes don't have you breaking out in cold sweats (&quot;It's a joke, right?  It's a satire by some prog-rock hating critic? Please?&quot;) then the ponderous, endless tracks will have you embracing Limp Bizkit before you can say &quot;Marilyn Manson is God&quot;. Sure, the musicianship is, as always, exemplary (although I've always far preferred Bruford to White), but it's more than obvious that Howe and Anderson run the show, here, and the rest.....well, the rest (by their own, later, admission) are hanging around looking for something to do.  Even the production sounds thin, with none of the lushness or vibrancy of &quot;Close to the Edge&quot; or &quot;Relayer&quot; -- it just kind of....dribbles on and on. <br />Look on their works, ye mighty, and despair.  Ohhhhh, yes --- despair. ...
B000002P7R|4.0|Did Jimi ever have a bad song.  Even his unreleased stuff is all good. The best songs are the alternate version of the Dylan cover &quot;All Along the Watch Tower, &quot;Stars That Play with Laughing Sam's Dice,&quot; and &quot;Sweet Angel.&quot;  There are 4 great instrumentals &quot;Little Wing&quot;,&quot;TaxFree&quot; &quot;Midnight&quot; and &quot;PaliGap which is a beautiful solo. On PaliGap the coolest sounds comes out of Jimi's guitar. This CD showcases  Hendrix by himself,The Experience,his woodstock band the Rainbow Gypysies,and  Band of Gypysies. Hendrix even plays some bass which I can barely tell any bass because his guitar is so dominat. My least fav song is the Dylan Cover of &quot;Drifters Escape,&quot; but is still not too bad of a listen.
B000002J0B|3.0|Has some good moments, some punchy tunes. But is bogged down with its own importance, all the mystical pap. Change in direction as they get funkier, but some of the songs are just annoying. Still, good musicianship,singing,arrangements,some good guitar. Thank you
B00003CX8J|2.0|When I used to read comics back in high school, the X-Men were my favorite and so I watched this movie more out of sense of nostalgia than anything else. Unfortunately, it didn't exceed those rather modest expectations - this despite the fact that the X-Men seemed to me one of the few super-hero comics that could be effectively adapted into an SF film and gain an appeal outside of fans of the original comic book. But the director and writers seemed unsure about how to approach the movie: either make it a genre film for \\"X-Men insiders\\" or an SF thriller with broad appeal. The result is a little of neither. Even so, the acting is generally good in spite everything going against the movie. Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen are perfectly cast as Professor Xavier and Magneto, respectively, the two most intriguing characters in the whole X-Men story - personally I think the whole movie would have been much better if the story and action revolved exclusively around them. Here, however, they are generally sidelined (esp. Prof. Xavier, who spends a major part of the movie in a coma) as more emphasis is placed on fight sequences and special effects. Despite some very good, even moving scenes, like the first sequence showing Magneto's early childhood as a Holocaust survivor, the movie's plot is actually quite silly - believe me, comic books are written better than this. There is little in the way of interesting character development, since the story is based on a serial publication with dozens of characters and none of them are given a chance to really stand out. Perhaps that's the main problem: the X-Men would function much better as a television series than as a feature-length film.
B0000009TT|5.0|one of the top contenders for best zappa album without doubt. it's got every kind of music frank did, except synclavier. disc1 has the great instrumentals regyptian strut,redunzl,revised music for guitar low budget orchestra, these are terrific,great soloing on rednzl. naval aviation a nugget orchestral composition. young sophisticate is better than ttr version and has scorching guitar intro. One of the highlights is the illinois enema bandit,great narrator intro, ray white singing,zappa solo.totally daft tune. like all the zappa in new york bits, it's great. lemme take ya to the beach is catchy and inane with funny high-pitched vocals. Also green rosetta/duck duck goose/ down in the dew are terrific.<br />Onto disc2, a treasure.pedro's dowry is truly awesome, hear it. awesome punky's whip , great singing/hoen section/guitar. nice instrumentals spider of destiny and lather and flambe, jazzyish uniquely frank zappa. duke of prunes is a winner too and big leg emma/honey don't you want a man like me great concert renditions. black page is one of the best zappa tunes of all time. i could listen to it all day!<br />cd3 has great guitar with filthy habits and ocean; t&amp;b is hilarious; greggary peccary is a masterpiece with 2gazillion musical ideas. time is money is a great tune thank you
B000055ZB8|5.0|It is so tempting, as with all horror works, to read 'Nosferatu' as a hotbed of Freudiana, with its troubled central marriage, its profusion of mirrors, its homosexual violation and erect, sleepwalking wife.  The Count is the undead emanation of the childless couple's desires.<br />But 'Nosferatu' is no ordinary horror, even if it is the only one to have that crinkly, sepia, medieval European look and atmosphere you imagine when reading classic horror books.  It is in fact impishly subversive, disarmingly comic, and a thorough analysis of why we watch films (look at all those eyes and voyeurs, the foregrounding of the mechanics of film (negative, stock etc.)), about how it saves us from joining with other people and losing ourselves, our identities, in union.  That bleak.
B000002J09|4.0|This is a really good rock album. Jimmy Page's solo on Black Dog is my highlight, actually that song is what got me into Led Zep. Rock in Roll , and when the levee breaks rock. misty mountain hop and four sticks are enjoyable, the acoustic stuff is enjoyable enough without being brilliant. Stairway has its moments too! It's a very good album with great performances Thank you
B00004WG28|3.0|Chow Yun-fat's performance is good.  Judi Foster is OK.  But the best I like Anna and the King is the cinematography.  Most of the film was shot in Malaysia, especially in Penang.  The locations are stunning.  <br />The story is well-known and as such lost much of its power.  It fails to be an epic (perhaps Thailand is never a big country and as such is not suitable background for an epic).  It is more serious film that its forerunner - The King and I.  But by pretending to be more realistic, it only turns out again as another westerner's look of an Asian country and its people to satisfy his ego.  <br />I gave it half a star on top of three, mainly because the film is a product of many people's hard work and it is a big-budget film which serves as an entertaining Hollywood product with adequate excitement and romance for both sexes.<br />I hope Hollywood can give a less stereotype role for Chow.  For Judie, her acting as an English lady is hardly believable.  But I must admit that she did put a lot of work and sincerity in the role.  This gives her lots of credit.  But I prefer she acting as American FBI agent like Silence of the Lamb or a streetgirl in Martin Scorceses's Taxi Driver.  These are her most memorable roles.
B000002KE2|3.0|This has its moments, some good riffing and guitar tone. Not a masterpiece though. Supernaut has a catchy riff,wheels of confusion is good, and snowblind. Then you have filler like 'changes', 'laguna sunrise' and 'fx' and a couple of mediocre songs. But not bad overall. Thank you
B000006045|5.0|It's hard to single out the best pop album that most people have never heard.  There are so many worthy candidates.  Big Star's 'Radio City' gets mentioned a lot.  T.Rex's 'Electric Warrior' comes to mind.  But the frontrunner from the '90s has got to be Mezzanine, a genre-bending goldmine that both elevated trip hop to a new level and destroyed it in the same instant.  Destroyed it for the simple reason that no one could follow this without paling in comparison.  Each track shines in turn.  Whether it's the &quot;single&quot;, 'Teardrop', with Elizabeth Fraser's ethereal vocals, or the heavy-rock inflected 'Angel' and 'Dissolved Girl', or the epic show-stopper 'Group Four', Massive seems as a group with no limitations.  And even rap-haters can appreciate 3-D's low key, almost whispered rhymes on 'Inertia Creeps' and 'Risingson'.  I would particularly recommend this album to rock fans who have considered dipping a toe into the pool of electronic music, but weren't sure where to start.  This one is can't-miss.
B000001FSR|5.0|Great stuff from tom waits, a variety of styles. 'straight to the top' is done in 2 different styles. magic. 'innocent when you dream' was used at the end of the film 'Smoke' starring Harvey Keitel,Forrest Whitakker and William Hurt. It's not as 'alternative' as 'rain dogs', but still it rules. Every song is good. Hear this!
B00000I7AJ|5.0|Buy this CD. That's all there is to it. I don't care if you don't like metal, are in church more than you are in bed, or have never even heard the term &quot;Power Metal&quot;. This is the best of everything, save maybe vocal style. If I have a single gripe about this band, it is only that Barlow's singing takes awhile to get used to. Other than that, the band and especially this recording are both at the top of their respective games. If nothing else, listen to the last song, a powerhouse masterpiece called 'The Coming Curse&quot;. The intro is beautiful enough to make me want learn piano (seriously!) and the riff afterwards is so fast, it's hard to keep up with. Don't let that statement make you think that these guys are just speed metal freaks. Everything is as tight and controlled as a finely tuned machine, and everything is meticulously played. There are no more than 1 or 2 filler songs on this CD, each other is unique and thunderingly gorgeous. There is no excuse for the absence of this CD from your collection.
B000001FTJ|5.0|Right up there with rain dogs. Great album with all great tunes . Dave the butcher is awesome!
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|The Video and audio quality is excellent. If you have decent speakers and properly adjusted and configured  5.1 receiver/amplifier, you should not have any problem. I connected the video using the component outputs and the audio using the digital coaxial output. I enjoyed everyone of the songs in the album.
B000002GYR|4.0|Tom waits is a unique singer and songwriter, no frills, just good honest songs. 'martha' is emotional without being overly sentimental. 'ol 55' is a top tune as is 'i hope that i don't fall in love with you'. It ends very nicely with a mellow instrumental. get this
6305807043|5.0|Ever want to be someone else?  Well now you can!  Being John Malkovich is incredible mostly for its emotional and comedic premise.  Who in the world thought of this?  A door which opens the portal into the mind of Oscar-nominee John Malkovich?  No way!  But its true.  I loved this movie!  The story goes: Craig Schwartz is at the end of his string.  A gifted puppeteer,  he cannot find any work to put his talent to good use. His pet-loving wife Lotte suggests he take an office job.  He begins to work at Lestercorp on the 7 and 1/2 floor.  That's right.  The elevator is stopped between floor seven and eight,  and a hilarious video which Craig views in his orientation explains the reason for this.  Craig accidently discovers a door in the wall, and he cautiously climbs into it.  He is suddenly sucked down a portal and sees everything through the eyes of one JOHN MALKOVICH!  Soon,  he and his beautiful partner Maxine begin to charge 200 bucks a head to be John Malkovich for fifteen minutes,  then you are spit out into a ditch on the side of the New Jersey Turnpike. Got it so far?  Good.  John Cusack is astounding as Craig Schwartz,  an Oscar-worthy performance.  Cameron Diaz proves that she can be a great actress with her brilliant performance as Lotte.  Catherine Keener is excellent as Maxine,  her oscar-nominated performance. The truly wonderful performance comes from Malkovich, playing hmself of course,  but not all the time.  Though he is wonderful as himself,  he is taken over by Craig,  making Malkovich talk and act like him.  It is pretty incredible.  Strong supporting performances by Charlie Sheen and Orson Bean make Being John Malkovich a wacky thrill-ride.  Spike Jonze gives a incredible movie with his direction.  Definitely a must-see!
B000002J03|4.0|Jimmy Page is great on this album, the lemon song, whole lotta love, heartbreaker,bring it on home are all intense solos/and rhythm guitar/riffing. It's a guitar album with singing. Plant is a great singer. The songs are well written, blues derived also folky on'ramble on'. Very well produced. Bass and drums are excellent too. This is their best offering . Thank you
B000059R8Y|5.0|It was with great pleasure that I purchased this CD, and with greater pleasure that it has been in my car CD player for almost the entire time I have owned it.  This work draws from EC's past works, and moves on to cover where his life and experience are now.  I am a long time Clapton fan, and he just keeps getting better.  Reading the album notes really provided a nice backdrop to this CD. This seems a natural progression after &quot;Pilgrim&quot; and &quot;Riding with the King.&quot;  Art and artists always evolve, and I'm just glad to be here to enjoy it!! As a musician and musical listening eclectic, this is a very enjoyable CD.
B000002KB8|3.0|Some nice jamming on this album, great guitar playing. The songs are decent enough...i would say this is better than vol4 but not as good as sabbath bloody sabbath. There ya go. Thanks
B00004STPT|5.0|Gladiator the soundtrack it wonderfully created with outstanding power that will make you believe that your on the battle field in germania were the begining of the movie starts.  If you seen the movie and liked it this is a must buy!!!!!!!!!
B00004XONN|4.0|When we exist in a world regulated by commercialised mass-media and tiresome fundamentalism, it is refreshing to know that there is always a reassuring niche where creativity and intrepid experimentation flourishes; this is the moist cave where Kid A snugly fits, reassuring us that there are artists out there who realise the importance of battling conformity, consumerism and those tacky manufactured girl and boy-bands.  <br />And Kid A is not a pop album. You do not sing along to a catchy chorus, or dance to the thumping beat. Kid A represents the boundary between formulaic songs and genuine art. <br />What we have here is a superb alternative album by an undeniably accomplished band, produced for those of us who grimace at the monotonous musical landscape that dominates the market. If you are tired of hearing radio-friendly garbage designed to reach number one in the billboards (which is, ironically, what Radiohead achieved with this album), then Kid A is for you. It melds techno with trance, rock with electronica, and the result is an abstract and highly conceptual masterpiece. <br />Kid A is an album that should be listened to as a whole; this is the whole point of the excercise. Each of the individual tracks is a jigsaw piece, and at the end they constitute a satisfying portrait of what Radiohead are really capable of.<br />Which isn't to say that Kid A is perfect.<br />Many argue that in attempting to explore new dimensions, Radiohead have betrayed the fans that albums such as The Bends and Pablo Honey yielded; that Kid A is pretentious, or even over-indulgent. To a certain extent, these views are justified. At times, you simply feel that the album is over-extravagant. <br />Radiohead never intended for Kid A to be a crowd pleaser. It is complex, subtle yet showy, indecipherable yet strangely complete and fulfilling. It is not another OK Computer, and definitely not a remake of Pablo Honey. <br />Kid A should be seen as a milestone in Radiohead's career, and inthis respect, it excels.
0790749998|3.0|I haven't seen the movie as yet, cool na
B00004VW0V|5.0|Foreigner is by far the best Cat Stevens has ever done. Quite possibly the best album by anyone who is able to see the difference between creating music and selling music.  I believe that He came to grips with the knowledge that He couldn't get his music to the public without the money people being between him and the public. And He was one of the few artists who didn't care about the money. He is well on the way to giving up the terrible way that we, the public, are allowed to be exposed to new music. I think this album is part of his decision making to tell the commercial part to go take a flying leap. Truely one of the all time great pieces of music available to the general public.
8478884955|5.0|...The translators chose idiomatic expressions particular to certain regions of Spanish-speaking countries, when common words would have been satisfactory.  As if that was not bad enough, they also chopped up the narrative.  This is not an abridged version, but a truncated one, as if they were in a hurry to finish the book or save pages. If Spanish is your second language, be aware that you may not understand some terms.  Just skip them and memorize the names of the translators, so you won't buy another book ruined by them.<br />Yet. . . the story is fascinating and the suspense in the plot is captivating.  Even if the Spanish rendition of loses flavor due to poor translation, I was amazed, surprised, thrilled and fascinated all over again, and I was especially overjoyed to share with my daughter the excitement of the conspiracies and the joy of reading.<br />I just hope that when the fourth and fifth books are translated to Spanish, the Spanish-speaking people will get an un-butchered version.
B000002J1U|4.0|Different to the previous two albs, more folky stuff and poppy songs. 'friends' is great acoustic song,'since i been lovin you' fabulous bluesy guitar playing by page. 'immigrant song' and 'celebration song' are treats. Some twee folkiness too, tangerine and the ledbelly'gallows pole'. 'out on the tiles' 'that's the way'is nothing special, bronyaur stomp is brilliant. hats off to roy harper is unusual but fun. Uneven, but a good quality album. Thank you
B000001EMW|5.0|Being a string player myself (although I play violin rather than cello) I have much respect for these students. When listening to the songs you can rarely tell that these are in fact cellos playing the music. It ranges all from the heavy hardcore impact of Metallica, to an almost classical sort of music. If you don't like the heavy classical music, this shouldn't turn you away and would open anyone's eyes to the horizons and capabilities of stringed instruments and hopefully deter stereotypes. This is an excellent buy for anyone with a like for Metallica, orchestral music, and diverse music lovers.
6305426651|5.0|How many movies do you remember that made you laugh for full minutes.  Quite a few.  How many do you know that bring numerous tears rolling down your cheecks?  I know of two.  How many do that not just at the climax but throughout the movie?  How many of include a believable, but still fairy-tale like story of true-love?  And how many movies can you recolect that bring all of these elements together into one incredible mosaic.  These elements all swirl together, but not so that the various mood swings come as a shock, nor do these emotions switch at such a rate that anyone could miss something.  <br />Some say the first story line is too fairy-tale like, and unbelievable.  Ridiculous.  There are no magic wands, no fairy god mothers.  All of it happens because one man is willing to take a chance and try to win the girl of his dreams.  Same thing happens every day, anyone who can't accept that, I pity you.<br />Yes, this is a comedy about the holocaust.  If someone had told me that before I had seen it, I would have cast this film aside, never to view it.  But they actually pulled it off.  Benigni mixes in fear, hope and humor at the perfect times, thus creating a fresh, yet still powerful and memorable representaion of the holocaust.<br />Thirty times better than &quot;Titanic&quot;, I don't see how it didn't get Best Picture in 1998.  All in all, my favorite movie of all time, one I shall never forget.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Do you really NEED to read another five star review of this album here?  Probably not, but I'll throw in my five cents (or stars) anyways. <br />This IS the best album ever!  Accept NO substitutes (The Beatles were great, but never THIS great), pale imitations or alternatives.  &quot;OK Computer&quot;?  Get real.  Can you really imagine that one being a contender in 35 years' time?<br />I've always had &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; since I first heard it circa 1988, in some form or another, 'cause I NEED to hear it at least once a month.  It is not merely just a nice, sunny, fluffy pop a la Simon &amp; Garfunkel, like some other reviewer suggested here (what a simplistic understatement!).  The songs may sound like that at first, but give it another 100 listens, as I'm sure you will, and you'll find how multi-levelled (is that a word?) these songs ALL are.  <br />Furthermore, this album has that rare feeling of these songs all belonging to one another - themelike...sort of - and if you hear one or two of them on a hits compilation they often sound oddly out of place on their own.  You kind of have to have this album all at once, not in bits &amp; pieces.  And that's what good albums are all about; not a couple of hits and a bunch of fillers.  <br />The Beatles nearly always ruined their almost-great albums with a dodgy &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;(&quot;Revolver&quot;) or the frankly unlistenable &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot;(&quot;Abbey Road&quot;), while Brian Wilson managed to create this PERFECT masterpiece without missing a beat or compromising any in-built quality control, which can not be said of Messrs Lennon &amp; McCartney. <br />&quot;Here Today&quot;, for one, contains the best 35 seconds of music ever recorded (the instrumental part with the amazing organ and bass interplay...boy, that one must've made Spector feel unworthy!).  Likewise, &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; is probably the best album opener ever, while similarily, &quot;Sloop John B&quot; is the best B-Side beginner ever immortalized onto vinyl.  And I could go on and on and on (&quot;Caroline No&quot;, &quot;God Only Knows&quot;, &quot;I Just Wasn't Made...&quot;, etc. &amp; so on).<br />To put it bluntly and to the point; if you're a pop music fan and don't already own this album, you should definitely go out and get it.  There just isn't ANY excuse for not having it.<br />Oh, and Brian Wilson IS a genius.  'Nuff said.
B000002UA5|2.0|Pink floyd just kept getting worse, in my opinion.  The first record, with Syd, was brilliant, the second, without syd was ok, this one I like simply because it is honest and different, and the live record has some truly brilliant moments.  The studio record is mostly dull, but again, I find it to be a very honest effort.<br />Pink floyd got railroaded by Roger Waters in my opinion, and quickly descended into boring 70's headbanger music for people with little imagination.  I am going to get lambasted for this to be sure, but to me Pink Floyd are a good way to introduce yourself to experimental music, and to then realise that there is WAY better experimental music out there. I thought they were the best thing going when I was 14, but now at 32 I see them for what they were, up there with the Eagles, The doors, Bad Company etc...  <br />Umma Gumma is a good place for someone interested in experimental music to get started.  For REAL psychedelic music, try Can, or Faust, or even King Crimson, THIS is the real thing, sorry Pink Floyd...
B000002KET|4.0|Top tunes galore, it's an impressive album. Tony does some great riffing on it, ozzy sings his heart out. The songs have a good groove to them. Recommended.
B000059Z8J|2.0|I remember going to see this movie in 1978.You could feel the anticipation and excitement in the audience just before the first flying scene.You can believe a man can fly,but can you believe the illogical plot?Lex Luther(Gene Hackman)is going to create new beachfront property by separating California from the rest of the USA with nuclear weapons and Superman reverses time by reversing the rotation of the Earth(come again??).This movie has superb production values and good performances,but is let down by a ridiculous and campy plot and villian.If it had stuck to a serious plot,like Star Wars,it would have done much better.An over-rated film.
6304106017|3.0|Simplistic plot. Predictable cardboard characters. Notable acting &amp; impressive effects. Two psychopaths, one merely vicious, his brother, utterly depraved, gun their way to Mexico, taking a faith-lapsed minister and his two children hostage. Across the border, they try to survive the night, beating off vampires at an exotic dance club. Definitely &quot;Grade B&quot; horror flick material, but Clooney &amp; Tarantino keep it from sinking to MST3K fodder. Still, it's hard to know whether to root for the vampires or the crooks. Rated R for exposed female anatomy, explicit language &amp; graphic violence--just the thing for the adolescent at heart.
0767802659|3.0|Despite it's title, Starship Troopers is remarkably lacking of any star power.  Denise Richards of Wild Things and Casper Van Dien of Sleepy Hollow are about as close as we come to seeing any farmilar faces.  But not to fret, this is intention on the part of director Paul Verhoeven.  It's a gimmick he uses to keep the audience on their toes, never allowing us to get ahead of ourselves by anticipating the next character to meet their demise.  By doing this you connect with the character without having to rely on the excess baggage that a Tom Cruise or Mel Gibson would have brought from previous roles.  This also serves to put in persepective the rigorous, often times graphic violence which becomes more meaningful when it's happened to someone whom you've invested an emotional interest.  After about a half dozen or so beheadings, dismemberments, ect., the action can become desensitizing, but to have it occur to an actor billed among the top credits comes as quite a suprise.<br />The cast, which looks like they've been plucked out of an Aaron Spelling soap, is headed by Van Dien as John Rico, a member of the mobile infiltry which is a dumping ground for undesirables.  It's like the Army is today, they're sent in to stop a few bullets (or in this case bug plasma) before the Marines come in to mop up what's left of them.  It's this same cast system that's  plagued mankind throughout history.  Just like the first wave to hit Omaha Beach, it's the kids fresh out of high school, yearning for the respect that comes with serving their country that are sent to the slaughter.<br />Rico joins up to follow his girlfriend (Richards), who's a member of the much more elite Starship pilots.  Completing the love triangle is Dina Meyers as a roughneck with a soft spot for Johnny, who conversely follows him to the infiltry under the false pretense that she heard they're the best.  It's almost Shakespearean the way these relationships fall apart and then come back together again.  You have all the elements of a classic love story, a Romeo and Juliette for the Star Wars generation, but even that can't overcome the fact that this is essentially a giant bug movie.<br />For all it's symbolism and social satire, the plot isn't as deep as the writer's would have you to believe.  They liken &quot;citizenship,&quot; which is no longer a birth rite but must be earned through military service, to a latter day form of slavery, but the pieces just don't fall together.  They even try hammering this home in the most bold and obvious way, by having a cadet whipped by a black MP.  Yet in spite of it's lack of subtlety the film does make a fascinating point of showing how barriers between men and women have been broken down.  You have co-ed showers (years ahead of Ally McBeal's unisex rest rooms), female quarterbacks and even the newly appointed Secretary of State is a black woman.<br />These are refreshingly non-sterotypical characterizations of women, much like what Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon did, but it's hard to overlook the fact that these elements are just the stuffing and the special effects is the turkey.  For all it's originality, this is still a blood 'n guts sci-fi popcorn flick made to entertain.  And to do that they've jammed the second half of the film with so much action that you're seldom spared a free moment to rest and reflect on what's just happened.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but after the first hour was so exceptionally smart and funny it's difficult to watch this movie disintegrate into your run of the mill shoot 'em up.<br />Paul Verhoeven has made some of the best movies in the science fiction genre and Starship Troopers is no exception.  It's relatively smart and whips through at a breakneck speed.  All in all, it's a lot of fun.
B000001FFJ|5.0|A stunning album of songs. It's unlikely you'll hear music like this from anyone else, it's uniquely waitsian. Marc ribot on guitar is fantastic, there's great percussion on it too. 'singapore' and 'rain dogs' are especially great. Brilliant record. Thank you
0060930187|5.0|This book is beutiful and utterly facinating.  A semi-autobiographical novel about Sylvia Plath's twentieth year, it is even better if you also read her biography &quot;Bitter Fame&quot; by Anne Stevenson.  The biography lets you read about that year in even more depth.
B000056MOD|3.0|This is the 4th Highlander movie and the best one, next to the first one. <br />  It stars Christopher Lambert (Conor MacCloud from the first movie) and Adrian Paul (Duncan MacCloud from the TV show) who get together to chop up a real bad dude named Kell and his cronies. What makes a good Highlander story? A good plot? Yes, this one has a good plot, Kell is a villian from long ago (they're immortals, remember?) who shows up to mess with Duncan's ex-wife and Conor's head. What about the swordfighting? Ahhh, there we have a problem. There simply was'nt enough for me; the scene in New York was good but there was a little too much &quot;Boo-hoo, I'm an 400 year old immortal and I'm so lonely&quot; type stuff going on in the film (reminds me of Crouching T.H.D.). Sheesh! But don't despair, there is some good swordplay and head-chopping towards the end. Don't get me wrong, this film is waaaaaaaaaaaay better than Highlander 2 &amp; 3.
B000001ED1|4.0|I never liked Joan Osborne's music until now, but after hearing her on The Chieftains CD I had to pick up Relish. I love all of the songs, especially St. Teresa and One Of Us. This album doesn't really show off Joan's gorgeous voice but the music and lyrics are great and overall this is a wonderful album with a lot of soul.
B000002GY9|4.0|If you never heard any Tom waits music, this is a great place to start. 'step right up' is dazzling, tom is in great form here. It's a very funny album in parts, with 'the piano has been drinking' and 'pasties and a g-string', there are more serious songs like 'invitaton to the blues'. This album never needs bonding
B00005B6N8|5.0|A movie with dazzling special effects, Pitch Black really works on so many levels.  Survivors, stranded on a planet with three suns, search to find water.  Among the survivors are an ambitious ship captain(Rahda Mitchell), a bounty hunter(Cole Hauser), a Muslim zealot(Keith David), and the best of these characters, a murderous criminal psychopath named Riddick(Vin Diesel).  There's something lurking beneath the planet, down in the darkness, but they don't have to worry, as long as there is light.  But, there's a problem.  There's a total planetary eclipse about to happen.  The creatures are to roam free in the darkness, picking off the survivors one by one.  Owing much of it's plot to Alien, it's really a great science fiction movie.  Diesel is eerily calm as Riddick, and he haunts the viewer with just his eyes, shined over so he can see in the dark.  The monsters themselves are rarely seen, but it is more effective when they are left to the human imagination.  There may be a sequel on the horizon.
B0000062Y2|3.0|I got the dvd of the movie version of Superstar and couldn't be happier.  The remastering of both image and sound are so great that you'd forget the movie was made in the early seventies if it weren't for the bellbottoms and hairdos.<br />It's a shame that the care taken on the dvd didn't translate to this extravagently-priced audio version.  The vocals are muffled, as if sung into a plastic garbage pail.  Then they're mixed so far forward that the drums and guitar completely dissappear.  As a result, the rock numbers and the ballads alike lose their emotional kick.  The power of the transitions between songs, like the goosebump causing way &quot;Trial Before Pilate&quot; segues into &quot;Superstar&quot; in the movie, are totally destroyed by a couple of seconds of dead air inserted robot-like between every tune. <br />I can't understand how anything remastered for cd, repackaged, and sold for over thirty bucks can actually sound worse than a seventies vinyl album.  How could they get it so wrong?   They didn't even print the lyrics, which I seem to remember in the original l.p.<br />Buy the dvd and play that instead, with or without the picture.  It only costs half as much as the two cd set and the sound is far superior.
0684803356|5.0|The book is an extraordinary narration of a chapter in the appalling Spanish Civil War. Hemingway bestowed a stern stare to an almost missing chapter of the American history and its involvement in  the international brigades. Hemingway collates in a subtle and almost ironic fashion all the emotions of human nature: bravery, love, wrath, fear. The book induces the reader to become a mute witness of this sensational drama illustrated deliciously by the author. Easy to read and quite difficult to forget.
B000002JSN|3.0|Despite its diversity, it's a mess of an album. Most of the songs are annoying, silly things. Despite that, there is some good music, jimmy page is always worth hearing on guitar. He has some fine moments with 'the rover', 'ten years gone by' 'in my time of dying'. 'kashmir' is overrated as a tune, but the sound is good. Nice acoustic guitar cameo, 'bron yr aur'. Then you have muck like 'down by the seaside' and 'boogie with stu' and 'custard pie'. Uneven in quality, taken from studio work from 1972 and 1974, showing that the boys are running out of ideas. They only made 3 more albums,which are poor. Still, I salute them for all the enjoyment their music has given me. Thank you
B000001EQT|5.0|I love this album.  To me this defines the essence of what T. Rex was all about: Great music, playful lyrics and solid production.  From the opener, the bombastic \\"Metal Guru,\\" to the mellow closing track, \\"Main Man,\\" there's not a bad song on the album.  Many consider this to be the definitive T. Rex album.<br />Back when this album was released in 1972, T. Rex was at the height of its popularity in the UK -- a fan frenzy not seen since the Beatles live concerts.  Marc Bolan was THE star of the moment in Britain.<br />While Bolan's could never replicate his UK success in the US, his influence can be heard in the music of countless bands from the last two decades.<br />Favorite tracks from the album: \\"Rock On,\\" \\"The Slider,\\" \\"Metal Guru,\\" and \\"Spaceball Ricochet.\\"  Listen and enjoy!
0393317552|1.0|...The author claims that the savages of New Guinea are mentally superior to those of Western Europe.Need I say more about this book for absolute sheer nonsense.  This is a racist book of the worst kind but its racism is against the white people.The agenda is to claim that the blacks and their derivatives are superior! WHITES ARE INFERIOR! ...This is not research but propaganda! Respectfully submitted,Pierre Rinfret
1558803602|3.0|I love Spielberg movies. He is a director in an echelon all by himself. Much of the negative criticism about his work is that his pictures are too happy: good wins over evil. That is the very reason Spielberg's films are so successful. The catharsis is always complete. However, even Spielberg can't save some films. Such is the case with ALWAYS.<br /><br />The film stars three great actors (John Goodman, Richard Dreyfuss, and Holly Hunter), has some of the most beautiful natural scenery in any Spielberg film, and a special appearance by Audrey Hepburn. The movie has a great beginning. At first viewing I thought to myself, &#34;This is going to be awesome, a movie about Forest Service pilots and Smoke Jumpers! No one has ever done anything like that before.&#34; The great humor during the first thirty minutes (subtly making fun, among other things, of movies and even Spielberg himself) further deluded me. Of course, I knew Richard Dreyfuss' character was going to die, but I thought the movie was then going to focus on how the people in his life coped after his death. I was partially right, but wasn't counting on him to continue starring in the movie as an &#34;unseen&#34; spirit. After his character's final moment alive on Earth, the movie went downhill like a plane on fire. It quickly left its humor and adventure, entering the territory of the non-believable, extremely sappy, romance. From then one out there is very little hope. There are a few memorable scenes: Holly Hunter &#34;cooking&#34; dinner, the dead bus driver who is revived, and the final shot of Richard Dreyfuss walking out of the film. However, these scenes don't feel right together. The feel like different pieces of a jigsaw puzzle glued together: they fit but don't really belong. Even the master can't ALWAYS save a film.
B000000WFU|4.0|For those who have never heard of Adiemus I will give you this warning.<br />If you are expecting music along the lines of Enya, Enigma or Dead Can Dance you will be extremely disappointed with Adiemus &quot;Songs Of Sanctuary&quot;.<br />Adiemus is more New World/Classical then it is New Age and it does take a listen or two to get use to.<br />Basically the choral arrangements are outstanding with the lead vocals being provided by Miriam Stockley.<br />The musical arrangements are also exceptional with the majority having either a european classical or african tribal feel mixed in to make a very powerful yet enoyable melody that is in a category all it's own.<br />The highlights on &quot;Songs of Sanctuary&quot; are<br />Adiemus - a very enjoyable song that has been highlighted on many TV commercials<br />Tintinnabulum - This is a very beautiful song which starts off with and outstanding string instrument arrangement that leads into an almost tribal lulliby with beautiful vocals added on.<br />In Caelum Fero - This is the highlight of the album with and unbelievable vocal arrangement which highlights Miriam Stockleys range. This song also has a driving beat that makes you feel like your being called to battle.<br />Overall Adiemus &quot;Songs of Sanctuary&quot; is very, very different and will only be enjoyed by those with and open mind and a thirst for something different.<br />I will say this that once you have listened and come to love Adiemus you will always love them.<br />Adiemus will either delight or horrify the listeners ears.<br />It's that simple.
B000002H6C|5.0|this is one of the best metallica cd before load era (honestly, since 1996, metallica sucks). the songs are raw, creepy and heavy. and justice for all, harvester of sorrow, dyers eve and blackened are the best songs of the cd. one is a good song, but not on the level of the rest. frayed ends of sanity is good, too, but i don't like the intro. the only low point is eye of the beholder. if you are a metallica fan, you must have this album
B000056NX5|5.0|I was a little apprehensive about buying this title but what a surprise. The staged production was magnificent ,better than the original Broadway production. Glen Carter in the title role was  nothing less than superb. You could feel his emotions and almost  read his thoughts.I know I will be watching this quite regularly.
B000002U82|5.0|This was my first Floyd album (big surprise). Its the best. It means something different to me every time I listen to it. The maniacal laughing during Speak to Me and Brain Damage chills you. The voices in the background give it a whole new level of meaning. I dont know if the dark-side-wizard-of-oz works, but i might eventually try it. When you watch the laser show version, you get hypnotized. You snap out of it only during the chimes in Time and the money ching sounds in Money. When you finish it, you think that maybe everything under the sun is in tune, but the sun has been eclipsed by the moon.
0792844939|5.0|When this movie first came out I was not even a thought. Being a die hard fan of Liza Minelli I was curious to see what this movie is about. I did not expect my jaw to hit the floor. The story,cinemetography,music was spectacular. I cannot forget the performances of Robert De Niro and Liza Minelli as Jimmy Doyle and Francine Evans is this deep love/sometimes hate relationship. The movie is definitely worth while watching and I can't help to say as much as I really don't want to is how Minelli had a striking reminder of her mother Judy Garland in some of the numbers in this picture. Overall this movie is great.
B000059MEK|5.0|Daft Punk are really in tune with what goes on in the scene. I mean, they're DJ's as well as producers, so they do sets and they have all the latest white-label releases. The main statement this album makes is that the 80's are definitely back. This album covers the early 80's period of sound, through the death of disco and the birth of breakdancing, with Daft Punk's pretty French house stylings and those quirky yet catchy Yamaha x series synth sounds. It's nice to hear the current trends through Daft Punk's music because they remain Daft Punk while adopting the current trends. Tres cool mes amis.
B000001FYZ|5.0|If America is the Heart Of Rock'n Roll as Hewy Lewis and the News's huge hit during 80s says, Germany should be called Heart of Heavy Metal. German metal may be compared to what Sony and Honda did during 80s. They learned rock from UK and America and made it better and better. And they still know what is good to hard rock. Nowhere in the world could appreciate great American rock as ZZ top's XXX and Jimi Jamison's Empires as Germany in 1999.<br />Scorpion is the most successful German Metal band which captured American metal fans mind in their late 70s masterpiece Virgin Killer and 80s Love At First Sting. From Crazy World in 1990 their greatest hit Winds Of Change was made. But the album also serves as great introduction to the one of the greatest metal bands in history.<br />It is as if Kiss during late 70s revitalized. It is definitely American rock or I should say what American rock should have evolved during 90s. My favorite is Kix After Six and Hit Between The Eyes. Don't Believe Her is also memorable. And I love all the rest of the tracks. Not so much albums made me enjoy for more than ten years as this.<br /> In Germany great rock survived commercially and bands like Bonfire, Fair Warning scores great success in Japan. You can never go wrong with German rockers.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|I may not be a great Björk fan but I've always found her work to be fascinating. I got this EP two months ago and I must confess I didn't like it: weird lyrics and sounds (factory machines, trains, counting numbers). <br />Then I saw Dancer in the dark... and everything changed. It all made sense, I fully understod the reasons, the emotions, the meaning of everything. That's why I think that this album depends on the movie, it's not just songs FEATURED on it, these songs ARE a part of the storyline and can't be completeley appreciated if you don't know what they talk about (it would be just Björkesque sounds that some love and others hate.<br />My favorite is NEW WORLD, but I'VE SEEN IT ALL and SCATTERHEART are also great. But really, see the movie before listening to Selmasongs, then you'll understand.
6304994540|5.0|&quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; is the Coen Brothers' masterpiece.  It goes way beyond the satire and silliness of their other films to tell a myth of post-60s America and the Wild West, line-in-the-sand, &quot;mine's bigger than yours&quot; mentality that got us here.  What's left after saving the world from (white) Russians?  *@#$ it, let's go bowling . . .
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|How moving the musics from &quot;Dancer in the Dark&quot; can be! It is one of those precious soundtracks that take you into the character blind world, and makes you not just feel it, but also see it through music. Bjork's voice is spectacular! It is so deeply, so full of emotion, though she sings and performs at the both time.  And above it all, &quot;Selma Songs&quot; proves definitively that good music can be made of ordinary sounds and how a movie can be &quot;seen&quot; by just listening to its soundtrack.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have one thing to say to the naysayers...<br />You do not know what real anime is until you enjoy the spectacular backgrounds in this.<br />Many of them look like they're real, and I can assure you that you cannot come CLOSE to drawing something as spectacular as those.<br />Now, about the rest of the movie. A wonderful plot-line based loosely on Japanese mythology. The characters are well-written and have some very excellent dialogue. Some of the voices were the wrong choices, but that's what happens when you dub it. Everything about this movie is nearly perfect, and I cannot give this enough praise. Its worth well more than 5 stars on a 5-star scale. Its easily worth 10 stars on the 5-star scale. <br />Miazaki (not sure if that's the correct spelling) is a genius. Give that man what he wants.
B00000IQMT|3.0|Somehow, this soundtrack just didn't live up to my expectations. In the theatre, I kept thinking, &quot;Man! This will be an awesome CD!&quot; As an avid fancier of soundtracks, I thought this would be an essential addition to my collection. <br />Whoo, boy. <br />I have a few complaints. Number one is the crazy, mixed-up order of the tracks. It just doesn't make sense. I was very disappointed that I couldn't really &quot;play&quot; the movie all the way through in my head while listening. I kept getting confused as to where in the story we were because it kept jumping around from point to point. <br />Number two is the fusion of some tracks. The points in the film that they paired this with sometimes are completely unrelated. For example, &quot;The Sith Spacecraft AND The Droid Battle.&quot; Whoa! Big step! Kind of jumping ahead, aren't we? &quot;Qui-Gon's Noble End&quot; just made me gag. It sounds so cheesy, nothing worthy of a &quot;noble end&quot; for the film's best character. And a point in &quot;Jar Jar's Introduction&quot;, about 50 seconds in, sounds absolutely Home Alone-esque. <br />About three tracks are really worth listening to. &quot;Augie's Great Municipal Band&quot; is a fun, rollicking tune. &quot;The High Council Meeting and Qui-Gon's Funeral&quot; gives me chills, especially the latter part. &quot;Anakin's Theme&quot; is the best one yet. THIS track is the type of John Williams' music I love! <br />Those tracks really redeem the whole CD.  All over, borrow a friend's before you buy, or get it half-price. <br />Happy listening, Dani Girl
B00004Z400|2.0|Here I am writing this review AGAIN (wink wink) and I will &quot;keep my comments directed toward the content of the title.&quot; (wink wink-again) So, here I am again, saying how average this album is. After Change and the rockin Back to School, I was totally psyched to buy it. However, I went back to borrow my sister's copy, and I'm glad I did. At first listen, a lot of tracks stand out: Back To School, Elite, Knife Party, Korea, Passenger, Change and Pink Maggit. However, after many listens, I usually go to Back to School then skip all the way to Passenger. Actually, BTS is a remix of Pink Maggit, but Pink Maggit is too long for its own good. Korea, Passenger (even though it includes vocals from the EXCELLENT Maynard Keenan) and Elite soon grow boring, and the other tracks are too slow. There's nothing spectacularly bad about White Pony, but it's average at best.  It's been two weeks, and I can come to this quick conclusion-buy the friggin Back to School single.
B00004U8H4|3.0|All this talk of dark satire and biting commentary is beginning to sound a little tiresome. Have we really emancipated ourselves to the extent that we can look back so smugly and talk about the &quot;me&quot; generation of the 1980s? The psychotic behavior depicted here has always belonged in the schlock basket, and attempts to elevate it to mainstream cinema strike me as sad.<br />On the plus side, this is an extremely deft adaptation of the book and the exclusion of the graphic throwaway violence of the latter does not detract from the visceral impact (although maybe one needs to have read it before seeing the movie). Pretentious remarks about cinema aside, the supposed &quot;distancing&quot; of the story through a fifteen-year lens does not offer any priveleged frame of reference. As a satire, social commentary or psychological essay, this movie is hard to stomach.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is truly amazing, this is a must buy album, their songs are great....I LOVE &quot;CRUSH AND BURN&quot;, .whenever i feeling sad or down, i just listen to this song....it bright up my day! Other songs on the album are also great......I LOVE SAVAGE GARDEN Thanks guys for making a two great albums... i listen to your songs over and over again....it's great!
B00003CXGG|3.0|good direction but just an action movie and no good story
B0000214F3|5.0|This movie is great I like Brad Pitt in this playing death and I think he did a really great job at it. Anthony Hopkins is really great in this movie and he was just great his speech at the end of the movie at his birthday party was the greatest I almost cried but the end with Pitt and Hopkins standing on the hill talking I did start to cry it was really great actting. This movie really got me thinking about life and I am really glad that they many it because it got me thinking really hard. See this movie even if its not on DVD this movie is still the best on VHS.
B00003CXE6|5.0|A Gladiator of a film, with a leading man to match.  This was truely the best film of the year and deserving of the much used desriptive `epic`.  Outstanding performances from all of the cast but surely the most watchable, by Russell Crowe, who fills his character to the the full (literally and figuratively).  <br />If you want to &quot;watch a film&quot; then this is the one.  The DVD version is fab value for money with oodles of extras, which are definately worth the leap from VHS to DVD (if you havent done so already, this is the film to persuade you to do so).<br />This film has everything one is looking for in this this entertainment genre, action, suspense, intrigue, surprises, beautiful cinematography, character growth and phenomenal performances (Joaquin Phoenix is truely chilling as the mad egotistical evil emperor and was in my opinion robbed of the oscar for best supporting actor), and  an element almost synoymous with Russell Crowe now, sexual tension (yes its there if you were paying attention).<br />If you buy nothing else this year get this.  You will not be dissapointed.  I watched it, I enjoyed it, I watched it again and will do so over and over.
B00004YYDI|4.0|Like most fans of this modern-day action classic, I was unaware that an alternate version with additional footage existed.<br />After reading a review of &quot;Leon, The Professional,&quot; I decided to order the DVD and was not dissappointed.  If you never understood that this movie is really a love story and not an action film, this version will make it crystal clear.  While the original holds up well, Luc Besson's Director's Cut adds depth and complexity to the relationship between Leon(Jean Reno) and Mathilda(Natalie Portman).<br />Of course, this may be the very reason why some fans will still prefer the original US theatrical release of the film.  The additional footage causes the film to drag in spots and for those fans who just want carnage this may be a downer.<br />These scenes also show the 12-year-old Mathilde's growing romantic infatuation with Leon. Though Besson handles this responsibly and with sensitivity, it is nonetheless sure to make some viewers queasy.  <br />Nevertheless, for open-minded viewers who like a little character development with their bulletfests, &quot;Leon, The Professional&quot; is clearly the superior version.<br />My only complaints are this:  First, it would have made far more sense to have waited to release this film as a &quot;Terminator 2: Judgement Day&quot;-style &quot;Ultimate Edition&quot; that included both the original US cut and the Director's Cut on one disc.   That way viewers could've had the best of both worlds.  Many die-hard fans of this movie likely already own &quot;The Professional&quot; on DVD and are now going to be debating whether or not they want to buy &quot;Leon, The Professional&quot; for the additional footage.<br />Secondly, this DVD is remarkably light on extras.   Other than the obligatory trailers, the only other item of note is a set of still photos showing variant promo-posters from around the world.  <br />Given that this is a Director's Cut, a commentary from Besson explaining why he editedout the restored scenes for the original American release would've been quite enlightening.<br />But the real reason to own this DVD is the film itself.  Unlike all too many all too many directors who don't understand that some &quot;lost&quot; footage should stay lost, Besson has done us a service by making this version available to fans.
B000002BMV|5.0|After the tour that culminated in the release of the live album Captured, founding member, keyboardist Greg Rollie left the band.  He was replaced by ex-Baby's keyboardist Jonathan Cain.  Mr. Cain brought more of a pop sensibility to the band than Mr. Rollie had and he also brought along with him a song that would define Journey's sound for the next decade.  The song was &quot;Open Arms&quot; and it helped usher in the term known as the power ballad. The song became the band's all-time biggest hit.  It is perfectly suited for Steve Perry's soaring and powerful vocals and he hits every note with perfection.  The song hit number two for six weeks and has been played at countless proms and weddings.  &quot;Don't Stop Believin'&quot; is another classic with its driving keyboard riff and anthem-like quality that peaked at number eight.  &quot;Stone In Love&quot; is a strong hard rocker and &quot;Still They Ride&quot; is a mid-tempo rocker.  &quot;Who's Cryin' Now&quot; is another great song that has a haunting keyboard sound and piercing Neal Schon guitar solo that was the album's first single and the band's first top ten hit, peaking at number four.  The album established the band as megastars and became their first and only album to peak at number one.  The album is a perfect combination and ballads, rockers and mid-tempo songs and they were never able to reach such lofty heights again.
B000056V73|5.0|Crowe captured every feeling I had for the music represented in this stunning movie.  Anyone who can remember first hearing The Who's &quot;Tommy&quot; (especially if it was by a &quot;cool&quot; older brother or sister) will definately appreciate the reminder to how essential the music is to one's life.  This is the best movie that has came out in a while, very possibly, Coppola's &quot;Virgin Suicides&quot;.  Rent and enjoy!
B00003CX8J|5.0|I was not a marvel fan when I first went to see this movie.  This movie is very well made.  There is no corny comic book stuff.  It is all action!  I saw this in the theatre twice! The actors are great and the story line is eventful!  I would recommend this to all of my friends!
6305399212|5.0|Sigourney Weaver deserved an Oscar for this role, she played the gamut of emotions and proved she is an actress for the 21st Century.  But it is enough to see her as Ripley, who is at first bewildered waking up 57 years in the future.  Still it doesn't take her long to take charge.  The pace, pitch and power of this film is faster and gritter than the original, but it would have to be when the Space Marines take center stage!<br />James Cameron added a number of pluses to this film which give all the leads depth...even Lance Hendriksen's performance as a synthetic human is both warm, yet chilling.  Newt is a treasure, in funny, innocent ways she provides a counterbalance to the tough adults surrounding her.  <br />Enough from me.  Catch this film on DVD and decide for yourself.
1840813571|4.0|KIDNAPPED is a mazing I wish I could write down every thing about it but this a review so I'll only tell you some of the begaining. A boy Named Davie is an orphan who is on the way to his uncles and he meets him and the uncles a very crule man. when Davie realizes that his life is in Dangered he wants to see a lawyer but first the uncle insist that they go on Covenant (a big sailing ship) and thats when he gets kidnapped its also when the book gets really good!! from there on the book deals with pirates and the sailing open seas its a great book dont miss it!
B000002U8G|5.0|I am going to keep this short,this album sells itself and is  excellent and has sounds that will appeal to every and any Pink Floyd fan.fantastic listening anytime but if you happen to be driving it will make any trip worth it.it contains a bit of everything Pink Floyd style.Buy it you won't be sorry!
0790744473|5.0|You've never seen a musical quite like &quot;Brigadoon&quot;. Charming and rich and amusing and romantic, it's a musical that seems to have everything: colorful songs, marvelous dancing, and a unique story. And with Gene Kelly, Van Johnson, and Cyd Charisse as the stars of the show, you know you're in for great entertainment. And with Vincente Minnelli as the director, you know you're in for something that's just beautiful.<br />The story follows two hunters, Tommy Albright (Kelly), and Jeff Douglas (Johnson), on a joytrip to Scotland. The men lose their way and accidentally stumble onto the animated Scottish land of Brigadoon, bustling with boisterous merchants, cheery townsfolk, and beautiful women. When Tommy meets the beautiful Fiona Campbell (Charisse), it's love at first sight. But to his dismay, Tommy realizes that they may be forced apart when he learns that Brigadoon is a magical land that appears only once every century. In making his decision, Tommy realizes that &quot;if you love someone enough, anything can happen... even miracles.&quot;<br />Beautifully photographed by Minnelli with his artist's eye, and bubbling with a rousing and wonderful musical score including the title song, and many others: The Scots singing and dancing to the boisterous &quot;Go Home With Bonnie Jean&quot;, Kelly and Charisse waltzing through &quot;The Heather On The Hill&quot;, Kelly's marvelous (very 'Singin' In The Rain'-esque) rendition of &quot;It's Almost Like Being In Love&quot;, and the film's incredible &quot;Wedding Dance&quot;. And the cast couldn't be better: Kelly has never been more likable, Charisse never more appealing, and Johnson never quite as cynical. And a great supporting cast including Barry Jones, Virginia Bosler, Albert Sharpe and Hugh Laing add extra flavor to the show. <br />Timeless and fresh after almost fifty years, &quot;Brigadoon&quot; is a movie to be treasured, and enjoyed, by every generation, and stands as one of the last great achievements of the MGM musicals.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This film is somewhat of a sleeper.  Although it did not win Best Picture, it does give a slightly more realistic portrait of the everyday mistakes and pitfalls in which humanity suffers.  However, many viewers were probably somewhat uplifted by the giddy spirit &quot;American Beauty&quot; seemed to hold, while &quot;Magnolia&quot;  is depressing in an almost suicidal fashion.<br />The premise is one of simplicity:  An extremely detailed portrait of the lives of nine humans living in San Fernando Valley.  Most of them don't know each other, although three or four of them are related.  Some of the characters' secrets will be exposed on this day, some will make amends, and some will &quot;...just, give up...&quot;  as a little boy sings in the last line of the Aimee Mann song &quot;Wise Up,&quot;  which all the characters have a part in singing at the end of the film.<br />What easily could've been a bland film, this is so far from it!!!!  The performances, especially from Tom Cruise, Julianne Moore, and Jason Robards are electrifying and stunning, especially when Moore and Cruise break down (her in a drugstore, he at his dying father's bedside).  At the day's end, the sky poors a little more than rain...something it probably hasn't poured before or ever will again...<br />P.T. Anderson makes it a point to use rather warm lighting, yet somewhat bland colors in certain scenes to create a stark contrast.  This film is not meant to be extremely uplifting, although it does seem to want to tell us that it's never to late to say &quot;I'm sorry&quot; to someone we've hurt.  The film is also highly enhanced by its haunting score, and the wonderful songs from the remarkable Aimee Mann (most notably &quot;One,&quot;  &quot;Save Me,&quot;  and &quot;Wise Up,&quot;  which are used throughout the film).  <br />For all it's worth, &quot;Magnolia&quot;  is a great piece of the detail of everyday human life in a 24 hour period, and at its epic running time, it seems that it could encompass an entire day.
B000059TPN|5.0|If you want a review of the movie itself, check one of the other reviews. However, if you like this movie you would probably appreciate the Criterion Edition. This version of &quot;The Rock&quot; is a significant improvement over the original DVD release. The sound and picture are noticably better. Also, there is an entire disc of Bonus Features that you may find interesting.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Heat is without question the best movie I own. Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro both turn in quality performances with the aid of Val Kilmer and others(ok, maybe they could have left out Henry Rollins). The picture and sound are both excellent, there are four or five outstanding action sequences which utilize the complete 5.1 audio spectrum. Of particular note is the bank heist shootout which is undoubtedly the best ten minutes of DVD in existence. In addition, the ending of the movie is also quite a technical masterpiece as well. Be warned that the movie is three hours in length, so it will not appeal to the MI:2 crowd. One final note, the action scenes are a disappointment without a 5.1 speaker system. All in all though, I consider this movie as essential to a DVD library as other greats like the Matrix.
B00005A8MA|5.0|The surprise that I've kept listening to for 30 years--with many of the people Mayall nurtured--Clapton, Mick Taylor, Johnny Almond, and some great violin work from Sugarcane Harris.  From his caution about drugs in Accidental Suicide to his comments on modern life (Prisons on the Road and Television Eye) to home and family, Mayall melds blues, rock, and his own style.
B000002HPV|1.0|I don't understand what the hype is about.  This girl cannot sing. She mumbles to music.
B00003CXGG|4.0|Jus' another one of the style perfected by jet  li! just chill!! along with it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|The only bad thing I have to say about this ablum is that I wish it were longer.  Now this is actually the first Radiohead album I ever bouhgt.  I loved paranoid android and decided to buy it.  This ablum made me a fan of Radiohead and what is sometimes called critically oriented rock. This album is not for everyone.  I can only imagine that you love it or hate it.
0671891634|5.0|Not being critical of the reviewer in the title but it would seem his closing comments have come back to hount him.  Tchiang felt that Lynch's advise was dated.  Of course, his comment was in 1999 when the Internet rocket appeared to be heading to another universe.  I read this book before One up on Wall Street and found it reassuring.  I also started to question Mr. Lynch's techniques over the last couple of years but it would seem the last year (2000 into early 2001) would reaffirm that fads and quick rich schemes are not for the average investor.  Do your reseach, buy what you know, and buy for the long term.
B0000048X8|1.0|(zero stars) This film makes the home shopping network seem like Indiana Jones.<br />Basically a guy dies at the beggining (you never even see this person) next thing you know, your sitting at his funeral.  The whole funeral, speaker after speaker.  I get board sitting through an entire funeral even when its someone I know. I sure as hell don't want to sit through a funeral for someone I never met. Especially when its not real.<br />Guess what, thats the high point of the movie, it goes down hill from there.  A bunch of freinds gather at this big summer home and talk about their freind throughout the rest of the movie.  I only stayed figuring something has to happen, it can't be this boring throughout.  I was rong, it was. Oh yeah, and they get stoned and drunk while they talk about this charactur.  I would have gotten more enjoyment out of staring at wallpaper for 2 hours or how ever long the movie was.<br />I will say this, it had good acting, but what was there to act on.<br />I can't emagine what all those high reviewers got out of it. Their obviosly big time soap opera fans.  Or mabey into psycology.
B000050XEI|5.0|This album is absolutely enchanting... I recommend it whole-heartedly.  It carries the usual &quot;magic&quot; one would come to expect from Enya.  It's absolutely wonderful.
B00004Z459|1.0|This album was a big disappoint to me.  One Step Closer is a pretty good song but the rest are a totally different style.  Some tracks actually sound similar to N' Sync and Backstreet Boy tunes.  Too much rapping also.  If you are into pop boy bands and rap hip hop then this album is for you.  The first song on the track is ok though.
B00004VXF2|1.0|You can't have MMM on CD, because the final trick cannot be translated on a CD.  That's all I've got to say.  Trainspotters will know what I'm talking about.
B000009CEM|5.0|This album is magnificent.  It will blow the socks off you.  I love the versatility of Burton C. Bell's voice , he can rap, scream, and has a a great singing voice.  The first track &quot; Shock &quot; quickly became one of my favorite songs.  Descent, Edgecrusher, and Resurrection are other stand out tracks, but overall this album kills!!!!!
B000006045|5.0|this is the best album ever recorded. there is a deepness in every track, there is a coldness that heats the deep inside of our anxious soul. it's like I'm in a labirynth, and as I go trought it, trying to find an exit, I find suprises in every corner, and I feel like they are watching us. the sky is black, there is a possibility of rain. I can't get out, it's becoming very hard to find the way, I'm getting psicotic. at last, there is a door. a door to the real world. I safely run into the exit. I turn back and enter the maze again.
B000002H97|2.0|Some say this is the greatest achievement by Metallica, those people are not true metal fans, this is when Metallica turned their backs on their true fans who where with them ever since 1983 when they had no money and no kind of corporate backing but put out awesome music, ok maybe I'm being a little to harsh this album does have some ok tunes like Sandman and Holier Than Though, but overall this album is a complete back stab to the real metal community...
0140067477|5.0|I first read The Tao of Pooh in my sophomore year of high school, which is one of those &quot;in-between&quot; years where it's simply difficult to keep your head above the water at any given moment.  Stress of school, family, the pressure to fit in...it all winds up consuming you at that age.  Benjamin Hoff's book reminded me of the important things in life- the simple things- and how much time was wasted on the little unimportant parts.  I didn't read a lot of Pooh when I was a kid, but it isn't necessary to fully enjoy this book.  To this day, I pull it out whenever I need a reminder to breathe and to just enjoy the day to day of life.  My favorite quote:<br />The clouds above us join and separate, the breeze in the courtyard leaves and returns.  Life is like that, so why not relax?  Who can stop us from celebrating?        -Lu Yu<br />And that's what The Tao of Pooh is about.
6304578482|5.0|Although I have tried to write a review for this movie for about 3 months, I came back another time to write another one.   I LOVE THIS MOVIE! It is hilarious, dumb, well-acted and great! I LOVE IT! A+! Great '80s soundtrack,too!
0140284087|5.0|It's almost impossible to write funny about humor, and anyone who writes seriously about it is  doomed to come off as a fuddy duddy. E.B. White, a funny writer himself, once said that analyzing  humor is like dissecting a frog, in that the thing tends to die in the process and the results will be  interesting only to the purely scientific mind.  -Andrew Ferguson, Divine Comedy : P.G. Wodehouse's perfect pitch<br />Two things the critics generally agree on are that : (1) P. G. Wodehouse is one of the funniest writers  in the English language; and, (2)  it's almost impossible to explain why.  Among the various  authorities cited for the difficulty in analyzing humor are Evelyn Waugh and Sigmund Freud,  themselves authors of hilarious fictions.  Suffice it to say, and I mean this in the very best sense, the  enjoyments of the Jeeves and Wooster stories are much the same as those of the great TV sitcoms.  Wodehouse created these two great comic characters, surrounded them in each story with oddballs,  plunked them all down in trying situations, and then had the inimitable Jeeves extract Bertie and his  upper-class nitwit friends from their difficulties through various stratagems and diversions.  Though  Andrew Ferguson and others deny that there is any deeper meaning or political content to the stories, it  is at least notable that the finest young gentlemen in all of England are hopelessly overmatched by life  unless Jeeves steps in to save them.  The resulting stories have a certain sameness to them--of course,  just try watching ten episodes of Cheers in a row and see if it's still fresh and amusing in hour  five--but read in moderation they are immensely enjoyable and their very familiarity becomes quite  comforting.<br />GRADE : A+
B000056K04|5.0|I was listening to &quot;Before these crowded streets&quot; right before I got this CD...their style of play is similar, but has definately changed a little bit.<br />I would actually give this 4.5 stars, based on the fact its a bit different than they're old stuff. Gone are the get-up tunes like &quot;Stay,&quot; no more anthems like &quot;Tripping Hillbilly,&quot; and no more lyrically beautiful songs such as, &quot;Satellite.&quot; <br />However, its a great CD. I was able to listen to it all the way through and wasnt unimpresed by any particular song.  The tunes all seem to be laid back.  A few songs pick up the tempo a bit, but not as much as they used too.  All in all, if your a DMB fan you'll be surprised, but should like it nonetheless.  If you havent heard DMB before, definately, definately check this one out, it seems to be more enroute with majority.
B000056K04|1.0|After an extremely long hiatus from the studio (three years) the Dave Matthews Band hasn't lived up to expectations.  Not that  expectations were extremely high since Dave has been on the road incessantly over the past few years, but everything seems to be missing from Everyday besides an annoying electric guitar and superficial lyrics.  Yes, Dave has replaced his well loved electric-acoustic with a droning electric guitar, making the once unique band sound as common as the next mainstream rock band.  Where once Dave Matthews fans found a certain comfort in his extraordingary music, safely apart from the rest of the mostly mundane rock of today, there is nothing left of interest in the album Everyday, none of the previous magic left.  Maybe the album would have been of some worth if Dave had allowed his bandmates some part in the spotlight, but the well-loved jams of Dave's songs are no longer existent, and it takes a well trained ear to capture any part that the saxophone or violin play in most of the songs on the album.  The lyrics in Dave's albums have always left something to be desired, but in Everyday there is no point in listening to anything Dave has to say.  Inevitably, it seems as if Dave has finally given up his unique musical talents to meet the demand of the record company and the market.  Maybe we can hope that the Dave Matthews Band will return to what they once had in their next album: so until then we'll have to turn off the radio when &quot;I Did It&quot; comes on and wait patiently once again.
B00003CXDG|2.0|Most who watch this lukewarm movie-making mess of a debacle will wonder why they waited around till the visually stunning (if not Woo-cliched) final action sequence, which is the only redeeming aspect of the &quot;film&quot;. Tom Cruise, a usually competent actor, gives a sub-par performance, but manages to look pretty through harrowing action sequences. Depth in a performance is achieved only by Thandie Newton, who isn't really seen much in the film, unfortunately.
0394716787|5.0|...Like the poems &quot;Mysterious Star&quot; and &quot;To Octavia&quot;.  It also doesn't have Poe's book on the universe &quot;Eureka&quot;.  The the dates of publication for the stories and poems are not included.  <br />Yet overall, it's a good book for non-scholars (or obsessed Poe fans who need to devour all the knowledgeable material about him like me)
0792833279|5.0|Elmore Leonard's scalpel-sharp dialogue is brought to the silver screen in a rare film - one that does the book justice. Sonnenfeld helms an absolutely taut movie complete with stellar performances and memorable set pieces - in short, one you shouldn't miss.
B000059RL3|5.0|Knowing that I had enjoyed Marvin's music for many years, my wife gave me this Deluxe edition as an anniversary present.  Initially, I wasn't too enthusiastic;  I already had the album and didn't know what more the new edition could give to me.  Was I wrong!  The &quot;Detroit Mix&quot; gives me a whole different take on the music.  As another reviewer has said, it is more percussive and heavier than the L.A. mix.  It also feels far more real to me than the polished version that we've been listening to for years. <br />If you think that you know &quot;What's Going On?&quot;, get this album and get to know all over again.
B00000IMCW|5.0|The most exiting zombie movie of this millenium past,and present!
0385493800|5.0|I read this book when it first came out, and the images stuck with me ever since.  Pictures of the South American rain forest are vivid, alive and full of action.  Unexpected twists and turns with every new page.  This novel is creative, shocking and destined to be a classic.  Troy Phelan's greedy relatives are masterful characters!!!
B00004STPT|4.0|This is a very stirring composition but watch out for the use of composite soundtracks during the first battle scene. Listen carefully as the barbarian chief throws the head of the soldier back to the assembled legions...at that point you will hear part of the soundtrack of the film &quot;Zulu&quot; circa 1964. It runs for about 8 seconds but it is unmistakeable! Otherwise, the music is very effective and is most appropriate  for the movie.
B00003CXR1|3.0|We've seen the story of 'Chocolat' a thousand times before: Strangers come to little society. Little society tries to get rid of strangers - 'Nobody shall make changes HERE'. Strangers win in the end - Little society realizes strangers brought something new, something good.<br />It's told in a pretty way, the Rocher chocolate being the building stone and the thread linking people, situations, humour, envy, intrigues together. In the end, this becomes a little too sentimentally dreaming. But pretty it is.
068485015X|3.0|There is alot of technical psychological and spiritual terminology which will not keep everyone's attention.  However, there are some very good examples of the powers of psychotherapy and how an open mind can help anyone. The case of Kathy is especially captivating as this situation in particular shows that healing and change takes a great amount of time and willingness to trust.  There are good examples on how life events can effect one's growth.  Theadore's case is another good example that illustrates that.<br />Life is difficult where there are many trials and tribulations.  People who realize this and are willing to work hard will be on the way to understanding the principles of this book better.  The over reliance on psycho-terminology reduces the effectiveness but overall it has much merit.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot isn't Metal ok! Rap-rock is the word for it! I hate all of these songs on this album and the band too as well! Try true Metal! Like!Cannibal Corpse,cryptopsy,morbidangel,pantera,slayer,deicide,suffocation six feet under,vader,napalm death,fear factory,nile,old sepultura,mortician,obituary and old machine head! I would say the old metallica and megadeth but even their old stuff is getting on my nerves anymore because of followers who listen to stuff like slipknot,korn,and bizkit! If you want somehting heavy listen to those bands i named and then give me a call and tell me what true metal is and what's not like SLIPKNOT!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Heard reports that Radiohead had progressive rock inclinations, thus decided to check them out with this recording.<br />OK Computer is a great progressive rock recording. A little less intricate than current recordings by King Crimson and less melodic than recordings by Spock's Beard and the Flower Kings.<br />As stated by Amazon.com, &quot; OK Computer it is about the way machines dehumanize people&quot;, thus has a positive robotic texture to the recording because it is very complicated and adventerous without being self-indulgent.<br />To show where I am coming from; after buying OK Computer I bought The Bends from Radiohead, which I found to be too poppy/too pop musicish for my taste.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This is a film where the low-minded go in, joking about its &quot;adult&quot; nature, hoping to see some good skinny.  When they come out, though, they shut their mouths and try to hold back the sobs.<br />Yes, this film went unrated.  Yes, there is an explicit sex scene.  Now that that's out of the way, we move on.<br />This is also easily the most disturbing movie I have ever seen, chronicling the downfall of a small group of Coney Island residents, due to their despairs and their addictions.  Springboarding off of the novel by Hubert Selby Jr, director Darren Aronofski picks up where he left off with &quot;Pi,&quot; using the camera to express the mental phases of it's characters.  Consider a scene in which a character is dealing with the conflicting effects of taking uppers and downers at the same time.  As we watch through a distorted lens, everyone around her speeds up and slows down at random, creating a disjointed effect.<br />Playing with speed and sound may seem a bit gimmicky to some, but no one can possibly doubt the power of Ellen Burstyn's performance.  As she plays out her characters descent, there were many times I forced myself to remember:  &quot;It's only an act.  She's really just fine.&quot;  Also of note is Marlon Wayons.  Yes, *that* Marlon Wayons.  This is his first truly serious role (please, don't tell me you count &quot;Dungeons and Dragons&quot; as serious!), and he does it with aplomb.  I hope we see more of him!<br />Oh, and that score!  Clint Mansell (&quot;Pi,&quot; &quot;Resident Evil&quot;) along with the Kronos Quartet create a plodding, relentless, yet mesmerizing score, which only underlines the fact that this story can only go one direction.<br />&quot;Why would anyone want to see a film that's so effectively depressing,&quot; you may be asking by now.  Easy:  this is as bad as it gets.  No matter where you are in life, if you can rent a video you most likely are not this bad off.  Now, go out, and make the best of it!
B000059TPN|5.0|First of all, I do not like Nicolas Cage that much.  He overacts, has annoying hand motions, and thinks much too highly of himself.  That said, this movie still really works.  Sean Connery does a great job as the old spy who's unjustly imprisoned after all these years.  This movie is not about substance.  It is purely designed for style.  And on the DVD format, it really shines.  From the car chase to the planes, the picture quality is excellent and there are few DVD's that have better sound.  So if you're looking to show off your DVD player and sound system, this isn't a bad choice.  Plus the whole second disc of extras are really cool.  The Rock has the right mix of action and comedy, and Ed Harris and Sean Connery do really good jobs.  All in all a top notch DVD.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a well-written and well-composed book. Lois Lowry, the author, deserves an award on the amazing job she did portraying the utopian ideals.  This book is truly one of the best I have ever read.  Jonas, the main character, is a smart and deep character.  I could not put the book down.  At first you truly believe that the society they live in is for the best.  As you read on you learn more about the community and the way it works.  I recommend this book to everyone who enjoys an excellent book.
B00004UEDQ|4.0|This is a very entertaining and touching movie, I enjoyed it with my family! Sandra Bullock at her best and Betty Thomas show us that a movie about drunks and alcohol doesnt need to be rated R.
B000002BUY|5.0|This cd is awesome. However it is different from &quot;Make yourself&quot;. The difference is that &quot;SCIENCE&quot; is more hard rock and faster pace. More for the head bangers and people who like jumping around the room but who will enjoy softer lyrics in the hard songs it self. &quot;Make Yourself&quot; is more for the people who like mellow rock and it's good for listening to when you had a tough day at work or school. There are some hard songs on &quot;Make Yourself&quot;. Like &quot;Out From Under&quot; and &quot;Make Yourself&quot;. So there is a difference between these two cd's. I like them both. It just depends on what I'm in the mood for. If I wanna jump around the room and go crazy. Put on some &quot;SCIENCE&quot;. If I wanna rest and relax for awhile. Then it's gonna be &quot;Make Yourself&quot;. This cd is one of the best cd's I bought. I would tell anyone to get this cd that like's metal. It's SIMPLY SCIENCE. Peace out music lovers.
0780619609|5.0|Yeah, this movie is like way better than &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;
6305736650|5.0|If you haven't seen CASABLANCA, you're in for a real treat. Not only is it a love story but it's a thriller set in Vichy France Casablanca with intrigue and broken hearts.  And, unlike many movies that started out with good intentions, this baby delivers in all areas, even story.<br />Some real twists and a great surprise ending.  A real gem.  Hold on to this one and love it.
B00003CXE7|3.0|As I left the theatre to this film, I overheard a lady telling her husband that it was a simple story of good guy versus bad guy.  No complexity.<br />She pretty much hit the nail on the head.  KAWHAP!  <br />I found this film to be good for its special effects and costumes and mediocre to above average in storyline.  The former for the costumes, wonderful renditions of the colosseum and city of Rome . . . but not so good story as there were a few plot holes.  I don't want to give anything away but look for these elements:<br />(1) the opening battle scene (anticlimatic);<br />(2) self absorbed Emperor Commodus who slowed down the pace of the story;<br />(3) overly slow flashbacks and dreams;<br />(4) atrocious Historical accuracy: there was an Emperor Commodus but he wasn't slain in the ring; one of his competitors had a wrestler slay him;<br />(5) one word gets out that a Roman general is alive, his troops tended to march upon any city to free him.  This was typical in Roman History when the leader was well loved as Maximus was . . .woops! . .. of course, we never hear much about it.<br />(6) If Commodus wanted to win the love of the people, there are better ways than matching swords with some ex general who hates your guts.<br />The GOOD PARTS OF THE FILM WERE:<br />(1) wonderful colosseum fights; kudos to the Battle of Carthage in the middle;<br />(2) Russel Crowe did a great job (anyone notice how surprised he looked to have gotten best actor in the AA?);<br />(3) wonderful cinematography of the city, colosseum, tigers and the seven hills of rome; the birds; the sunlight; etc<br />(4) great and realistic looking costumes; believable extras; and<br />(5) some pretty good backstory with the minor characters, as well as the main character.<br />While I don't feel this deserved best film, Hollywood has always had a soft spot for big epic pieces (look at TITANIC).
0553106635|5.0|For the love of God I hope he doesn't wait 2 more years for the next installment...<br />         ... This is by far the best fantasy series I have ever read.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I first heard about this movie, I didn't want to see it. I thought it would be a long, drawn-out testosterone party where men find fulfillment through hitting each other. And in a way, I was right: the film is about two men who found a secret society in which men can find emotional/spiritual release through pounding on each other in a dark basement.<br />However, on this one I was much more wrong than right, and what makes my situation unique is that I have rarely been so delighted to be wrong!<br />*Fight Club* is about much more than boxing. It is a priceless look into the psyche of one man, and perhaps of men in general. It all begins when the Our Hero can't sleep. He complains to his doctor, who sends him to support groups to see some people with *real* problems, and soon Our Hero is a AA/CODA/Menwithoutcojones junkie. The groups enable him to vent some of his frustration at the fact that his life has no meaning that he can see. While attending several support groups on a rotational schedule, he meets Marla, a scruffy chick who attends because &quot;It's cheaper than a movie and they have free coffee&quot;. She disturbs him and angers him, but his reaction to her is *nothing* compared to his reaction to Tyler Durden, a mysterious man he meets on a plane who spends his time making his own soap and living in the moment. They bond immediately, and one night, Tyler asks for Our Hero to hit him. He has never been in a fight and wants the experience.  Things snowball from there. Pretty soon, they are fighting every night, and then other men join them and pretty soon, Fight Club is born. From a small, secret club in the basement of Lou's Tavern, it then grows into a nationwide organziation bent on chaos and destruction, and only Our Hero has the power to stop it.<br />What is so priceless about this movie is how the fights show a little bit about how people behave when their lives are stagnant. The hero loses everything when his apartment blows up, and is so deademotionally that he doesn't much care. Tyler has nothing at all, but he is strong and alive and hell-bent on simply *being*. The men who join Fight Club are also looking for meaning and purpose in their own lives, and Tyler provides them with that meaning. The act of fighting galvanzies them, makes them feel like they can change their lives and it makes them feel strong and capable of handling anything. It also lets them bond closely with each other, and has--ironically enough--that support-group atmosphere where it helps so much to know there are others like you. As Fight Club getts bigger and crazier, Marla emerges as an unlikely catalyst of reason, who finally pulls the hero away from insanity and back to who he truly is.<br />I won't give the ending away...i'll just say if you haven't seen it, DO SO!
B000001EAQ|3.0|With thier phenomenal &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; and interesting &quot;Zooropa,&quot; you would think that U2's next experiment with music would be as good as their preceding albums.  On &quot;Pop,&quot; it is all techno.  This is in no way U2, but neither was &quot;Zooropa,&quot; so this is not such a bad thing.  But even though U2 searches their spiritual soul with &quot;Pop,&quot; the music never matches the lyrics.<br />&quot;Pop&quot; opens with 'Discotheque', which is a great opener for the rest of the album.  It's both exhilirating and playful, though it sounds as though Bono was on esctasy when he wrote it.  It opens well, but you'll soon find that most of the songs have repetive beats and riffs (as so with techno), and though Bono may have wrote good lyrics, his voice in so synthed and low that you would never know that he felt this was his most personal album lyrically.  Songs such as 'If God Will Send His Angels' and 'Do You Feel Loved' follow this.  Then their are flat out badly produced, badly written songs that have no rythym or constant beats that just have a squeek here and a bang there, like 'Miami' and 'If You Wear That Velvet Dress (this song has great potential with Bono's lustful singing, but his voice in so quiet that you can barely here it).<br />This isn't to say that there aren't high points in the album.  'MoFo' is actually a very interesting song, which is Bono's favorite, about the regrets of the death of his mother.  This is the most pure techno song on the album, especially with the synthesized harmonica.  'Gone' shows very good singing on Bono's part, and a very haunting riff from Edge.  Best of all is 'Staring at the Sun,' which is one of U2's best songs.  It's hard to describe it unless you here it, because the guitar riff is spotty, and the lyrics don't sound right unless you here Bono sing them, but on the album it's a beautiful song.<br />This is by far NOT U2's best album, and the lower part of the '90's Trilogy.'  There are some high points, and some low points.  Those who hated U2's change in direction after &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; will loathe this album, while those of us (such as I) who embraced the change will find it an interesting close to U2's mark of the 90s.
B000059R8Y|5.0|If you are a long time EC fan like me you will luv this one.  It's the best since Behind the Sun.  Outstanding sound quality.
B000050FEN|4.0|For what it does it's a effective little horror film if a bit gruesome to watch at times.  Unfortunately this is Finchers only good movie, he's not that great of a director.  He seems to be lost in his own visuals.  Let's face it, other than seven none of his other movies made money,  and most of them were flawed.  The Game kept running on, Fight Club had a cop out ending and Alien3 was just plain awful.  If given a decent script and if he sticks to it, like seven, he can actually make a decent film.  Left to his own devices tho and he's off on a tangent.  Some directors are like that.
B000056NX5|5.0|bravo! i purchased this dvd today with mixed feelings and did not expect too much, having seen the film numerous times and the broadway show 3 times. wow, was i ever floored! great acting, great singing by all, the very best score al webber ever did! here it simply pulsates and rocks with passion and emotion! the audio asnd picture quality are superb as well!  an instant classic not to be missed, but to savor over and over!  bravo.. it is filled with such showstoppers that broadway today would not know how to even begin!
B000002H97|2.0|This album sold so well because the public was so ready for a new release. It was, to me, a major letdown.  All metal heads were salivating for that record.  It had been almost 4 years since &quot;Injustice for All&quot;! The mainstream was also ready to embrace the band and Metallica knew this.  The album lacks the creativity of all their other works up to that point.  I understand that they didnt want to be a thrash band anymore and that is why I gave the album so many listens.  The fact is that MTV can sell them now so they are big.  Metallica's musical quality has steadily gone down while album sales go up.  It happens all the time.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Most of the major Beatle fanatics have passed &quot;1&quot; by saying things like &quot;Well, I've already got all those songs anyway.&quot;  Well, even if you do, this CD is well worth getting.  All the songs have been digitally remastered, and there's one great song after another.  There's absolutely no song that doesn't please the ear, wheather it's &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; or &quot;Ticket to Ride&quot; your ear is greeted with sonic pleasure for the whole 74 minutes that this CD plays.  Well worth a buy!
B000002L6P|5.0|&quot;Like a Virgin&quot; is one of Madonna's greatest albums.<br />Song Reviews (out of 5 *'s):<br />Track 01, Material Girl: ***** This is a truly classic song. This original mix is 20 times better than the mix on the Immaculate Collection.<br />Track 02, Angel: ****1/2  Very good job, although the laughing at the beginning and how she pronounces &quot;angel&quot; bring it 1/2 point down.<br />Track 03, Like a Virgin: ****1/2 Nice song for the title track, but I think that the mix on the Immaculate Collection is better.<br />Track 04, Over and Over: ***** This song deserves 10 stars. This is truly a dance song. When I listen to it, I just want to stand up and dance! Definitely the best song on the album.<br />Track 05, Love Don't Live Here Anymore: **** The vocals are beautiful, but I think this song just isn't Madonna (it is a cover for a song by another singer).<br />Track 06, Dress You Up (In My Love): ***** This is a great song. The beginning really relates to later works in &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; but then it gets more happy and upbeat. I think the beginning is the strongest part, but it's wonderful.<br />Track 07, Shoo-Bee-Doo: *** The worst song on the album. When she sang this, she hadn't mastered the art of ballads. Too sad for this album.<br />Track 08, Pretender: **** This song is good, but a little repetitive. The best part is this part in the middle where she sings &quot;You lied, you lied&quot; about ten times.<br />Track 09, Stay: ***** Great ending song. Very good.
1573225517|5.0|As self-centered as the main character really is, you cannot help but identify with him.  There is a part of Rob in all of us, and that is what makes this book so unique and identifiable.<br />Rob's kindred approach to his own relationships are the most intriguing part of this book to me.  All at once cynical and methodical, yet immature and innocent.  Hornsby presents a wondrous portrayal of this difficult character.
B000059R8Y|4.0|Anytime, Eric Clapton releases a new album, it's an event. His last effort, the collaboration with B.B. King, Riding with the King was one of the best of his career. However, I had some major reservations about this one. Clapton's last `solo' album, Pilgrim, was a disappointment. Prior to actually hearing Reptile, everything I'd read about it said the CD was just so-so. Maybe because of that, I was pleasantly surprised. Reptile has a decidedly different sound to it, mostly due to the backing vocals by The Impressions. They add a soulful touch that, until now, has never been heard on a Clapton album. Also, the drum machines that were so prevalent on Pilgrim are nowhere to be found. This time out, it's all real instruments. <br />EC goes after a number of musical styles on Reptile, and for the most part, they all work well. Although half of the songs on the CD are covers, Clapton turns in one inspired performance after another--on both vocals and guitar. The title track is a laid-back instrumental with a tropical, smooth jazz feel. The first highlights are all covers--\\"Got You On My Mind,\\" J.J. Cale's \\"Travelin' Light\\" and a smoldering version of the Ray Charles classic, \\"Come Back Baby.\\" \\"Travelin' Light\\" features some excellent slide work from EC, while the other two have more of an `old-time' blues sound to them. <br />\\"Broken Down\\" finds EC in a soulful mood, serving up some inspired vocals (with help from The Impressions) and a tasty acoustic guitar solo. Bassist Nathan East steps into the spotlight for a solo (a rare occurrence on an Eric Clapton record) on Stevie Wonder's \\"I Ain't Gonna Stand For It,\\" the first single from the CD. The most interesting cover on Reptile is James Taylor's \\"Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight.\\" Clapton takes the JT ballad and turns it into a soulful, slow blues number. B.B. King's influence comes through loud and clear on the track, with EC's stabbing guitar licks. <br />The CD ends with another instrumental, the introspective \\"Son &amp; Sylvia.\\" Reptile may not be the best thing that Clapton's ever released, but it's definitely no slouch. Take the best parts of Unplugged, add in a bit of From the Cradle, and mix well. The result is Reptile. Fans still aren't getting the rock album that they've been clamoring for (the closest EC comes to rocking out is on \\"Superman Inside\\"), but they won't be disappointed with this release.
B000002URV|5.0|I loved this albumn from the moment I first heard it.  I use it for meditating, before going to bed, or to simply relax.  Extremely spiritual with a modern twist.
6303168507|5.0|This is Steven Spielberg's tribute to the victims of the Holocaust.  Filmed with stunning precision, in Black and White to stress the stark bleakness of the situation faced by the Jews in Nazi occupied Poland, this is also the story of one man's attempt to bring humanity to a totally inhumane situation.<br />   Liam Neeson plays Oskar Schindler, a German war profiteer who comes to Poland with next to nothing but a plan to fleece the Third Reich and leave with &quot;steamer trunks&quot; full of cash.  He takes advantage of the forced relocation of Polish Jews to the ghetto in Cracow and establishes, through somewhat shady means, the Deutsche Emailwaren Fabrik, where he manufactures enamel ware for the Wehrmacht.  In the process of starting his business, he enlists the aid of Ben Kingsley (Itzak Stern) the former chief accountant of the company.  Schindler then proceeds with his program, but he needs workers.<br />    Schindler, a master of the con, convinces several influential officers in the Allegmeine SS that hisplan can be mutually beneficial for all.  The Jews in the ghetto will be the workers (slaves) and Schindler will &quot;take care&quot; of his Nazi partners.  One of the most despicable is SS Untersturmfuhrer (later Hauptsturmfuhrer) Amon Goeth, played with chilling accuracy by Ralph Fiennes.  While partnering with Schindler, Goeth amuses himself by randomly sniping into the camp from the veranda of his house (which overlooks the camp's perimeter).  He also involves himself in many of the construction details and there is a frightening look at his character when he arbitrarily executes a female Jewish civil engineer simply because she points out that the foundation for a barracks was poured wrong.  He orders one of his sergeants to shoot her and then, takes her advice anyway.  He turns to his staff and says, &quot;we will not argue with these people...&quot;<br />    Arbeitslager Plazsow was not a death camp in the same way that Auschwitz or Bergen-Belsen or Sobibor or Treblinka or any of the others were.  It was a holding facility for the slave laborers who made Schindler andother Nazis wealthy as they provided goods and services for the Third Reich.  Needless to say, Goeth's psychopathic behavior, along with the  murderous policy edicts from Berlin ensured that many in the camp did die from unnatural causes.<br />   Spielberg uses the interactions between Schindler and the SS and Schindler and his Jews to deliver the emotional punch in this movie.  As the movie reels out, the viewer sees the subtle transformation in Schindler, as he tries to do the right thing and save as many lives as possible.  He even intercedes with Amon Goeth and tries to moderate his homicidal impulses when he explains the true nature of the power the Germans have over the Jews.  There is an interesting conversation after a party, where Schindler tries to teach Goeth about pardons.  After that scene, there are almost humorous scenes immediately after, where Goeth stalks through the camp &quot;pardoning&quot; inmates for offenses that would normally draw a bullet to the back of the head.<br />    Throughout the film, John Williams soaring score is intertwined with Jewish religious music used to reinforce religious and cultural ceremonies.  This is an outstanding film and it provides an eye-opening look at the heroism of Schindler and the people he sought to protect and deliver from the Nazis.  To be sure, this is not a pleasant or happy movie.  The ending was just another beginning, for the survivors were now refugees and the Nazis had deprived them of everything.  They had to start over again and find new homes.<br />    If you never see another movie on the depredations of the Nazi era, you must see SCHINDLER'S LIST.  As the movie closes, Spielberg streams the real characters of the story (accompanied by the actors who played them on film).  Oskar Schindler is buried in Israel and is considered a &quot;rightheous person&quot; by the Committeeof the Yad Vashem.  This movie, which is a celebration of life, is also a tribute to him, and others like him, who did NOT follow in lock-step or look away as the Nazi's butchered six million people.<br />    As this movie serves to remind all who see it of man's inhumanity to his fellow man, it is also a loud message that this type of inhumanity must never be allowed to happen again.
B000002UD1|4.0|From the downright weird cover, to the unusual collection of songs, one gets the feeling that if Lennon would only have spent a bit more time and effort on this album that it would have been spectacular.<br />&quot;Intuition&quot; &amp; &quot;One Day at a Time&quot; have aged well.<br />If only he had tried a little harder............<br />But well worth a few listens, much about this was good. The use of subtle harmony, and razor sharp wit, is typically Lennonesque.
B000001GQP|4.0|Before I begin, I must say that this is NOT the first recording of CB i've heard. In fact, I'm biased towards the Michael Tilson Thomas recording (I think i'm one of few who like that version!). Having said that, I must also say that for the price, you could do much worse than this recording.<br />In comparison to MTT, Jochum takes his tempi much slower. I'm used to hearing a faster &quot;O Fortuna,&quot; for instance, so hearing it at andante in the beginning is a bit jarring. (The second run through is a bit better for its speed) The orchestra is sometimes overpowered by the chorus. When i can hear them, they sound pretty strong.<br />The chorus... &lt;cringes&gt; while they are lusty and full-blooded, as one reviewer called them... many times they seem very &quot;messy,&quot; making the words somewhat unintelligible. &lt;Shrugs&gt; It may be just a matter of what sounds grating to the individual ear.<br />The soloists, however, are especially fine, and make the recording worthwhile. Fischer-Dieskau handles the differing baritone ranges with grace; this makes me a fan! Stoltze also performs the difficult &quot;Olim lacus&quot; with a strong voice and humor, just as it should be done. Janowitz has her moments, with &quot;In trutina&quot; as a shining example. As for &quot;Dulcissime&quot;... the first time I heard it (it was the first one i played to see how bad it REALLY was), i thought it sounded very otherworldly and kind of beautiful. After hearing Janowitz's voice in previous songs, I did agree that her voice was a bit strained. However, I made the excuse that it was supposed to be a bit &quot;screamy,&quot; as the representation of the maiden's deflowering... &lt;shrugs&gt; It's really not so bad.<br />All in all, a pleasant recording for the price, and made even more &quot;definitive&quot; by Orff's authorization.
B000002UQJ|4.0|This was a very pleasant, well made, piece. There was an excellent tour to promote the album, had privilege of attending several of the shows, but Macca gets overlooked again. Is the world growing too old and cold to recognize good work? Highly recommended.
B000007OY0|5.0|I feel that this was the very best movie of it&quot;s type that I have ever seen and that with the situations as they are today, perhaps some of the things that occured in this great movie, should be applied to our prisons today.  It used to be that &quot;Getting away with Murder&quot; was just a phrase, now days in our CIVILIZATION (I use the term loosely) it is &quot;A Fact of Life&quot; as so many of our truly convicted prisoners are doing just that and no one has the Intestinal Fortitude to put an end to it, and it puts the lives of all good, honest, faithful people in danger by not having the Death Penalty applied to them.  We have to spend billions upon billions of dollars keeping them &quot;Safe&quot; in the prisons, so that they, one day, will be &quot;let out and be free&quot; to do the same things that they were convicted of.  Let;s put some of the tactics from Shawshank Redemption into our &quot;so called JUSTICE SYSTEM&quot;
B0000508U6|2.0|I, too, was lured in by the glowing reviews by others, but was disappointed.  These guys need some Wheaties.  The music is limp and the lead vocals are anemic.  The band just sounds tired, like they will never be able to muster the strength to really play.  It's all kind of morose sounding, too.  Not even cheerful pop.
B00004W5UA|5.0|This is a film unlike any film that I have ever seen before! The storyline and just about every other element of this film is totally different and unique. You can't put all of it into words: you just simply have to see it to believe it. <br />The cinematography is Oscar caliber, and the performances are excellent! Buy it today, and see what you think! <br />Take caution: This film contains graphic violence which may be very disturbing to some viewers.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Drugs are what economists call \\"demand inelastic\\". Drugs will be sold, bought, smoked, sniffed, ingested and injected in great numbers, over an astonishingly wide price range. The Third World costs of plantation and delivery make for a most agreeable mark-up when sold at First World prices. Such a profitable enterprise, given the invisible hand of Laissez-faire, would attract ambitious prince-pins to the market, shifting the supply curve to the right (increasing the amount of drugs on the market, lowering the price and making drug dealing, economically, a less rewarding proposition.) So far so capitalist. But what if the whole enterprise were illegal; production and consumption? The price stays high, profit margins bloat, and addicts get fall into depressingly patterned methods of procuring the expensive product. Next time a government tries to help sugarcane farmers they should perhaps consider this novel idea: make sugarcane illegal.  <br />This is, admittedly, a rudimentary assessment of the problem, possibly even wrong on some fundamental level (I don't want any e-mails from angry academics). But the hypothesis is not; drug wars in the first world, driven by narrow-minded moral elitism aggravate the problem. The villain makes the hero, and the drugs czar makes the kingpin. What makes Traffic, Steven Soderbergh's labyrinthine film compelling is trying to separate the villains from the good guys by observing actions and their results. What you're likely to come up with is that \\"nobody gets away clean\\". Which is also the film's tagline. Dig in, and you will find two revealing scenes: 1) The newly appointed drug czar, Robert Wakefield (Michael Douglas), in what he thinks is generosity, gathers his team of lawyers and experts and asks them \\"for this time only\\" for their ideas. He is greeted with dead silence. 2) A mid-level dealer sits in custody of two agents and explains to them, in a surprisingly eloquent manner, why they are in fact were working for his competition when they arrested him, \\"you know what the sad thing about is. You know what you're doing and you do it anyway.\\" <br />The film reportedly has over 100 speaking parts. Soderbergh, who shot it himself, narrows it down to three main threads; in the blue tinted Cincinnati, Ohio, the new drug czar, Douglas, prepares for his high profile job whilst his daughter falls deeper into addiction. The pat moralistic tone of this segment would be purely TV movie if it weren't for the reliability of Douglas and the director's hand-held technique that gives it an immediacy it doesn't deserve. Further west, in brighter San Diego, a rich, pregnant housewife, Helena Ayala (Catherine Zeta Jones), is dealing with the fact that her husband is a prominent drug dealer. A journey of self-discovery later, and she goes from being a member of her son's school board to ordering an assassin, over the phone to \\"Get out of the car and shoot him in the head.\\" By the end of the film, she's still on the school board. Still in San Diego, and closer to the violence are Montel Jordan (Don Cheadle) and Ray Castro (Luis Guzman), two drug agents. Their scenes are rich with humor and warmth that nicely modulates the film. But it is further south, in the bleached, burnt out Mexico that Traffic touches greatness. There, honest Tijuana cop, Javier Rodriguez (Benicio Del Toro) navigates the hazardous \\"entrepreneurial drug war\\", quietly but desperately holding on to his dignity. It's a beautiful, expressive and subtle performance. Incidentally, one of the few deserved accolades at the recent Academy Awards. <br />What Traffic lacks, and what many critics have overlooked, is...anger. Soderbergh displays an uncommon mastery of structure, and style that actually adds to the film. His film is fascinating from start to finish. Something political films share with science fiction films is that they let the viewer see what they never have; what really happens in the corridors of power as opposed to what evil blob really lurks beneath the earth's crust. Burdened with a sense of responsibility, the director tried, perhaps too hard, to be even handed and mature. Isn't the failure of the such an elaborate system worthy of jet black humor? Shouldn't the film go after the targets it reveals to self-aggrandizing and delusional? Watching the Cincinnati segments, I remembered another blue tinted, political film, Michael Mann's The Insider. That film took a tobacco/journalism controversy and transformed into something operatic. By contrast, Traffic, often seems to have its foot on the breaks, refusing to get emotional. Yet I still agree with most critics who call it one of the best films of 2000. Its sheer scale compensates its reserve. For Soderbergh this is worthy return after the nonsensical Erin Brockovich. It is an impressive achievement that would have been a great film had afforded the same insight to its characters that it affords their trade. It is at those times that Traffic could have used a little hit.
B000055ZFX|1.0|This has no information on whether it is the restored version or not.  It looks suspiciously like the dire UK region 2 version, in which case it should be avoided like the plague.
B000002IO1|5.0|when I first heard black velvet I had no idea who it was so I asked my nephew, it took awhile to find the cd but I finally did but was it ever worth it, I love every song on it, she has a fablous voice.
B000002OZY|5.0|This album has sold over 20m worldwide, it's not hard to see why, although it's now not the Who's strongest record ,it still Rocks.  It was probably the strongets record of 69, marginally better than Led Zeppelin II, Let it Bleed, and Abbey Rd.
B00000AFWW|5.0|If the last album was punk perfection, this is the pop version.  Beautiful harmonies and biting lyrics.
B000002OX3|2.0|The who havn't quite got it yet, it loses focus, and doesn't adequately expresd it's ideas. they would come back with a vengeanceon their next LP, The Who Sell Out
B00003CWL6|5.0|I could easily max out the Amazon review guidline of 1,000 words,flinging supurlatives left-and-right,but I'll spare you,and leave it at this:This is my favorite movie,I think it's beautiful.The entire cast is perfect.I've never been moved by a film as much as when I saw this one.Needless to say,the DVD release was a big event in my life.I watch it at least once a week.I highly recommend it to anyone reading this.
6301095294|5.0|ITS NOT A HARD DAYS NIGHT,OR HELP,(OR YELLOW SUBMARINE FOR THAT MATTER)ITS NOT A MOVIE...ITS A 53 MINUTE TIGHLY EDITED FILM OF THE BEATLES IN 1967 IN  PSYCHADELIC CLOTHES GOOFING OFF &amp; BEING INNOVATIVE (AS EVERYTHING THEY DID WAS) ITS BASICLY A SERIES OF MUSIC VIDEOS SURROUNDED BY COMIC SKETCHES &amp; VIGINETTES..IN A TIME WHEN THE BEATLES WERE &quot;INVENTING&quot; MUSIC VIDEOS....THIS SHORT FILM IS STUDIED IN FILMSCHOOLS (SPEILBERG HAS CLAIMED IT WAS AN INFLUENCE)..EVERYTHING THE BEATLES DID WAS INNOVATIVE&amp; GROUNDBREAKING...THIS IS NO EXCEPTION..SO TAKE IT FOR WHAT IT IS &amp; BE GLAD WE HAVE IT!!..ITS NOT A MOVIE..ITS A HEAD TRIP..&amp; THE MUSIC VIDEOS ARE CLASSIC &amp; JUST AS SURREAL AS ANYTHING THEY EVER DID...ITS NOT THE BEST THEY EVER DID &amp; DONT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU ALREADY HAVE EVERY OTHER MOVIE THEY DID FIRST (THIS IS NOT A MOVIE) BUT IT IS CLASSIC &amp; IT IS WHAT IT IS...SO TAKE IT FOR WHAT IT IS &amp; YOU'LL LOVE IT...JUST REMEMBER WHEN IT WAS MADE &amp; HOW THAT SEEMED THEN (THEY STARTED THE WHOLE HIPPIE MOVEMENT &amp; THE SUMMER OF LOVE)...THIS WAS A DEFINING PROJECT OF THAT PERIOD &amp; WE SHOULD TREASURE IT FOR BEING AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT THEY WERE DOING AT THAT FLOWER-POWER PERIOD...ITS AS GOOD AS ANY 53 MINUTE MOVIE CAN BE...ITS A HEAD TRIP... NOW LETS TALK ABOUT THE DVD ...THE FILM IS VERY DATED &amp; IT SHOWS...THE QUALITY IS SATURATED &amp; FUZZY..BUT IT IS IN PURE VISIBLE COLOR..&amp; IF YOU ADJUST YOUR PICTURE SETTINGS ON YOUR TV YOU CAN IMPROVE IT....THE DVD IS THE BEST WAY TO VIEW THIS FILM.. AFTER YOU'VE SEEN IT THE FIRST TIME -THE CHAPTER STOPS WILL COME IN EXTREMELY HANDY (IF ONLY TO VIEW THE MUSIC VIDEOS)...THE EXTRAS ARE NOT MUCH IF YOU ALREADY OWN THE &quot;HELP DVD&quot;(WHICH YOU SHOULD BEFORE BUYING THIS)..IT CONTAINS 4 TRAILERS (ITS OWN NOT INCLUDED) &amp; IT HAS A SHORT LITTLE NEWSREEL &amp; VERY SHORT PRODUCTION NOTES &amp; THATS IT...ITS A PRETTY LAME DVD..BUT CONSIDERING THE PRICE OF THE VHS &amp; HOW HANDY THE CHAPTER STOPS ARE (WHICH IS THE ONLY WAY TO VIEW THIS FILM)...THE DVD IS BY FAR THE BEST WAY TO OWN THIS FILM &amp; IT IS WORTH OWNING... JUST MAKE SURE YOU OWN &quot;HARD DAYS NIGHT&quot;,&quot;HELP&quot;,&amp;&quot;YELLOW SUB&quot; FIRST....BUT IT IS ALL HISTORY &amp; IT ALL 5 STAR QUALITY STUFF THATS WORTH OWNING.....SO IF YOU'VE GOT EVERYTHING ELSE...BY ALL MEANS BUY THIS...&amp; IF YOU DON'T THEN BUY THE REST NOW &amp; BE GLAD YOU DID !!!THIS SHORT-FILM STARTED A GENERATION OF ITS STYLE (&amp; STARTED THE WHOLE MONTY PYTHON MOVEMENT)BE GLAD WE HAVE IT &amp; ENJOY IT BECAUSE ....&quot;ITS THE BEATLES&quot;....!!!
B00003Q438|5.0|The release of &quot;The Abyss&quot; on DVD would in and of itself be a great thing,even in it's original version,as the pan-and-scan,muddily transferred VHS version didn't even remotely do justice to James Cameron's visionary sci-fi classic.The majority of the film takes place under-water or in dark,claustraphobic interiors with harsh lighting contrasts that tax any format's limitations,and are atrocious on tape.But with this edition,not only do you get DVD's vastly superior resolution and deep,dynamic(and hiss-free)sound,you also get the director-approved 171 minute version of the film,with many crucial scenes restored that help to elucidate and greatly clarify the emotional and narrative sub-texts only hinted at prior.The troubled relationship of the main characters,Bud and Lindsey Brigman(Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Masterontonio,both excellent) is here fleshed out and examined at greater length to give much more emotional heft to the stellar final scenes.Also,most importantly,a very long scene at the end is restored to make clear the intentions and motivations of the benign deep-sea visitors,adding an even deeper level to an already compellingly complex story.All that would be enough,but on this DVD,that's just the beginning;this package marks a new standard for Remastered classic-plus-copious-goodies that hopefully other editions will emulate:to versions of the film(original and special edition),commentary,two feature-ettes,trailors,a documentary,special effects sequences(multi-angle!),the complete screenplay....well,as you can see,this is LOADED.If you're a die-hard fan of the film...well,you probably already have this,but if you saw the original and were dissappointed,try this DVD.I think you'll change your mind.(A word of caution-unfortunately,  the DVD-ROM extras on disc two are Windows-compatible only-they  won't work if you have a Macintosh,as I found out the hard way--but it's still worth the money.)
B000002UAU|5.0|THE 3'RD GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME (AFTER 1.WHITE &amp; 2.ABBEY_RD)PERIOD
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|&quot;Scary Movie&quot; isn't scary at all,but fall on the floor funny(usually),and finally takes the wind out of all those overblown new slasher films to boot.Sure,the jokes are crude,disgusting,juvenile,almost always offensive to somebody,and most importantly,FUNNY.Whenever I've watched this with a group of people,the reactions are always wildly mixed,from people leaving in disgust,to shouts of &quot;dude,play it again!&quot;Any film with a reaction like that has got to be worth something.The DVD is definately worth buying because you get scenes that weren't in the film,and,amazingly,are even more extreme!Buy this DVD and show it at your next party or get-together.Then you'll find out who your REAL freinds are!
B0000542D1|5.0|THIS IS THEIR BEST MOVIE &amp; THE GREATEST MUSICAL EVER MADE !!! BUY IT ON DVD AS SOON AS POSSIBLE !! THIS IS THE GREATEST BAND THAT EVER WAS OR EVER WILL BE...!!!&amp; AS FOR THE MOVIE ITSELF ITS ONE OF THE GREATEST MOVIES EVER MADE !!!!!THIS IS THE BEST EXAMPLE OF WHY THE WERE THE BEST !!
B00003CXDG|3.0|I was a bit dissapointed by MI2,especially considering the talent involved.Director John Woo could make riveting cinema out of a trip to the ATM,and Tom Cruise is usually much better at heroic lead roles.I thought the plot was a bit forced and illogical(thogh not as bad as the first one),and we've seen all the stunt sequences before.Even the great Anthony Hopkins couldn't generate any heat in a sly supporting role.And am I the only one who's sick of that peeling-off-the-mask-revealing-a-good-guy-when-you-thought-it-was-a-bad-guy(or vice-versa)gag? That got old really fast.Still,it's got a good soundtrack,and it certainly doesn't give you much time to contemplate it's flaws when you're actually watching it,as it roars by in a fury of explosions and wooshing camera moves.The DVD doesn't offer much more than the usual extras(interviews,behind the scenes,commentary),so if you're already unimpressed by it,I wouldn't waste your time.
B0000069KS|5.0|THIS IS JUST PLAIN FUN... BEAUTIFUL CAMERA WORK ON THE GREATEST BAND THAT EVER WAS &amp; ALL IN GORGEOUS COLOR.. THEIR FUNNIEST FILM IS PURE DELIGHT &amp; JUST PLAIN FUN...THE DVD IS A MUST FOR ALL BEATLE FANS !!!THIS IS TRULY A FUN MOVIE ....BUY IT NOW &amp; TREASURE IT ALWAYS !!! THIS MOVIE IS THE BEST WAY TO VIEW THE BEATLES ON SCREEN (THEY WERE LOOKING THEIR BEST IN THIS PERIOD &amp; THE GREAT COLOR CAMERA-WORK DEFINES WHAT THEY WERE !!!) A MUST !!! &amp; THE DVD HAS GREAT EXTRAS!!(REMASTERED MOVIE,5 BEATLE TRAILERS, FILM LOCATION SCENES,PREMEIRE &amp; PHOTO SCENES,BIOGRAPHIES, INTERVIEW WITH THE DIRECTOR &amp; THE COMPLETE OLD CLASSIC &quot;RUNNING JUMPING &amp; STANDING STILL&quot; 11 MINUTE FILM-SHORT ...AS WELL AS CHAPTER STOPS &amp; DETAILED RESTORATION NOTES .... THE BEST BEATLE DVD CURRENTLY AVAILABLE...&amp; ALSO ONE OF THEIR BEST (FEW) MOVIES....MAKE SURE YOU BUY &quot;A HARD DAYS NIGHT&quot; &amp; &quot;YELLOW SUB&quot; AS WELL..
B00003W8NM|5.0|I don't really plan on joining the intense debate surrounding this film about it's value,because I think that the debate itself is the greatest testament there is.I can't think of a film in recent memory that has stirred up opinins with more ferocity(except perhaps South Park),and I think that is just as important as the film itself.Great art can,and should be provocative,and challenge our views on things,and in these homogenized,P.C. times films like &quot;Fight Club&quot; that come out swinging and go out on a very long limb in the spirit of free thought are of tremendous significance.Social commentary aside,my take on the film itself is that it's a supurbly executed extended metaphor on one man's epic struggle with his own psyche,ego-vs.altar-ego,conciousness vs.id,what have you.It has a stellar cast:Brad Pitt,rugged anti-hero charisma personified,Ed Norton,the best pure actor of his time,and Helena Bonham Carter,blasting free of her Merchant/Ivory corset with abrasive vigor.Director David Fincher,the visionary wunderkind behind Alien 3 and Seven presents the hallucinatory smart-bomb of a film with an elegently decaying grandure,all damp,sultry atmosphere and paranoid,edge-of-(in)sanity jump cuts.The DVD is impressively mounted,with a unique slip-case and two discs full of goodies,including special effects sequences,art work,tv spots and illuminating commentary by the director and cast.Highly recommended to fans of the film,and those who like to watch something that actually makes them think and feel.
B000002UB3|5.0|2'ND GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME (AFTER WHITE)PERIOD
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day is a very talented band and listening to this CD, you can tell they put a lot into it.  I have all their CD's and this one stands out as the best. Not only is the music brilliant, but the sound quality of this CD is the highest of any CD I have.  Buy it and listen to it (loud) with a good set of headphones.  Green Day rocks and they still have their unique punk edge.
6305265488|5.0|We all know the story of Cinderella and how her fairy godmother helped her get to the ball and find her prince. Well, this is the way it really happened. Daniel is a girl who loved her father very much. But when he died, her stepmother forced her to become a servant in her own home. When she is caught by the prince while freeing a servant, he mistakes her for a countess and falls in love. When her stepmother suspects something, she locks her up so she can't go to the ball. But she is set free by a friend and gets to the ball. But when she is exposed as a servant, the princes love is put to the test. Will he love her even though she is a servant? I reccommend this movie to girls ages 6 and up. Buy it today!
B00004LN16|5.0|From start to finish, Stiff Upper Lip delivers hard-driving rock and roll.  The boys from down under are alive and well!  If you liked Highway to Hell and Back in Black, you will love this CD. ANGUS!!  ANGUS!!
B00000DC7J|5.0|One of the best from a prolific artist.  The quality of the recording is also very good. You should also check the Central Park Concert.
0767821769|4.0|Julia Roberts and Susan Sarandon light up the screen in &quot;Stepmom,&quot; a heartwarming and emotionally involving comedy/drama which tells the story of two women, one divorced, the other married to her ex-husband, and the hurdles they must jump in order to find a common ground of understanding. The movie has it laughs, tears, and an upbeat attitude that keeps going throughout, telling its story in an appealing fashion with the help of its brilliant cast and director Chris Columbus. You can enjoy this movie for everything it has to offer and feel satisfied in the end with how you spent your time; I did. <br />Jackie and Luke are divorced, which is emotionally taxing on their two children, Anna and Ben, Anna refusing to accept the fact that her parents are never getting back together again. Ben is too young to understand much of what is going on; he merely aides Anna in making Luke's girlfriend, Isabel, completely miserable. This includes hounding her for unwashed laundry, putting down her lunches, and just about anything they can to make it look like they have been treated with less care than they would under their mother. The movie's setup of these relationships between different characters is well-done, keeping its focus on the children's actions and their feelings on the situations they are put into. <br />As most ex-wives will do, Jackie is condescending of Isabel, looking down on her as a self-centered woman who cares more for her work and personal life than for the children under her care. They have many sparring sessions and heated arguments, but it's clear that they cannot argue forever, and as the children begin to warm to Isabel, so does the friendship between Jackie and Isabel begin to form. Soon, they are helping each other through tough times, trading tips on caring for the children, but still maintaining that small spark of conflict which will surface time and again as Jackie realizes her children are no longer solely under her influence. <br />Themovie deals with a lot of real-to-life family issues that will hit home with most viewers and is sure to strike an emotional chord in audiences everywhere. One of those issues is the fact that a divorce is more about how to deal with the children than about getting on with life. The movie does not take away the focus from the childrens' feelings towards their situation. At one point, Anna stands up and shouts, &quot;You didn't ask me if I wanted a new mother!&quot; The story is still about the feud between Jackie and Isabel, but this feud centers around what each of them feels is best for the children, keeping with the fact that in a divorce, they are the ones who are most affected. <br />Actors Jena Malone and Liam Aiken, Anna and Ben, do a terrific job in bringing out all of that emotion and feeling in their characters. Aiken's character is not required to be as emotional as Malone's: he is only eight years old in the movie, and does not clearly understand what his parents are going through. He is merely along for the ride, going with what his parents say and what his sister wants, and Aiken brings all of that childhood innocence out perfectly and with believability. Malone must provide a much more involved role: her character is older, and lashes out against her father for leaving his mother and preparing to be with a woman half his age. Malone is full of tears, anger, and laughs, and her performance is heartwrenching and convincing. <br />Another issue is embedded in the relationship between Jackie and Isabel. Jackie has the maternal instinct where Isabel is trying her best, and the story is intensified emotionally by the clashes in how they feel the children should be raised. When Jackie realizes that Isabel is going to be a permanent part of her children's lives, she also comes to the realization that she cannot keep arguing with her about how to raise the children. As they come to an understanding of one another, it's intriguing to watch the two actresses interact onscreen. <br />Susan Sarandon is plays Jackie, who is stubborn and becomes quite disturbed when Isabel steps onto her turf. She brings out all this emotion and feeling, as well as her actions and reactions, convincingly, matching the performance of Roberts, her opposite. Roberts is Isabel, and she brings all the brightness and charm of her own person into the role while also maintaining a short emotional fuse. It is easy to see that the two actresses are having fun in their roles, and their pairing for this movie is outstanding. Their performances make this one of the best movies of the year. Ed Harris plays the part of Luke, who knows how Jackie feels but wishes that she and Isabel would be able to come to an understanding of one another. His performance is earnest and warming, and like his costars, he makes his role believable and interesting. <br />&quot;Stepmom&quot; is one of those feel-good movies that was able to keep my interest throughout. There is a twist in the plot that I dare not even mention, because the filmmakers and producers have done a pretty good job of not giving it away in the promotional material. There is a lot of love between the characters, brought out by the stellar cast and a director whose films in this field have excelled. Based on emotional depth and connectivity, &quot;Stepmom&quot; is a nice piece of heart that is filled with true human feeling.
044022425X|5.0|I just finished the 4th and (I hope not) final book in the continuing saga. I am ready for the next! Incredible how the story just keeps coming. And I just keep going. Here's some advice though, start with Voyager and progress through each book up to this one for the full effect.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|&quot;U-571&quot; is a pleasing and very exciting movie, one that can be enjoyed by followers and non-followers of war movies alike. It's one of those all-encompassing movies that has something in it for everyone: dazzling visual and sound effects for tech junkies, a gripping story based on similar events of war, and suspense and action for those looking to be surprised. This is a summer blockbuster that actually pleases its crowds, and certainly a movie that ranks with some of the best and most well-known war movies in Hollywood.<br />The movie begins, fittingly enough, in the German submarine after which the movie is named, and the Germans have just finished bombing an American ship. Soon after, they are set upon by a destroyer, which depth-charges the fragile vessel and leaves it crippled and in need of repairs. They send a call our for help, which is found by the Americans. This provides them with the opportunity to crack the secret code the Germans have been using by boarding the damaged vessel under the guise of German soldiers and stealing the Enigma, which houses the codes.<br />The beginning of the movie allows us to get to know our American characters, with whom we will be spending a great deal of time during the movie. We are introduced to Captain Andrew Tyler, who has just found out that he did not receive the position of captain as he had hoped. His commander, Lieutenant Commander Mike Dahlgren, feels he does not have what it takes to be a captain at this point, and that his emotional connection to his shipmates would prevent him from putting them in situations of potential danger.<br />Soon, our men are on their sub, heading out to sea, where they encounter the German submarine, take the crew hostage, and swipe the Enigma and code book to bring back to the attention of the U.S. Armed Forces. However, the German sub that responded to their call for help destroys the American sub, killing the German hostages and some Americans, leaving the rest of the crew on the German sub with Tyler as their captain. As their special ops mission turns into a race for survival, Tyler must make the right decisions in order to keep his crew alive and ship afloat as they near hostile waters on their way to safety.<br />The plot of the story follows a pretty basic pattern that is intensified by the suspense of the action sequences and the way in which Mostow works his magic with the camera. I found myself guessing what was going to happen in certain scenes of the movie, mainly because after seeing the trailer, I knew there was more that had to happen than just allowing the sub to sink and the Germans to win. And as much as the story does for its characters and their will to survive, I knew that the script would not shortchange them in the long run. This really doesn't hinder the story, though; it still has a lot to offer.<br />Mostow has done a masterful job in creating an atmosphere that is tightly cramped and perilous all at the same time. The lighting used for the insides of the sub is merely the lights actually shown, not offscreen, giving it an authentic and real feel. The crew finds themselves huddled tightly together at times during sequences in which depth charges are deployed to harm the ship, which adds to the sense of small space while also keeping us at bay with the question of whether or not the vessel will make it through the treachery of the explosions. The depth charges provide the most ominous threat to the vessel, which is carried out on film in a most intense manner. The first set of explosions takes place outside of the vessel, where we can see everything that's going on, while the second set keeps us inside the sub so that all we can do is hold our breath with the crew and wait for the explosions to end.<br />The fact that the movie can set up this kind of connection is a testament to its brilliance. Mostow is able to bring us into the movie with the characters, giving us bird's-eye views of the action as well astaking us right into the middle of it. Either way, the effect is truly awesome, showing us a different kind of warfare that can be just as intense and terrifying as hand-to-hand and firearm combat on land. When the movie was over, I felt jolted and out of breath; the movie simply delivers the goods.<br />The visual and sound effects also help to bring us into the movie's rich canvas as well. Miniatures and life-size vessels were used in the filming of the actual submarine, and while the effects that surround it may be digitized, it helps to have something that is real to harness the look and acuity of the shot. The sound design and use of the elements available is tremendous and pleasing, with a low bass frequency playing pretty much throughout the entire movie to create a sense of tension. This is one of those big, loud effects movies that, even if you don't care for the story, will please on its visuals and sound alone.<br />Casting is an important factor in bringing out the emotion and depth, and this one, an all-star ensemble, does just that. Matthew McConaughey is the ambitious Lieutenant Andrew Tyler, who is the strongest of the characters. He is portrayed as earnest in his endeavors to save his crew, while keeping the movie from degenerating into a blatant effects show. Harvey Keitel is Chief Klough, a pivotal character who advises and aides Tyler in some pretty tight situations. He keeps Tyler from losing his cool, which is important for the movie. Bill Paxton plays Lieutenant Dahlgren, and while his character has little screen time, he does well in keeping us informed of the events at hand. Jake Weber is a convincing Lieutenant Hirsch, who knows everything about the mission and plays his character with integrity and intelligence.<br />One of the better war films to come out of Hollywood, &quot;U-571&quot; follows an intense and gripping storyline that delivers the goods to even those who don't follow the war film trend. Under the direction of Jonathon Mostow, who also directed the thriller &quot;Breakdown,&quot; the film contains a stellar cast that knows what it's doing and superb visual and sound effects that add to the atmosphere of suspense.ll as taking us right into the middle of it. Either way, the effect is truly awesome, showing us a different kind of warfare that can be just as intense and terrifying as hand-to-hand and firearm combat on land. When the movie was over, I felt jolted and out of breath; the movie simply delivers the goods. <br />The visual and sound effects also help to bring us into the movie's rich canvas as well. Miniatures and life-size vessels were used in the filming of the actual submarine, and while the effects that surround it may be digitized, it helps to have something that is real to harness the look and acuity of the shot. The sound design and use of the elements available is tremendous and pleasing, with a low bass frequency playing pretty much throughout the entire movie to create a sense of tension. This is one of those big, loud effects movies that, even if you don't care for the story, will please on its visuals and sound alone. <br />Casting is an important factor in bringing out the emotion and depth, and this one, an all-star ensemble, does just that. Matthew McConaughey is the ambitious Lieutenant Andrew Tyler, who is the strongest of the characters. He is portrayed as earnest in his endeavors to save his crew, while keeping the movie from degenerating into a blatant effects show. Harvey Keitel is Chief Klough, a pivotal character who advises and aides Tyler in some pretty tight situations. He keeps Tyler from losing his cool, which is important for the movie. Bill Paxton plays Lieutenant Dahlgren, and while his character has little screen time, he does well in keeping us informed of the events at hand. Jake Weber is a convincing Lieutenant Hirsch, who knows everything about the mission and plays his character with integrity and intelligence. <br />One of the better war films to come out of Hollywood, &quot;U-571&quot; follows an intense and gripping storyline that delivers the goods to even those who don't follow the war film trend. Under the direction of Jonathon Mostow, who also directed the thriller &quot;Breakdown,&quot; the film contains a stellar cast that knows what it's doing and superb visual and sound effects that add to the atmosphere of suspense.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is one of the best movies i have ever seen. Everyone should see this great movie.
B00003CXFV|5.0|&quot;Erin Brockovich&quot; is one of those movies that makes you stand up and cheer. Based on the true story of the real Erin Brockovich's law battle with a major corporation, director Steven Soderbergh and actress Julia Roberts bring the events of the movie to life in an unclichéd, refreshing discourse that is a delight on the eyes and both humorous and dramatic. Soderbergh handles the material in his usual way, filming it with new and evoking techniques, and Roberts, scantily clad but immensely intelligent, proves to audiences and the world that she has matured since her days in &quot;Pretty Woman,&quot; playing the role with in a strikingly serious manner that anchors the rest of the plot. <br />As the story begins, Erin is down on her luck, trying to find a well-paying job to support her three kids. After an auto collision leaves her broke with lawyer's fees, she demands that her lawyer, Ed Masry, give her a job in return for losing her case. As she begins working, she discovers some files that seem out of place, and upon further investigation and interviews with several residents of the small town of Hinkley, she uncovers a major coverup involving a major corporation that could mean a major lawsuit that will bring the small firm down or earn it enough money to make a name for itself. <br />The first thing that must be discussed is the incredible performance from actress Julia Roberts, who brings Erin's character to life in such a way that we find ourselves so moved by her performance as the final credits roll. She brings with her all her old tricks, that sweet charm that makes her one of Hollywood's most valuable stars to date. She is vivacious and and brutal in this role, establishing the fact that Erin is a force to be reckoned with. <br />The movie establishes the many traits of Erin right from the beginning of the film, introducing us to her as someone who is hard-working and willing to earn her keep. Her willingness to work is also a testament to her strong devotion to her children, whom she must support on her own. She is also fiesty and outspoken, as shown during her court debate when she comes under cross-examination: &quot;That a**hole smashed in my f***ing neck!&quot; Erin is strong-willed and a leader in this film, which is a brilliant testament to the real life figure. <br />Erin is also smart and intelligent when it comes to deciphering the many nuances of the case that falls into her lap. From the beginning, when she first senses something is not right, she knows enough to question certain residents of Hinkley about their involvement with Pacific Gas and Electric, and the reasons for their illnesses and diseases. Not taking anything for an answer other than &quot;yes,&quot; she pushes her way through all the barriers to come out on top, all the while surviving the troubles of her own personal life and coming out on top as a real person we can all look up to and admire for their strength and courage. <br />There is a nice bond that develops between Erin and her boss, Ed Masry, who is hesitant to hire her from the beginning. His pity for her, though, clouds his judgement, and he takes her on, soon realizing that he is in over his head with a lawsuit that could mean the end of his career and his financial security. Their many arguments over this and other things concerning the case are intriguing to watch, some adding light moments of comical humor, others advancing the plot to the next level. <br />The human emotion and drama of this story and brought to full view in this film, always keeping with the fact that these are real people who experienced these events. Erin's interaction with these characters, and her devotion to their cause as well as her own is inspiring and ambitious. Soon, her cause becomes nothing but concern for their victory, and Roberts brings this change of events to life. Her reactions to changes in the case, things going wrong, and the way in which her character handles them, are all convincing and authentic, and this keeps us involved with the moving story and the developments at hand. <br />Steven Soderbergh's treatment of this material is brilliant, setting his work high above the mark of good and making this movie one of the best movies of 2000. The way in which he handles Erin's story is one of fluidity and constant plot development, whether it have to do with the lawsuit or with Erin's personal life and her involvement with Ed, who takes care of her children. He is able to combine all of Erin's emotions and balance them against the true story of the people she defends in her pursuit of the truth, which makes us feel for them as well as for the losses she suffers because of her efforts. There are a good deal of shots in the film that give it the look and feel of a typical Soderbergh film, showcasing his use of Steadycam, giving the film a true-to-life perspective which keeps it more involving without putting off the audience. <br />Alongside the star power of Julia Roberts is a brilliant supporting cast that have their own roles and key parts in the film. Albert Finney plays Ed Masry, Erin's boss and friend, who comes to learn the true value of her work as the movie progresses. He and Roberts have a nice workplace chemistry that gives life to the movie's lawsuit plotline, while also keeping it more touching and emotional. Aaron Eckhart plays George, Erin's next door neighbor and boyfriend, who is given a lot of time onscreen to develop into a terrific supporting character. His moments with the children are moving, establishing him as a father figure, while his relationship with Erin is complicated because of her work, bringing them to a crossroads. Their chemistry is convincing and believable, and provides some nice bits of romance for the movie without taking it under. <br />In &quot;Erin Brockovich,&quot; all the stops are pulled out, and history is given a quite refreshing treatment that is humorous, emotionally moving, and involving all inone package of short skirts and high heels. In reality, Julia Roberts is what makes this movie work, bringing her charisma and charm to the movie with the same intensity and credibility she carries in her previous roles. Stand back, because the Pretty Woman has grown up, and she's back with an attitude and a brain to match it.
6305910324|5.0|I'd like to contradict reviews on IMDb by annmason1 and &quot;spleen.&quot;<BR><br />The movie is NOT about the &quot;genius in us all&quot; (Josh has a unique talent that any parent trying to teach their kid chess knows), and it is NOT a movie about chess.<BR><br />It's a movie about Josh, and his incredible talent and his father trying to come to grips with that fact. It's not a move that everyone will identify with in terms of their own children. But they will identify with it's theme.<BR><br />Personally, I find the characters played by Ben Kinglsey and Lawrence Fishburn to be almost ancillary to the movie. Even though they may have been real cahracters in Josh's life, his talent existed whether they did or not.<BR><br />I loved the movie because I identified with Josh in other areas, and probably almost all of us will in one way or another.<BR><br />It's well worth watching because of that alone.
B000000OQF|5.0|Well, this is not exactly the music I normally listen to, but I acknowledge a masterpiece when I hear one. Under equal circumstances, I would not have rated this record, but for certain reasons I can not help myself. Axl has been called all sorts of bad names (including a foul mouthed delinquint). To be sure, there is more cursing on this album than I am accustomed to. But if Axl had been in someway 'politically correct' or if he used the same amount of curses for what was 'politically correct' people everywhere would make all sorts of excuses for him. At least he DOES NOT curse for the sake of cursing! Although there are many curse words in this record, they are written into the song well. (So much for that issue.) The songs are energetic and well written. The tension varies at certain points, but the record flows well, and it is NEVER boring. Also, he does insulate this effort of his from competition by singing about topics you don't hear on every record. ('Night Train' 'Mr. Brownstone' etc.) So we have powerful energy, well written songs, a good flow, and real individuality. Even if you don't really like Guns and Roses you should buy this record.
630242335X|5.0|I believe this movie is the best out of the Trek series because the plot emulated the realistic fall of the Berlin Wall, making it interesting and believable.I wonder how they were able to get the Klingon blood to float in the air. The viewer did not know until the end of the movie who assassinated Chancellor Gorkon, holding the plot's tension. The special effects were more advanced than previous movies.  In the beginning, a low budget prevented these special effects. It's a must see for everyone, but especially Star Trek fans.
1577311523|5.0|This book is just astonishing. It pulls you in like a vacuum and turns you inside out.  I have given it to many friends who have thanked me like crazy ever since. Tolle is so innocently simple in his revelations of his spiritual experience that he causes you to experience it too. Not since 17 LIES by Steve Chandler has a book had the power to really change a life. NOW is not just a buzz word when you are through reading. Now is now. Right now.
B000001ELB|4.0|Being a Kiss fan, I was well pleased with the album. Songs like deuce, Detroit Rock City, and Love Gun are complied into one large Cd. All of the songs are worth listening to.  Personally, i think the cd gives you a bang for your buck. However, Beth is sung by Peter Criss, whom doesnt have the best voice for the job (I preferr Eric Carr's version). This is the first of the many many &quot;Best of&quot; cds that you have seen from kiss, and it can hold its own very well.
0064407667|5.0|As any person who notices these kind of things, you have to consider that most of these book reviews are written by adults.<br />Now I forgot. This IS a children's book, right? I happen to be a fourteen years old, and I recieved this book for Christmas (from a book magazine that sold &quot;great&quot; books). Any person I met who read it liked the books (even my english teacher NOTE: TEACHER).<br />I am an avid reader, reading many of the classics (Grapes of Wrath; Hobbit; The Jungle; To Kill a Mockingbird), and enjoy the fantasy genre. So don't get me wrong by thinking I liked the book because they dumbed it down, or I'm a know-nothing (I happen to be in a special english, and math class).<br />I found this book to be inventive, with a new style of writing. He kept you interested with the constant mystery, and clueless adults who frusterate you until you have to laugh at them. He keeps you attentive and not bored with a change of writing every few chapters. For example, he with will have little definitions that will obviously not be real, but attached to the storyline, and little humerous tidbits like five pages of &quot;never&quot;'s, or a couple of pages of black. It's a refreshing edition to the many styles of writing that are used way too often, and changed the direction of &quot;oh, the hero has trouble, he goes and meets the bad guy, and defeats him. Happily Ever After!&quot; There is no &quot;Happily Ever After&quot; here, and I find that in itself funny.<br />If you can't handle the heat, get out of the kitchen! This was a fabulous book, and I recomend them all to anybody! I gave the book what it deserved, and if you don't like it. TOUGH! If you have nothing good to say, say nothing at all. Don't try to get people to avoid a book based on your opinion! They should avoid it on their opinion!<br />I bid you farewell.
0140544518|5.0|This hillarious book could be read two ways...was Mr. Wolf framed ? Was it just media excess up to its usual tricks ? Could be, ya never know !<br />Or, was old Al just like those people &quot;near and dear&quot; to us, who will say anything, blame anyone, and re-write history if necessary, to justify their actions ? Yes, I have a feeling Mr. Wolf had a big weasel streak in him. It would be interesting to read this story with kids and point out these two viewpoints, and how good it feels to be able to say &quot;I did it, and I'm sorry&quot;.<br />The illustrations by Lane Smith are brilliant, expressive, and with a lot of wit...the &quot;protein&quot; in the giant cheeseburger is so funny !...there are details that will keep you entertained for several viewings, and the use of newspaper cuttings is great. This is a unique and imaginitve book for all ages...the adults I think will appreciate it the most, because old Al will remind us of a few people we know...
0782008372|1.0|The laser disc is exellant and I really enjoy watching this movie, but the dvd is very poor quality. I understand why it sales for a bargin rate. This is the worst quality dvd i have seen.
B00005A1PR|5.0|This is probably the best CD I've heard in a while! I love &quot;Video&quot; and &quot;Brown Skin&quot;. If u like soul, this is your album. Dadah! All done.
B000003TA4|3.0|Nevermind brought teenage rage, and the grunge rock scene all onto center stage with one fell swoop....Its circumstances are groundbreaking, a few songs essential...<br />But as a CD of music, and not a movement,  its simply an average late80's early 90's heavy rock disc with above average gloom lyrics....It gets off to a good start, but for the most part (polly excepted) its not a very versatile or &quot;classic&quot; disc...
0792833201|5.0|All of today's recent horror movie makers get half of their ideas from this movie. There isn't any sex or gore but a ghost in a television still provides suspense that is more than entertaining. It is funny on a few instances too. I like it.
B000007SPU|5.0|Incredible collection of tracks and artists...&quot;Tarantula&quot; is just about the most beautiful song ever written...
0792833201|5.0|All of today's recent horror movie makers get half of their ideas from this movie. There isn't any sex or gore but a ghost in a television still provides suspense that is more than entertaining. It is funny on a few instances too. I like it.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Marilyn Manson's Antichrist Superstar is onw of the greatest albums of all time. It is packed full with terrific songs, and has lyrics that blow you away.  (What i don't understand is why people think would offend a Christian so terribly. I am a Christian and i didn't find the album offending at all.) So if you are in the mood for an incredible music experiance than buy Antichrist Superstar. It is great.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|I really like the main plot of this movie, that us North Americans are unexpectedly pulled into a developing war. Despite the fact that there were subtitles, I ran into a few problems since I only speak English and Russian, and not German. The camera goes back and forth between the Americans and Germans so that the viewer has the entire point of view, which I don't like because it adds to predictability. Then, when the Americans take over the German sub, everything is said so technically and is confusing as all out. They could have made the sub engine gears more subtle, and focused on the battle, but they didn't. <br />In conclusion, the first half was fairly good, but the rest is REALLY REALLY hard to sit through. Try &quot;Crimson Tide&quot;. This is a no go.
6305903182|5.0|this is the best folim out of the whole scream seritses. i saw this movie when it frirst came otbn and thosught thnat everyonez iz itz waz greatz! itz haz lotz of laighz and excitment. courtey coxz iz great and david arqueete is very funny. Wez craven iz one of the great directors of all time!
B00003CX8J|5.0|Being an X-Men fan from way back, I've always been leary of movie adaptations, which tend to re-package comics in a more simplified, special effects / powers emphasized over characterization, &quot;public-friendly&quot; form.  The X-Men movie, however, managed to hang on to the decades old complex characterizations of its main characters, and show some of the depth that made the X-Men series such a good read all these years.  Casting of Prof. X, Wolverine, Magneto, Toad, Jean Grey, and the young Rogue was superb.  Toad actually surpassed his comic book version.  The previous relationship between Rogue and Mystique was ignored in favor of a new plotline, and Scott/Cyclops seemed a tad young for Jean, but I can live with that considering how well it all turned out as a package. The Storm character was nowhere near as strong, compassionate and imposing a character as she is in the book (group leader material once Scott gets out of the way), but since she was considered a secondary character in the movie, it was probably wise not to flesh out her personality as fully as it is in the books.  We would have wound up with just one too many subplots happening.  Hopefully in a sequel she'll really get a chance to shine.  Looking forward to the next go round.
B0000524E5|2.0|really boring dull cjhick flick that is awful. i lov u tira but this isn;'t a ggod movie. i didnt wantt o watch thers people at all. but i do want to go into this club.
B00003CXDG|1.0|This movie stinks! The acting is average, the directing is good but bad for John Woo's average. Why so many close-ups?? There wasn't that much action until the end. The scene at the lab, very similar to M:I1 and if that was supposed to be one of the first action scenes why fill it with slow motion?? The story was a bit similar to the X-Files movie! The thing with the virus and the female lead infected with it and the male lead saving her. (In my opinion the X-Files: FTF was much better) - Also there are many cliches in this movie, predictable. In total, terrible movie. Be sure to expect after the success of this in a couple of years M:I3
0780631684|4.0|as pefect as a movie can be. everytjng little3 thing inz thiz film makez pefect sense. i loved everything about this movie. and i know how to spot a geatr film. and this iz itz.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver is the album of the century. Even ask MTV. This is the Beatles album that started a new era for rock and roll. This is a must have album. Why? Because anybody can enjoy this album. Every song is different and thats what makes the beatles a legand for our time. From the political lyrics of Taxman (Harrison) to Paul's unforgettable guitar solo in Tomorrow Never Knows (Lennon/McCartney) this is an album you will want to add to your collection. Here is what I think of the songs:<br />Taxman- This song is about taxes. (Duh!) It all started one day when the fab 4 got their tax bills and were not very happy. Especially George and Ringo. George put together this song and I am pretty shure they all had a good time doing it. They are expressing themseves. By George Harrison<br />Eleanor Rigby- This is a song by Paul McCartney and with a little help from John. The song is about a woman who just got married and is living a simple life. I guess she gives a different face to people who are lonley. This is a beautiful song and very haunting too. Played by a quartet. A track that is unforgetable. By John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Alson found on the remastered Yellow Submarine Soundtrack from the movie.<br />I'm Only Sleeping- More of a John song. He wrote it and Paul helped a bit. John was inspired by waking up very early for the different sessions he had. This track can also be found on Yesterday and Today. <br />Love You Too- One of George's fist songs on the sitar. (besides Norwigen wood ((This bird had flown)) An interesting track. Inspired by indians and features Ringo on the bongos Also found on the 1969 album Yellow Submarine and on the 1999 remastered Yellow Submarine.<br />Here, There and Everywhere- A beautiful ballad by Paul and with a little help from John. This is one of the best songs on the album. I used to play this one at sock hops all the time (never got a dance though!) Its a wonderful song and should be one of the first ones you listen to. By John Lennon and Paul McCartney.<br />Yellow Submarine- This is not one of the greatest songs in the album. But it is one you want to have on there. We all go through our Yellow Submarine phase when we are about 7 and under, so bring back some memories. Also found on Yellow Submarine the 1969 version and the newer one in 1999. Great song. Ringo Starr lead vocals, John Lennon with sond effects and others such as Patti Boyd Harrison with backing vocals. By John Lennon and Paul McCartney.<br />She Said She Said- A John song. Very Johnish. A song i got banned form when I was about 11. The begining goes &quot;She said, I know what its like to be dead.&quot; Not my favorite, but a very catchy tune. By John Lennon and Paul McCartney.<br />Good Day Sunshine- Don't get confused with Good Morning Sunshine. I did. But when I heard this, It beat Good Morning Sunshine. Heak, it beat anything I ever heard! This is a wonderful song that just makes you want to jump! It's a nice song that talks about the sun.(Actually, inspired by pot!) My favorite song ever. You might like it too.<br />And Your Bird Can Sing- A cheerful  song about a girl who breaks up with a guy and gets a bird. He is saying when it is dead, will you come back to me?  This song is by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Also found on Yesterday and Today.<br />For No One- This is a sad song about a guy and girl who break up. A sad melody, but beautiful. Not my favorite, but a good one. It makes you feel sorry for the guy because he dosen't like the girl anymore. There is nothing in her eyes . Not even a sign of love behind her tears that cry for nobody. Those are the lyrics, well sorta. By John Lennon and Paul McCartney.<br />Dr. Robert- A good song. A Johnish song talking about a doctor who gives pills or drugs to cure a patient. Everybody knows his name and everybody likes him. By John Lennon and Paul McCartney.<br />I Want To Tell You- If I had to pick my least favorite song on the album, this would probably be it. The chordsare very striking. I just can't stand them. Yet, it is a good song. Every song on Revolver is awesome. So, I can't say its my least favorite song ever, but as far as the album goes, this probably is the worst.<br />Got to Get You Into My Life- The brass is awsome in this song! I love it! A really great song that I really like. It fits into the album very well, then again, it is inspired by drugs. A very Paulish song. A little help from John. Making it a John Lennon and Paul McCartney tune.<br />Tomorrow Never Knows- This is a really, really, really, really, wierd song. Paul's unforgettable guitar solo is amazing! The sitar is very powerful. It talks about meditation and love for the world. This song was banned form the radio so it is an treat to hear this one. Agian, I was banned form hearing this song. it is good though. Very Johnish. By John Lennon and a little help form Paul McCartney.<br />Wll, thats all of them. I hope this helps you. If you get this album, you are not making a bad choice. You wont wait to get this album revolving on your record, tape, or cd player!!!
B0000549B0|5.0|This classic comedy of martini-loving Elwood P. Dowd and his companion the Pookah (all invisible 6' rabbitt of him)is simply delightful.  You need no further proof of James Stewart's versatility as an actor equally adept at drama or comedy than his portrayal here of the whimsical, kind, &amp; gently philosophical Elwood.<br />The cast is uniformly wonderful with Josephine Hull a standout as his harried sister who doesn't want to believe in Harvey the Pookah, but, well....strange things do happen.  Jesse White as the orderly and Cecil Kellaway as the director of the Asylum are also notable, but even small roles such as Wallace Ford as the cab driver and the actor playing the judge are just right.<br />Mary Chase won the Pulitzer prize for this Broadway hit, and all the wonderful, memorable lines are here.  &quot;To be oh so clever, or oh so kind..&quot; and all the rest.  This is a beautifully written and perfectly realized warm comedy about what is and isn't important in life.  First rate all the way.
B00000G3PA|4.0|Armageddon<br />Score: 74/100<br />If you are making an explanation of the ingredients that an 100/100 film would need, it is best not to use Armageddon's flavours. But, if you are making an explanation of pure entertainment at it's best, then Armageddon is a great example to use. This film opened up to the world as a major blockbuster with Razzie potential from some critics. However, some movie-goer's, like myself, happened to enjoy this film, and as a shooting star of a moneymaker, Armageddon soars high in the universe.<br />A giant, global-killing asteroid, like the one that killed off the dinosaurs 65 million years ago is 18 days away from hitting the Earth. NASA's been caught with their pants down and needs a new plan to stop the rock. They enlist the help of Harry Stamper (Bruce Willis), an expert deep core driller, to train their astronauts and help them drill into the asteroid and plant a nuclear bomb. But Harry figures the astronauts can't be trained in time and opts to go with his own oil drilling crew.<br />To get the flaws over and done with, Armageddon is sometimes too far-fetched that it becomes a little bit laughable, and Bruce Willis' character, Harry, is the hero. He isn't likeable one bit, unlike Willis' former heroic gun-aimer's and space travelling characters. But those things are quite minor, and great performances from Liv Tyler and Ben Affleck - especially Tyler, as the beautiful and Earthly young girl who sends her two most important men into sport - make up for Willis' half-effort. Also, a star-studded cast supports the three stars, including the never bad Steve Buscemi, giant Michael Clarke Duncan, the calm Owen Wilson and the weirdly watchable William Fichtner. All these actors play their roles well, and each have more faith in the story than some of the other main stars alone. Michael Bay controls his crew well, and he works excellently with the special effects team to create a stunning view of space, and some awesome blasting sounds thatwill unnerve you.<br />Armageddon is not as bad as you may of heard, and even though it isn't Best Picture material, it is still an excellent form of entertainment, a film that is able to mix romance, thrills and full-on adventure nicely and without struggle.
6305265666|5.0|Ever After is an awesome movie about what might've happened with Cinderella (even though she's basically fiction).  Drew Barrymore is great as &quot;Cinderella&quot;, and Anjelica Huston superb as her wicked stepmother.  For Drama lovers, there's lot of dramatic intensity, plus romance.  In the movie you'll find yourself liking all the good guys and (of course), hating the bad guys!  And that's what a movie like this is supposed to make you feel.  A great DVD!
B0000508U6|4.0|Alright, as I'm sure many people did, I first saw/heard Coldplay from the &quot;Yellow&quot; video on mtv2.  My first thought when Chris's voice went so high was,&quot;That sounds sort of like Thom Yorke.&quot;  I saw the video a couple more times, downloaded &quot;Don't Panic,&quot; and then bought &quot;Parachutes.&quot;<br />Is Coldplay Radiohead?  No.  But is Coldplay *anyone*?  The answer is also no.  Coldplay's music is very unique.  At first, I listened to the album and thought to myself,&quot;These lyrics are stupid...every song sounds the same,&quot; that sort of thing; but the more you listen to it the more you hear all of the acoustics, and the more Chris's voice grows on you.  The album in itself is very impressive.  It's not a rock opera, but it does keep the same mood throughout.<br />Don't buy this album because it's supposed to be the next &quot;The Bends.&quot;  Buy it because it's the first &quot;Parachutes.&quot;
B00003CXE6|5.0|If there was a choice of ten stars I would rate it that. This movie deserved every Oscar it was nominated for. It will keep you thinking about the Roman Empire and loyalty. It will keep you on the edge of your seats. This movie has a great storyline and I recommend it to anybody who enjoys a good movie.
B000002HPT|5.0|As a fan of prog rock, I surprise even myself at rating FII as my favorite DT album. I don't need to harp on the fact that they tried for a more radio-friendly approach (there are 70+ reviews about that already). I simply present to you, the reader/listener, an excellent album, well produced, and full of crafty rock songs. As much as I love Awake, Change of Seasons, Images and Words and Scenes from a Memory (and BOY, do I LOVE those), I grudgingly rank FII as my favorite disc. Why? Hard to say. Upon early listens, New Millenium, Peruvian Skies and You not Me were instant favs... but after a few  years, I must say, Trial of Tears, Lines in the Sand and particularly Anna Lee rank among some of the best prog-metal that I've heard. Anna Lee is the one song I always skipped (you know the one I mean - when you really dig a new album, you like most of it but always skip that one track... track #10 was that one on this album for me, for a couple of years..) but now it is one of my favorites. Simply a gorgeous song. And Trial of Tears is an outstanding closer, not at all the overblown, overlong song that prior reviews would have you believe. Once again, I can't express to you just how much I love all of DT's output, but I also can't express just how much I love to air drum, air guitar, and sing along to these tracks. La Brie, Portnoy, Petrucci and Myung have never sounded better, and for interest's sake, the Rush influence is unmistakeable on this album. I heartily recommend it.
B000002ADT|5.0|I know very little about jazz (technically, that is), but I know that I love Miles Davis' &quot;Kind of Blue.&quot;  It's a classic staple of the genre and is simply beautiful.  From the opening notes of &quot;So What&quot; to the bristling eroticism of &quot;All Blues,&quot; my favorite track, &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; is perfect for rainy afternoons or any time for that matter.  It is a work of genius, plain and simple.  Luckily now this great album is available at a wonderful price, remastered and restored to its brilliance with a booklet, essays, and an alternate take of the Flamenco Sketches.  Great.
0140277447|2.0|OK, OK, I understand that there are still people including Japanese (sadly) who think criticism of this book has something to do with &quot;Japanese right-wing conspiracy.&quot; Well, there is nothing like that at all. You are fabricating a fuss out of nothing. I am an ordinary citizen. The book requires dense revisions if it wants to remain in book market. Too much agitation and facts misuse have to be corrected to be intellegible. <br />Here are some questions that I would like to ask to supporters of the book: <br />1. &quot;Perhaps 350,000 Chinese were killed&quot;? What do you mean by &quot;perhaps&quot;? Sincere historians rigorously estimated, not guesstimated, the number is appr. 20,000. Well, the number does not count?, yes, Japanese ought to recognize this number, not &quot;350,000.&quot; Don't fabricate the number. It is subject to coming historical substantiation.<br />2. &quot;Japanese should extend deep apologies to Asians&quot;? Japanese government and Emperor had reiterated apologies for the past ten years especially. How many apologies are enough? And, in the context of international relations, the issues have been solved in the form of treaties. Please voice your frustration to your own government. By the way, under Chinese communist government how many Chinese were killed? over 20 million in cultural revolution.  <br />3. &quot;Japanese should apologize like Germans did&quot;? Oh, no! Japanese did not fight a war like Germans did. Don't confuse them together. Nangking incident was NOT instructed by Tokyo headquarters. Armies did it out of the instrutions. I would like to correct this. German deliberate slaughters of Jews was well prepared by Nazi headquarters, and it was done systematically. By the way, Germans have apologized for Nazi out-of-war activities, but have not apologized for the war-activities. Please! If defeated allies of Germans and Japanese have to be apologetic for coming years, why not Europeans apologize to former colonized Asians, Arabs and Africans clearly? I never heard of it. <br />4. &quot;Atomic bombs&quot;? Americans should apologize for their killing innocent Japanese nationals, mothers, kids, elderly in Hiroshima and Nagasaki (WAR CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY), &quot;if&quot; Americans think Japanese owe further apologies to Chinese and for Pearl Harbour. <br />5. Please study international relations 101. Don't play hard to use history as a diplomatic bargaining card. We have learned a lot. Japanese massive ODAs to Chinese have been never reported to Chinese people. There is always a limit to everything.   <br />6. All the Japanese know what Japanese military did. We are all sorry for what happended and sincerely apologize. Japanese government has repeated apology a number of times. Please understand better. Beside incapable Japanese military back then, if US had not had imposed oil embargo, Japan might have not attacked Pearl Harbour. The US misjudged Japanese desparate situations. The Hull Note was terrible in tone. The US should have had better intelligence assessment. <br />7. Well, yes, Japanese admit our mistakes and apologize for that.  If you still don't like Japanese, please continue. It's none of our business. Japanese try to establish friendly ties with neighbours who share the value of future cooperation. South Korea and Japan relations is becoming extremely better. We decided that there will be no more backward thinking after the previous Japanese apologies to South Korea two years ago. <br />Again, I am just an ordinary citizen, and not a right winger.
B0000025T6|5.0|I'll be honest. Even though I enjoyed his singles when I was growing up, I'm not really a Springsteen fan. But after this album, I'm beginning to wonder why I'm not. Stark and beautiful at once, this album was truly haunting. I had no idea that he crafted such moving lyrics and could deliver them in such a spare and intimate fashion. This is one of the few albums where I don't set my stereo to play just a couple of tracks: this album must be heard as a whole. It is an experience to be savored.
B00003CWTI|1.0|This movie is the epitome of bad flimmaking, pure and simple.<br />A vignette movie with not one interesting character.  The cop was absent of commonsense.  Cruise's character was only a very occasionally clever satire.  The coked-out daughter - boring.  The old men dying of cancer - who cares, they couldn't stop cussing.  The pill-popping druggy wife - absolutely uninteresting. The ex-quiz show champ who wants braces - see a therapist.  The new little quiz show champ - ok, I felt for him.<br />And then there are the frogs - get out your Sugar Smacks - this has to be one of the stupidest plot devices ever.  It worked in the Bible.  But in &quot;Magnolia&quot; it's evidence of a pompous and pretentious young director far outreaching his grasp.  It doesn't work in any way, shape or form.<br />For 3 hours I watched almost every scene end with one of these idiotic characters blowing an emotional head gasket.  One pointless temper tantrum after another, complete with lots of cussing to help them make their &quot;point.&quot;  The complexity of these characters amounted to if they didn't get their way they exploded and cussed a lot.  BORING!!<br />This was a terrible film.  One of the worst of all time.  I can't decide which is worse between this and &quot;The Green Mile&quot; -- both were awful but for different reasons.  Oh, I just had a nightmarish idea, maybe Frank Darabont can adapt a Stephen King novel and Paul Anderson can direct the awful mess.  Guaranteed: the next time I see any of these names -- King, Darabont, Anderson -- in conjunction with any film, I *won't* be watching it.<br />Consider this a lesson learned.<br />Zero stars.  Another three hours of my precious life wasted.<br />(This review took 8 &amp; 1/2 minutes to write, so I didn't waste much on it :)
B00005ATQM|5.0|After hearing how much better S&amp;M sounded on DVD compared to CD, I will make sure I am the first in line to get the greatest album ever made on DVD-Audio.  The sound of a DVD is far superior of that of a basic CD player.  If you don't believe me, listen to S&amp;M on CD, and then listen to it on DVD.  You will be convinced.
B000002I2M|5.0|There are so few albums out there that you can say every cut is great, this is one of them.   From the raw Blues of &quot;King Snake&quot; to the haunting melody of &quot;Riders on the Storm&quot; this is The Doors at thier very best.  If you have never heard The Doors music but have heard of the legend Jim Morrison and are looking for the best of The Doors music, this is it.
0452282152|5.0|This was an amazing journey through time and artistry.  Tracy Chevalier has written an in-depth novel, taking us back for a coming of age story following a young maid thrown into a life she is not prepared for.  The story itself is SO well written, that you cannot be completely absorbed in it within the first few pages!  I highly recommed this to anyone who is looking for a great read!
B00003CXIY|4.0|I stayed away from Road Trip as long as humanly possible for reasons I'm still not sure of.  RT was definitely overhyped as being &quot;hilarious&quot; and &quot;the funniest movie of the year.&quot;  I finally decided to rent it because I figured anything with Tom Green in it had to have some laughs.  I was right, RT is without a doubt a funny movie, although Green is not in it for the better part of the film.  The other characters are pretty damn funny, especially Seann William Scott who is hilarious.  Typical road movie fare with some funny detours along the way (Frat house scene and Andy Dick in the motel).  Tom Green is his usual self, putting live mice into his mouth and mooning the camera.  The funniest thing about RT is Barry's (Tom Green) obsession with feeding his friends pet snake.  The french toast scene in the diner is also really good, and Seann William Scott's dancing to &quot;I Wanna Rock&quot; on the bus is great.  I'm glad I rented RT, but I still think Dumb and Dumber is the ultimate comedy road trip movie.
B000002I25|5.0|Most doors fans have noticed that people who dislike the band are usually the mediocre, herd animal types--they don't like revolutionary, philosophical art of any kind, pop music or otherwise.  Critics of the doors talk about Morrison being decadent and exhibitionistic, when a clear sighted person would see a great, gifted man struggling with his own inner torment.  Unlike a basically sugary, shallow band like the Beatles,The Doors music isn't simple nostalgia, nicey nice peace love and happiness bull; Morrison is talking about individual rebellion as the way to an authentic life and the madness in us all. For all his long hair and pot smoking, Morrison was about far from the stereotypical hippy as they come.  He was clearly not a happy person (his suicide at age 27 gives a clear indication of that), he advocated a quite definite and even violent break with society, and he acknowledged in his lyrics that revolution might be the only way to accomplish this.    <br />Morrison's lyrics, far from being about happiness and love, are inspired by the likes of Albert Camus or Friedrich Nietzsche.  Morrison was intensely aware of man's chilling existential predicament, hence the emphasis on death in his lyrics. <br />You will never find a band quite like the doors--with a frontman who sacrificed his life for the cause of freedom from societal constraints, and surrealist lyrics which penetrate both the mind and the soul
0780624890|4.0|The familiar stereotypes of the vampire overlord, the female victim and the dedicated hunter are firmly in place, but with a modern, cyber twist. Based on the successful Marvel Comics series, 'Blade' is kung fu cool meets 'The Matrix' - the real world is a different place to what you thought. <br />Blade is a half-vampire who hunts the undead to avenge the death of his mother, who was bitten while pregnant, thus giving him &quot;all of our strengths, non of our weaknesses&quot;. Referred to as &quot;the daywalker&quot; by the creatures he hunts, he is aided by Whistler, a semi-alcoholic, laconic sidekick who lost his family to vampires and Karen Jenson, a haematologist. Snipes plays Blade as a tortured, granite-faced warrior with a spirituality the audience is supposed to compare to that of Samurai. Complete with deadpan one-liners, he stalks and stakes with gusto, never quite revealing any wimpy emotion. <br />The uber-villian of the piece is the designer-shirted Deacon Frost, played with menacing cool by former brat-pack actor, Stephen Dorff. Frost has discovered an ancient ritual that will resurrect 'La Magra' - the Blood God, who is capable of triggering a &quot;vampire apocalypse&quot;. This ritual also happens to require the blood of the daywalker, setting the scene for a climatic showdown between the hunter and the overlord. <br />Surrounded by a cadre of underlings, the most three dimensional of whom being Quinn, a playful heavy with puppy dog enthusiasm, Frost is far from the traditional vampire. In Blade's world, vampires are not creatures that skulk in cemeteries impersonating Bela Lugosi on a bad day - they are powerful figures in business and politics with vast financial resources. They have Swiss bank accounts, ultra-modern penthouse apartments and complete control over the authorities due to a back-alley treaty with the government. <br />Frost represents a threat to the established way of vampire life enforced by the House of Erebus - a ruling cabal of twelve elders who live by the maxim 'we do things quietly and the humans will leave us alone'. By conjuring La Magra, Frost hopes to enslave mankind. <br />'Blade' is a film that is very much a triumph of style over substance. The action sequences, especially the final confrontation between Blade and Frost, are spectacular, although the disintegration of vampire corpses does become a little wearisome. <br />The initial scenes in the vampire nightclub have a body count rivalling that of the goriest shoot-em up computer games. Everyone looks good, whether it's Frost's trendy haircut, or Blade's cyber-warrior cool, complete with tribal tattoos. The array of weaponry and gadgets is impressive, special mentions going to Blade's titanium katana and Karen's 'vampire mace' comprising of garlic and silver nitrate. <br />The plot is hardly Shakespearean, racing from one sword-twirling slaughter to another, but is redeemed by some eerie flashback moments. The sarcastic, sometimes snappy dialogue oozes street cred and provides a nice foil to the action sequences. <br />Characterisation is a problem, with most of the cast either cardboard cutout 'goodies' or 'baddies'. An exception to this is Blade. Although the villain has evil written through him like a stick of rock, the hero is not as lily white as the usual hunter - Blade has to constantly battle his vampire side. <br />Karen Jenson initially looks promising as a doctor with the potential to cure Blade's thirst, but quickly lapses into the victim role with occasional bursts of heroism. One obvious oversight in the film is the twelve 'pure bloods' of the House of Erebus - they are woefully underused. <br />Overall, 'Blade' is a frenetically paced cyber thriller for a new generation of vampire fans. Despite its faults, it is a welcome addition to a genre that was in danger of collapsing beneath the weight of cliché. Leave your brain in a jar by the door, enjoy the action and be prepared for a desire to don kevlarbody armour and learn kung fu.<br />Helen C. Murphy. Resident Author. BloodLust-uk.com
0060916540|5.0|This is an unbelievable story about a mountain climbing accident.  More incredible than the Beck Weathers survival account.  It is a great mountaineering tale but probably more importantly, a tale of determination and triumph of the highest magnitude.  A short book, just about right for a long plane ride, assuming you are not traveling with children.  This book is one you will re-read.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Wow!  I had never even heard of Dido until my roommate introduced me to this CD.  I LOVE IT!  Every song on this CD is absolutely wonderful.  Once I listened to the whole album, I was addicted.  I play Dido all of the time.  This ablum is a must-have for anyone who truly appreciates music!
B000002NZO|5.0|This Album is my fav genesis album. Every time I hear &quot;Looking For Someone&quot; or &quot;visions of angels&quot; I forget everything. All 6 tracks are simply beautiful and I must say that you can't tell that phil is not in the group.<br />Buy this one, this is an undicovered masterpiece
B00003CX8I|4.0|There are three wonderful performances in this movie. Hugh Jackman is awesome as Wolverine. Patrick Stewart is calm and commanding as Xavier. But the heart of the film is Anna Paquin's Rogue. The filmmakers decided to make Rogue a real person rather than the fake cartoon version. Some fans still don't get the fact that making Rogue real gives the movie depth. Ignore them. Paquin's Rogue makes this movie a film worth watching AND thinking about. Rogue is terribly tragic because she is a real teenage girl with a tragic affliction. She is forever alone. And Paquin is brilliant as Rogue. See this film. The scenes between Paquin and Jackman are truly touching. Trust me, this is a very well acted film. See it.
6304100507|3.0|This movie is one of the few Disneys that truly feels modern, and - gasp - all those characters who have American accents are actually meant to have American accents as they are American!  (Unlike British settlers, French cats, Chinese females, etc).  The animation here is often more blurred and simplified but it suits the movie.  And the contemporary scenery looks great.  I love all the characters except Jenny who basically is stuck with the cute kid role, but I felt the movie was over too quickly, with everything being resolved too fast.  But I loved the music (if this was a musical I'd gladly perform in it - can I be Georgette?) and the bad guy.  Yesss!  Campaign for more gangsters in Disney!  Overall a likeable movie with a nicely contemporary outlook.
630469654X|4.0|My favorite love story/scifi/fantasy movie. Pfeiffer and Hauer respectively play Isabeau and Navarre convincingly as lovers who suffer the anguish of cursed separation.<br />Watch Hauer's face as he listens to Gaston(Broderick) speak of Isabeau---you will be captivated by his expressions of powerful disdain and bitterness changing to expressions of delight and longing.<br />Feel the gravity of tragedy when Gaston asks Isabeau who she is and she answers \\"I am Sorrow.\\" Pfeiffer is perfect as Isabeau and Rutger Hauer as Navarre. I still swoom when I see his riding scenes on that magnificent black stallion...in those black nobleman's riding clothes on a lean and muscular body. Whew! Someone let some air in, please! (And I don't usually like the blonde and tan type.)<br />The scene at dawn---for that fleeting moment when they are both human and they achingly reach out to touch hands...I could almost feel the ache too. Hauer's roar of frustration---whoah.<br /> And yes, the music can get strong and corny at times, but there are other moments when the disco medieval works out just fine.<br /> The fighting scenes are good, and Broderick sets off an element of humour well. The scene when the lovers confront the evil bishop are satisfying for an ending. And, honestly, the only thing that I DID NOT like about the movie was the very last scene---it could have been a little different. Here's why: Navarre holds Isabeau up in the air and twirls her around in the church hall while sunshine streams over them...Pfeiffer lifts her arms up like she's flying...Okay I could stomach that part, but the part where she cries out \\"I love you\\" over and over again. Puhleeeze! For me, this is the one lame scene and week cinematic treatment of the story.<br />Otherwise, aside from the last few seconds of that ending scene, the rest of the movie is strong and I just can't resist the whole effect it has on me. It's a special hybrid of fairytale/fantasy and romance.
B000050XEI|5.0|It's been too long since Enya's last album, The Memory of Trees. She does seem to take her time between albums, which I suppose isn't too surprising given that her work is all original; no covers, and I imagine all those effects and multi-layering takes time to record. Anyway, A Day Without Rain doesn't disappoint, apart from its relative brevity in these days of 16 - 20 tracks on most albums, and playing times of around an hour. It's surprising, therefore, that this has only twelve tracks. Nevertheless, it has twelve *quality* tracks. Wild Child is possibly the most 'commercial' here, and it's very good; I tend to prefer tracks such as Flora's Secret - wonderful imagery of the lovers in the long grass - and Only Time. Great to listen to: close your eyes and be carried away! Oh, and so what if this CD sounds similar to Enya's previous work? If she did anything other than this unique blend of Celtic music and haunting melodies, I wouldn't want to buy it!
014028009X|5.0|With terms like Singletons, Smug Marrieds and Whippersnappers... Bridget Jones tells us what it's like being a single woman in London in the modern times. Through her diary, the reader is able see right into her mind. Oh her obsession with counting things... like her weight, counting calories, cigarettes smoked, alcohol contents consumed among other things is hilarious with her special comments next to them. Her obsession with Mr. Darcy (especially the wet shirt bit) from Pride and Prejudice (along with her friends Shazz and Jude) Bridget has several interesting encounters with her own Mr. Mark Darcy. Stuck in a dead end job and doomed relationships- Bridget shares with us her every day life, which is filled with outrageously embarrassing situations to mundane everyday things. Although, with Bridget Jones, everyday mundane things are not really mundane at all! These daily entries are funny and absolutely engrossing!! And found myself laughing outloud not just because the heroine is a crack-up but because I was able to relate so much to Bridget! I actually noticed myself writing more like her in my own journal entries... I loved reading about a woman who got into more humiliating scrapes and embarrassing situations more than me! There really is a Bridget Jones in every woman. Can't wait to read Edge of Reason!
B00000K31Q|5.0|I looked at the movie previews and I thought &quot;This doesn't seem like a bad movie&quot;. Then it came out on video. I didn't see it until like a few months or a year after it came out. When I finally saw it, I was asking myself why I've never seen it before! It's cute! If you like movies like Loser and Austin Powers (1 or 2) than you'll love this movie! I was laughing so much! It even takes place where i live. I know this movie will go in my DVD collection and you HAVE to get this!
0767824571|5.0|So thus, I thrust. Oop's cut ya arm off...Tis but a scratch, right? You've had worse? Only a flesh wound? Thats jolly. ______<br />I was so glad when I was introduced to this movie a year ago! It is just th'illy. Onwards we go in quest for the holy grail, only to be cut short by crazy forest giants, a wizard named &quot;Tim&quot;, three headed people swollowers (and other swallows), and a bridge keeper with three questions. . .among other things. King arthur, an un-elected king,(Because no one voted for him), has gone on a quest with his knights, and you are very much invited. So, storm the castle and save the damsel in distress that killed your trusty horse (not really your horse, but you get the idea) (Not really a horse at all, but someone banging coconuts together, carrying your gear, you get the idea.)(Not really your gear, but....not even really your coconuts......thi'lly.) So come along with acres of fans in search for the grail. And beware of Camelot...'tis a thi'lly place! ***** (Sorry If my review is slack, but heck there is too much to talk about!)
B00001NFCY|2.0|I can see the appeal of this cd, but I am not one it appeals to.  I had high hopes after Prison but this cd just falls flat.  I gave it 5 good listens and I found that I had to break each session in half because I just got bored.  Scott's voice and lyrics are very, and I hate to say this, bland.  I didn't feel the power that I did on Prison.  This cd sounds forced and too grungy.  I guess I was looking for another power like One or the song Prison.  Arms Wide Open may be the best you will find on this cd.  I didn't like Higher when it was released but I took a chance after hearing Arms.  Are You Ready is a decent start but I left the cd feeling empty.  Many have and will disagree and I will admit I may be in the throes of a musical mood or musical taste shift, but I would still rather hear Prison, Stone Temple Pilots or Pearl Jam over this one.  Nothing on Clay comes off as being a progression from Prison.  The cd just sounds too safe.  It is not bad enough to gather dust but unless you are a slave to the 3 chord rock sound you may want to pass on this.  I look forward to a better 3rd cd.
B000002BMD|5.0|it's simply too hard to argue when you have quality music, lyrics, and emotion.  not to mention the circumstances that threatened to destroy this album before it was even done.  if you don't know the story on richey, read up, it will help you understand this album.  what is most impressive is the fact that depression never really sets in - this is the most joyous and hopeful record the manics ever did.  there are angry/bitter moments throughout, for sure, as in &quot;kevin carter&quot; and a handful of others, but the music itself is anthemic and upbeat, especially in comparison to &quot;the holy bible&quot;, their previous release.  there are at least six or seven singles on here, but that's almost irrelevant, because it just stresses how good the album truly is.  &quot;elvis impersonator,&quot; despite its strange title, gets everything started, jumping right into the fray with a powerful motif of guitar and harps lurking in the background.  &quot;a design for life,&quot; is a working-class anthem, and what many consider the best track, though i'm not sure about that.  &quot;enola/alone,&quot; is perhaps a thinly veiled tribute to their departed bandmate and it's almost as beautiful as the following title-track that asks james forgiveness for continuing without him.  it's touching, but not sappy because it's not wallowing in misery or too explicit.  one of my favorites is &quot;small black flowers&quot; - it's unlike anything they've done before, as those harps come to the front and create a warm, somewhat mysterious atmosphere that resonates well with the lyrics.  &quot;australia&quot; is a well-known guitar-driven anthem, but the real gem at the record's end is &quot;no surface all feeling.&quot;  it might be the best thing here, with a loud heavily distorted chorus/riff that is countered by the quieter, more contemplative verse.  it works surprisingly well.  the unity of all these songs is really what drives this into classic album territory.  if you insist onhaving just one manics album, get this one - i don't even think the rumored greatest hits (supposedly within the year) can do them justice, so this is the selection of choice, if not for the power of the songs, then for its beauty and message.  to see a band succeed after such despair and come through with so much hope and success is at the very least inspiring as its own statement about the power of the human mind and heart.  rip richey.
B000002H97|5.0|I have always been a rap and R&amp;B fan but, recently, I have begun to listen to Rap/rock like Kid Rock, Limp Bizkit...etc.  I was looking for similar music to this so I decided too try out Metallica... and I can honestly say that the &quot;Black Album&quot; is the best music album I have ever listened to.  Regardless of your music tastes, you should get this CD.
B000002I2G|5.0|This album is the tops.  Even compared with their live work, this cd has the edge (though it's close when compared to  live stuff like &quot;Celebration of the Lizard&quot;, &quot;rock is dead&quot;, &quot;Orange County Suite&quot;, etc. this is EASILY the best studio album).  None of Morrison's poetry has ever reached the level it rises to on &quot;The Soft Parade.&quot;  Songs like &quot;Tell All the People&quot;, &quot;Shaman's Blues&quot;, &quot;Do It&quot;, &quot;Wishful Sinful&quot;, and &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; have NEVER been topped by any band -- ever.  Some may tie them, some come close, but none do it better.  &quot;Shaman's Blues&quot; especially; the combination of pulsing, hypnotic beat with Morrison's perfect words make this the best song on the album (Closely followed by &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; --&gt; an amazing song in 3 parts).  Nothing on the other albums reaches the depth felt in this CD.  One of the most ahead-of-its-time albums of all times, this easily makes my list of top 5 albums ever.  If you love jazz, rock, blues (and more, but, especially those) then, BUY THIS NOW.
B000004286|5.0|I think this James best work. However there is something missing. The beatiful,magestic piece  that was used in the background for the scenes were they show William wallace riding away, the princess walking through the grass before calming to an halt, the three horse riders,The bruce and his father, longshans sick in his chair and finaly my favourite the princess walking through the corridor. I don't think there was any suitable music than that which james composed for this scenes. <br />The music that horner had composed for the movie has inspire to write play write a script which has bee welcomed by many famous holywood directors.   For the higlights of the album are according to survey that I did at school<br />1. Secret wedding 2. For the Love a Princess(movie version) 3. For the Love a Princess(album version) 4. End Credits 5. Princess pleads for wallces life and Freedom/excution and  6. Others<br />I only wish james horner could stop ripping himself. Titaic was exellent Perfect storm okay and Apolo adorable, willlow really funny , glory inspeartional.Enemy at the gate quite familiar with others  If my I choose to be the director for my upcoming movie I think I would cast him and Hans zimmer. If they combine their forces we would be in for guys. WE WILL HAVE THE SOUNDTRACK OF THIS NEW MILLENIUM.<br />GOOD LUCK WITH BRAVEHREART- yOU WILL LOVE IT SPECIALLY sECERET WEDDING
6304708491|4.0|Some People have put the word around that HELP! was a bad movie, these people have issues with themselves that they need to work out in a more positive manner than to bash an awesome movie.  For starters, all of The Beatles movies were made to promote the soundtracks that go along with them so to expect academy awards is obviously out of the question.  But maybe that's why HELP! and A HARD DAY'S NIGHT were so popular, they were actually good movies!  The humor is a completely new breed compared to American movies at the time and the creativity of the movie amazes me still!  For instance, the house that the Beatles live in appears to be four separate houses from the outside because there are four different colored doors for each individual Beatle.  But when they get inside it's all one room!  John's Bed is a pit in the floor, George's carpet is grass, Paul has an electric organ that rises from beneath the floor and Ringo (Although it was evtually edited out) had a cow in his room so he could get himself a fresh glass of milk whenever he needed one!!!  That's not even starting with all the crazy ideas they had for this movie, but I don't want to write out the whole movie for you so just take my word, it's classic!
B00000BKDV|5.0|The album is a 10 star! But I could do with out the cheezy ECD features. The only good thing about the ECD is the band lineup. It's cool to see how they've evolved over the years. The video portion of the ECD is clunky and the audio hisses! (The straight CD audio ROCKS!!!) MAIDEN RULZE!!!!
0743200799|4.0|This book is a refreshing insight to the behind-the-scenes activity at Mission Control from the early days of Mercury to the Space Shuttle.<br />The Mission Controllers are truly the unsung and seldom seen heroes of ALL space flights.  The astronauts are certainaly the most visible link in the chain, and the ones that always get the glory.  This book, however, brings you into the control room...it gives a sense of what it was like to be there, and the critical need to live, work, and act as a team.<br />For his first effort, Kranz is to be commended for his ability to blend the specific details with humor, emotion, and insight.  Few other books on the space program are able to take the highly technical jargon that was the first language of the controllers and turn it into an enjoyable read.<br />These dedicated people worked 'round the clock to make sure all was well with every aspect of every mission.  When a problem cropped up, they found the answers.<br />Eugene Kranz has done well to preserve history for us by taking the copious notes he kept and molding them into a great story.
0805209999|4.0|A man named Josef K. (often just referred to as K., short for Kafka perhaps?) is arrested for reasons never explained to him (or the reader, for that matter), but still allowed to live a normal (?) life. Not only is his crime never explained, but the authority by which the arrest took place is never given. The title of the book is ironic, because there never is an actual &quot;trial&quot;. He is told to report the following Sunday, but never given the specific time or place, and when he finds the location (a very unlikely location, in a huge, labyrinthine tenement) K. is informed that he is late, and nothing is resolved. During the course of the book, it seems like almost everyone he meets is connected with the court in some way (even the annoying young girls that bother him on his way to see the court painter), but even the influential people are unable to exert their influence in any meaningful way. The ending of the novel is somewhat shocking, but not really surprising.<br />Josef K. represents much of humankind in general. Most of us have that vague feeling that we have done something wrong but actually cannot pinpoint what it is. There is a general feeling of guilt from what theologians might call &quot;Original Sin&quot;. The trial to which K. is subjected takes place in his very soul. Franz Kafka was not a religious man, but he knew that universal feeling of guilt, and, in my amateur opinion, &quot;The Trial&quot; was Kafka's way of expounding on that guilt. Of course, that is only one level of meaning one could gain from this novel. The fact that the book works at so many levels is why many consider it a classic. It's not the best book ever written, but it is certainly not a waste of time, especially to those who take time to compehend Kafka's nightmarish vision.
0553106635|5.0|This book, as well as the ALL the others in this series (even the ones not yet written), is the most captivating fantasy literature  I have EVER read. Martin has Perfected the art of putting you in  the world he has created. He paints and engraves an extremely vivid picture of what he wants you to see and understand. His descriptions of people, places, and events are so acute that one has no choice but to see everything in their minds eye. The vision then stays put as you climb the walls in bated anticipation of his next masterpiece. His characters are intensely written and the events have the Perfect mixture of political imbroglio, intrigue, passion, lust, sin, violance, cunning, irony, pcychology, humor, paranormal, evil, honor, and high adventure. This stuff is most definitely not for the youthful. With Martin, any and all characters are fair game. No one escapes the grip of tragedy. The realism is superb, right down to the way they speak. The plots hit you with the boldness of a great axe yet inspire thought with the skillful delicacy of a sharp razor. If you haven't read George R.R. Martin yet, get ready to be ruined for life because, after this, nothing else will compare. Martin sets the standard for superior quality fantasy. JUST GET ALL THE BOOKS...
B000002513|5.0|The 'New York City Serenade' is beyond God and Evil, I don't have heard anything similar in popular music. Some european philosophers tell that without classical music Europe would be an error. Bruce Springsteen redeems America in the same sense.
0064407667|5.0|I love this book! I was looking for a gift for my eleven year old niece.  After reading the first page I was hooked.  I bought it and had to read the whole thing before giving it away as a present.  Now I can't wait for her to finish reading it, so I can buy the next one. The illustration on the cover and in the book are quite charming. The children are quite likable without sounding too cute, and I personally enjoy the way the author uses the book to help children learn the meaning of some words.  This is not a happy, cheerful story, but I think it's helpful for children to know not everything goes according to plan in this world. If anything I recommend reading it with your children and discuss the various topics (grief, greed, trust,etc) in the story.  Enjoy!!
B00003CXE7|1.0|This movie was boring and too long. I whatched it with high hopes because all of my friends told me that it was great, but when I whatched it, i couldn't stand it! Was it just me?! StayAway from this mess.
B000002N2P|5.0|All music written by Green Day. All lyrics written or co-written by Billie Joe Armstrong. If Nirvana burst the dam that kept punk rock at bay in the '80s, Green Day--with their third album, DOOKIE--were the first all-consuming flood to hit the charts. Brandishing old school Ramones and Clash riffs, the Berkeley, CA trio made out like bandits, selling nearly ten million albums, scaling mainstream magazine covers and hijacking rock-festival spotlights from established acts. But judging from the lyrical contents of INSOMNIAC, bringing punk to the malls hasn't been a very satisfying experience for singer/guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong. Throughout, he rails at the moribund state of youth culture and his place in it, as bassist Mike Dirnt and drummer Tre Cool speed up this anger to a frenetic pace. The disses fly every which way--at well-to-doers copping poses (&quot;Brat&quot;), at girlfriends who just don't understand (&quot;Stuart And The Ave.&quot;), towards the world at-large (&quot;Panic Song&quot;), and, most of all, at himself. As though aware that his band helped make a sacred lifestyle fashionable, Billie Joe demeans his existence in song after song--unable to even sleep in peace with himself. For the disenfranchised listener, these are the ABCs of self-hate rebellion. Judging from the catchiness of his songs, this predicament isn't likely to end soon. &quot;Geek Stink Breath,&quot; a heavy, mid-tempo rumble in the manner of the Sex Pistols' &quot;Sub-Mission&quot;; &quot;Panic Song,&quot; with its frenzied &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot;-like build-up, and the fired-up, pop fury of &quot;All Wound Up,&quot; all embody the very principals that make the punk lessons of 1977 so attractive today: simplicity, hooks, a lack of pretension, and a disdain for authority. On INSOMNIAC, Green Day puts those lessons to use yet again--their platinum nightmares are sure to follow.
B000002OX3|4.0|This is not the Who album to start with if you're looking to expand your collection beyond their most essential discs (&quot;Tommy&quot;, &quot;Who's Next&quot;, &quot;Quadrophenia&quot;), but you could do alot worse (&quot;Face Dances&quot;, &quot;It's Hard&quot;). A Quick One has it's share of filler, for sure (&quot;I Need You&quot;, &quot;See My Way&quot;) but there are also some diamonds in the rough, notably the contributions from Townshend (&quot;So Sad About Us&quot; and the mini-rock opera &quot;A Quick One While He's Away&quot;) and Entwistle (&quot;Whiskey Man&quot;, &quot;Boris The Spider&quot;, &quot;I've Been Away&quot;). The bonus tracks, comprised of several B-sides and three tracks from the &quot;Ready Steady Who&quot; E.P are on the whole pleasant but unremarkable. This was one of the last Who CD's I bought and I would recommend it for true Who enthusiasts only.
B000009QOC|5.0|Danzig's second release is also their most diversified. They explore their blues roots with a couple of boogies, a slow shuffle, and a slide number, throwing in a '50s-reminiscent ballad in waltz time for good measure. Glenn Danzig's theatrical vocals don't prevent these numbers from working surprisingly well (except when he attempts a Mississippi-delta accent on &quot;Killer Wolf&quot;), demonstrating his talents and range of expression as a vocalist. The simple, somewhat standard blues-metal riffs of their debut are here (&quot;Snakes of Christ&quot; is a flat-out rewrite of Danzig's &quot;Twist of Cain&quot;), but not as plentiful, making the record more interesting and listenable. &quot;Her Black Wings&quot; ranks with the band's best songs.
B000002HPV|5.0|I had never really been a fan of Bjork up until in 1997 when this album came out. It's not that I didn't like her, I just never really paid any attention to her. Then one day in the store, I saw Homogenic on the shelf, and I remembered hearing of all the good things about it. So, I finally gave in and bought it; I am so glad I did too.<br />     I know that a CD is really good if I can listen through the entire album without having to get up and change it to the next track. In Homogenic, every single track is great, whether it's the string-filled &quot;Joga&quot; or the screaming, pounding &quot;Pluto&quot;, all ten tracks are brilliant. My favorite tracks, although I like all of them, are &quot;5 Years&quot;, in which Bjork, accompanied by three organ chords and a drum machine, wails 'I'm so bored of cowards who say what they want, but they can't handle love'; &quot;Unravel&quot;, where Bjork solemnly tells her lover 'The devil collects it, our love in a ball of yarn... so when you come back, we'll have to make new love'; and &quot;All is Full of Love&quot;, a beautiful closing track featuring a distorted bass hiding in the background while strings and synths dominate the foreground, all the while Bjork screaming 'All is full of love!' It gives me shivers every time I listen to it.<br />     I strongly suggest that you give Homogenic a try, even if you're not a fan of Bjork. I wasn't, and now this album is in my top 20 CDs of all-time. Just give it a try; I think you'll find it very interesting.
B000003CKH|5.0|Within months of the release of Motorcade of Generosity, Cake released his second album, Fashion Nugget, a schizophrenic collection of lo-fi recordings from between 1990 and 1995. Much of the music on the album draws from the noisy, experimental post-punk of Stone Temple Pilots and the dirty, primitive junk rock of Mother Love Bone; his absurdist sense of humor surfaces only rarely, and only in the guise of such sophomoric cuts as ''I Will Survive'' and ''The Distance,'' while his sense of songcraft is inaudible. Essentially, the record was both a palate cleanser, one designed to scare away the ''Rock &amp; Roll Lifestyle'' fans, and a bid for indie credibility, since the music on Fashion is equally as uncompromising and as unlistenable as Stone Temple Pilots or their many imitators at their most extreme
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is a remarkable film.  It lavishly recreates the glory and decadence of the Roman Empire. Gladiator's central character is the Roman general Maximus (Russell Crowe).  The ailing Emperor, Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris), decides to pass his powers to Maximus, to the consternation of his son Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix).  Upon Aurelius' death Commodus becomes emperor.  This is the point in the story where Maximus' livelihood takes a turn for the worse.The action scenes in Gladiator are outstanding.  The performances were Oscar caliber.  Russell Crowe has the best screen presence of any actor I've seen.  His academy award was well deserved.  Joaquin Phoenix was riveting as the scheming Commodus.  Phoenix was one of the best screen villians I have seen in a long time.  It's a shame he did not win an Oscar as well.Many people complain that Gladiator is nothing more than well choreographed action sequences.  This could not be further from the truth.  I've seen this film five times and I get a little more out of it with each viewing.  Gladiator is a story of two men, Maximus and Commodus, vying for the love and respect of their fellow citizens.  I highly recommend this dvd.
B000000993|5.0|Tool: Danny Carey, Paul D'Amour, Maynard James, Adam Jones. Additional personnel: Henry Rollins (vocals). Recorded at Grand Master Studios, Hollywood, California. UNDERTOW is an example of nimble heavy metal in the angtsy/artsy tradition of Jane's Addiction. Tool favors medium tempos, which gives several of the group's songs a modern-day Black Sabbath feel, but fortunately lead singer Maynard James mostly steers clear of the usual quasi-operatic yowling favored by most metal frontmen--he's a remarkably expressive singer in a genre not usually so noted. As for the band's world-view, it's pretty much summed up in the unsentimentally named &quot;Prison Sex&quot;: &quot;Do unto others, what has been done to you.&quot;
B00004XONN|4.0|OK Computer changed my life.   Kid A could be considered far-fetched if it wasn't Radiohead.  For these guys, it's the natural progression.  <br />Well done.
B000000FG8|5.0|Recorded at Sound And Vision, San Francisco, California in January 1989 and Dangerous Rhythm, Oakland, California in September and November 1987. OPERATION IVY is the definitive collection from the ska-punksters who helped lay the groundwork for the commercial success of such '90s bands as Green Day and Sublime. What's most impressive about this 27-song collection is the range of musical styles into which the band ventures. &quot;Bankshot&quot; contains a jangly guitar melody that sounds like an homage to '50s surf. &quot;Junkie's Running Dry&quot; has a strangely winsome and anthemic feel-somewhat incongruous considering the gravity of its subject matter. The track also features one of the more mix-forward bass parts one is likely to find on record. Such tracks as &quot;Take Warning&quot; and &quot;Unity&quot; bear the earmarks of ska: smooth basslines, punchy horns, beefy vocals, and the toe-tapping rhythmic anchor of a jittery, clean-tone guitar. The terrific &quot;Bad Town&quot; sounds almost like a slacker rock melding of Pavement and the Steve Miller Band. &quot;Gonna Find You&quot; and &quot;Jaded&quot; are barnstorming rockers that could very well serve as theme songs for the impressive Operation Ivy.
0767849493|1.0|Ben Affleck and Matt Damon star respectively in DOGMA as Bartleby and Loki, two angels long ago banished forever from Heaven, and exiled by the Almighty to what we now know as Wisconsin. Apparently, Loki had grown disillusioned in his role as God's Angel of Death after a heart-to-heart talk with his buddy Bartleby, and had subsequently given the Ultimate Boss the Finger. Now, homesick after wandering the Dairy State for eons, they read of a loophole in New Jersey that will allow them to re-enter Paradise. Unfortunately, to do so would prove God fallible, and thus negate existence as we know it, i.e. destroy the universe. Obviously, this can't be allowed, so Heaven sends mere mortal Bethany, with a combined team of human and other-worldly misfits, off to the Garden State to stop them, thus preventing the cataclysm.<br />Using satire as an excuse, this film is a vicious assault on Catholicism, Catholic DOGMA, and the Catholic perception of God. However, I don't care about that. Even though I'm a lapsed Papist of long standing who has lost all interest in the affairs of the Holy Mother Church, this iconoclasm isn't what I object to. Indeed, had I seen this movie when I was eighteen, I probably would've awarded it five stars, not yet being old enough to appreciate a more subtle approach.<br />What makes this movie positively dreadful, when compared to other current releases of even marginal merit, is its complete boorishness and lack of taste. As an example, the stream of F words is unrelenting, presumably included by the scriptwriters for shock value. However, as F words have lost much of their ability to raise eyebrows, their repetitive use in DOGMA simply becomes boring, and an indication of the writers' lack of ability to do any better. (Get a clue, guys. This isn't the 1950's.)<br />Damon and Affleck are completely without charm, and the Loki character's desire to relive his old job (Angel of Death) results in a couple of scenes of totally gratuitous viciousness. Additionally, the superabundance of minor characters (two \\"prophets\\", the 13th apostle, Serendipity, a devil and his three minions) renders the plot incoherent at times. (It might be difficult enough as it is for anyone without a Catholic upbringing to understand the plot's more theologically esoteric elements.) Only Linda Fiorentino, as the mere mortal Bethany, and Alan Rickman, as the overworked and stressed-out Voice of God, are in any way appealing.<br />Since DOGMA is billed as a comedy, I must admit to laughing at least once. At the very beginning, the let's-get-hip Cardinal, played by George Carlin, unveils his replacement for the traditional Christ-on-the-cross symbol - a Buddy Jesus giving the A-OK sign. Now, that was funny.Additionally, the superabundance of minor characters (two \\"prophets\\", the 13th apostle, Serendipity, a devil and his three minions) renders the plot incoherent at times. (It might be difficult enough as it is for anyone without a Catholic upbringing to understand the plot's more theologically esoteric elements.) Only Linda Fiorentino, as the mere mortal Bethany, and Alan Rickman, as the overworked and stressed-out Voice of God, are in any way appealing.<br />Since DOGMA is billed as a comedy, I must admit to laughing at least once. At the very beginning, the let's-get-hip Cardinal, played by George Carlin, unveils his replacement for the traditional Christ-on-the-cross symbol - a Buddy Jesus giving the A-OK sign. Now, that was funny.
0062502182|5.0|when i was first given this book, i was skeptical of its contents.  a story about a shepherd?  but then, after reading it, i saw everything in a new light.  i have given this book to most of my friends, and never have i encountered someone who did not like it.  if this book does not touch you in some way or strike a deep chord within your soul, i don't know what will.  paulo coelho is not only a gifted storyteller, he has the rare ability to take the stirrings of our souls and place them into phrases and sentences that eerily make too much sense.  please buy this book, you won't regret it!
B00003CWTI|3.0|PT Anderson is a great filmmaker, and he seems destined for household status one day. In this three hour opus, detailing the lives of nine different characters in a two day span, Anderson pulls out tales of hardship, betrayal, and love. Yes, those three are many of the themes intertwined in this film. The performances are solid, and as all the critics raved, Tom Cruise is excellent as a misogynistic sex guru with a checkered past. Anderson's script combined with the actors, manage to provide real depth to these damaged people including late great Jason Robards as a dying TV producer with one last sin to atone for, and John C. Reilly as a decent cop. Now, in terms of the not phenomenal part... There's a more than lengthy marketing campaign that they put on and they put in an easter egg, however, they don't even bother to show the deleted scenes, which is a surprise considering the length of the movie. The appearance of a commentary is non-existent. What's cool on the DVD is a video diary with Anderson and the making of the film, as well as a music video by Aimee Mann, but if you're purchasing this DVD expecting tons of bonus features, buy something else.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I can't believe I hadn't bought this CD earlier.  &quot;Here With Me&quot; is a great song and so is &quot;Thank you.&quot;  My favorite song from this album, however, is &quot;Hunter.&quot;  I just love the sound of it!  And of course, like many other reviewers, I agree that &quot;All you want&quot; is a very, very fantastic song.  &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; is a another great song, I especially love the chorus.  Dido really reminds me of the Cranberries and Natalie Imbruglia in some ways.  There's a lot of emotion in the lyrics and the music itself.  I really recommend this CD, it's one of those you won't be disappointed about, even if you've only heard &quot;Thank you&quot; and &quot;Here With Me.&quot;  Dido deserves a Grammy for best new artist!
0792844882|2.0|Here is a quick plot description for NEARLY EVERY scene in this movie: Nomi (Berkley) enters the scene. Nomi confronts a co-star. Nomi gets upset. Nomi storms out of the scene. CUT! PRINT!<br />Don't get me wrong. Berkley is exceedingly attractive, and she is nude for a major portion of this film. I like to look at comely naked women as much as any man. But the painful acting and worse script made it a very difficult movie to sit all the way through.<br />My advice for those considering the purchase of this DVD; Keep the remote in hand, and utilize both the MUTE and fast-forward button often.
B000002GQK|3.0|EGBDF was released Aug.71 and was in pretty good company in the charts (ex.&quot;Who's Next&quot;). It raced up the charts at that time dominated by Carole King's &quot;Tapestry&quot;. EGBDF features the last great Moody Blues single- &quot;Story in Your Eyes&quot;. This song is at first strangley innocuous, however repeated listenings reveal just how special this song is. First, it features fuzz guitar, that by 1971 was considered passe', but was resurrected by Hayward to great effect. The background vocals, a Moodys trademark, are effective in a pretty spooky arrangement. There is a pretty nifty piano throughout the song, which breaks out in a neat solo riff. Also-someday somebody is going to figure out what Hayward is saying during the fade. This song remained in the &quot;can&quot; for awhile as it was recorded in late 1970 before appearing as a single in Aug. 71. But for me, the rest of the lp, with a couple of exceptions, retread ideas from previous lps. &quot;Procession&quot; echoes &quot;House of 4 Doors&quot; and &quot;My Song&quot; is a rewrite of the &quot;Have You Heard&quot; suite. There are two childrens songs (&quot;Emily&quot; and &quot;Nice to Be Here&quot;)on this lp, indicating the underlying theme of the lp- loss of innocence when growing up (or as in Procession, of mankind evolving , acquiring knowledge (the old man on the cover), but with knowledge comes the power of destroying the earth (&quot;One More Time to Live.&quot;) &quot;One More Time to Live&quot; along with &quot;Story&quot; is another highlight on this CD, having a nice flute accompaniment in the intro and verses. Another good number is Edge's &quot;After You Came&quot; and Thomas's &quot;A Guessing Game&quot;. &quot;Came&quot; features all four vocalists in rotation and a &quot;hoe-down&quot; guitar solo at the end, and &quot;Game&quot; is another contemplative of life by Thomas a'la &quot;Dear Diary&quot;, and features a strong chorus and middle eight. A very good record, but sameness and familiarity makes this the &quot;weakest&quot; of the strong core 7 lps of the group.
B000059R8Y|4.0|While I agree that this is not his best CD, a true E.C. fan will love it anyway.  Everyone mellows with age. My fav track is Son and Sylvia. I could listen to this man play the guitar all day long..............
B000002GQJ|4.0|After their previous and best record, &quot;Children's&quot; the Moody Blues, between touring, put together this lp, highlighted by one of their best singles, &quot;Question.&quot; However it is a bit jarring to hear the lp version kickoff the lp- those familiar with the single will hear the lp version of &quot;Question&quot; start off with the ending mellotron crescendos-the entire extended guitar intro is shed. This was probably a gesture by producer and group to give the audience a bit of a surprise and something different. The remainder of side one is a bit of a letdown to fans of the group, especially after &quot;Childrens.&quot; &quot;How is It We Are Here&quot;, &quot;Don't You Feel Small&quot; and &quot;Tortoise and Hare&quot; are pretty average songs in the Moody Blues catalog, though each has its highlights-example the guitar solo in &quot;How is it&quot; and the Latin American flute sound on &quot;Small&quot;. But &quot;The Tide Rushes In&quot; is one of Ray Thomas's best songs and is given a very nice arrangement by the rest of the Moodies. The re-mix on the &quot;This Is&quot; anthology accents the acoustic guitars much more than the lp version. Also note the &quot;Lay Lady Lay&quot; steel guitar effect from Pinder's mellotron.  Side 2 is much, much better. &quot;Its Up To You&quot; is one of the Moody Blues best songs featuring a superb bass line by Lodge. &quot;Dawning is the Day&quot;, another Hayward composition is another highlight and features what sounds like a mandolin, but may be a studio tricked guitar. &quot;Melancholy Man&quot; is situated as the near closer as it is a pretty powerful number. This was always a concert highlight for the Moodys in in their early 70's tours. In concert, Ray Thomas played a flute line in the intro, and Pinder would close the song with his version of an early 60's James Brown acapella shout. Both Pinder songs on this lp feature moog also. All in all, a very good lp. How could you possibly follow up &quot;Childrens?&quot;
0812589041|5.0|This book was an excellent read.  It tells the tale of Andrew Wiggin and his remarkable ability as a tactical genius.  Troubled with his own situation of always being the smallest and most picked on child, Andrew succeeds in all his ventures, whether it kills someone or not.  The book strikes one as being poorly written and while it's obviously not the best written book, it's the story that speaks volumes.  I definitely recommend this book and its subsequent sequels.
B0000047EC|5.0|First of all this is not a jazz album, but if you like quiet relaxing music Beyond The Missouri Sky is good way to get a glimpse of the musical universe of Pat Metheny. You never know what you're going get from Pat Metheny when he either releases an album or joins a project. Either you love it or you hate it and there really isn't anything in between according to my oppion. This one I really love. This recording is a result of many years of friendship. The excellent bass sound of Charlie Haden and the guitarsound of Pat Metheny fills the room with harmony. Just sit back relax, enjoy, and go Beyond the Missoury Sky.
6305428220|4.0|People have labeled this 'un-original'...well, for the most part, Of Course!...This movie is nothing but an homage to older classics such as 'Invasion of the Body Snatchers' (Some charecters in the story even admit to their situation being from that particular movie) and the 'Testing' scene is a obvious homage to John Carpenters The Thing.<br />This movie takes an old but well loved theme and formula and brings it into modern day High school hallways.  It successfully brings back the theme of 'who can you trust?'...something that will *always* be with us.<br />Of course this movie also leans on that age old joke &quot;I think my teacher is an alien&quot;.  Yes, this is a ridiculous thought but it's all meant to be taken lightly.  It's just a movie people, let's all lighten up.  I bet none of us ever expected a movie to incorporate this old joke in a smart way, huh?<br />Enjoyable story + enjoyable themes + enjoyable charecters = enjoyable film........I just hope a special edition dvd with all the many missing scenes will make an appearence soon.
B00003CXE7|1.0|This movie was okay, and maybe i should have given it at least a three, but what I am trying to stress is that this movie, while good, was totally filled with holes in its story that it wasn't even funny.  And Russel Crowe' performance was [bad]!  The only good scene was when he was crying, with how he acted the rest of the movie, they probably had to zap him with a cattle prod for him to do it.  The Academy made one of their worst mistakes this year.  They gave Gladiator an oscar for Best picture, and it should have been given to Traffic.  And Russell Crowe won the award for Best Actor instead of Ed Harris for Pollock! ( the Academy was probably making up for when they didn't give Crowe an Oscar for &quot;The Insider&quot;)  Ed Harris was excellent in Pollock, the story of Jackson Pollock a painter who was really crazy, and had a pretty bad life.  Traffic was so much better than Gladiator, it makes you wonder how the Academy sleeps at night.  Traffic is about the war on drugs.  I would tell you more about Traffic, but I want the film to intrigue you from beginning to end as it did me.  While I am outraged at the Academy for their mistakes I realize that Academy Awards mean nothing, and it is really if you like the movie or not.  So go see Pollock, The Insider, or Traffic.  They are excellent movies.  Don't waste your money on this garbage.
0792156684|3.0|This film is an equally divided story between the Titanic and the Romance between the main charecters.  I'm sick of hearing people say this movie was 'original'...The Titanic was real and sunk(obviously) and the love story has been SO overdone that it hurts me!  There are only 6 ways to tell a love story and the formula here is one of the most popular and overdone.  If you ever saw 'Tarzan', heck, or even 'George of the Jungle' then you seen the love story in Titanic.  Girl from right side of tracks in discontent, meets boy from wrong side of tracks, girl's rich, storng and handsome boyfriend gets jealous, boy does 'fish outta water' when he....yada yada yada...blah blah blah.  Predictable.<br />Another thing i don't understand was Leo's charecter.  Why do people love him so much? is it only cause Leo was playing it?...The charecter had NO faults whatsoever...I'm sorry, but even the best 'good guys' in the best stories have faults.  thats what make them so good and believable.  Leo's charecters was obviously *just* a charecter.  there was no sense of realism about him.<br />Just because this is the all time best money making movie doesn't mean much.  The *only* reason this is number 1 box office money maker is cuz most of the female audience went and saw it again, and again and again...I bet we all know someone, or at least know someone who knows someone who has seen this in the theatre anywhere from 5-15 times.  I know of three girls.  And yes, one of them saw it in the theatre 15 times.  I swear there must be something subliminal here that called them all back.......isn't that illegal now?<br />The real good thing about this movie is the story of the Titanic itself.  Now we all know it sinks, but the story is *how* it gets there.  This film does a good job of making you feel you are a passenger of Titanic and are really there when the stuff hits the fan(or the ice berg) You may even weep for all the ill fated people.  I did...that shot of the old couple spooning and as sure as tears are rushing down their cheeks, the cold ocean water is rushin under their bed....that shot gets me every time.<br />The authenticity of the sets to what the Real Titanic was and had was remarkable.  Definately a A+ for effort for Cameron there.<br />Overall, yes, this is a good movie, don't be scared away from the predictable love story...to me, this movie is truly about Titanic...of course it is, even the title says so :-)
B00001OH7O|5.0|In which Bowie disregards his tendency to launch himself in a completely different direction evcery record he makes and, for once, allows himself to settle down and consoldiate what he's been up to for the last two or three records.<br />So there's a bit of the frizzy Dylan (a la Space Oddity), a slice of wavery-voiced Bolan (circa The Man Who Sold The World), a sprinkling of gritty Lou Reed (from Transformer, which Bowie produced), and the subtlest hint of what was to come from Bowie himself next time round, i.e., Ziggy Stardust.<br />Take aforesaid ingredients, and wrap them up in a warm, cosy production brimming with acoustic guitars, small string sections and pianos, and you have a timeless record. The nearest equivalent is probably 2000's &quot;Hours&quot;.<br />Hunky Dory is not all easy listening, though: while there's a distinct pipe and slippers feel to the opening half, nonetheless Bowie gives himself a fair old going over, and at times the imagery, taking in as it does such rum topics as family madness, heroin use, casual homosexual encounters and a dash of continental nihilism, isn't for the faint of heart.<br />But it adds to an engrossing experience that is easy enough on the ear to be a good starting point for a deeper investigation of David Robert Jones than you might find on a greatest hits package. Thoroughly recommended.
B00003CXN4|5.0|why? cause is a masterpiece,this movie won 4 academy awards of 5 nominations.traffic also deserved the best picture oscar why? because:best director + best editing + best screenplay + best secondary actor = a best picture. i don't know how gladiator won the best picture and don't get me wrong i think that gladiator is a very very good movie but is not oustanding like traffic. (warning this movie is for people that likes movies with something that is missing nowdays........a plot)
B000001E7V|5.0|this album changed my life.<br />ok, that's a little dramatic, but it really is a fantastic album, and unfortunatly the only one of his, in my opinion, worth owning.  perhaps it was the sheer brilliance of maxinquaye that makes the others pale in comparison,but i find that on his later albums tricky seems to be heading into some over the top ego trip.<br />and why oh why did he drop the beautifully voiced topley-bird? dumb.<br />anyhow, this album  will slide smoothly into your collection alongside portishead, and the first lamb and hooverphonic albums. (and if you don't have any of those, may i reccommend them as well as say you don't need them to enjoy this one)<br />it is genius!
0804115613|5.0|Fried Green Tomatoes is a GREAT book.  As corny as it sounds, this really is the kind of book that will make you laugh out loud just as much as cry.  (It's a good thing I was reading it alone, or everyone around would've thought I was crazy!)  All the citizens of Whistle Stop, plus Evelyn, become so real that it's more like having a conversation with some of your best friends than like reading a book.  I saw the movie a couple years ago and loved it, but the book is 10 times better.
B00004NHCC|5.0|I have 44 Sarah Vaughan CDs, but if someone told me I could only keep one for the rest of my life, this would have to be the one.  It never fails to pull the heartstrings even with nightly listening, and it's the most requested CD in my bar by customers of all ages.   I've given this CD as a present more than any other jazz CD except Helen Merrill's original 1954 release (if you love that, you'll love Sarah and Clifford).
B00000JY1X|4.0|To begin, this project (as it can best be called) is fantastic and unlike anything else I have ever enjoyed listening to.  The songs are humorous, truthful and insightful, often all at once. The music, though extremely varied in its style, is consistantly interesting and, for lack of a better word, good.  Stand warned, though, Stephin Merritt (the mastermind behind 69 Love Songs) takes an approach to music that some, including most of the people who's taste in music I most often agree with, find irritating and more like noise made by instruments than songs.  The music is off-center, and intentionally songs are repetitive, sarcastic, unpredictable, hard to follow, and a number of other adjectives that are rarely used to describe good music.  But, despite its oddities, 69 love songs is absolutely amazing.  <br />My advice: buy each of the three albums separately, and learn to love each on its own before consitering the 3 CD set as one project, otherwise it becomes too much music for one person to take in at one time.
0688170528|3.0|The other reviewers before me have also noticed that although &quot;The Pact&quot; is subtitled &quot;A Love Story,&quot; most of the novel is spent exploring the tragedy spawned by that alluded-to love story, and love in its many manifestations and mutations.  Picoult has done an excellent job in multi-faceting her novel with romance, family tragedy, and oh -- even a courtroom drama. Without allowing the Grishams of our age to cheapen my notion of a courtroom drama, the murder/suicide mystery is certainly suspenseful -- I finished the book in five days and couldn't resist being lured towards its resolution. However, that's a telling sign, too, that the book is light and contrite at times, so that it is in the danger of being classified as an Oprah book of the month. You can tell Picoult's attempt is to surface her characters' emotions and to heighten simple human frailty to Sophoclean standards. And while I am a big champion of letting the human emotion supercede physicality, I must admit that Picoult was unconvincing in her attempt. Perhaps I have been spoiled by the likes of Steinbeck and Hardy, but the irony of human emotion is that it's subtlety which enables it to overshadow its body encasement, not vice versa.  Regardless, perhaps this book does not deserve such harsh reactions, for it did serve its purpose well. It begins most effectively -- opening declaring to readers that if they're seeking to lose reality in picture-perfect characters, they've come to the wrong novel. The jarring jumpstart gets the book off and running, and without it, everything would have seemed too comfortable to turn the pages.
B000003TA4|5.0|when i first heard of beanbbag,i thought they would be just little stupid local yokals thrying to get paid foh their vocals.but then with the tragic death of john lennon,this band pulled together and got a new singer named oj simpson.when he ran into trouble with the law durin the great depression,they dropped him and hired bill clinton.with the help of recording superstar al gore and jesse jackson,they came out with this album,nevermind.thank you for cummin out with this beautifulk piece of artwork
B000056VJ7|5.0|I bought the album in 1977 and still listen to it.  It is a classic.  I never tire of this cd.  Buy it now!  It has definitely withstood the test of time.  Rock on Meat!
B000056VIY|5.0|\\"JLo\\", is a well-produced work, and it is hard for me to choose my favorite songs.  But I will try!  \\"Play\\" is my favorite song, less the line \\"..play my MF song!\\"  (It doesn't do well at family parties..;-) \\"Love Don't Cost A Thing\\", \\"Talk to Me\\", \\"That's the Way\\" and \\"I'm Gonna be Alright are good ones.  The only disappointment is the way \\"Ain't It Funny\\" starts out with a great pasa doble sound and morphs into something else -- but still it's good!  All in all, it's a great mix of different styles brought together.
B00004U8P9|5.0|THE ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW has to be one of my all-time favorite movie musicals --- as a matter of fact, it's my only favorite movie musical. The story follows Brad and Janet, a newlywed couple who's car breaks down in the middle of nowhere, so they walk to a castle up the road to ask for help. When they knock on the door, they meet the butler Riff Raff, and when they are invited inside they meet the mad transvestite scientist Dr. Frank-N-Furter and the rest of the gang from the planet of Transexual that happens to be located in the galaxy of Transylvania. The film is a wild and wacky combination of rock n' roll movies, science-fiction movies, horror movies, sex movies, and comedy movies! Some personal favorite songs of mine from the movie are &quot;Science Fiction - Double Feature,&quot; &quot;Dammit Janet,&quot; &quot;Time Warp,&quot; &quot;Sweet Transvestite,&quot; and many, many more!
B000001DTM|5.0|This album is stunning. It begins with the driving &quot;Zoo Station&quot;, which grips you and sucks you in to the band's lush, heavily processed sound. The aural onslaught doesn't end until the final seconds of &quot;Love is Blindness&quot;, when the album spits you out, and unfortunately, you're back to reality. Remarkable.
0790736586|4.0|Pale Rider is Clint EASTWOOD ON HIS WAY TO UNFORGIVE,GETTING OUT SOME wESTERN CLICHES ON THE WAY TO A MASTERPIECE. tHE STORY IS ONE PART SHANE, ON PART SPAGHETTI WESTERN,AND THOROUGHLY ENJOYABLE. HE PLAYS A MAN WITH NO NAME[CALLED PREACHER]WHO AMBELS INTO A MINING COMMUNITY DURING A RANGE WAR.MICHAEL MORIARITY PLAYS THE 'LEADER' OF THE PROSPECTERS,WITH CARRIE SNODGRASS AS HIS WIFE AND A YOUNG SYDNEY PENNY AS THE COMING OF AGE STEP DAUGHTER.THE ENSUING CARNAGE IS TYPICAL WESTERN, SOMEHOW EASTWOOD DOES IT WITH SUCH EASE YOU ENJOY IT THOUGH YOU HAVE SEEN IT ALL BEFORE.THE AVENGING ANGEL MOTIF WORKS IF YOU WATCH THE CREDITS ALL THE WAY TO THE END,BY THE WAY.A GOOD WORKABLE WESTERN,GOOD NOT GREAT EASTWOOD,THOUGH VERY ENJOYABLE.
6304140428|1.0|I thought this was one of the worst movies I had ever had the misfortune to waste money on.  It was very boring and all they did is argue throughout the whole part that I watched.  I left in the middle of it.  It amazes me that it could have won any awards.  I can't believe Elizabeth Taylor would play in such a movie.  Whoever gave it high acclaim has no taste.  I have never watched it in its entirety and I never will.  I don't enjoy watching 2 drunks fight, how can anyone else.  It had no story line worth listening to.
0316548189|4.0|Long Walk to Freedom by Nelson Mandela is in no way an adventurous book, but it is one of the most inspirational and motivating books ever.  Since the book's release in February of 1990, Nelson Mandela has been referred to as the most significant moral leader since Gandhi.  Long Walk to Freedom describes Mandela's incredible life.  Nelson's childhood was a tribal one, as he grew up a foster son to a Thembu chief.  Mandela was interested in law, but his growing political life moved him to become more actively engaged in the formation of the ANC Youth League.  In 1964 Nelson was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment on the charges of sabotage, treason, and violent conspiracy against the South African regime.  Mandela for the next 27 years was imprisoned at Robben Island.  After getting out of prison, Mandela was years behind the rest of the world, but that didn't stop him from being the savior of his people.  Many of the concepts and terms in this book were hard to understand.  After going over them a few times though, things started to make sense to me and all of his thoughts and experiences became one big lesson.  Mandela had many stories about his imprisonment that could have been left out, but how he was imprisoned doing mindless things and at the same time starting one of the greatest activist groups ever was just amazing.  Mandela never did really lose sight of his ultimate goal.  It wasn't till I picked up Nelson Mandela's book that I really found out what went on, and what he went though to free his people.  Long Walk to Freedom is a really long walk indeed, but I recommend this book to anyone because it is a walk that everyone should take.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney's latest is by no means a classic...but, it's awfully fun. Obviously, this girl isn't about to topple Celine Dion or Diana Ross from their divahood, but if you want some upbeat music, here is the album to buy.  Ooops...is OK, but the remix is better...Stronger is fantastic, and What U See (is What U Get) is also great.  When it comes to ballads, Britney is mediocre at best. But for cool uptempo music, this girl beats Aguilera hands down.  What amazed me about this album was the way her voice actually came across as attractive.  I mean when her first album came out, the big joke was &quot;hey, where's Britney&quot;....they burried her voice, and in this album they do the same with some songs...but with others, she kind of shines through as a talented singer.  So, if you're looking for a drop dead voice try Charlotte Church...if you're looking for some cool music that's exciting, try Brit.
0780622650|3.0|Somehow, great cast + big budget special FX + large fan base DID NOT EQUAL movie blockbuster.  A shame, really.  LOST IN SPACE could've been the first in a long line of sequels.  With luck they could've gotten subsequently better like the STAR TREK motion pictures did.  Unfortunately this will probably not happen.<br />LOST IN SPACE cost a lot to make.  It should've filled you with a sense of wonder with it's sci-fi storyline about the first space family on a quest to save the earth.  But there really isn't much to draw you in besides the visuals.  The cheesiest of the 1960s episodes displayed more creative storylines.  (I was disappointed that LOST IN SPACE the movie didn't include a big giant orange carrot man!  Kidding.)  We've seen all this before only much better.  With some careful editing I think LOST IN SPACE could be improved.  It's a shame they stuck all the cameos of the original cast at the beginning.  That's the worst part of the movie...I'd edit most out.  The 1990s disfunctional family idea sucks.  You don't really care what happens to any of 'em.<br />As for the DVD, you get many interesting extras.  Check out the list on this web site.  The reason I gave the whole thing 3 stars was that the picture and sound just don't rate the perfect score given here.  I noticed lots of graininess.  Just check out the wall in the Robinson's home.  The sounds are very weak.  Explosions remind me of a big ball of oatmeal exploding.  All the voice dialog sounds like it was recorded in a studio with the same echo no matter where the character is currently speaking.  This kind of stuff is more noticeable with DVD.<br />As for the rest...what was the deal with the animated monkey-thing?  Well, I've said enough.  Don't expect much and you may enjoy most of it.  Oh!  The robot is quite good!  Same guy doing the voice too.  Shame they couldn't get Jonathan Harris (the original Dr. Smith) to do a cameo.  &quot;Oh, the pain...the pain...&quot;
0783235607|5.0|Hitchcock had originated so many conventions of suspense movies by the time Psycho was made, it would have been hard for anyone other than the Master himself to wonder where he could go from there.  Psycho, from start to finish, is a perfect movie, whatever genre you want to keep it in, suspense, horror, black comedy, psychological thriller, love story...  It's the movie that keeps people obsessed. (Witness Gus Van Sant's frame-by-frame remake a few years ago, a lousy, self-indulgent exercise.)  I think it's about the terror of people's faces.  Hitchcock was always good at the knowing, sinister glance, the tense, anticipatory eyes, etc.  But Psycho turns the face into a haunted menace, and not just Norman's; the scene, for example, of Janet Leigh driving in the rain, imagining the conversations surrounding her theft, her eyes getting wider and spookier... it always makes the hair rise on my neck. Every suspicious face is a memento mori, a theme driven home in the end with Norman looking up as his face melds into his mother's cadaverous skull for a subliminal instant.
B000003TA4|5.0|that line's classic, in utero is a classic, this cd is, and so is alternative. oh i could go on about how kurt was a genious, or about how courtney didn't kill him, or i could just profess my undying love for this band. i personally loved in utero better because its the bands natural style, but this is very close. everything they did is great because this band was just brilliant. brilliant, not just kurt the entire band. kurt and company came so close to changing rock forever, and if hed of stayed alive longer alternative would of lasted longer. when he died so did the whole friggin music indusry. enough w/ my preachin, i just wanna say its one of the best albums of the 90s, and that it brought alternative [grunge  indie  ;me;]mainstream, and also that theres nothing wrong w/ nevermind. [i think thats a great name for an album] every song on the album is great, its one of those albums u can just listen too all the way through. my personal fave is come as u are, #2 is smells like teen spirit. they're were reveloutionary, not just them but the whole indie scene. its a little polished for my taste. if u dont own a nervana album.. go get one. im tired of preachin and i know the album will make u preach too. this cd would be a great album to get if u like rock at all. but especially if you like the indie scene. bye
B000002BFL|5.0|In a true testimony to Bruce Springsteen greatness his latest studio album in a 25 year career is one of his best. In the same vain as Nebraska, i.e Bruce and his guitar only, &quot;Ghost&quot; is bordering on a concept album. Set in the world of illegal immigrants, ex-cons, border patrolmen and travellers of the great American railroads, Bruce creates some of the most haunting and beautiful songs of his career. &quot;The Ghost of Tom Joad&quot; opens the album with the tragically illustrated life of Americas poor and then melds into a statement of John Steinbecks and woody Guthries role in the plight of the working class. &quot;Straight Time&quot; is one of Bruce's best songs as the almost silent guitar relaxes the listener into a false sense of hope while the lyrics and his voice ache with the difficulties of &quot;doing straight time&quot;. The album moves on to explore the story of two doomed brothers from Mexico in &quot;Sinaloa Cowboys&quot; to the cynically optimistic &quot;My best was never good enough&quot;. Finally what makes &quot;Ghost&quot; an essential buy is the track &quot;Youngstown&quot;. With this Bruce explores the history of a single town from Civil War to Vietnam and the cycle of factory work that grips a family, &quot;youngstown&quot; is arguably Bruce's best track and confirms his place as one of the great lyricists of all time, &quot;these smoke stacks reachin' like the arms of God into a beautiful sky of soot and clay&quot;, &quot;once I made you rich enough rich enough to forget my name&quot;.
6304711905|5.0|It's ironic to be born in Arizona's oldest town, and arguably the capitol of Western movies and lore; Tucson, yet grow up here and  completely ignore most things Western! That includes movies, books, museums, and TV shows during the heyday years of the late 50's through the 70's. However, I did enjoy visits as a child to Old Tucson, the world famous movie location where many scenes of Tombstone were filmed.  Most notably were the opening shots at the Santa Maria Mission and the train arrival of Wyatt Earp and co.  Old Tucson was my first acquaintance with the movie making process, but Batman and Lost In Space were my childhood fantasies, not John Wayne and John Ford.       But all that changed when Tombstone was released as a modern western starring Kurt Russell, the former Disney child star during my youth, and Val Kilmer a rising talent from (The Doors) and others. I think it was the look and feel of the film that attracked me. The costumes and sets looked great!  The cinematography combined with modern editing techniques and musical score combined to create a modern Western/Fantasy of great scope.  The dialog was created with each character in mind to produce a movie consisting of simple and witty one liners. Doc himself (Kilmer) reaping most of those rewards!  Wyatt, (Russell) unfortunately was left holding the bag of cheese for several lines and action.  Although director George Cosmatos did a fine job, I think he used a few Rambo techniques that were laughable at best!    The supporting cast was well defined, each their own person. Unlike so many Westerns I've suffered,  Tombstone's characters were very human and rightly entertaining. The screenplay did ramble on slighty after the O.K. Corral fight, and it did stray left of the facts, but being a Hollywood production, those liberties are expected.  But they didn't whitewash many key moments such as the use of opium by several main characters and  homosexuality and profanity.  Like I said, a modern Western.Tombstone it seems was made with the DVD in mind.  Big look, big sound, big Western.  Get it.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Some of the populat songs played on the radio are very prominant in this cd.  Santana makes me want to shake my booty.  This CD is really great for a workout session.  Try to imagine yourself as a person competing in a dance competition.  Now shake it until it hurts, and let Santana'sfingers suduce you.
0783235607|5.0|I guess to most people their idea of horror is blood spurting everywhere, necrophilia, Stephen King (who isn't even that scary), zombies with their heads cut off, cannibalism, etc. Let me say this, don't expect too much HORROR out of psycho, because it is first and foremost a PSYCHOlogical thriller. Don't believe me? Then please tell me why there's a PSYCHOlogist in the movie. I STRONGLY disagree with the people who gave this movie one star. Those are the people who think that horror is all that I mentioned in the first sentence. I saw this movie a second time and I'm still amazed at what an impact it had on me. WHY CAN'T MORE MOVIES BE LIKE THIS? THIS is the way movies should be made: tightly woven (Robert Bloch, who followed in the footsteps of H.P. Lovecraft, wrote the book that this movie is based on.), BRILLIANT, witty dialogue, EXCELLENT music. Repetitive, yes, but it DOES set the mood. There was only one part where I jumped a bit in fright, but that was all. The shower scene is not that scary, in my opinion, BUT IT IS WELL DIRECTED. Any stupid modern-day director would be too busy trying to figure out how to get the victim's breasts into the picture while showing the stabbing scene. There is even a sex scene at the beginning, but it is not in any way graphic. A TRUE director doesn't need graphic sex scenes to pull his movie through. I'm 20 years old, born in the days when color tv was the norm, but I still find this film MOST enjoyable. Let me repeat one thing: It is not SCARY (really) or even HORRIFIC. If you want that, go rent the Exorcist or something else with lots of blood. But this movie is EXCELLENT, and shows how good a director Hitchcock really was and IS.
B00003CWTH|2.0|After seeing the brilliantly entertaining 'Boogie Nights', what a dissapointing film. Yes it's spectacular, and yes good acting (Cruise a standout), but the film goes nowhere. Characters (who we don't necessarily care about) appear, get hysterical then dissolve into an apparently 'inspired' finale. Don't waste your time.
B000056K04|5.0|This is the best stuff DMB has done so far! With the addition of the electric guitar and their new producer, the music has a polish to it that keeps you singing the tunes for days after you've turned off the CD. I'm extremely pleased and impressed with this new album from a band I just didn't think could get any better!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman has a beautiful voice and can really hit those high notes...This is one of my all-time favorite CDs in my collection,simply because this music is wonderfully breathtaking and depressing at the same time. &quot;Eden&quot; is stunning, &quot;Deliver Me&quot; is depressing and beautiful, &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot; is unique, &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot; is definitely different, &quot;Only an Ocean Away&quot; is wonderful. The whole CD is lovely in its own way,and I would recommend it to people who like Opera songs.
0312955006|5.0|This is my first Connelly book and it is a tremendous story!  I found myself completely engrossed in Harry Bosch and the complex plot.  Connelly deftly balances courtroom intrigue and police procedurals, not relying on a lot of crimes being committed during the course of this novel.  He refers instead to a previous crime which he thought was over, but has now resurfaced as the victim's widow has filed suit against him.  A really good writer, Connelly entangles us in several breathtaking courtroom confrontations and &quot;dirty&quot; cop scenarios.<br />Bosch is a great character, his relationship with Sylvia is very believable and you want it to work out.  Add Money Chandler, the vicious defense attorney, who is one of the best &quot;hero/villains&quot; I've read in a long time.  <br />All the characters are well-fleshed and even though I thought I had the mystery figured out, Connelly pulls a very credible surprise on us!<br />I can't wait to get the other Bosch books now.  A great series!
0553573403|4.0|I should note that I'm rounding up to a four star review.  This book was much closer to 3 1/2 stars.  Why?  Well, I read this book after hearing fantasy readers and critics sing its praises. It was a well written book with a fairly compelling plot, but it never quite lived up to my expectations.<br />A Game of Thrones is an epic fake history.  It takes place in a world where the feudal system is still strong and the seasons can last for decades.  Its plot centres around a noble family called the Starks, who are forced to leave their home in the North when the patriarch of the family is called to serve the King in the capital city.  Like the first half Frank Herbert's Dune, much of this book focuses on the secret world alliances, political innuendo and corruption that the nobility busies itself with.  Also like Dune, we know from very early on that certain characters aren't going to survive.<br />Here are my main problems with A Game of Thrones.<br />1).  It isn't really a fantasy.  You have Knights in shining armour, big wolves, vampires, rumours of giants, dragons, evil people in power, honourable people done in by their trust, all within the context of a feudal society.  All of this is fairly conventional stuff for the genre.  Even the idea of &quot;The Wall&quot; seems to be derived from Hadrian's Wall in England.  Even the idea of evil coming from the North is conventional in folktales.<br />Essentially Martin took preexisting ideas that were common in the genre and shuffled them around to make a new story.<br />2).  Martin made his evil much too real.  Usually this wouldn't be a criticsm, but having to read blow by blow accounts of incest is too much.<br />3).  It just took too long.  Epics derive much of there joy from there enormous palette of characters, stacks of subplots, and mountains of hints and red herrings, but if you're going to do all that, you have to change the setting around.  Too much minutiae of court intrigue.<br />Here's what I liked about a Game of Thrones.<br />1).  It's well written.  I mean both its lyrical prose style and its structure.  Each chapter is basically a short story, a technique that makes each chapter interesting and exciting in its own right, while never diminishing the main narrative.  Martin names each of his chapters after the character whose point of view the story is told from.  This keeps things simple, but also builds suspense and anticipation (Sometimes just seeing the name of the chapter had me hooting and hollering).<br />2).  It's funny.  There are some great lines in this story, especially from one character in particular: Tyrion Lannister.  Tyrion is a dwarf (but not in the way you might think)who makes wry comments about life from his unique perspective.<br />3).  It keeps you guessing.  Just when you think you have it all figured Martin shows you some new layer of the story and you have to reformulate everything from the beginning again.bout a Game of Thrones.<br />1).  It's well written.  I mean both its lyrical prose style and its structure.  Each chapter is basically a short story, a technique that makes each chapter interesting and exciting in its own right, while never diminishing the main narrative.  Martin names each of his chapters after the character whose point of view the story is told from.  This keeps things simple, but also builds suspense and anticipation (Sometimes just seeing the name of the chapter had me hooting and hollering).<br />2).  It's funny.  There are some great lines in this story, especially from one character in particular: Tyrion Lannister.  Tyrion is a dwarf (but not in the way you might think)who makes wry comments about life from his unique perspective.  <br />3).  It keeps you guessing.  Just when you think you have it all figured Martin shows you some new layer of the story and you have to reformulate everything from the beginning again.
0684853523|5.0|This is not so much a how-to-write book as it is a--as the title of the book states--memoir of the craft. The book is divided into three parts, at least in my mind. The first part of the book is a bit of an autobiography. To some people, this is unnecessary, but King does draw some EXCELLENT parallels that make his second part--the part on writing--a lot more visual and helpful. The toolbox and fossil parallels especially so. To top it all off and bring this book to its grand finale, King gives us the first, unedited draft of a short story he's written. Then he edits it, and presents to us the sloppy second draft. Too many times I think people are under the impression that writers crank out perfect first drafts, when in reality they're really dreadful looking. Finally, although I haven't always been all that impressed by Mr. King's works, I really enjoyed this book (finished it in two days)and felt that it really clarified some things that I've always wondered about. Though this book is good for aspiring writers, you'd be better off reading THE ELEMENTS OF STYLE first, as Mr. King highly recommends it and mentions it often in his book. Then go back and read this one.
B00000IAU3|4.0|&quot;No Angel&quot; is a great solo debut by Dido, who has already appeared on some Faithless songs. And obviously Faithless had a lot of influence on her. Especially in the second half of the album electronic sounds dominate the songs. Personally I think the CD's first half is better, because the accoustic guitar which is mainly used here goes great with her beautiful voice.<br />The best songs are &quot;Don't Think Of Me&quot;, a touching ballad, and &quot;Thank You&quot; which, as you all know, has been used as a sample for Eminem's &quot;Stan&quot;. But Dido has more to offer than background vocals for a rap song. Her voice stands out in the wide sea of hardly talented one-hit-wonder-popstars, and the music, too, is not mainstream, what makes this album very refreshening in these days.<br />I hope to hear more from this truly talented singer in the future. Next time, perhaps with more accuoustic instruments and less electronic music.
B000000WFZ|5.0|Yes, I bought a used copy at CD Warehouse, and after hearing it, was regretting not having risked the other 5-6 dollars it would have cost me to buy a non-used one. What a wonderful &amp; lovely score; I become more of a fan of Morricone with each score I hear- he's a true master of the genre. Has brilliant orchestrational skills and a canning knack for beautiful melodies. A world class effort, and one of the best scores I've heard ever. I can see how/why Hans Zimmer was influenced by this score.
B00004XOWM|2.0|&quot;Chocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Flavored Water&quot; (what a title!) is one big disappointment. There are only three good songs on this album, namely &quot;My Generation&quot;, &quot;Take A Look Around&quot; and perhaps &quot;Rollin'&quot;. Fred Durst's rhymes are very weak, half of the lyrics consist of the f-word. I only listened three times to this album, and after that never ever again. That's how fast it becomes boring.<br />You'd expect an album that is by far better than this. If you don't own it already buy &quot;Significant Other&quot; instead. It's loaded with great tracks and more intelligent lyrics. I really hope their next album will be totally different from this. The band has great potential, especially DJ Lethal and Wes Borland. So, get a grip Fred Durst, and next time don't try to please the MTV-genaration, do what my generation wants to hear!
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD is a must have for anyone who enjoys acoustic pop, and electronica combined with lushly ethereal sound. The lyrics are very heart warming and touch one's soul. They simply come from the heart. Songs such as &quot;Here with you&quot;, &quot;Don't think of me&quot;, &quot;take my hand&quot; and &quot;thank you&quot; are among the very best in this album. Simply put, this is poetry, hurt, heartbreak,sorrow, and hope all rolled into one! Lovely!
B000002ADT|5.0|I think one of the most frightening things that ever happened to me was the time I lost my Miles Davis &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; CD. I promptly ran right out and purchased another one. This is one recording that has introduced many to the world of jazz, and is loved by jazz afficiandos and casual listeners alike. Picture a warm, rainy day where all you want to do is relax, think or indulge your introspective mood...this would be just the thing to listen to.<br />&quot;Kind of Blue&quot; is complete in itself and needs no additions or explanations. It is spare, unembellished, having no need for gimick or pretension. It is beautiful in it's simplicity, and from start to finish it will astound you with it's artistic grace. When talent is coupled with skill and then fueled by expression, true art appears. Like a great painting, &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; will remain timeless.<br />Also try out: Sarah Vaughan, Diane Krall, John Coltrane.
0783226063|4.0|This is not for the weak stomached or for those people who think a movie should have feeling in it.  I am a Sci-Fi fan, and when I saw this movie for the first time I instantly knew it was great.  Sci-Fi has gone almost completely Fiction with no real science anymore.  When someone today creates a movie about a world they don't look at the consequences of the characters being in that world (except for Pitch Black).  Dune is one of those movies which went down to the last detail to bring you Frank Herbert's book in the best adaptation I could get from it.  The reason for the 4 stars is that the DVD doesn't have many options.
B000003S1A|5.0|Breathtaking! For all fans of experimental rock, or those who appreciate stellar musicianship and production, add this recording to your collection. Featuring four of the most skilled and influential musicians that have ever graced a studio, this is an exercise of precision turned into art. <br />It is stunning in its complexity and layered sound. Adrian Belew, on guitar-god par with Robert Fripp, revels in this arena as he gives us some of his most creative guitar work yet. His smooth, David Byrne-ish voice is the perfect compliment to the tight arrangements of King Crimson, and he is a welcome addition. Tony Levin, by far one of the best bass/stick players on stage or in a recording studio,(catch him playing with Peter Gabriel, another genius!) is unbelievable in his performance on this project. Add to that the eternal talents of Bill Bruford (percussion)and Robert Fripp (guitar, etc.) and you have a recipe for the absolute destruction of the conception that rock music is simplistic or just ear candy. <br />&quot;Elephant Talk&quot;, a humorous look at human conversation, is vibrant, frantic and delicious. &quot;Frame by Frame&quot;, my personal favorite, has Belew's voice at it's best, and is one of the more listener-friendly songs on the recording. Bill Brufurd seems to be slamming the song forward as it bursts into high gear, as the amazing guitar work by Fripp and Belew intertwine with one another in a dizzying feat of fast fretting. &quot;Matte Kudasai&quot; slows the frenetic pace and gives Belew a chance to stretch out his characteristic playing. It's like listening to a sunset.&quot;Indiscipline&quot; is a barage of noise and energy that is at once angry, intense, and funny, and sometimes hard for me to listen to. &quot;Thela Hun Ginjeet&quot; is a speeding freight train of guitar, bass and percussion, with a spoken-word narrative about a crime being committed that I find a little annoying. But it is worth it to listen to the fine producing. &quot;The Sheltering Sky&quot; is an unassuming little instrumental where Bill Brufurd and Tony Levin keep the pace to a dissonant guitar. The recording finishes up with the title track, &quot;Discipline&quot;, where these fine musicians strut their stuff in the true meaning of the word.<br />This recording was made in 1981, and is beyond it's time, as is to be expected from the musicians that created it. If there is a theory of evolution for rock, than this is the apex. This album proves that chaos is a mere illusion.<br />For similar music, try Peter Gabriel, newer Rush, or Yes. For fans of Les Claypool of Primus or Mike Watt playing with Firehose, you will appreciate the fine work of Tony Levin on this album. Also, if you are a student of electric guitar, buy this NOW.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink's music is strict, Philly-soul R&amp;B with some pop flare thrown in to keep it appealing, but the bottom line is you must like real, raw and hardcore music if you want to appreciate Pink (21-year-old Alecia Moore). No corny Mariah-like vocal gymnastics, no sugar-coated lyrics like Britney, no tired messeges like Destiny's Child. Just real, down-to-earth, mature and respectable music with awesome beats and catchy melodies. &quot;Split Personality&quot;, an explosive and exposed jam about fitting in with today's conformist society, &quot;There You Go&quot;, the bouncy and addicting lead single, &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot;, with a white-knuckle chorus and raw emotional rage, and &quot;Stop Falling&quot;, a beautiful, heartfelt and soulful ballad all take the gold. &quot;Hell Wit Ya&quot;, because of its fun, fast pace and won't-think-twice lyrics, and &quot;Private Show&quot;'s Philly-soul sound, are also great tracks. Pink enforces a lot of different musical taste in the 13 tracks, and she grew up listening to a wide variety of R&amp;B music, as evidenced by this white woman's extremely soulful voice. If you are currently enjoying the music of Jill Scott, TLC, Madonna, Monica or Janet Jackson, then pick up Pink's excellent debut, &quot;Can't Take Me Home.&quot; Cuz if you don't take this home, you'll be missing out on something special.
630416923X|5.0|Out of all the documentaries I've seen on the Beatles this is probably the most comprehensive.  It covers so much, and is really entertaining at the same time (a very important combonation when you're watching a documentary).  What makes this so entertaining is that pretty much the entire documentary is brought to you by the Beatles themselves.  You get so many insights and hear so many anecdotes about the Beatles you have to watch the set a few times to catch everything.  I highly recommend getting this, it's worth the price of admission.
0780626966|5.0|AMAZING!!!!!!!.....First off unlike the other horror kings &lt;Jason, and Myers&gt; Fred was in every movie of his series.  Dont get me started on the one Myers wasn't in plus the rumor goes that it wasn't him in the last one either, and Jason wasn't in 2 of his.  Second there is no BoxSet for the others. I would kill for a Jason BoxSet, but they are not done making the movies.  The movies have great video transfer.  But the Extra disc is amazing. It is something seen to believed.  It also comes with a booklet highlighting each movie, and 3-D classes.
630416923X|5.0|Out of all the documentaries I've seen on the Beatles this is probably the most comprehensive.  It covers so much, and is really entertaining at the same time (a very important combonation when you're watching a documentary).  What makes this so entertaining is that pretty much the entire documentary is brought to you by the Beatles themselves.  You get so many insights and hear so many anecdotes about the Beatles you have to watch the set a few times to catch everything.  I highly recommend getting this, it's worth the price of admission.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Ellen is brilliant.  That about sums it up.
B000021Y7X|5.0|I am not much of a rock music fan but seeing this extraordinary concert film of the Talking Heads in performance in 1983, when it first came out, sent me rushing to the record stores where I bought every CD of the Talking Heads ever made!  The two most significant people behind this event were David Byrne, the front man and composer for the group, and director Jonathan Demme, who would go on and on to ever bigger heights in the film industry. Byrne crafted some of the most amazing offbeat lyrics with music of vast appeal to those who see themselves as Outsiders.  Additionally, the numbers are all sung by the one person capable of delivering these strange new sounds: himself.<br /><br />Byrne also has extraordinary stage presence, which hits its crowning moment when he appears in the \\"Big Suit,\\" a huge suit made by his then girlfriend and now wife, Adele.  If Byrne were a visual artist instead (and he was when he was studying at the Rhode Island School of Design where he met the rest of the band), you would call his work Absurdist and Minimalistic.  He makes it all work and with Demme filming the show, it is all caught perfectly.  There are other fans who appreciate the other Talking Heads (3 members of the band) as much but it always seemed to me that there were many other musicians who could have filled their shoes. Byrne has continued to grow as a musician and a composer in the years since the band broke up.  He quit the rock scene as a younger man's game and went on to compose soundtracks and then expand into other musical genres as well, including Latin music.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00002IJ48|5.0|Editing this review because, well, I wrote some pretty lame things, but its quality still stands after a year of owning it.<br />There are small clips scattered throughout the video after each music video, but this is the General content you will find (in order): <br /> King 5 Documentary (short documentary about how the band started, Some nice clipps of the bands early days) <br /> \\"We Die Young\\" video (rare art institute of Seattle Version) <br /> \\"We Die Young\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Man in the Box\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Sea of Sorrow\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Would?\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Them Bones\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Angry Chair\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Rooster\\" video (full un-cut version) <br />\\"What the Hell Have I\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Down In a Hole\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"No Excuses\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"I Stay Away\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Grind\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Heaven Beside You\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Again\\" video (normal version) <br />\\"Over Now\\" video (taken from MTV unplugged) <br />\\"Get Born Again\\" video (normal version)
B00001QEE2|4.0|Hercules restored my faith that Disney can still make fun, engaging animated movies (this one's much better than the more recent disappointing Road to El Dorado or The Emperor's New Groove). The animation is dazzling (from the makers of Aladdin and The Little Mermaid), the music is a new take -- gospel, and the characters are funny. The voices include a cast of famous names, such as Tate Donovan and Danny DeVito as Hercules and his goat-man sidekick. The plot is predictable and the storytelling of the Greek myth may be a bit off, but after all, it's Disney. The DVD includes a documentary (&quot;The Making of Hercules&quot;) and a Ricky Martin music video (for the song &quot;I Can Go the Distance&quot;), and most Disney DVDs hardly have any extras. I wouldn't call this movie a must-buy, but it's a welcome addition to Disney's family of great cartoon movies... and kids will certainly love it, too.
B000050IMG|5.0|I know SCARY MOVIE is aimed toward making fun of all the teen slasher horror films, but I wonder how much all those actors who've been in those kind of movies think about this one and how they're being shunned and made fun of. Like everybody else says, this movie really don't have a plot. It's number 1 goal is to put down movies such as THE SIXTH SENSE, SCREAM, I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER, and many, many others. And it did a very great deal of it! I think this film was supposed to be called something like: SCREAM IF I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER. I don't really know for sure if that's what it used to be called, but that's what I heard. Anyways, last summer, I saw this in the theaters with my older sister because she had wanted to see it, too. We laughed so hard throughout this entire movie that I'd thought I'd pee in my pants!<br />I love horror movies - don't get me wrong - but SCARY MOVIE is just a very entertaining movie...not to be taken seriously by anyone. You can tell right away just by the title of this movie that it's going to be really funny. They had entitled this 'SCARY', as part of the joke - even though it's more like a gross comedy than horror. SCARY MOVIE is very fast-paced and most of the characters die within minutes. There are a number of highlight-most-hilarious moments in this movie. So many that I cannot list them all because my review would be too long! A warning to all James Van Der Beek fans: He actually makes a short appearence in this movie! Not only does this movie make fun of the slasher films themselves, but it also makes fun of the actors in those films. Some of the stand-out characters in this film include Cindy Campbell: Neve Campbell - SCREAM and Buffy Gilmore: Sarah Michelle Gellar - I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER. If you love horror movies, then this is definitely for you. And it's also for you if you don't like horror movies and want to find a good excuse to make fun of them you should see this. Any reason for seeing it, SCARY MOVIE should seen by everyone who's got a good sense of humor!
6302424887|5.0|No Shakespeare I've ever experienced did half as much as this movie did to make Shakespeare real, vivid and fascinating -- as a storywriter.  Its verisimilitude (sp?), its acting, and the directing served to get me caught up in the STORY in which people just happened to talk in that older, poetic tongue. A facinating story by a fantastic playwright who happens to be named Shakespeare.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I think the old saying, &quot;If we do not learn from the past, we are doomed to repeat it&quot; applies very well to this type of music.  History has shown us that these &quot;artists&quot; dry up as quickly as they came.  Menudo, New Kids on the Block, Wham!, etc.  These bands have a life expectancy of about 4 years, absolute max.  And when they do collapse under their own weight, they look like jokes to even their fans - the same fans that, in the height of their reign, would have told you they were musical geniuses sent from the heavens above.  Here's a theory Einstein never came up with:  Britney Spears = Tiffany + updated glossy production.  The reason that similar artists like Madonna manages to keep their career going longer is because she was actually DARING.  Madonna isn't the holy grail of recorded music either but she DID raise the bar; she was one of the first popular icons to tell women and girls it was fine to be open about their sexuality, while contemporaries like Spears and Aguilera merely exploit their own.<br />I believe strongly that anyone who does not write his or her own lyrics is not an &quot;artist&quot; or anything closely resembling it.  I believe even more strongly that someone like this that covers a Stones song should be publicly hanged.  <br />Why do people like this?  Honestly, why?  Song after song after song is exactly the same - politically correct verse/chorus/verse/chorus ditties, generally about shallow relationships that only uninteresting, Noxzema-reeking teenagers could appreciate.  What happened to the value of *surprise*?  Doesn't anyone like to be *challenged* every now and again?  I will be forever amazed at the fact that someone could find some merit in something that was so obviously put out because they knew you would buy it.  <br />There are plenty bands out there that I don't care for but I understand that people like them due to personal taste.  I respect those bands as musicians because they're writing their own music and put just a little bit of spirit behind it.  But what is THIS?  Did Banality become a genre of music suddenly?  I don't care how Spears tries to romanticize her career, she is a product existing only to move millions of units for greedy record execs and to sell &quot;kewl&quot; memorabilia.  <br />I apologize if this review was bitter; I was fine with her pushing her generic, easily disposable dung on America until she did an awful remake of a song that actually didn't suck.  If N'Sync covers &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, I'm going on a shooting spree in a Gap.
B000002UB3|5.0|I'm just a newbie with The Beatles since I'm only 15 here.  But I must say this album is a blast to listen to.  It's blows out the rest of my other music CDs.  The first two tracks are classsics with &quot;Come Together&quot; &amp; &quot;Something&quot;.  &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; is a nice peice in track 3.  &quot;Oh! Darling&quot; is a nicely done love track.  &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot; &amp; &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot; always lighten up my day when I'm down with &quot;Because&quot; &amp; &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; balance those two out.  The combination with &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot;, &quot;Carry That Weight&quot; and &quot;The End&quot; is nicely done.  The only gripes I have with Abbey Road are that &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy)&quot; isn't no &quot;Hey Jude&quot;.  It's OK, but the continuation of the song isn't that great.  I don't think &quot;Her Majesty&quot; is really needed here.  The way that &quot;The End&quot; ended is where the album should've stopped.  Oh well, a great album nonetheless.
B000002LQD|5.0|Nothing sounds or feels like this dark masterpiece. The sheer majesty of the song cycle, all about the deaths of 2 people who were in Lou's Life, is remarkable.<br />Even though the subject matter is very dark, one feels Lou coming through the pain, as if reborn and filled with acceptance of the deaths he had faced.<br />From the opening chords of &quot;Dorita&quot; thru to &quot;Power &amp; Glory&quot;, and &quot;Power &amp; Glory Part 2&quot;, this is a very powerful and authentic piece of work.<br />Highly recommended!
B00004Z459|4.0|i think this cd is really cool i so love linkin park and they have only just come out in new zealand not long ago and already i'm hooked on them i love one step closer that song really rocks, also i was just wondering if anyone knows if it is true that they are comming to new zealand on may the 8th for one day and doing a concert in auckland, cause i got told this and i was wondering if it was for real or not because if it is i really want to go...  if you know you can email me at groveychick15@yahoo.com  thanks <br />linkin rock
B00000K19E|5.0|Some SciFi movies, whilst good, are somewhat predictable.  Not this one!  With a mix of &quot;Cyber Punk&quot; and &quot; Asian Action&quot; Matrix delivers a rare combination of where we're going and where we've been with pure fantansy.<br />It takes some time to figure out exactly what's going on (a day or two I mean) but this makes for a thought prevoking period.<br />The special effects are un-believable and the fight scenes unreal!!<br />Enjoy!!
B000002UB6|4.0|&quot;Let It Be&quot; has been know as the worst album from The Beatles.  True, it is their worst album, but it's still enjoyable to listen to.  The lyrics may not be catchy, but the great insturment playing does get to you. &quot;Two Of Us&quot; is a modest track with &quot;Dig A Pony&quot; sounding somewhat country.  &quot;Across The Universe&quot; makes you feel what it is being on the universe and &quot;I Me Mine&quot; is a very sad song, but a song that relates to everyone.  &quot;I've Got A Feeling&quot; is a track where everyone can find a feeling inside them and &quot;One After 909&quot; reminds me of my hectic trips.  &quot;For You Blue&quot; is a well made track, but very odd for a love song.  And you've got three classic songs with &quot;Let it Be&quot;, &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot; and &quot;Get Back&quot;.  Anyways, still and enjoyable album to listen to.
0525945636|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  It was so intense that it was hard to put down.  I told myself that I would stop at the end of a certain chapter.  The end of the chapter came, and then I had to go right to the next.  Read the book in two sittings.  It was so good, it was exciting and most important it was well written.  Author! Author!
B00000K2SC|2.0|What is this? Wanna-be Hong Kong movie + wanna-be Western movie + Wanna-be SF? I felt kinda sorry for all the money that spent on that movie. Yes, the special effects and all that but nothing impressive. But if you liked it, then go to watch &quot;The Cell&quot;. You'll probably like it, too.
0783219598|5.0|Ferdinand the duck screaming &quot;Christmas is Carnage&quot; is right on the money.  People eat ham, turkey, lamb and so on on holidays and don't understand that animals do have feelings.  They don't understand about the world as much as the ones in this film do, but then humans don't understand what happens to non-humans in the factory farms and slaughterhouses.  In fact, this film paints a rosy picture of life for animals that humans eat.  It's awfully nice for those dogs and pigs and cows and sheep living on that farm, and this can be misleading to children.  But it hopefully makes them understand that eating another living being is, indeed, WRONG.  You can turn a blind eye to the facts if you like and tell yourself that killing a pig for your Christmas dinner is a-ok, but perhaps this film will tell you otherwise.
6304493681|4.0|First of all I just want to say if you have a surround sound system, this is one of the movies to watch it on. It has all of the action that will catch you from the very begining and the sound too keep you hostage. The Bonus featues is just icing on the cake to show all of the great work to but this great movie together.
B00000AD94|5.0|Ok, everyone seems to make a BIG DEAL of the cussing in &quot;The Water&quot;, when they fail to realize, IT'S A COMPLETE JOKE!  And a really funny one at that!  How often do you see a band write a song where in the first half it goes off on an angst driven rampage, cursing at everyone, and then the second half of the song is an apology for the first half!  It's HILLARIOUS, and you shouldn't take it seriously, it was not meant to be taken seriously.  The Water is told from the point of view of a character, not Spock's Beard, and the whole point of this song is to show how pitiful and wimpy this character really is.  Lines like, &quot;Please don't hate me&quot;, and &quot;You, you, you! You all messed me up&quot; (which might sound dark to the reader who hasn't actually heard this song before, but really, it's not) just go to show how light hearted and humor filled this band really is.  There's no shock value at all, anyone who thinks so is COMPLETELY missing the point.<br />Anyway, on with the review.  To say the least, this album is nothing short of INCREDIBLE.  Few bands come out with a debut album this powerful.  It really doesn't even classify as a debut album somehow, this band has their voice and style all figured out by the time they released this &quot;debut&quot;!  The production is very good (not as good as their latest two, &quot;Day for Night&quot;, and &quot;V&quot;, but still very good).  This is an album true to the progressive spirit, clocking in at almost an hour with only 4 tracks (including a bonus live track of part of &quot;The Doorway&quot; off their next album).  But looking beyond sheer track times (surely not the indicator for how good an album is), every song here is completely solid, memorable, and very well constructed.  The compositions are complex enough to keep you coming back and figuring them out, but have enough great melodies and hooks to get you going the first time you listen.  I've given this one hundreds of hours of play time,and it never gets old, in fact, it seems to get better with age.<br />I can't begin to describe the amount of variety you get on this album, while at the same time, maintaining a strong unity and cohesiveness.  In a way, it almost feels more like a well written concept album, only there is no story, or any actual connection between these 4 works, but they still flow together like they were completely meant to go together.  Just to show a few examples of the variety you get, there's Beatles-esque sections like the chorus to &quot;The Light,&quot; the humorous and also beautiful flaminco section &quot;Senor Valasco's Mystic Voodoo Love Dance&quot;.  There's the grooving interludes of &quot;Go the Way you Go&quot; which show SB to have some great jazz chops as well as progrock.  Of course, there's the above mentioned &quot;F U / I'm Sorry&quot;, which I find completely hilarious, heck, I even played this one for my older aunt and even she got the joke!<br />There really is something for everyone in this album, unless your stuck up and concerned about being traditional and proper, then this album will just offend you.<br />Remember the bottom line, Spock's Beard is about having FUN while making great music.  They really have shown that you don't have to be dark, introspective, and philosophical to be good music, or even to be progrock.  Closest I can think of to early 70s stuff is early Genesis with stuff like &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; or &quot;The battle of Epping Forest&quot;.  Spock's Beard really IS the voice of 90s progrock, and it's a great voice to have.<br />- Eric
B00003CXE7|2.0|This movie won best picture at the Oscars and I wasn't at all surprised, as the Acadamy tends to NOT award the best picture of the year with the honor.  A lot of people loved this movie and it's easy to see why:  an underdog lead character and loads of action.  I would have loved it too had it been as carefully crafted as Ben Hur.  However, it isn't, and the story is about as strong as wet tissue paper;  the sub-par story alone tries to support a new-era Hollywood epic and obviously turns to shreds.<br />The whole of the movie is filler with some action sequences to break the monotony:  There's the &quot;driving factor&quot; of Maximus trying to free the slaves and restore the glorious empire, but who really cares except for Maximus?  Not me, and probably not most people.  And don't forget the tacked on love story, which seems obligatory for any Hollywood movie these days.  The pure and simple truth is that, sadly, no extra care was taken to ensure this movie's claim to greatness.<br />When you put all these elements in a blender and hit &quot;puree&quot; you come up with a thick dark sludge that's as appetizing as raw liver, but which people will shell out money to taste nonetheless.  And despite what you may think of this next statement, there is no bitterness involved:  If you want to really see the best picture of the year, go see Traffic.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie will change your life. If you have never even seen it...buy the DVD. Even if you have a small collection, everyone will be asking you to borrow this dvd. It is that great. Just putting the movie aside, the dvd is number one. It has great packaging, great supplementary, and four great tracks. Even one with Chuck Palahniuk, the writer of Fight Club.<br />The movie has a great theme. Do not end up being a spacemonkey! &quot;You do the little job you're trained to do. Pull a lever. Push a button. You don't understand any of it, and then you just die.&quot; That theme is backed with great acting by Edward Norton and Brad Pitt, two great actors. And even Meatloaf Aday!<br />Buy it now!!
0812550706|5.0|Even though I am thirteen I loved this book! My Dad is like the ultimate science fiction freak and he knows a good book when he picks one up. He is also the one that recommended it to me so I said ok i'll give it a try. Once I started I couldn't put it down! So this is a great book for almost any age.
0684874350|4.0|A life of poverty disease and heartbreak awaits author Frank McCourt when he arrives back to Ireland from America.  The situation at home in Ireland is worse and we see the families sruggle to find work, food, money, and the charity of others. One thing the McCourts are not short of is tragedy and it becomes a normal part of life in Angela`s Ashes.     Frank McCourt the oldest child in the McCourts intermediate family, is a young boy growing up in the Irish Depression.  This story written in an Irish accent gives details of their Catholic Religion.  In Ireland Religon sets the tone for the way people should live.  Frank tries to be a good Catholic but after all, he is just a boy.     Malachy McCourt, Franks father, is an alcoholic and seen through out the book drinking his paycheck and dole money and therefore loses his jobs.  &quot;It`s bad enough that Dad loses jobs the third week but now he drinks the dole money&quot;, says Frank after a night without a meal.     One thing about the book that kept us reading is that there was a surprise around each corner.  For example, in one chapter, the McCourts lay down to sleep and woke up being devoured by hungry fleas.  Franks reenactment of this was expresssed when he said, &quot;We saw the fleas, leaping, jumping, fastened to our flesh.&quot; However, it is not all sad, it is also guite funny.  Like when Franks friend Mikey tells a story of Cuchulain, Franks superman, haveing a pissing contest to find a wife for himself.     The one thing we all didn`t like was all the depressing tragedies, such as Frank`s one and only sister and two brother dieing.  Frank also suffers aflictions both physically and mentally, like when he feels the shame of wearing shoes repaired with rubber.     We recommend this book to anyone looking for a challenge or feels like their life is insufferable.
0812550706|5.0|Even though I am thirteen I loved this book! My Dad is like the ultimate science fiction freak and he knows a good book when he picks one up. He is also the one that recommended it to me so I said ok i'll give it a try. Once I started I couldn't put it down! So this is a great book for almost any age.
6305313687|5.0|This is an incredible film with searing performances and frighteningly real portraits of a family torn apart by violence and hate. Derreck Vinyard (Norton) is the leader of a group of neo-nazi thugs. He is imprisoned for a heinous crime, but returns to find his younger brother Danny (Furlong) is taking the same route in life. Stacy Keach delivers a chilling performance as Cameron the driving force behind the motion. As it progresses you are spellbound by the way Cameron prays on the vulnerability of the fragile boys, who are by no means innocent. This is horrifying look into their lives set against a backdrop of Swassticas and White power slogans. Chilling stuff and not to everyones tastes.
B000023VR6|3.0|This album could have been a classic, but the contrast between the material in the first and halves of the CD prevent it from being so. <br />The first 13 tracks and &quot;The Message&quot; are up to Dre's usual high standards, but the next 9 are not up to par and sound out of place on this album. Songs like &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot;, &quot;Still DRE&quot; and &quot;F**k You&quot; are vastly superior to tracks like &quot;Murder Ink&quot; and &quot;Housewife&quot;(which is just a rehash of a song from Kurupt's album). If Dre had cut tracks 14-21, this would have been a classic like the Chronic. <br />This is a problem seen on many releases today. Just because the CD can hold 79 minutes of music is no reason to use all of the space. The Chronic was only about 60 min long, but all the tracks were hot.<br />If you're a Dre fan, get this album. If you're not, then borrow it and see if you like all the songs before getting this.
B000002I25|5.0|FIRST OFF TO THE FLINSTONES CHEWABLE REVIEWER YOU OBIVIOUSLY WERE NOT LISTENING TO THE SAME ALBUM THE REST OF US ENJOY! This album is one of my all time favorites ranking right up there with Dark Side of the Moon, Led Zeppelin IV, and Sgt Pepper. The newly remastered version is superb and the songs are timeless. What made the Doors great is that they were a \\"BAND\\" in every since of the word. It wasn't just Jim Morrison and his three sidemen. The Doors were always a band of unique muscians with a great sound and their debut album proves they were a band for the ages. Highlights for me are Ray's organ introduction for Light My Fire, Robby's haunting guitar sound on End of the Night and Morrison's graet lyrics throughout the entire album. The End is a masterpiece in lyrics and sound. John Densmore's drums sound great here and he's good throughout the entire album although I have always thought he is a bit low in the mix. The sound on this album is vibrant and unique considering this was done on four track stereo and everything about this album points to timeless appeal for years to come. It makes you think about life in the way that it appeals to your senses. It makes you scream for joy, laugh, cry, love, and hate. It's scary in that it sends chills up your spine yet relaxing in the way that it satisfies the listener each time. Go get this album today!
B00005214X|5.0|A very lovely message, reflective lyrics against a masterful backdrop of textured sound and silence.
B000002GWN|5.0|I usually do not like live albums, however, this one is outstanding in a field of it's own! Originally released as a 2 record set on vinyl, my only complaint with the CD version, (that I bought to save my vinyl) is that the songs, the crowd patter and the flow of the original is somewhat lost as things were segued, cut or minimally edited to get the entire work on one CD. All but 3 songs were recorded during a 3 day engagement at the Universal Ampitheater in Los Angeles. Another song was recorded during a show earlier in the year at an L.A. Music Center performance. And finally, one was recorded at a show in Berkley Community Center. The production and engineering values used in recording the shows and mastering them later is evident throughout the entire work. It's an excellent job for a live recording (but, look at what were working with here!) While there are no songs missing, some of the spontaneous ebb and flow of the live experience is lost here from what can only be classified as &quot;A LIVE WORK OF ART&quot;. If you have the vinyl you'll understand. If you don't or have never heard it completely through you will probably not know what is missing. If you're a purist like my self you're sitting around waiting for an anniversary edition or etc., that will have the complete and unscathed live masterpiece that I came to know and love on vinyl. Some very important notes about this particular CD is that her VERY BEST available recording of her song &quot;A Case Of You&quot; is included in this offering and it is worth the price just for that alone! I am also very partial to the version of &quot;The Last Time I Saw Richard&quot;. She does an incredible job with each piece selected here from her catalog at the time. Each version of the songs presented here shed new light on her work in a very flattering fashion. Tom Scott and the L.A. Express backed her up on this tour. It was a stroke of GENIUS to combine Joni with them. They fit together like a hand in glove. Shenever ceases to amaze me.
B000055WIQ|5.0|Brilliant movie... I'm dying to see the new scenes that were previously cut from the movie.<br />Please drop the price!
158234082X|4.0|A memoir of the chef's life, from his first raw oyster as a lad in France to becoming executive chef in a New York restaurant.  Along the way, there are tales of depravity (everyone he knows seems to be, like himself, a drug-snorting, rock-and-rolling, profanity-spewing reprobate) in the kitchen, caveats about what is and isn't hygienic in most restaurants, and essays on subjects like his Tokyo sojourn, or a portrait of a more sedate master chef.  This is great reading; both the memoir parts of the book and the essays on general subjects are well-written, delightfully disgusting, and always fun.  Bordain tries just a bit too hard to be Hunter Thompson at times, and overdoes it with the military metaphors for the chef's life --- but he did hit bottom on heroin, so he gets to be Gonzo, I guess.  The book also could have used a glossary; Bordain tosses around chef's names and cooking terms with alacrity and no definitions.  Aside from that, this  look into the &quot;culinary underbelly&quot; is darkly comic, informative, and satisfying.  It's no great literature, but for what it is, it's just right.
079074404X|5.0|I wish I had got the chance to see this movie in a theatre. The special effects are fantastic, and remember this movie was made in the 1950s. I am sure George Lucas got some inspiration from this movie. <br />`Forbidden Planet' has a great story, wonderful scenery, great special effects, and a good cast. Leslie Nielsen makes a good feature film debut (it's interesting to see his early, more serious roles). The history of the planet, with the ancient civilization, is very fascinating and the music is haunting. This was the first movie to have a soundtrack made entirely by electronic instruments. This movie inspired not only George Lucas; I actually read a Donald Duck adventure, some years ago, with almost exactly the same story. Also `Alien 3' has some similarities in the story about the beautiful woman who, without wanting to, gets the men (who haven't seen a woman for years) to start arguing.<br />I saw this movie for the first time today and it is now on the list of my favorite movies. Somebody said it was a little too slow, but I don't think it is. I can almost promise that you will never regret buying this movie. I think you will watch it over and over again. It is a real masterpiece, a must-see! Do not miss it!
6304795254|5.0|<BR>Here's the common theme while watching this movie: &quot;Oh, I got it now!  Hey! What the...?&quot;<BR><br />Rarely do you find a movie this compelling.  At every point where you think you have it figured out, where you think you've got a really good handle on things, it changes.  This doesn't let up even to the very last minute of the film.  You actually live the life of the character you are watching because like him, you are stupefied and confounded at every turn.<BR><br />Even as the final credits are rolling, you are wondering &quot;is it really over?  No, surely they are going to trick him again, even now!  Just watch!&quot;  But it finally, inexorably fades to black and it's really over.  Is it?<BR><BR><br />One of Michael Douglas' finest performances.  If you liked this, you will also probably want to see &quot;The Spanish Prisoner&quot; and &quot;The Usual Suspects.&quot;<BR>
B000059ZLH|5.0|HEY LISTEN I WAS AT THIS SHOW AND IT WAS AMAZING IT WAS THE BEST CONCERT I'VE EVER BEEN TO. nOW IF YOU LIKE ROCK MUSIC YOU WILL ABSOLUTLY LOVR THIS DVD. FROM THE WAILING GUITARS OF JOHN PETRUCCI TO THE AMAZING TALENT OF JORDAN RUDESS THIS DVD IS ALL AROUND AMAZING. IF YOU WERE TO BUY ANY OTHER CONCERT VIDEO I WOULD HAVE TO HUNT YOU DOWN AND DESTROY IT BECAUSE IT IS INFERIOR TO THIS DVD.
0553278223|4.0|&quot;The Martian Chronicles&quot; is full of stories about what humanity does when it is let alone and thinks that no one is watching. As they are science fiction stories, the characters all have science on their side, helping them shape the world--nay, the solar system--to their ideal. It's not always a nice process. Over and over again, in each short story, the human qualities of the first ones on Mars, and even the qualities of those who remained on Earth, are exposed. Humanity certainly does not look pretty in this book. The men who landed on Mars were more ready to kill strange creatures than try to befriend them--more ready to destroy remnants of Martian civilization than preserve it. Even those with ideals were bent on wiping out those who thought differently from them. Those who remained on Earth were just as inclined to destruction. For them, the issue was nuclear war. Yes, the Martians did their horrible share of killing out of fear of the unfamiliar, but who are Earthlings to cry foul over that?<br />However, there are some stories about nice people (such as &quot;The Green Morning&quot; and &quot;The Million-Year Picnic&quot;). Other stories are more optimistic (&quot;Way in the Middle of the Air&quot;) and even whimsical (&quot;Night Meeting&quot;). One is even poignant without being too dark (&quot;The Long Years&quot;).<br />Though I found a lot of the parts about robots and telepathy really hard to believe (even for my gullible, credulous, Madeleine L'Engle reading self), I have to admit that the situations that involved these fictional conceptions made a lot of sense.<br />What I disliked most about this book was the lack of good female characters. The women who were in the stories just slumped and sighed around a lot, except the woman in &quot;The Silent Towns&quot;, who was purely disgusting.<br />What I liked most about &quot;The Martian Chronicles&quot; were the last two stories, &quot;There Will Come Soft Rains&quot; and &quot;The Million-YearPicnic&quot;. They gave the message that, despite all the destruction humans can bring about in five years--and on two planets--there is no reason to give up on humanity or for humans to give up on themselves.
6302787068|5.0|This is probobly one of the best Disney films out.  It takes you into the world of Agraba, city of mysteries.  You get to live the life of a young begger boy who soon becomes a hero.  The Genie even adds more comedy and entertainment to the story line.  Robbin Williams definitly shows the Genie at his best.  A must have for any Disney loving family.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Been listening to Jazz for over 45 years and being floored by a performer is now a rare occurrence. Krall's &quot;Under My Skin&quot; rivals Sinatra's. If you buy one album this year, make it this one.
0380788624|1.0|What a dull, tedious, artless black brick of a book. Stephenson is not a bad a writer, but he's not talented enough to write a good book that's this long. He's no story-teller: his characters are cartoonish and forgettable, and he has no knack for language. But at least the book is funny in spurts.
0767805712|5.0|One of the most overlooked and under rated films ever made , I wonder why this gem was so easily overlooked. With deep undertones of perfection and philosophy of self this film went beyond the barriers of movie entertainment.  A script always makes a movie and what a delighful script.screenplay this is!! witty and perfect enough to carry the plot, Andrew Niccol has done an amazing job with this film. The clinical production design and color layerings which form the atmosphere give it such an edge that it trule speaks in a lot of different forms.<br />The acting here is superb and top notch and here we see a less popular at the time lesser known Jude Law who shows us his talent and what he's capable of. A warning of a film with deeply beautiful sincerity to it, this ranks up there.
B000053SPI|5.0|I will keep this short and sweet. This is the best Journey release since Escape. New vocalist Steve Augeri more than fills the shoes of Steve Perry. Critics may pan this release (as they always have), but the bottom line is that this is a must have for any lover of high quality melodic rock. Buy it, Buy it, Buy it!!!
B00000JPYQ|5.0|remastered with four extra tracks,this classic live cd shows the power of ufo and the great guitar playing of michael schenker.cd contains the classics from lights out to rock botom,this cd sounds even better after the remastered tracks
0446677450|4.0|The author's simple assertions seem like they should have been obvious, yet they will change how you think of money, your career, and your goals forever. Yes, the rich are different from you and me. They have money, and they see it for the tool it is.  This book effectively shows you why this is the proper approach and why it should be yours.  A quick read that will cause you to think and question some lifetime assumptions.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Although Tidal had its sublime moments, When The Pawn is the sound of an artist truly becoming that...an artist.  Lest we forget, Fiona Apple was in her very early twenties when she released this, but her musical vision and lyrical prowess is mature beyond her years.  While Tidal tugged at the heart-strings, When The Pawn... attempts nothing so ordinary.  <br />It's all in the delivery y'know.  The spite and vitriol of the lyrics is beautifully offset by the lusty, torch-singer vocals.  The punch of On The Bound and Limp is mannered by Apple's jazzy falsetto.  The incessant percussion and fractured bassline of Fast As You Can is varied by the contrast of tone.  It really is a revelation.  There is no filler here either.  While Tidal's Slow Like Honey and Carrion delivered little weight, every song on When The Pawn... hits home.  The three closing tracks ensure it's greatness.  The Way Things Are and Get Gone are gems, and I Know, is the understated highlight.  <br />Her third album ought to be nothing less than spectacular...
B000002X4T|5.0|It is too bad that full text of the defiant lyrics which was included in the original album was replaced in the CD with a &quot;we were only kidding&quot; commentary.  The album represents a powerful artistic statement for the need to share all in common and end the greed that could destroy our world through war and environmental disaster (still!). &quot;We Should be Together&quot; calls for solidarity and tells capitalist oligarches: &quot;All your private property is target for your enemy and your enemy is we.&quot;  Slick's songs (as in many other albums) provide a tour de force of sharp, surrealistic imagery of alienation worthy of Lorca (especially &quot;Hey Fredrick&quot;).  American escapism (always running off to the next frontier, the next market, or the outer reaches of suburban sprawl) is treated as myth (&quot;Good Shepard&quot;) and its hippy utopian variant of the time is satirized (&quot;the Farm&quot;). The impossibility of escape from a nuclear holocaust (&quot;Wooden Ships&quot;) leaves no alternative to revolution, which is both joyous (&quot;Volunteers&quot;) and deadly serious (&quot;Meadowlands&quot;, the theme of the Soviet Army).  The only seriously false note is in &quot;Wooden Ships&quot;, in which the response to the possible victims of a nuclear catastrophe is to say &quot;All we can do is echo your anguished cry. We are leaving, you don't need us.&quot;  Nonetheless, an impressive statement, all in all.  The music is magnificent, inextricably tied to the lyrics and fully conveying the extraordinary energy and vocal and instrumental and creativity the group brought to their live performances at the time.  Listening again to the entire album for the first time in decades, I'm struck how distinctive their music really was and how well it's held up.  Finally, did the &quot;revolution&quot; &quot;fail&quot;? Not entirely, but in any case, keep your eyes open and be ready to lend a hand, it will all come around again, if in somewhat differentform. Or, as someone said about Woody Guthrie and Leadbelly, it seems like sometimes the &quot;losers&quot; write the best songs.  There is plenty of good music which isn't about heroism, rebellion or the trials and struggles of the downtrodden, but I, for one, don't want to lose the good music that is about those things.
B000002BE9|4.0|Although When The Pawn... has since overshadowed this debut, Tidal is still a treasure.  It's most striking moments are the spine-tingling ballads, the watery suicide of Sullen Girl, the lilting Pale September and, especially, Never Is A Promise on which Apple out-Tori's Ms Amos.  Makes a great companion piece with When The Pawn... simple as the leap between albums is so tremendous.
0345363132|5.0|Excellent historical novel drawing a new and more believable picture of Richard III. Especially enjoyble due to geographical and details. I would reccomend this novel to anyone.
B000002BPS|5.0|Ixnay is the best Offspring CD ever.  It blows away Smash (which I thought sucked).  This is one of the few elite CDs that I don't skip over any tracks.  I suggest this CD even if you don't like the Offspring, especially with it's low price ($4 used, I bought mine even cheaper).
0804102988|5.0|A masterfully written, engrossing novel.  Perfect for those who revel in historical fiction.  If you like James Michener, you will love Sarum.
B00004XOWM|3.0|I heard a lot of criticism about this CD and I expected the worst.  After listening to Chocolate Starfish, it's not that bad.  Anyone who says they use the f word too much obviously didn't listen past track two (which contains 70% of the f words).  There are a few notable tracks like Rollin' and My Way.  The rest, unless they 'feature' another artist, you'll probably listen to a few times.
0679879269|5.0|I'm a teenage girl and i don't read much, but a friend gave me the 1st in this series to read and I just had to read the rest.  This book is completely exciting and I couldn't put it down.  This book has totally beautiful parts.  I cried for nearly an hour after I finished it.  I think that anyone of any age could read this, although younger kids might not understand it.  Anyone who hasn't read this yet, you have to read it!!!!
B000002U82|5.0|That's really the only way I can describe this album.  I'm 14, and I'm not a Floyd fan (dug the Class of '99 cover of Another Brick In The Wall, though).  My friend was telling me about how he went through his dad's old record collection, and listened to a couple of the albums.  His favorite was DSOTM, so when I went out last night I bought it on a whim.<br />I've apparantly been missing out on a lot.  This is some real insane music.  I'm no stoner by any means, about all my experience with drugs was a 3 month addiction to nose drops (don't laugh).  I can say, though, that you don't need to be baked to appreciate this material-not by a long shot.<br />This is the trippiest album I've ever listened to.  I'm also into Sabbath, Zep, and Hendrix, and, honestly, I'd have to list Floyd as a tie for first (with Hendrix).  Whether that opinion will change if I buy other albums is open for discussion, though.<br />Anyway, the CD starts off with some wicked sound effects, and quickly leads into very light-mid tempo rock.  That's not to say this is for the weak at heart though.  Far from it.  Lyrically, it's pure genius, technically, it's a masterpiece, and musically it is easily one of  the greatest rock albums I've ever heard (ties with Hendrix-Electric Ladyland).<br />Doug Gilmour's guitars are not shred-speed by any means, but he has a great amount of skill, and really knows when to NOT play.  Sounds weird, but a lot of guitarists these days never stop for anything.  On this album, the guitar is in the forefront only when it adds sonically, and when it is, it doesn't ever take away from the music as a whole.<br />This album is an experience-the experience.  I don't have a fave track, because each song fits together so seamlessly that it all appears to be one 45 minute long song.  That said, there are high points on the album, but really no low points.  It's so great to hear an album that can be played all the way through and be thoroughly enjoyed in today's shallow corporate dribble music.<br />I haven't tried the Wizard Of Oz thing yet, but I intend to soon.  I want to see what all the fuss is about.  It's worth a shot at least.<br />In conclusion, this record easily makes my list of top five albums of all time.  This record is just so pure and innocent, despite the many dark themes laced around each lyric.<br />Forget Einstein.  Pink Floyd is pure genius.  Even if you've never heard a Pink Floyd song before, I reccomend DSOTM to you.  Unbridled creativity at it's peak.  Wow!
0783225857|5.0|Harper Lee must have loved her Daddy and big brother.  Her warm fictional remembrance of them as Atticus and Jem in To Kill a Mockingbird is filled with respect and love.  She had a story to tell of race and hatred and tolerance and understanding, but underpinning all of it is her love of the two central males of her childhood, her kind and wise father, and her loving, protective brother.  This is the heart of her book, and it is the heart of this faithfully adapted film of that book.  <br />In an age that usually draws males and females in broad caricatures, depicting brutishness and carnality as the norm, and crassness and &quot;in-your-face&quot; as the only form of honesty, the characters in Mockingbird are not only refreshing, they are a revelation.<br />The book and the film is largely about decency.  Simple human decency.  The characters in this story of childhood adventures, awakenings and surprises, with the trial of an innocent black man in the South of the 30's at its center, are by and large decent people.<br />  From Scout's father, Atticus, sincerely defending the man, to the Judge wanting a fair trial and result, to the defendant Tom and his family, to Cal the housekeeper, to the lady next door, to the Reverend, to the simple and plain but honest Sheriff, and even the farmer momentarily caught up in the lynch mob mentality....all are essentially decent people struggling within their society's preconceived assumptions and intolerances to do what's right. And, of course, there is Boo.<br />Yes, the world has its share of ignorant, cowardly, and hate-filled Bob Ewells.  But, they do not define the world, so long as there are good men and women striving to do the right thing.<br />This flawlessly cast movie is a masterpiece.  It captures the innocense and wonder of childhood, and the sometimes tragedy &amp; struggle of adulthood without preaching. The performances are first rate down to the smallest role.  Robert Mulligan manages to capture the world froma child's perspective without belaboring it.<br />The world has spun around a few times since I saw this movie on it's release when I was little more than a child myself.  It captured and moved me then.  It moves me now.  It's simple truths and humanity are timeless.
0141301155|5.0|I've not been having a wild dream for a long time.  Flying without much effort, stuffing as many sweets into my mouth as I want, throwing a spoiled-rotten brat into the garbage chute along with her &quot;loving&quot; parents --- such wild dreams were once mine at all.  This book presented by Roald Dahl has reminded me of wonderful days of my childhood full of dreams those my favorite books realized in my mind.   It was a wonderful experience to know I can still dream such wild dream!  <br />       There are five children in this book.   Augustus Gloop, an enormously fat boy whose hobby is eating; Veruca Salt, a spoiled rotten brat; Violet Beauregarde, a dim-witted gum-chewer; Mike Teavee, a crazy TV watcher; and Charlie Bucket, whose family have only less than what they need to live. Chalie is our hero and we will enjoy happy-ending with him and his family, of course.   But why?   Why is he chosen as a favoite child by Mr. Willy Wanka?          <br />     I have only one answer, and I hope you will give me another one if you please.   Anyway, mine is as follows; because he needs to dream a wild dream to live his daily lives full of wants.  I know real children have a lot of wants to be fullfilled.   They are greedy.   Parents can't satisfy them.  If they really want to do so, they spoil their loving children like  Veruca's parents and will have to be kicked into the garbage chute full of fish bones, peels of potatoes, and so on.  Charlie is the only child who knows his wants mustn't be totally fulfilled, so Mr. Willy Wanka chose him as a winner.
6305627401|1.0|. . . you do not want to see some of the scenes involving Saddam Hussein with Satan as his love slave.  I'm serious, do yourself a favor and avoid putting those images of Saddam in bed with Satan into your head.  Even thinking about it is bad enough, but they just push it and push it until you want to die for ever being exposed to it.  Besides, there's way too many musical production numbers.  South Park is great, but talking poop and this stuff is where I draw the line.
0441172717|5.0|I am not a huge fan of all of Frank Herbert's books. Some of them have left me feeling very disappointed, but not Dune. It is a powerful novel that can stand alone comfortably, despite the sequels. In fact, the sequels are not in the same class; worth a read but not equal to his masterwork.<br />Like some of the best books, you get a strong sense of history in Dune. We may be reading about a small part of one man's life but in it, we glimpse the sweep of time. Political  machinations, that have been brewing for hundreds of years, are laid bare. We see secret organisations that have been working toward their lofty goals for millennia. And, family credos that have been refined over many generations. Paul Attreides is the product of all that and more.<br />Dune is not a light book. You won't read it in an afternoon. But when it is finished, you will not be able to forget it. The characters you have read about, will become permanent fixtures in your mind. Duncan Idaho, Gurney Halleck and all the rest, will be the yardsticks by which you judge similar people in the future. The fact that they populate incredible worlds and live with creatures more strange than any out of legend, only makes the reading more enjoyable. If you don't have a copy of Dune in your collection, then you don't know science fiction.
0804115613|4.0|I read this book after seeing the movie, and it is ten times more engrossing.  There are twice as many characters, and you'll love them all.  I also found &quot;Ruth&quot; of the movie quite flat, but I love her in the book. Besides the wonderful charaterizations, the book dealt very well with an obvious lesbian relationship.  Although Flagg never directly states it, it's clear that Ruth and Idgie are in love, and all the other members of the community are so accepting that they give us an example to live by today.
B00000HYXB|5.0|This is, quite frankly, the best metal album ever to hit shops, not only by the band, but by anyone.  The album is based on The Silmarillion, and it does an amazing job of portraying the story through both the songs and the short intervals in between songs.  The music is great and varied, with smashing guitar playing in &quot;Mirror, Mirror&quot; to slower, more melodic songs like &quot;Nightfall&quot; and &quot;Blood Tears&quot;.  This album is not only a necesity for every Blind Guardian fan, but also for every metal fan.
B000002KHY|5.0|As a 21 year old guy, I'm expected to listen to hip and contemporary acts.  Sorry.  Howard Stern (of all people) turned me on to Mr. Taylor's music a few years back.  He was telling a rather sweet story about his youth involving a girl and listening to James Taylor's music.  The hauntingly beautiful song &quot;Woodstock&quot; (not on this album) was playing in the background.  Immediately, I went out to buy some of J.T.'s music and picked up his Greatest Hits CD.<br />Every song is so beautifully performed, both in lyrics and melody.  Simple yet highly evocative -- you feel like you're walking in the Berkshires on a perfect summer day when listening to &quot;Sweet Baby James&quot;.  Other than &quot;Steamroller&quot;, this isn't a jump up and dance album.  It's mellow and smooth, something to listen to when you just want to be quietly content and smile at the beauty to be found in this world.
0804106304|4.0|The book has been reviewed so many times over that I'm pretty sure this'll be buried somewhere in the 500th page. But I had to write this... The Joy Luck Club is yet another example of the vibrant immigrant literature that has thrived in the melting pot called the United States. It's a remarkable book, not only for its manner of narration or its subject matter, but because every woman who reads it will be able to identify with at least a section of it, no matter which part of the world she belongs to. This should not, however, relegate this gem of a book to that much-reviled 'feminist literature' section; it's that and much more. However, it'd require a man of special sensitivity/maturity to enjoy this book as a woman would. Tan is a remarkable story-teller and she tells a remarkable story. She describes the wiles and the strength of two generations of Chinese-American women with a fascinating detachment -- and because she doesn't judge her characters, the reader is free to make what she wants of the protagonists. I picked up The Joy Luck Club because The Bonesetter's Daughter, which I wanted, wasn't available. And thank god for that -- otherwise I wouldn't know what I'd been missing.
0792844793|4.0|I'm surprised that for all that's been said about this film that nobody's realized that it's essentially a 50s gang flick with the point of view shifted and with a strong dose of honesty.<br />Surreal is an unfair description of this film; there are certainly some bizarre moments, but it's not as if this is a sequel to &quot;Un Chien Andalou.&quot;  What it is is a very odd little crime thriller.<br />It's well-acted and excellently written and directed.  Not for those who think good movies are all problem plays, but otherwise excellent.
B000006U44|5.0|One thing i know for sure, is that Kate Bush is a SUPERIOR human being, her music is beyond spectuacular!! I cannot express words that could do justice but my favourite songs to be found here are *Oh to be in love* *the man with the child in his eyes* *james* *l'amour* *room for the life* *kick inside* and *them heavy people*. Yes im aware that i mentioned half the album, but what an album it is!! Rarely can you find one where every song is a gem and timeless, at that......
B000002LUB|4.0|The 1990's was a lackluster decade for Metal releases - &quot;Dehumanizer&quot; is certainly one of the highlights. Dio's voice is as powerful as ever and Iommi's guitar sound is absolutely in your face. There's no real mainstream, radio friendly tune here and keyboards are almost non-existent. Iommi must be given credit for taking Sabbath in many different directions and feeding from the strengths of the people in each different line-up. This disc obviously combines Dio's current Style (which is darker and heavier than his 80's style)and Iommi's re-kindling with his Ozzy-era, Sabbath style.   Geezer Butler is also on this album (although more subtle that usual) which explains much of the throwback sound to earlier times. Stand out tracks are: -&quot;TV Crimes&quot; a speedy number that threatens to continuously headbang you into submission; &quot;Time Machine&quot; - a catchy, rocker; &quot;I&quot; and &quot;Sins of the Father&quot; - examples which reiterate that the brand &quot;Black Sabbath&quot; are the originators of simple-but-evil rock. This is highly recommended to anyone who loves/loved Dio-era Sabbath (like me !)
B0000542DJ|5.0|This is a cinematic masterpiece by Oliver Stone. I think that this film along with the Doors and Platoon rank among his best works. Stone certainly does capture the essence of the 1960s America. I bet that he could easily remake Easy Rider and it might top the original! Film is based on the late Jim Garrison's memoirs and Jim Marr's &quot;Crossfire&quot;. There is a cast of a thousands in this one(COSTNER, JONES, PESCI, SPACEK, LEMMON, MATTHAU, CANDY, BACON, SUTHERLAND) and includes excellent music by John Williams. JFK won a well deserved OSCAR for editing and it shows. There is a unique and quite riveting mix of actual footage with re-created footage of assassination in Dallas.      The collector's edition includes several plusses. The theatrical trailer is just as riveting as film itself. The B- disk includes several deleted scenes. I felt that Stone should have left in the scene involving the Colorado businessman offering Garrison a bribe if he would stop the investigation. There is a sequence involving man-X that was the original ending(Stone felt, initially, that the Man-X and Costner exchange needed an intermission in order for audiences to absorb all of that intense information connecting the military-Pentagon involvment) of the film, and there was a great deal of ending credits that were cut explaining how Garrison was indicted for bribery following the Shaw Trial, de Mohrenschildt's suicide, divorce of Jim and Liz Garrison in 1978, etc. There is a director commentary option as well that is interesting.      The collector's edition sound is good quality, but use of rear channels does seem limited. I have the VHS and there is more of a surround effect on it! Picture quality is excellent, and highlights the use of the light coloring at the beginning and color increases as we are taken to 3 years after assassination(notice how the color changes during the beginning of scene with Senator Long(Matthau) and Garrison), and Stone explains why this was done on the commentary disk. The b-Disk includes an interview with Col. Fletcher Prouty.
B000000W3G|5.0|Hey peoples! Don't buy the bad reviews certain &quot;fans&quot; are giving this set... This set(although yes, I agree is a bit overpriced) boasts tracks that in my opinion defeat several times over all of the tracks from Gish and several of the tracks from Siamese Dream... It makes a great companion &quot;album&quot; to Mellon Collie, as well... Think of them as two sides of a window... But then again, I dig some of Adore, so, I may be wrong. But I strongly reccomend this boxed set, assuming you have the cash and resources to purchase it. Anyway, I've said my peace. Ciao.
B00005AW41|5.0|It took a long time for these french dudes to make a new cd, but it was worth waiting. Homework was already great, but Discovery is simply OUTSTANDING! With a great beat &amp; sfx (like the &quot;ahhhh&quot; in &quot;One More Time&quot;), this is one of the best dance-dj cds of all time. And the amazing artwork is simply one of the best piece of japanese cartoon ever; with a great storyline &amp; fantastic colours, it has everything to do with the songs, it's as if the songs merged into a story. A must buy.
B000006MS3|5.0|Aaaaahh, the Dreaming. What can i say?? Many say this is Kate's finest work, and it is certainly not hard to see why. From the manic Sat in your lap, The Dreaming, Houdini and Get out of my house, to the Night of the swallow which has possibly the best ending ive ever heard to a song, to the VERY ahead of her time 'Leave it open', to the BEST song on the album (IMHO!!) *Suspended in Gaffa* ( you must buy the album for this song alone, if nothing else!!) to the over the top imagination in 'there goes a tenner', to the most haunting song on the album 'All the love' and to the song which shouldnt fit in but fits in more than anything 'pull out the pin'!!! This is a truly flawless album which you can really listen to over and over and over, there always seems to be a song which fits the mood, and theres always a song which you dont want to hear more than anything in the world but do anyway because its just SO addictive and grand!!! Well all i can say is get this album, there is nothing else you need to buy (apart from all of Kates other albums of course!! )
B00003CXBK|4.0|The sound track was originally what got me to watch this movie. {I'm in fact listening to it now} The music has a touch to it that has both combat feeling and that shivering feeling you get when your character is in serious trouble or in such a tremendous situation. <br />I liked the animation and the story was pretty good. They did seem to drag it on a little bit in the end, but overall I'd recommend getting this on DVD.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Staring at the complex college of abstract, closeup photos that make up the cover, I unfold the CD jacker to my new Pearl Jam CD. It reveals a picture of the band jamming and two sleeves. In one is a smaller sleeve containing nine polaroids with lyrics on the back. Without hearing a note of Pearl Jam's underrated 96 effort, I am impressed. In the opposite sleeve is the disc, also covered in cryptic artwork. I put it in and an a quiet guitar or two pluck out the first notes of the ballady Sometimes. It has a slow feel and Eddie seams to be whispering the words through a good portion of the tune. It gives way to the fast rocker Hail Hail, where singer Eddie Vedder salutes those in love. This song is vintage Pearl Jam. It may not fit on Ten, but it would wasily fit on Vs. or Vitalogy. Nothing strange or unusual so far. No experiments. As Hail Hail ends, an Eastern Drum and Bass line come in under some intricate guitar playing. The song, Who You Are, starts slow and laidback, though seems to crescendo and speed up right before it fades away. The next tune, In My Tree, is very similar, with a tight bass line and Eastern drums and rythems, though the crescendo is far more obvious and the guitars more straight forward and rocking. Next comes Smile, a Neil Youngish blues ditty with about six total lyrics repeated a whole buncha times. It features a harmonica (courtesey of Ed) and very straight forward blues guitars, distorted to prefection. Off He Goes seems to be about Eddie singing about himself in the third person over a gentle accoustic ballad that swyas and stays quiet and slow. It kind of almost has a folky feel to it. Habit is another rocker, fast, sludgy guitars, breakneck drumming, screaming vocals (about addiction this time around) and throbbing bass lines. Red Mosquito is a slower rocker, again with a blues feel. This one has tons of guitat effects and often changes tempo and volume gracefully, and constantly switches from electric and accoustic. Lukin is one minute of pure hard rock with indecipherably lyrics (no polaroid for this one) and thrashing guitars almost as distorted as Eddie's uncharacteristly scratchy voice. Present Tense is a nearly six minute ballad that opens with quiet guitars that (you guessed it) magnificently cresendo and increase in pace from the dead slow opening to the nodding climax, and then it goes back down again. Mankind is a pop-punk rocker sung by rythem guitarist Stone Gossard. While Stone isn't the greatest vocalist, it's a change in pace from Eddie's deep throated pipes. Plus the songs so damn catchy, its easy to like. I'm Open is Eddie talking (yes, talking) about a man and his wasted life over surreal and floaty guitars. The song is ultimatly saved by the chorus, a singing of the title line in a Vedder falsetto, and the nice guitat work. The finale is a calypsoy lullaby that Eddie wrote. Personally, I have no idea why this album sold so poorly and was so unliked. Its not all whimpy ballads like it was believed to be. It has several possible hits (Hail Hail, Mankind, Habit, Present Tense) and little filler ( I'm Open). However, if you're new to Pearl Jam I would start with something like Ten, Vs. or Yeild. But fellow PJ fans, this album's for you.
B00004Z459|4.0|When i bought this CD, i expected more songs like the single, &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, but what i got was much different. My expectations were set lower than the actual caliber of this record.  My favorites are &quot;Points of Authority&quot; and &quot;In the End&quot;. I really like this CD but how can you be a rock band w/out a bassist?  The mixing is good but a real bass slapper would be much more superior than this electronic ....  My least favorite song, is &quot;Cure For the Itch&quot;, althougth it is good, the rest of the songs downplay the only instrumental.  I would reccomend this CD to anyone who likes good music.  I look forward to hearing more of Linkin Park.<br />Another thing i like is that they don't drop F-bombs or say their band name every five seconds.
B000002U9E|5.0|Although this personally is not my favourite Kate album, its the one which the majority would go for (a tie with the Dreaming!!)and it is surely one hell of a good album!! Running up that hill is one of Kates best known songs and a perfect, original opener. Hounds of love is my favourite of the first half it is a gorgeous, unforgettable song, and i cant really understand why some people think this is the worst song on the cd!! The Big sky is another marvellous hit and Mother stands for comfort is the song which most are confused by, and cant understand how the theme fits in, i must admit it took me a while too, but now i think i get it :) Cloudbusting is one of the VERY highlights (although every song here is a stunner!!) you MUST here this song!! Dream of sheep is a beautiful ballad and Under ice, well now Kate's getting arty and i must admit that it pays off especially in Waking the Witch, another perfect song which gets a bit manic but calms down a bit for Watching you without me, this song i find to be the one of the most thought provoking songs on the album, Jig of life is my favourite on the album AFTER Hello earth which proves Kate is wonderfully superior, this certainly is a masterpeice!!!! Morning fog the ending which makes this a perfect album, as after hearing it the rest of the album starts to make a little more sense to me!! All i can say is, well this album is one of the best ever made and if you give it time to grow on you, you will surely never want to be without it!!!
0671034065|2.0|Smart, sassy, single female meets grouchy neighbor who could or could not be a criminal....a list of characteristics for the perfect man is made public, unleashing a psychopath with a penchant for murder...female and neighbor team up (he's actually a very good cop) to solve the mystery and save her life.<br />Fiction doesn't get much more boring than this.
B00003CXMG|5.0|This movie was absolutly great.It was well written and very well acted.Kate Hudson is most certainly going to have a very good career.This movie is for everyone.I absolutly love it.You will not be disapointed if you see this.A must see!!!!
B00004UEDQ|1.0|Hollywood films have long been the locus both of expression of asocial emotions and their discipline, rather than their genuine taming.  This was identified in the case of TV in the 1950s by Theodore Adorno who watched a woman in a &quot;quality&quot; USA program (probably one written for Playhouse Ninety) desire personal liberation, only to realize at the finish that her liberation consisted of...the conventions.  Adorno saw a lack of movement found in Jerry Seinfeld's cynicism about his friends' very ability to have meaningful lives, and this lack of movement exists in 28 Days.<br />28 Days is a disservice to people in recovery from alcohol and drugs.  Because of its deep structure it may itself cause people to relapse.<br />The most amusing part is the first five minutes in which Ms Bullock (an appealing *gamin* with an attractive vulnerability) trashes the wedding of her uptight sister in the company of her drunken boyfriend (apparently an Aussie, Brit or Kiwi who is later punched-out in good old Americano style by a more sober chap.)<br />Like old Three Stooges comedies in which the Republican dowager gets a pie in her face as a protest of real inequality (for in 28 Days, a dowager gets the canapes on her derriere), 28 Days cynically exploits real, if buried anger, against a classist binarism in which one is EITHER a free spirit, but economically disadvantaged, OR a sober resident in an &quot;upscale&quot; community.  <br />This is hegemonic for it equates spiritual recovery, and salvation itself, with a nice car and house as trashed by one's daemonic, but salvageable, kid sister.<br />Missing is the very possibility that alcohol and drugs enforce for material reasons (known as &quot;protecting one's supply&quot;) a great deal of highly conventional behavior, and that recovery can involve downward mobility.  <br />So attractive is the liberation of the first five minutes that many people in recovery may turn off the new DVD player after Ms Bullock trashes the wedding, go to the nearest bar, put The Clash on the juke-box, and get well and truly wasted.<br />Recovery is not a matter of images but of texts. It is no accident that recovering people talk amongst themselves and read books, rather than watch videos.  As the movie cleverly portrays, the very chemical effect of alcohol, its destruction of short-term memory, causes life to degenerate into freeze frames, at first snapshots of liberation, later on, of horror.<br />Anne Wilson Schaef has called aspects of our society, as replicated by the Hollywood dream factory, addictive, and the best movie about alcoholism (The Lost Weekend) failed at the last minute; for in the novel on which The Lost Weekend was based, the hero does NOT recover, whereas Ray Milland appears to.  28 Days is in the tradition of this dishonesty and in my (layman's) opinion, anybody who watches this film in early recovery is in danger of a slip.  People without addictive tendencies and people with a year of sobriety will be mildly diverted by Sandra's adventures, even in the rather boring recovery home (a home which, it should be noted, is completely unavailable to most addicts and alcoholics.)
B000007MVL|5.0|A very beautiful album, the atmosphere is wonderful. Still there are some people who just dont get it!! Sad, but true. Listning to songs like Symphony in blue, In search of Peter Pan, Hammer horror and ahem, Coffee Homeground, there is NO doubt in my mind that this woman has a gifted imagination and arent we lucky that she puts her inspiration into music??? The song Oh England My Lionheart is especially good. Also i must mention Fullhouse and Heartbrake, my favourites. Such a good album, that should not be overlooked and underrated!! In fact i would say this album is my favourite of them all, it transports me into another world, nothing else can quite do. To hear people badmouth it is upsetting but i guess its their loss....
0783222955|5.0|Our family's book club read Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird in March. What a marvel! To complement our discussion, we rented this film, which led to a second discussion about filmmaking and the whole &quot;the book was better than the movie&quot; conundrum.<br />One thing on which we all agreed was that the movie is a gem. My son also noted the following:<br />After our book dissusion, we saw the movie To Kill a Mockingbird. Through it, I learned that moviemakers condense characters so they don't have to introduce a large cast. For example, in the novel, Dill's aunt is actually Mrs.Rachel, but in the movie, the characters of  Mrs. Stephanie and Mrs. Rachel are combined. The Finch's large extended family is missing from the film, as are Scout's teachers and classmates. I also learned that a filmmaker may also have a different vision of a book's characters. My mental picture of the characters included Scout as a small girl with freckles and pigtails and Calpurnia as a pudgy old woman in glasses. The actors who portrayed them in the film differed greatly from what I imagined.
B00003CXMG|4.0|I did not see Almost Famous at the theater but looked forward to seeing the film on DVD.  I was not disappointed.  <br />From Patrick Fugit as William Miller, the young writer, to Frances McDormand as his mother, to Billy Crudup as the lead guitarist of the band that William goes on tour with, the performances are extraordinary.  When you add in Kate Hudson in a luminescent role as Penny Lane, a groupie (excuse me, Band-aid) and Philip Seymour Hoffman as the editor of Creem magazine, you have a film that is like a great desert.  You savor each scene, and can't wait to see what happens next.<br />The DVD is crisp in terms of audio and crystal clear in terms of video.  The soundtrack, which could have been either predictable or purposefully obtuse turns out to be just right.  If you can make it through the &quot;Tiny Dancer&quot; scene without a smile on your face, you are unsalvageable.  <br />I did not particularly enjoy the seventies.  I was exactly the age of William in this film, but actually enjoyed the music of the fifties and early sixties better at the time.  (I am the product of a family that listened to early Elvis, country, and classic fifties rock).  However, this film gives me an appreciation of the era.  <br />Cameron Crowe captures the feel of a segment of society that has come through the late sixties flower-power era and has developed a hard-edge, in things like their drug use and their attitudes towards money and success. At the same time, he portrays them as what they truly were - just kids who wanted to make music, write, be part of the scene, but, at the same time, realized that being successful at what they did was not necessarily a bad thing.<br />Buy this DVD and enjoy it.  It is not the perfect masterpiece that certain people have professed it to be, but it is darned close and that is more than I can say for most of the films I have seen in the last 5 years.
B000059MEK|1.0|This album is a total disappointment... The CD features two good songs, the rest you can throw away... You'd think they could come up with something pretty awesome after a three year break but don't bother with buying this one.
B00000DQSS|5.0|I must say this album is perfect, in my mind , it certainly needs no room for improvement. Babooshka, well what can i say, a true classic if there ever was one!!! Delius, is a perfect follow up, it is hard to describe but almost instrumental, and one of my favourites of all Kates work. Blow away is a song which starts off mysterious and has a a great ending, after continued play i found this to be one of my favourites. All we ever look for is a brilliant, original song with thought provoking lyrics and a memorable tune. Egypt is truly wonderful, and its songs like this i often find myself wondering how any person could make such music. The Wedding list is enough to make you not want to get married!!!!! And then comes Violin which i think is my favourite song on the album, it is very upbeat and bizzare, If you can find me a song crazier than gosh, i would love to hear it!!! Infant Kiss is simply GORGEOUS!!! Im not sure ive heard anything quite so haunting before in my life!! Army dreamers is one of Kates finest songs, and a perfect build up to THE song, BREATHING!!! Which is one of the best she has ever made. PERIOD. A perfect ending to a perfect album....
0446310786|5.0|In a recent writing assignment, my son noted:<br />My mom chose Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird as our family book club's March book. I flipped through, saw the number of pages, and thought, \\"Boring!\\" Later that night, I read the first page and discovered that the main character's brother was about my age and wanted to play football and own an air rifle. Then, a few days later, I continued reading and even though I found the writing a little \\"fancy,\\" I was finally able to find the beauty of Lee's book - it's a pretty \\"grown-up\\" story, but it's seen through the eyes of kids like me. That makes hard subjects easier to understand, which makes the book so much more interesting.<br />The novel is told from a young girl's perspective. Because the theme of racism, the subject of rape, and the idea of injustice are a little \\"over the top\\" - even for bright readers -Lee chose a young narrator to tell the story of a black man falsely accused of raping a young white woman and one man's fight to free him. If the story had been told by an adult, readers would have to suffer through the unnecessary chit-chat, opinions, and worries of that perspective. Seeing Maycomb County through Scout's innocent eyes, however, prevents this \\"masterpiece of American literature\\" from being an \\"I-had-to-read-it\\" sort of book.<br />Scout, her brother Jem, and their father form one of many families of Maycomb County, Alabama. In that southern state during the Great Depression, \\"[t]here was no hurry for there was nowhere to go, nothing to buy, and no money to buy it with, nothing to see outside the boundaries of Maycomb County.\\" As the novel begins, Scout is six and about to start school, where she will be criticized for coming to class already knowing how to read and write. Her young teacher scolds Scout: \\"Now you tell your father not to teach you anymore. It's best to begin reading with a fresh mind. You tell him I'll take over from here and try to undo the damage.\\" (p. 17) Jem, a fifth-grader,allows his sister to join him in many of his adventures, including his plans with Dill to make Boo Radley come out. But he thinks Scout \\"is getting more like a girl every day.\\" (p. 52) The children's father, Atticus Finch, is a state legislator and one of the county's leading lawyers. He is selected to defend Tom Robinson, a Negro accused of rape.<br />Racism still exists today, but the problems don't compare to those described in To Kill a Mocking Bird. The main problem seems to be that Negroes are considered the least human of four kinds of people. As Jem tells Scout, \\"There's four kinds of folks in the world. There's the ordinary kind like us and the neighbors, there's the kind like the Cunninghams out in the woods, the kind like the Ewells down at the dump, and the Negroes.\\" (p. 226) To make the point about Negroes being somehow less important than other folks, the author tells Tom's story. He is a Negro whose left arm is stripped of muscle from a childhood accident. He stops to help nineteen-year-old Mayella Ewell with several chores because, as Tom admits at his trial, \\"I felt right sorry for her, she seemed to try more'n the rest of `em\\" - referring to her family, who gathers their supplies from the nearby dump and whose father is a drunkard who beats them. When Bob Ewell catches his daughter hugging the black man, he accuses Tom of raping Mayella to save their family from disgrace. \\"And so a quiet, respectable, humble Negro who had the unmitigated temerity to `feel sorry' for a white woman has had to put his word against two white people's.\\" (p. 204) Atticus Finch does his best to make Tom a free man. His efforts, though, only buy more time from the jury, which still returns a guilty verdict. Unlike her brother, Scout believes that \\"there's just one kind of folks. Folks.\\" But Tom still ends up dead - shot as he tries to escape from punishment for a crime he did not (could not) commit.   To Kill a Mockingbird could be a pretty \\"heavy\\" book for young readers if it only concentrated on racism, rape, and Atticus Finch's unsuccessful attempt to free an innocent man. So Lee combines the story of Tom Robinson with the mythology surrounding the inscrutable Mr. Arthur Radley, whom Jem, Scout, and their summertime friend Dill call Boo Radley. One story about Boo is that he stabbed his father with scissors while cutting newspapers for his scrapbook. Another story has Boo scratching neighbors' door screens. Yet another says that he eats squirrels. Kids love creepy stories, and the antics of the three friends as they try to make Boo come out of his house give the novel light and humor.<br />Although I had a rough time \\"getting into\\" To Kill a Mockingbird, when I finally did I was surprised by how good it was. By the way, the book has such a cool title. I didn't understand it at all when I began the book. Then, in chapter 10, I realized where the title came from. \\"Mockingbirds don't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corncribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.\\" (p. 90) But not until Scout says to her father, \\"Well, it'd be sort of like shootin' a mockingbird, wouldn't it?\\" (p. 270), did I realize who the book's mockingbirds were. I will read this book with my children someday and hope they will with theirs.
B00003W8NM|4.0|The first rule of fight club is that you love it.  The second rule of fight club is you hate it.  The problem with reveiwing this film is it appeals to you on many levels. To strip away the veneer.  Bored insomniac meets wild charismatic salesman.  Neither have been in a fight before so they fight.  It gives them both a high they have never experienced.  Soon others are involved and it spirals out of control. The film then becomes more deep as it explores the fears and thoughts and indeed the personas of the main characters.   Many people have blasted the film for it's violence, but more people are wasted in the first few frames of your average Arnie or Bruce flick.   It's funny, but not a comedy, it's unsettling but not scary.  However when you have watched it two things will happen. You will want to watch it again and you will want to talk about it to someone irrespective of whether you think it is clever or peurile.  And that is what entertainment is all about.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|This is one good album, probably even better. However, this is not among the great albums of all time. This is a wonderful recording and it combines some of the great elements of their previous work and adds new flavor to the rock landscape. However, this is not for everyone. While it is pretty hard throughout the album, 3 songs (Quarantined,Invalid Litter Dept., and Non-Zero Possibility) break the hard rock in a hurry and some people won't buy it. Another thing is the lyrics. At first, they seem like gibberish, but after awhile, you'll be wondering what the hell do they mean? This is a great Major Studio Debut, but not a great album. Hopefully, ATDI while come back from their hiatus soon and make a better album
B000002U8G|5.0|When I read the newest review, where he said, &quot;a bit of everything, Pink Floyd style&quot;, that's when I finally got it. Yeah, if you listen to every song on this album, you will see, it is, like he said, everything, Pink Floyd style. You have hard rock, Pink Floyd style, then Folk, Pink Floyd style, then Country, Pink Floyd style, then cocktail jazz, Pink Floyd style, then Blues, Pink Floyd style, then Echoes..... Which is Pink Floyd, Pink Floyd style!! Hell yeah !
0783242808|2.0|First the disclaimer, perhaps being English so no high school or prom night and being the wrong side of 30 I missed the point but a lot of this I had already seen in the 80's in Porky's and Lemon Popsicle etc. The story is simple.  4 guys agree to lose their virginity by prom night.  Hence lots of trying too hard and lots of failure.  The funny parts were laugh out loud funny admittedly.  The father explaining the art of masturbation to his horrified son and the guy referring to a sex bible whist the girl is unaware were extremely clever.  I am not sure that the supposed tender scenes and realisation that sex is well just sex really worked in a teenage movie.  But judging from the reviews and sales I am in a minority but there were just too many unfunny moments.
B000059HCI|5.0|This movie is so real. This movie shows how life really gets when you use drugs. Every situation in this movie is so real. I couldn't even sit up straight in the movie theatre becasue it was so real. I couldn't speak for two hours after the movie because I was in such shock about how real it was.
B000000WA4|5.0|In my opinion, this is the pumpkin's best album,though a lot of their albums are so different, that it's impossible to really compare each and everyone of them.  while gish and machina are more hard-core, guitars, almost-heavy metal sounds, albums such as adore and some of mcis are dark, droomy, technoish.  <br />MCIS is the best pumpkins album b/c at a time when rock music was still fashionably popular, everyone was a pumpkins fan.  and this album's success and popularity is proof of that.  over 6 million copies, who knows how many now.  what makes this album so great is it's innovataion, variety, and most of all-ability to keep the listener entertained.  no two songs sound the same.  some favorite tracks on this album are tonight tonight, porcelina of the vast oceans, thirty-three, 1979, and cupid de locke(for some reason i don't know why.) though my music taste may be a bit off, b/c i liked adore better than machina or gish...i think what attributed to the pumpkin's success back then was that everyone had a rock album, people liked rock, and so forth...now the pumpkin's prime fan base back then is into nsync and britney [....]  just astounds me.  <br />if you want to hear their pumpkins at their best, get this album.  though many will say that siamese dream was their best, i beg to differ.  SD was good, very good, but when you listen to the two albums, MCIS comes across as more innovative, different, and personal than its predecessors.  especially tracks that don't receive a lot of attention, (now if you don't like to hear corgan whine-maybe they aren't so good)but his whine works well in some songs.  the best part about pumpkins music, the unique sounds they achieve each time they record an album.  <br />All in all, MCIS is the best pumpkins album.  from descending order of best albums MCIS, siamese dream, adore, gish, and machina...pisces iscariot and Aeroplane flies high don't count, b/c they weren't really albums...persay...more like b-tracks and unreleased stuff.  I just didnt like machina, I don't know how the pumpkins went from techno back to drums and heavy-metal music...anywho, turn on your cd-player at 12 at night, get this album and play this album full-through, and just sit in bed-the effect is unlike anything.  beware, you can fall asleep on tracks form twilight to starlight.
0515127485|4.0|This is a compelling page-turner that will keep you up at night.  If you enjoy cold-war thrillers, Robert Harris has figured out how to bring them back to life in this post cold-war era.  This book has an outstanding plot tied to a secret notebook that was supposedly stolen from Stalin on the day that he died.  From the moment we learn of this missing notebook (on about page 2) through to the last page, Harris takes us on a wild ride from Moscow through the Northern reaches of what used to be know as The Soviet Union.  The story never slows.<br />Harris is a masterful fiction writer.  He uses words that paint pictures so vivid that we feel we are with the characters.  He weaves historical facts into a wonderful tale that had me reading every free minute over the course of three days.  If you are looking for an exciting piece of fiction, don't miss adding this book to your reading list.
0767824571|5.0|Ni, Run Away, Sir Robin, King Arthur, The best movie ever made. This is even better than Dumb and Dumber. The whole movie is die of laughter funny and even after I have seen it a billion times i still laugh through the whole movie. If you don't have it yet BUY THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0000214F0|5.0|Like a naive idiot, I thought this movie would be some great historical epic like BEN HUR or SPARTICUS.  Boy, was I surprised!<br />For any other naive idiots out there:  THIS IS NOT BEN HUR!!!<br />I had to give it 5 stars because it out does itself in it's genre -- but be sure you know what that genre is (pure porn) before you have the family over to watch it for Easter dinner.  As far as cinematography, symbolism, poetry, and all the other elements to great movie storytelling, I'd have to give it 0.  None of that is in there.  Historical accuracy?  Another 0.  Did everything from incest to bestiality (anybody notice the horse in his bed) really go on in ancient Rome (especially concerning the real Caligula)?  Absolutely!  But this is a very surreal and I'd have to say &quot;campy&quot; version.  As a history buff, I have a tendency to believe the infamous orgies were much more similar to our frat parties and spring breaks (run-amok, of course) of today.  That's kind of what I expected in this movie.  I didn't expect to be vomitus.  The 5 stars would have to go for Malcolm McDowell, too.  He was great!  Aside from the porn, the one thing I think the filmmakers were very successful with was in conveying Caligula's madness.<br />If I had to compare this with another movie that might fit into this category, THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE, AND HER LOVER, I'd give that 5 stars and this 0 for filmmaking, but if sex is what you want, there is no other like CALIGULA!!!  (If you liked the morbidness of this film, you might also try TITUS with Anthony Hopkins.)<br />P.S.  Did all the phallic statues (which I thought was quite a bit overdone) in this movie remind anyone else of CLOCKWORK ORANGE?
B00003CXE6|5.0|This is the absolute best movie to come along in a long time! If you've seen it in the theater, and aren't sure if it will be the same at home, I am reassuring you, yes!! I own it, and even on my 20&quot; T.V.,it was exciting and stiill able to make me cry! You have got to get this movie!!!
1878424319|5.0|This book was sent to me by a friend from Arizona while I was on an art tour in Florida. In my spare moments, this book was so hard to put down. It is easy to read, well woven, and ending in  a splendid conclusion: breathe the fresh air as love! And I felt it! I has wished this was a highschool companion as my soul could use it back then in this peer pressure society. This is truly a delightful and must read book! Sweeping and transforming!
0684867621|3.0|Trisha is out for a hike in the vast woods of Maine with her mom and brother when she finds herself lost and alone. What follows is a trek that covers more miles than this nine year old should have to face alone, with only a pittance of food and a walkman on which she is lulled to normality by listening to the exploits of her favorite baseball team and pitcher, Tom Gordon. What starts out as a little girl trying to cope with a difficult situation ends up being a horrifying expedition leading to hallucinations. Along the way she finds the bloody remains of mauled animal carcasses, and there is this ever-present feeling that she is being stalked.<br />I admit it was a page-turner, I wanted to know what would happen next, but it was mild compared to some of King's books. I enjoyed how the author developed the main character's change in mentation; we slowly watch her get weaker. The more time that passed the more Trisha's thought process and fears became warped and out of proportion.  This book is a short quick read you can probably finish in a day.  ....
B000056NX4|5.0|I was a little apprehensive about seeing this wonderful play on the small screen, but turned out to be pleasantly surprised.  Close-ups of the actor's faces allowed them to show things you wouldn't normally see in a stage production.  They were able to show their acting skills as well as singing skills.  Jerome Pradon's Judas was especially enjoyable - he really made you feel Judas' confusion, pain and guilt.  The rest of the cast did an excellent job as well, except for Rik Mayall - I wasn't sure what he was thinking when he took on the part of King Herod.  Renee Castle's Mary Magdalene was one of the best I've seen. It was nice being able to share this with my children as well, although they usually turn it off before the crucifixion and rewind it to start over.  We probably watched it 10 times the first weekend we bought it.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Ok, first, let me start off with how disgusted I am with some of my fellow amazon reviewers for giving this movie 1 star because they thought it was too controversial. The movie is brilliant. I think from reading the reviews of other intelligent people, you already know incredible this movie really was. However, for whatever reason, whether it was because it was too blunt in the way they expressed american life or whatever it was, you must at least give kudos to the acting and cinematography. I am also surprised at how a couple of people had no cons to complain about and wrote nothing but compliments only gave the movie 4 stars. This movie deserves all the stars in the world. The man was lusting for a teenage girl... is that really that far removed from the way men really think? I also saw a reviewer put a con of the movie as &quot;the girl was weird&quot;... what the hell does that have to do with good movie making? One reviewer was right. Intelligent people find this movie outstanding. Morons find this movie &quot;horrible, too weird, yucky, ME NOT LIKE, TOO BRILLIANT FOR ME SMALL BRAIN&quot;. I'm sorry... after watching american beauty get the ratings it deserved, 1 star reviewers started popping up.. i tried to resist flaming but I just could not. <br />Ooh by the way, get this movie! I have it, I've watched it countless times, each time no less enjoyable than the last and I still watch it. (P.S, Kevin Spacey is the man)
0679746048|5.0|This is the true story of a women committed to an asylum in the 1960s.  It is fascinating and beautifully written and makes the reader think hard about the line between the &quot;sane&quot; and the &quot;insane.&quot;    As a manic depressive, I appreciated the book so much.  Susanna Kaysen writes about so many feelings that I've experienced, but have never been able to put into words.      We are so lucky that she has the ability and willingness to put these thoughts and feelings on paper for everyone to read.  Hopefully, this book will help people who haven't gone through similar things to understand what it's like to be told you're abnormal just because you don't fit into society's idea of what normal is.
B000001FS3|5.0|'The Joshua Tree' - what an album. Everyone must have it. Musicianship and the spirituality whole of the album is present above all. From 'Where the Streets Have No Name' to 'Mothers of the Disappeared', the whole album has a certain &quot;aura&quot; or &quot;karma&quot; about it. It is an incredible array of pure musicianship, coming from four guys trying to say something with tight, accesable, highly spiritual songs. The album has wonderful flow, and you can't help but think this would be one of the CD's you'd bring along if you had to choose one to take with you to that desolate island. I can't say any more, the CD speaks for itself with it's power, sublimity, humbleness, and, above all, love.
0688172377|5.0|The fascinating true story of the journey of an African woman who ran away from all she knew in order to escape being married off and becoming just another possession to a man whom she didn't love.
B000056K04|2.0|Is it better than 95% of what's out there in music today?  Yes.  Is it a good DMB album?  No.  Everyday is a glossy, poppy album, which finds the Dave Matthews Band becoming Dave Matthews, and His Band.  Horribly over-produced, and yet sickeningly thin-sounding, Everyday owes more to producer Glen Ballard than to the band itself.  How misguided to you have to be to TELL Carter Beauford what to play?  How arrogant do you have to be to distort Boyd Tinsley's violin to the point that it is unrecognizable, and then bury it in the mix (along with LeRoi Moore's saxaphone) so deep that the listener must strain to hear it?  Those problems, coupled with the fact that at least half the album is either musically boring, lyricly insipid, or derivitive of 80s arena rock leave me wondering what happened to the band that I have loved for the last 7 years of my life.  There are high points (When the World Ends, Dreams of Our Fathers, Fool to Think, So Right and Everyday to be exact, and even those songs have problems), but overall this album finds DMB abandoning all that made them unique and incredible, and settling for middle-of-the-road adult-conteporary pop/rock.  We can only pray that live versions of these songs are decent (although all evidence so far &lt;i.e. the SNL performance&gt; has been to the contrary).  <br />Do yourself a favor and go find someone to get you a copy of the Lillywhite Sessions.  Everything that Everyday lacks, they have in spades.  Yeah, they may be thematically darker, but they have more heart and soul in them than Everyday could ever hope for, plus the entire band gets to shine, not just Dave.
6305428387|5.0|This movie uses humor to protray a serious message.  The movie which is loosely based on the 1988 Jamaican Olympic Bobsled Team.  The movie shows the viewer that one can succeed if he/she believes in themselves.  The four Jamaicans who had never seem snow went to compete at the Olympics despite the objections of their country.  They gained respect for not giving up.  It shows that it doesn't matter if the odds are against you, you should try anyway.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is now one of the best, fast moving, and the most exciting bands out there now. With new styles of lyrics and music, this band has it all. Most of their songs, including surfacing, sic, and liberate can rock your world and keep you excited. If people dont know the real concept of rock, then go look somewheres else if anyone cares. Slipknot has taken over, and fans are waiting for there new album coming soon. I would recommend anyone who likes bands like Kittie and Static X. Believe me, this one is worth it.<br />By the way.....if they scare you...then you are a woose.
B00005A1PR|5.0|This CD is brilliant. I had the glory of having the CD 2 months before it came out. Ms. Arie just adds more flavor to the sound that everybody is coming around to. Her tribute to Stevie Wonder is off the hook. I wish her the best in the future and all who have this album, enjoy it, because you are listening to a future great! 1
B000002JNJ|5.0|After a few Glam-Rock influenced records, Pantera became the Band we know and love on this album. CFH and VDOP are two milestones on their own that definitely changed the definition of Metal. <br />Cowboys from Hell isn't as heavy as Vulgar Display, but the trademarks are there: Diambag's guitar power and blues-influenced solos, Vinnie's incredible drumming, and of course, Phil's awsome voice that compares to noone else! Countless singers tried to immitate him, but he is the only one that definitely gets the point across: All the anger, hate and frustration he writes in his lyrics, added with a voice that's also able to deliver those feelings without just screaming along. But there are somethings that make this one different from Vulgar Display : The songwriting is way better and more diverse than on the follow-up. Songs like &quot;Cemetery Gates&quot;, &quot;The Sleep&quot;, or &quot;Medicine Man&quot; where never heard by Pantera again, they traded  those mellow and diverse moments to more heavy and more brutal elements in their songs. In my opinion, Pantera didn't need that change. They made clowns out of themselves with album titles like &quot;the great southern trendkill&quot; or &quot;reinventing the steel&quot;. To me, this post-&quot;Far beyond&quot; Pantera aren't the Pantera I know and love, although they are pretty good. But I'd always put &quot;Cowboys&quot; and &quot;Display&quot; over those records.<br />So here you got it, as I said a small milestone for Metal in general ( Pantera prooved that Metal hasn't to be hair-viking-camp like Manowar or poser-crap like Poison or Bon Jovi ), and an amazing record in it's own right!
6303402348|5.0|this is a wonderful movie! Tom Hanks is great! the movie won a total of 6 Academy Awards. It's a great movie. WATCH IT!!
B00003CWTI|5.0|I'm 43, have seen a zillion movies, and this is one of the ones in my Top Ten Best Ever. And I almost didn't see it, because of so-so reviews, most of which talked about Tom Cruise. Not a big fan of Cruise, this movie made me realize what a powerful actor he is. He did NOT overshadow the rest of the actors or the movie.<br />See this movie. Sit back, and take it in as a View of Life. Powerful, powerful, powerful.
1577311523|5.0|This book is the most succinct, clear and profound presentation of fundamental spiritual truth that I have EVER read; and I have read a lot.  There is no ego here, no fluff; only Truth as clear and resounding as a temple bell, stated in a gentle, practical and supremely accessible manner.  If you want a sword that will cut through your illusions and confusions in one brilliant sweep, this is it.  I also highly recommend the unabridged audiobook version--both the book and tapes bear repeated reading/listening/digesting.
6302787297|5.0|With all of Ridley Scott's recent success with &quot;Gladiator&quot; and &quot;Hannibal&quot; why doesn't Hollywood rerelease &quot;1492: Conquest Of Paradise&quot; and make the money the film failed to gross in 1992. This film happens to be one of his best films, and not to many people have ever even seen this amazing film. I think that this film given the right media exposure would do better than it did back in 92. This film needs to conquer the rerelease market in Hollywood to proclaim it's magnificence. Now wouldn't you love to see Gerard and company on the big screen again, especially the wonderful scene in which the ships meet the New World. The raising of the bell, the war scenes, Utapan meets Columbus, Moxica's dive to death off of a cliff, the hurricane sequence, the lightning strike on the giant cross of the New World sequence, Columbus walking through the ocean to finally conquer what many thought he wouldn't. The New World. Just thinking about all those truly brilliant scenes makes me wish this was playing at the cinema again. Hey you never know. This film is a great movie and one that will haunt you forever. Fantastic. &quot;Gladiator&quot; , &quot;Blade Runner&quot; and &quot;1492&quot; among Scott's best. Hollywood you have a potential blockbuster on your hands. Think rerelease.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|This movie was surprisingly better than I expected it would be.  Seeing how those 'Scream' type movies got stale so fast, I figured it wouldn't be that good, but it was better than expected.  The directing was good, the scenes worked quite well, and the actors were all pretty well suited for their roles.  The movie was extremely funny, some of my faves included Cindy's quite 'untypical' father, and the scene at the movie theater.  The movie even contained a shock ending.  And Anna Faris has got to be the hottest actress in the business today.  However, the movie certainly wasn't perfect. My biggest gripe was the overuse of a certain part of the male anatomy. Seeing how the primary audience of this movie would be males, I don't see why they had to include that. However, outside of that, there was pretty much no problems at all.
630522577X|5.0|One of the best movies of the sixties. You must see this movie on DVD! BUY IT NOW!
B00004XOWM|2.0|I could really care less if a band &quot;sold out&quot; because music should sell well if it is good.  Now Significant Other was fairly good and a hell of a lot better than 3db, but CSF.. really has some just terrible things happening to it.  1. Fred Durst, you know you don't have to use the f word every 3 seconds to be considered cool.   2. The band has gotten lazy, they know damn well that their album will sell well and it seems that this whole album sounds like a demo tape.  3. The ego has grown...and grown...and grown...and grown...4. Hotdog, sorry but NIN is one of my favorite bands and I don't really consider it funny at all.<br />All in all it could've used some more time and some better songwriting.
B00004R9A4|1.0|Please do NOT buy this DVD.  This 30th anniversary DVD is NOT the LONG version (139 min.), but is the original SHORT version (117 min.).  Don't ask me why Disney released the long anniversary version on VHS and a short anniversary version on DVD, but we have to teach them a lesson and ....... this DVD and force them to issue the LONG version on DVD as well. I'm sure they have some greedy reason for it(a future &quot;special edition&quot; DVD to rake in more money from the.......... who bought this version).DONT BUY IT.
B000002BFZ|5.0|&quot;No Code,&quot; Pearl Jam's fourth record, is quite good, dispite recieving dissapointing professional reviews. There are many different moods to this record. The soft and mellow &quot;Off he goes,&quot; to their hardest rockin' song since &quot;Blood&quot; (from V.S.), Lukin. &quot;Smile,&quot; puts forth an alt-rock/blues combo, which is one of the stronger tracks on the record. &quot;Present Tense,&quot; is an excellent song to sum up the greater parts of this album, soft to hard. Not only is it a summary, &quot;Present Tense,&quot; is excellent on the record, and better live. Pearl Jam show their flexebility in &quot;Red Mosquito,&quot; a fun, rythmic track, very much like &quot;Smile,' in that it fuses classic Pearl Jam with rhythm &amp; blues. &quot;No Code,&quot; is a strong record with much to offer, but if you're looking for Pearl Jam, start with &quot;Ten,&quot; or &quot;V.S.&quot;
B00003CXN4|5.0|All of the great reviews, the Golden Globes, and the Oscars were nothing short of well-deserved in what is argueably the best film made in the past decade.  Steven Soderberg never fails to amaze motion picture-goers; and TRAFFIC is no exception.  The movie is set in multiple locations: Mexico, San Diego, Ohio, &amp; Washington D.C. (for the most part)  These are the settings in which the main characters deal with what each of them has in common... drugs.  Some sell it, some take it, and some try to stop others from selling and taking it.  For the most part, the top-billed actors which portray the main characters never really interact in the film.  However, in many cases, they somehow effect eachother's lives with what each is doing.  As complicated as TRAFFIC may sound, it really isn't.  But it does demand your attention span the entire 2 hours and 20 minutes.  But not only does it demand that attention, it holds it for the entire length of the film.  Never has a film given the viewer such an insight into a taboo, yet much talked about topic in the world today.  But the expirience is nothing if not incredible.
B0000028UK|5.0|&quot;Vs.&quot; is one of the best records of the 90s. Excluding &quot;Nevermind,&quot; and &quot;Ten,&quot; this may be the best. Though not as eclectic as &quot;No Code,&quot; &quot;Vs.&quot; offers a wide range of tunes. From the folk ballad &quot;Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town,&quot; to the hard rocking &quot;Blood,&quot; there is much to be heard on this album. The second track on the record &quot;Animal,&quot; is one of the best tracks Pearl Jam ever laid down, and it offers stark contrast to the following track &quot;Daughter.&quot; The band harkens back to their punk roots with songs like &quot;Leash,&quot; and show some funk influence as well (notice the guitar during much of &quot;Blood,&quot;). Because of its diversity, few albums, especially of the era, have the longevity of &quot;Vs.&quot; or &quot;Ten.&quot; Overall, &quot;Vs.&quot; is the best introduction to post &quot;Ten,' Pearl Jam there is, showing diverse musical influences, and it is appealing to many different audiences. Buy it, it is about as enjoyable a record as you'll find made in the last decade.
B000002LND|5.0|This cd is basically a &quot;best of&quot; of Madonna's dance hits from the '80s from &quot;Holiday&quot; to &quot;Express Yourself&quot;. You can't do no wrong with this collection. I purposely bought this cd solely for &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot; my all time favorite Madonna track pre-&quot;Ray of Light&quot; and &quot;Music&quot;. I wish &quot;True Blue&quot; was on the cd but I don't mind that it isn't. I noticed that the mixes for &quot;Vogue&quot; and &quot;Express Yourself&quot; is slightly different than the radio versions that I have grown accustomed to hearing. Not a big fan of &quot;Justify Your Love&quot; but that's just my personal taste. Overall enjoyable collection of Madonna's earlier music.
0553573403|5.0|I had thought that I wouldn't find another fantasy writer of Robert Jordan's caliber.  But then I picked this up and couldn't put it down.  It's very intense, gritty, and has more of a medieval feel than Jordan.  The best new sf/fantasy author I've come across in many years.
B000001DTM|5.0|I wasn't really a fan of U2 until I saw Jonas Akerlund's Beautiful Day video(I had loved Mysterious Ways but that's it).  With that one perfect, magnificient video I was hooked and dove headfirst into U2.  I am re-emerging at this time just to say that Achtung, Baby is my favorite album thus far.  Yes Joshua Tree perhaps captures a certain deep-rooted existential pain, and yes, Joshua Tree has probably the best three-song opening to an album ever, but Achtung beats it flat out in terms of complexity, musicianship, innovation and power.  Until the End of the World&quot; has one of the greatest guitar riffs ever.  Mysterious Ways&quot; is a work of genius, a song that by itself manages to imbue emotion into the generally emotionless anthem rock.  You won't forget its punchy guitar pulses any time soon.  <br />The sheer scope of the album's musical variety is amazing.  The acid-rock blasts The Fly&quot; and Zoo Station&quot;, the dark ballads Acrobat&quot; and So Cruel&quot;, the early electronica experiment Even Better than the Real Thing&quot; and of course U2's greatest masterpiece:  <br />&quot;One&quot; is a song that can't really be described, but I can tell you that this song by itself is worth the price of the album.  Any U2 fan will tell you that this is their best song.<br />Buy this.  Now.
B0000024SI|5.0|Neil Young is considered the founder of grunge. Anyone who grew up in the 60's, familiar with garage bands, or is familiar with the Nuggets series will have to consider this lp a cornerstone of garage rock. Dylan with &quot;61&quot; , along with Mick Jagger, inspired countless aspiring vocalists. The attitude, the sneer, the whine, the drawl, the wail, the attack, etc. Not to mention the instrumentation. Dylan noticed the gospel organ accompaniment of Al Kooper on &quot;Stone&quot; and ordered the producer to boost it up in the mix. Dylan also used it to great effect, in the Ray Charles influenced &quot;Thin Man.&quot; My favorite songs onthis are the oddball numbers that are never mentioned, &quot;Queen Jane&quot; and &quot;Buick 6&quot;. These would fit perfectly n any decent garage band collection. Another gem is &quot;A Lot to Laugh&quot;, a great modern blues tune and sung with great conviction and style. The closing track departs from the previous sounds and features accoustic instrumentation-two accoustic guitars and a stand up bass. The consesus was that Charlie McCoy played the &quot;El Paso&quot; guitar licks on this track, however Clinton Heylin's book &quot;Day by Day&quot; implies that it was Bruce Langhorne. Whoever plays it should be commended-it's a highlight of the album. Sound wise this cd is need for a reissue-hopefully this is forthcoming in Sony's plans.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This is a great movie!  I have heard many criticisms of the storyline, but I don't agree.  I have seen this film several times.  Sure, they took liberties with history and created a fictionalized story.  But there are no flaws within that story, wherein everything fits perfectly and the motivation for all that unfolds makes sense.  There is one, and only one, thing that I would change: the ending - and everyone who loves this movie knows what I mean!
6305546789|5.0|To call Halloween a &quot;slasher flick&quot; is to do an injustice to the film's creators and to the viewer.  Michael Myers IS a killer and he uses a knife, but there is more going on below the surface.  Also the film (like the infamous Texas Chainsaw Massacre) is almost devoid of on-screen blood or gore.<br />Halloween pioneered the use of point-of-view to build suspense.  You see through the killer's eyes.  When you see a potential victim, you think &quot;RUN! He's standing right where I am!&quot; and at the same time you know that Michael could just reach out and take them.  Will he?  Therein lies the suspense.<br />John Carpenter's use of color and lighting adds a dark atmosphere  highlighted by oranges and blues.  A livingroom lit only by a table lamp or a night time exterior lit only by the porchlight across the street.  These convince you that it's night, and you are vulnerable.<br />Maybe that is why most of the sequels fail.  They rely too much on gore or cheap gimics.  The night time in Halloween looks like the night time outside your home.  It is populated by shadows.  In Halloween one of those shadows is alive.  It's a sly move to call Michael Myers &quot;the Shape&quot;, because that is what he is.  A shape moving among the shadows, and then he's gone.<br />Anyone who is sqeamish and has avoided Halloween for fear of being revolted, should rest assured that this is a movie based more on suspense than horror.<br />I saw Halloween for the first time on a Halloween night in 1982.  I have watched it on Halloween night almost every year since then.  So lock your doors and pop Halloween into your VCR or DVD player.
0679879269|5.0|Pullman is one of the greatest writers i have encountered in my life. When i  began reading this series, i was skeptical, but after the first few pages i was captivated. i could not put it down, and continue rereading it. I suggest this book as one of the best books you will ever read.
0440234743|4.0|Being only 15, I thought The Testamant would be too difficult to understand, since it talked about lawyers and there battle with the will, but John Grisham did an excellent job writting his new book. I was not once bored with the story. An old man who has 11 billion dollars in the bank and makes a will that sends it all to a woman deep in the jungle...awesome. Nate O'Riley, the man sent to find this woman in the jungle, just out of re-hab, adds a nice twist to the plot. It's an excellent read, but one thing got me dissapointed. The Testamant ended just to quickly. It just drops all of a sudden and leaves you hanging while scratching your head. But, other than that, this book is one of the best i've read in a while. Pick it up!
B00004XOWM|1.0|Quite possibly the worst album of 2000, and that's saying a lot, since there has been some pretty bad albums. I'm sick and tired of all this rapmetal/numetal garbage. There are good rap/hip hop albums you can buy, and there are some good hard rock/heavy metal albums you can buy. Sure, it was new and inventive when Anthrax and Biohazard did it(that's right kids, they invented it) , but all the bands who do it now suck. Limp Bizkit is one of the many bands right now who are just riding off of KoRn and Rage's success(both of those bands rule). I think it's funny how the real MC's on this album make Fred look even worse at rapping that he already is. and Who does Fred think he is trying to mock Trent Reznor? Trent Reznor is everything that Fred wishes that he could be. Let's do a brief comparison: Trent Reznor has been in Nine Inch Nails for 11 years, and is acclaimed by both fans and critics alike as a musical genius, Fred Durst is just an idiot who has only been around for a few years, and who is just cashing in on KoRn and Rages success, and who uses the &quot;F word&quot; every other word in a song just because he can't think of any other lyrics. Try getting Mer De Noms, by A Perfect Circle, White Pony, by the Deftones, Master of Puppets, by Metallica, or save up for the new Tool album, don't buy this Garbage.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I don't know what all you ppl are complaining about!! I thought this movie was REALLY good!! I especially liked the scene where Hunt (Tom Cruise) is rock climbing!! I think that was awesome! <br />At least give this movie a chance and rent it before you write it off as a terrible movie and a waste of time.<br />Again, I LUVED IT!!!!!!
B000002H33|5.0|This album is a classic, a masterpiece. This is Metallica at their best, not like the softer stuff they play now. I saw them at Summer Sanitarium, and they are amazing. When you hear them play the beginning riff on &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; live, it is a feeling like no other.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I DON'T GET ALL OF THESE DIMWITS SAYING GREENDAY SOLD OUT NOW THEY ARE POP. THIS ALBUM ROCKS BECAUSE GREENDAY AT LEAST HAS THE GUTS TO GO OUT AND EXPIRMENT WITH DIFFERENT THINGS. IF GD WHERE SELLOUTS THEN THEY WOULD KEEP ON RELEASEING CD'S JUST LIKE DOOKIE SO THEY CAN SELL MILLIONS OF CDS BUT THEN YOU WOULD GET ALL TIRED OF THEM AND THEY WOULD BE OUT OF A JOB. DON'T GET ME WRONG I THINK DOOKIE IS A GREAT ALBUM AND IS ONE OF THEIR BEST. IT JUST PISSES ME OFF FOR PEOPLE TO CALL THEM SELLOUTS BECAUSE THEY WANT TO MAKE A LIVING. GREENDAY ROCKS AND ARE IN A CLASS ALL BY THEMSELF SO LEAVE THE GREATEST BAND IN THE WORLD ALONE. LOOK AT LIMP BIZKIT AND TELL ME THEY DIDN'T SELLOUT I MEAN THEIR NEW ALBUM SOUNDS JUST LIKE THEIR OLD ALBUM'S OH BUT THEY ARE STILL HARD CORE BECAUSE THEY MAKE FUN OF OTHER GROUPS LIKE CREED WHICH KEEPS ON REINVENTING THEMSELFS. SO IF GREENDAY EXPIRMENTING WITH NEW SOUNDS MEANS THEY HAVE SOLD OUT THEN GOD'S SPEED TO THE GREATEST TRIO IN THE BUSINESS TODAY AND EVER. <br />GREENDAYS BIGGEST FAN.<br />P.S. THANKS FOR YOUR TIME.
B000002LND|5.0|It is an excellant c.d.of classics
B00000IAU3|5.0|If you take a look at the music that is popular right now you'll see a whole lot of bubblegum pop, boy bands, and meaningless lyrics.  I miss the days of ACTUAL bands (the ones that play their own instruments) and powerful words that take your breath away.  Okay, Dido does not play her own instrument (for this style of music I suggest Toad the Wet Sprocket) but her voice and lyrics combined make up for that.  She got her fame from &quot;Here With Me&quot; and the first verse of &quot;Thank You&quot; (the chorus in Eminem's &quot;Stan&quot;) but her other songs are just as great, if not better.  I bought this CD and found it exceptional (a word accomplished by only Moby's &quot;Play&quot; and Alanis Morrissette's &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot;) and couldn't stop listening.  EVERY SINGLE track is powerful, beautiful and real.  I like that Dido isn't trying to be a Britney clone like some girls.  You will not be disappointed by this CD if you're tired of Top 40 station quality music.
B00003CXE6|4.0|I loved the way this picture draws the viewer into ancient Rome, and dramatizes the vastness of the empire and the city.  I loved Joaquin Phoenix's portrayal of the emperor Commodus as a young man on the very edge of sanity.  But the movie would not have won an Oscar without the unconventional artistic touches: the use of musical and visual motifs to recall early parts of the story; the use of color and contrasts in the final scene; and the manner in which Maximus's wife and son are depicted when he returns home.<br />I'm especially glad that the writers and director resisted the temptation to throw in &quot;silly&quot; scenes (like the ridiculous mooning scene in &quot;Braveheart&quot;).  &quot;Gladiator&quot; has no comic relief at all, so that you get the full impact of each scene.<br />Criticisms: First, Russell Crowe's performance is almost entirely physical.  He spends most of the movie leaning on the performances of other cast members.  Second, It's unclear why the story continues after Maximus reveals himself to Commodus.  I would expect the story to end there, but it doesn't.  As for the historical inaccuracies, who cares? &quot;Hamlet&quot; isn't historically accurate either.<br />If you buy the recording, be sure you have a big screen to watch it on, because otherwise you'll miss the epic feel of the picture.
B0000025KI|5.0|This album put Springsteen on the radar screen for me. His earlier albums were too Dylan-like and could not compare with the likes of Bob Seger. This album is the first where he really uses the E Street Band to their fullest. That rock sound is what caught my attention and made me understand the Newsweek/Time covers of 1975 proclaiming him the \\"future of rock n roll\\". Springsteen would follow this album with two masterpieces: BUSA and LIVE, which allowed him to leapfrog to rock stardom. For purists, I know that I skipped \\"Nebraska\\" but I like to think he was able to overcome that record. I will state one favorable thing about \\"Nebraska\\"; several of the songs are really good when played with the entire band.      The sound of \\"The River\\" is different because he recorded it as if the band was playing in a club instead of the normal sectioning off every sound and it works. The album has remained one of my favorite Springsteen records.     Another reason the album is so good is the amount of material on it. While it cannot match the strength of BUSA lineup, it makes up for the deficit with twice as many songs. A tribute to the material on the album is how many are still played in Springsteen's concerts.     This album is a must for anyone who wants to hear the rock n roll of Bruce Sprinsteen.
B000002UA0|5.0|this is probably my favorite album in my collection of about 400 cds.  it has made a huge impact on my life in the way i choose to live and the ideas i choose to have.  for me it was the &quot;doors of perception&quot; of music and really opened my mind to things i hadnt really thought about before.  i dont really think its the lyrics to the music or what syd barret is saying, its just what the music represents.  the real reason i love this album so much is syd barret.  i find it very depressing and sad that he is no longer making music.  i believe it is a much larger tragedy that he was no longer able to function and make music rather than him passing away.  it seems a colossal waste of talent.  he became a casualty of his own lifestyle.  songs like Flaming and The Scarecrow were simple, yet beautiful sketches of life and the world that surrounds us.  I highly suggest this album to everyone who would like to open themselves up to a whole new world of beauty and truth.  thank you syd barrett.
B00004Z459|5.0|I bought this CD, and some of you guys are right, the rest of the CD is nothing like One Step Closer.  Thank God.  One Step Closer is a good radio hit, played out really quick.  But the rest of the CD is absolutely wonderful.  They are nothing like Limp Bizkit (once again, thank God).  But has anyone actually listened to the lyrics?  They are the most refreshing thing I have heard in a long time.  They are a hard-er rock band that isn't singing about the same played out stuff.  You all know what I'm talking about. \\"I hate the world, I hate you, I hope you die, I'm so much better than you, I'll kick your (....)\\"  It's a great band, with lots of lyrical talent, and no one seems to give them credit for that.
6305342776|4.0|Plot comparisons to 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea are inevitable, but here Disney also returns to disturbing themes it visited in its earliest, unapologetically terrifying animated features: here, as in Pinocchio, people are horrifically transformed and enslaved; here, as in Bambi, innocents are violently murdered; here, as in Fantasia's &quot;Night On Bald Mountain&quot; sequence, there is an unsettling vision of Hell.<br />But just as the earlier films offset their frightening moments with considerable charm and wit, The Black Hole counters its macabre elements with a kind of goofiness, especially in the stilted dialog.  Nevertheless, there are philosophical questions to ponder here, questions about technology, genius, megalomania, and what the writers meant by lines like, &quot;Some cause must have created all this, but what caused that cause?&quot;  <br />As with Star Wars, the most engaging performances are turned in by robots, though trouper Maximilian Schell does have some juicy turns as the lecherous mad scientist.  The score is gripping, and other than a few wires that reveal themselves, the special effects are almost improbably stylish.  Indeed, the sight of Ernest Borgnine jogging in a unitard is a special effect unto itself.
0679879269|5.0|I can't help but say how remarkable this book is!  As the final volume of the His Dark Materials Trilogy, not only is The Amber Spyglass a great ending, but it also has wonderful theme and suspense.  In this book, Lyra and Will continues their adventures between the worlds.  They also find out about the so called Otherworld where the dead are. They are joined by a few new characters along the way.  Some parts of this book may seem slow, but the surprise ending makes up for it. If you've read The Golden Compass and the Subtle Knife, you MUST read this book!  If you haven't, I suggest reading them first before starting the Amber Spyglass.  You won't be disappointed.
B00000DCHE|5.0|Unlike most Billy Joel fans, this was the first BJ album I ever bought. I was listening to the radio one day in 1982 and heard 'ou're My Home'. Why I don't know, but I was hooked! Obviously I'd heard all the standards that used to pop up on radio, but I was 17 and was only just beginning to buy records of my own. I went and bought the album and was instantly amazed and 'pumped' by what I heard. From the incredible sirens at the beginning of Miami 2017 to the pure passion and sensuality of I've Loved These Days, this album delivers all you would ever want from a live album. As Billy says, it's not a typical live album due to the varied venues, but each song perfectly matches the ambiance of its chosen setting. The digitally remastered recording is a must if you dont have it yet and best of all, its probably available for a third of the price of a normal CD. I think that's half the beauty of this CD. A virtual hidden treasure, appreciated and generally loved by all who hear it, it remains largely unknown to many BJ fans. I now have everything BJ has ever recorded or written and I owe it all to this album! An absolute classic! Easily my favourite album of all time! Buy it, turn the lights down, crank up the volume, close your eyes and you will be right there in the audience. Trust me!
B00004TL21|5.0|Wow, did this CD blow me away! From the first to the last track you hear Chino Moreno's voice change from yelling, whispering, rapping, desparing, and just screaming loud as f**k.. The Best Tracks, are (in order of dopestness): Passenger, Knife Party, Korea, RX Queen, Feiticeira, Elite, Street Carp, Digital Bath, Change, Pink Maggit, Teenager. This CD is not as hard as Deftones' CDs Adrenaline and Around the Fur, but White Pony is definitely proof that Deftones can &quot;Change&quot;. I, like all other Deftones fans, fear that Deftones will start to soften up more, and make songs like Teenager. I hate the boy+girlsbands of today and hope Chino Moreno doesn't fall in. If your looking for a CD that can bring you from fears to tears, and jolts to catapults... then come take a ride on the White Pony.
B000050IE6|5.0|As a long time fan of heavy metal I was of two minds when I purchased this cd. I had heard to many good things about it, but was apprehensive regarding the stereotypical &quot;death&quot; metal singing style that is used on some of the songs. A few listens to this cd changed everything. The music that is woven on these songs just dispels all stereotypes. These guys are very good composers and musicians. The styles run from very melodic, acoustic passages to brutal heavy metal that is in your face, with some jazzy feels and tempo changes added for good measure. Add Mikael's storied lyrics and you have a great set of songs. The opener, the &quot;Moor&quot; showcases everything there is about the band in one song: melody, brutal riffs, excellent lyrics and tempo changes. From the start, they make their point that they are not just another metal band. I quickly forgot about the harsher vocals by the time the track &quot;Benighted&quot; had appeared. It is a very atmospheric and surreal acoustic flavored number that showcases Mikeal's voice. The whole album is full of these surprises and should please any fan of heavy metal: period.
B000001FT2|4.0|Nightclubbing is my first Grace Jones album to own, because of the appealing title to me. This album takes you through many styles including jazz (I've Seen That Face), her traditional jamaican feel to songs (Feel Up) and a disco anthem (Pull Up To My Bumper). A very nice ballad finishes the album (I've Done It Again) with sweet vocals and a smoky jazz bar feel to the music which is very nice for the ears. Very fun, very moody, very exciting and very Grace.
0805062971|5.0|I decided to read Fight Club after I watched the film version.  I became so enthralled with the movie version that I had to read the book.  Fight Club takes a satirical look at society today.  Chuck Palahniuk does a wonderful job writing a story filled with imagery and symbolism alon caused me as a reader to enjoy this book immensely. The one downfall that comes to my mind is if you have watched the movie then you know what is going to happen.  The story is very fast paced and it easily becomes a quick read. I have never read any book quite like this one.
0380796090|5.0|This is one of those books that would have seemed more brilliantly original if Bridget Jones's Diary had not come out first. Like BJD it contains outrageously frank and witty comments about men and the way women feel about them. the dialog is great but many of the stretches of interior monolog were too long and repetitious for me.
B000002KO3|5.0|Remain in Light is perhaps the Talking Heads' best album. Technically it is flawless, and as far as music goes, Remain in Light unifies electronica, African rhythms, guitar riffs and Bryan Eno's signature minimalism to hypnotic effect. The music is captivating and melodic - great dance music, but also great careful-listening music - and David Byrne's halting, discordant voice and thoughtful lyrics transcend each song to a more intellectual and compelling level. Ultimately, Remain in Light is a piece of art as well as a piece of music - Byrne and Eno have carefully layered music, vocals and thoughtful lyrics to create perhaps one of the best albums of the eighties.<br />The first three tracks are primarily dance tracks, but each one is subtly constructed and multi-layered. `Born Under Punches' combines repetition, African rhythm and a variety of eclectic instruments Tom Waits would be proud of. The end result is a dance track with a political slant: \\"Take a look at these hands... I'm a tumbler/ I'm a government man... I'm so thin... all I want is to breathe.\\" `Crosseyed and Painless' is another dance track, however the weakest of the three. `The Great Curve' is perhaps one of the Heads' best work - it is an exemplary piece of music that showcases the great song-writing and compositional aptitude of the band's frontman, David Byrne. The Great Curve is a haunting, melodic and multi-layered work that stays with the listener for a long time - but, if you like, you can get up and dance to it because it's got one hell of a rhythm pounding through it. <br />The next five songs are exceptional, however the focus shifts from dance to more of an art-rock. `Houses in Motion' is brilliant, `Seen and Not Seen' is a spoken conversation piece and `Once in a Lifetime' was the big hit from the album, and has a very catchy and musical chorus. `Listening Wind' revisits the African elements of the album and is quite a haunting piece of music, and finally, the album anti-climaxes with the Eno-Byrne collaboration `The Overload', which fails to live up to it's initial horrific promise. <br />But altogether Remain in Light rivals Speaking in Tongues for the Talking Heads' best album. It exemplifies their artistic and musical ability that started to mature with the advent of the captivating Fear of Music, yet still retains the pulsating rhythm of More Songs About Buildings and Food and Talking Heads '77. Remain in Light is a unique listening experience - one that you can dance to and listen to all the same - and is a worthy addition to anyone's music library.
B00004Z459|5.0|As you listen to Linkin Park, for one brief second they alternately sound like Alice In Chains, Red Hot Chilli Peppers, Silverchair, KoRn, H-Blockx, Savage Garden, Tura Satana, Stuck Mojo, Downset and One Minute Silence, but then those seconds pass and they sound like Linkin Park and nobody else. Yeah, they could restrictively be classed as metal-rap, but there is so much divergence of styles, tempos, rhythms, beats, and vocals on this CD that applying a label does not do them justice. Anyone who puts this measured, tuneful, musically uplifting band in the same boat as Limp Bizkit cannot have listened to both bands: one has psychological depth played through expressive vocals and emotive instrumentation that speaks for itself, the other has an impetus on `slammin' guitars backing egocentric vocals that had to rely first on their friendship with KoRn and then their friendship with Eminem to make it - you decide which is which.<br />To be honest, however, the first time I listened to this album I was disappointed. Having heard `Crawling' and `One Step Closer', I was expecting more singing and more experimentation on the part of the DJ, but two listens later I was completely hooked. This is the first indie/metal CD I've bought in three years that I've actually liked. The guitars are extraordinarily heavy without resorting to the wall of noise promulgated by the majority of Nu-metal (there are tunes to these riffs), you can actually hear the influence of the DJ (check out both the guitars and vocals on `Points of Authority'), the harmonics favoured by the guitar-player provide a true sense of passion to befit the meaningful lyrics, the balance of the various vocal stylings (singing, gravel singing, soft rap, gravel rap, out-and-out screaming) are weighted to perfection, and the loops slide seamlessly in and out of the mix.<br />My main criticism, if it can be called that, is that the album feels a little short, chalking in at just over 37 minutes (averaging three minutes a song), but that said, it doesn't detract from the music. Though `By Myself' starts off a little too raw for my liking and `Forgotten' is a tad repetitive at the offset, by the end of these two songs, the balance is back in play. Overall, Hybrid Theory is heavy, catchy, provocative, varied, and original, everything that a CD should be. Anyone put off by the classification of metal-rap and its associations to Limp Bizkit shouldn't be - this is in a league all of its own.s a song), but that said, it doesn't detract from the music. Though `By Myself' starts off a little too raw for my liking and `Forgotten' is a tad repetitive at the offset, by the end of these two songs, the balance is back in play. Overall, Hybrid Theory is heavy, catchy, provocative, varied, and original, everything that a CD should be. Anyone put off by the classification of metal-rap and its associations to Limp Bizkit shouldn't be - this is in a league all of its own.
0790729628|1.0|Ok.  First, There is not a lot of content to this DVD.  It would get a better rating if the directors's cut also had the non director's cut on the same DVD.  Secound,  The sound is not good.  In other words you will not get good sound effects from your surround system.  I got little sound out of my rear speakers which muffles the SS experience.  This is a @9.99 DVD.  Great Movie-Bad DVD
6304510861|2.0|I think that guy in white makeup is Pullman's unconscious, so Pullman does in fact murder his wife (they're not exactly giddy honeymooners). At this point Pullman loses a few sheep in the top paddock and re-invents himself as the Getty character, a construction that eases his guilt and creates a fantasy scenario for a new love, unfortunatley he's a bit obsessed with old lady so that even here Arquette's character can't love him. I'm probably way off here. I have a headache.
014028902X|5.0|I can't number the times I've read this book, they're so many... And everytime I found something I hadn't noticed or appreciated before. The story is very simple: a messy and likeable british family that moves to the wonderful island of Corfu in Greece. Each member of the family has its own manias(animals, weapons, cooking, parfumes and literature); their own needs, obsessions and personalities conflict really often and these conflicts lead to the funniest and most unforgettable pages of this enjoyable book. But the very magical characteristic of the book is the power it has to make you feel on your skin the kissing warmth of Corfu, the silence of summer, the chirp of the cicadas and the smell of myrtle. It was just like being there.
B000002C1V|5.0|You don't hear many of these tracks on the radio and for a reason.  Not because they bite, but because they deal with nasty little realities.  I love this albumn and recommend you listen to it a few times to let it sink in.  It's not so much the music as the lyrics.
B00004STPT|5.0|Gladiator was so much more than fight scenes and special effects.  The ending of the movie was truly poignant and the culture of truth and honor does have a place in society and history.<br />You can relive the emotions in a truly wonderful soundtrack.  Although the score is brilliant and depicts the action through music expertly, there are one or two weak recording spots where lows drop off.<br />But this is music that inspires.  Haven't you ever wanted to listen to something that lifts your spirits and makes you feel good?  This score does that.  And even though the good guy dies in the end of the movie this music is typical in the War of 1812 sense that it makes you want to stand up and cheer because it is heroic in a spiritual sense.  <br />Well worth the investment.  Listen to it cranked up on the way to work and you'll drive everyone crazy with your enthusiasm.
052594527X|3.0|This was an interesting story of two individuals.  One is a young girl from a family that is thrown into depressed circumstances when the father is blinded in an accident.  The second person is the artist Vermeer, a brilliant painter, who left behind less than 40 completed paintings.  In this story Griet, the young girl, out of necessity, goes to work as a maid for the Vermeer family.  Griet has certain qualities that seem to draw Vermeer to her.  Her first responsibilty is to clean his studio without rearranging any of his tools, paints or settings.  She accomplishes this perfectly.  When she reconsiders cleaning the windows because she perceives that it will change the quality of light that he is using as he is completing a painting, Vermeer seems to become intrigued with this young girl.  Eventually Vermeer uses her as more of an artist's assistant and eventually decides to use her as the subject in a painting.  The problems that their relationship cause are thoroughly explored by the author, making the characters very much real and alive.  This was an interesting look at the possible life of Vermeer, based on what small amount of information that is actually  known, this made for an interesting look at the life of this artist.
B00004T9UF|4.0|...<br /><br />After listening to his first album and then his second right behind it, I find that Eminem isn't as angry as he was in the first album, and the colorful way he slips an idea or a flow from one song to the other is quite ingenious. He's got some songs that really tap into aggression that I haven't heard since some old Eric B and Rakim and Public Enemy were in my tape deck.<br /><br />He captures what's going on in the hearts and minds of the young ones today.. Though it may be inappropriate for some, he's not really bragging about tons of women, sex, and money, but it's  more like he's having a session with his psychologist.. I really think he's deep and the cd's both are well made. It's not for commercial appeal, but as an artist who is trying to deliver a message, and a decent message at that..but it's kind of like a rated R movie...I DON'T THINK ITS FOR ANYONE UNDER 17! (Some things about being a serial killer.... strangely....) Ice-T is just as raw, and his Body Count stuff would appeal to the same audience (if they get that he's  being funny too....). Even old stuff-- Too $hort-- is lots in the same vein.... I'd get this disc again, though the first one might be better....I DO think that he has an influence on kids and what they think.<br /><br />I will agree with Eminem that there are a bunch of stupid people out there who want to blame their bad parenting skills on rap music and movies and television but on the same hand entertainers need to realize the power they hold. Maybe his pile of money has grown so mountainous that he can't see over it to see the damage he is doing? argh.<br /><br />I will admit that the album is crafted well, the beats are on point and his rhymes are clever.<br /><br />I just don't dig what Eminem says. It's a bit upsetting probably to some others like myself too....maybe I'm just a bit too old now, I suppose.<br /><br />To hear Eminem's flippant 'f' you style was amusing. The charm has worn off. Maybe the fans (or was that 'STAN'?) will wake up and realize  that the people who buy this album are the ones being made fun of.  hmmmm.<br /><br />If you are going to buy it, there's nothing I can say to stop you.<br /><br />Just remember Vanilla Ice. Angry bleached haired white boy with ghetto street-cred(?) that made all the kids go crazy. Just think of Eminem as Vanilla Ice,  the remix. zzzzzzz.<br /><br />PS. I gave this album 1 star because amazon won't let you give it zero stars. not because I endorse it.buy this album are the ones being made fun of.  hmmmm.  If you are going to buy it, there's nothing I can say to stop you.  Just remember Vanilla Ice. Angry bleached haired white boy with ghetto street-cred(?) that made all the kids go crazy. Just think of Eminem as Vanilla Ice,  the remix. zzzzzzz.  PS. I gave this album 1 star because amazon won't let you give it zero stars. not because I endorse it.
B000002GJ7|5.0|The first time I took my time and money to buy and go thru this amazing cd, I was astonished. It was waay back in 1992. Some guitar-driven friend came to me one day and said &quot;You gotta hear this one!&quot;. Since the guy was a damn good guitar player, I took the CD and listened to it. Over, and over, and over, and over... As I am still doing to the present day. At first, I was amazed by &quot;Get The Funk Out&quot;, &quot;Decadence Dance&quot;, and the amazingly clear-and-perfect-played-and-singed &quot;More Than Words&quot;. In a short while, I made a bond with this band and their cds that will never be broken. With sarcastically driven lyrics deeper than anything I've ever heard before, and great arrangements, vocals, and overall - everything, the next day i borrowed this CD I went and bought it, as well as all other Extreme albums. This one is an ode to heavy, metal&amp;funk playing, as well as their first album. A must have for every Queen, Dream Theater fan as well as all guitarists and anyone who will take the time to explore what these guys have to offer.
B00004XOWM|2.0|After reading many reviews that bashed this CD...I had to take a listen for myself...It doesn't seem like LB has grown at all...it's just a continuation of Significant Other...even though some songs like My Way, My Generation, and Rollin' can be catchy...the lyrics and the music itself are not that creative...Fred seems to lack enthusiasm...he doesn't put a lot of thought and energy into this album...it's like he figured that since their last album was so successful, why change anything...well, all artists, no matter how good they are (or think the are), they HAVE to make changes, take chances...that's what the entertainment business is all about...and that is what true lovers of music want.......
B000002G0P|5.0|Don't know where to start. Let's put it this way.If I were to pick just one cd to go to some other planet and never see any of my other cd's ever again, this would as sure as hell be the one to bring with me. All that being said, let's carry on. From the first side and song, funky and upbeat &quot;Warheads&quot;, passing every single one inbetween, to the last one, to put it minorly, a freakin' masterpiece &quot;Everything Under The Sun&quot;,this CD can't stop to amaze me.I've listened this one for like a couple of hundred times, and every time I get blown away by its outstanding quality. Every little piece, a note, noise, piece of lyric, is a class of its own. But if for no other reason, every sane person should buy this one just because of the last song, an over-20 minute epic, orchestral masterpiece, four-dimensional miracle, etc. Lemme stop here. Simply brilliant, inspired, with great vision and imagination. This CD should be on every shelf in line of classics like Beatles, and alikes. Fantastic.
0679721037|4.0|Pulitzer prize-winning author John Hersey, was born in Tientsin in 1914.  He attended Yale and Cambridge Universities.  He is also the past president of the Author's League of America and the past Chancellor of the American Academy of Arts and Letters.  He is married and has five children and three grandchildren. In 1946, his novel HIROSHIMA was published.  It is a record of the experiences of six survivors, where they were when the bomb hit, what the immediate effects were, and what the permanent effects were. When the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, not many could have anticipated its potential for devastation.  The words of Miss Sasaki, Dr. Fujii, Mrs. Nakamura, Father Kleinsorge, Dr. Sasaki, and the Reverend Tanimoto gave a face to the statistics that filled the media and brought upon an overwhelming public response. Whether you believe the bomb made the difference in the war or that it should never have been dropped, &quot;Hiroshima&quot; is a great novel that describes the shadow of armed conflict.  Hersey goes into great detail describing how quickly the bomb hit, with no warning or anything of that nature.  Like, Miss Sasaki was just turning her head to speak to a fellow co-worker when she was struck out of her desk and pinned in by a bookshelf.  He describes the mangled limbs and bodies, and the smells of dead carcasses.  Then, to bring more shock and revulsion, he returns to bring the condition of these pitiful souls forty years later. HIROSHIMA is great for anyone who believes that \\"The Japanese had it coming\\", or that America was completely in the right to get an equivalent view of the matter.  It is also great for anyone who doesn't concur with the American decision to bomb Japan.  It is an exceptional novel for anyone of any age, and I vastly recommend it.
B000002GIE|5.0|Man, do these guys rock! Sound is a bit Van-Halenish, but vocals, arrangements and everything these guys did on this album is way better than I've ever expected. Each and every song is a story of its own, but I've gotta say, the songs that blew me away were &quot;Mutha&quot; and &quot;Play With Me&quot; (as far as rocky,mid and fast tempo is concerned), and, especially, &quot;Rock A Bye Bye&quot;, that has one of the all-time best solos I've ever heard. It's not about how many notes you play, it's the way you sound, express your feeling thru notes, and make your music vision alive. Mighty brilliant.
B00004TJK2|5.0|I first experienced Le Grand Bleu on a rainy day in Aix en Provence (&quot;sex en vacances&quot; as my friend calls it, although that wasn't the case for me) back in 1988.  After returning to the States I found myself renting it for anyone who had not seen it and, I admit, fathoming, by their response to the film, the depth of the unknowing viewer.  For me, it is a story of loss and grief and the trauma of losing a parent.  Jacques' love for his father is sublimated into a passion for the sea, a passion against which even losing his virginity to Rosanna Arquette's beautiful Johanna pales as he is called immediately afterward to swim all night and kiss the dolphins while she sleeps on a slab of rock waiting for him.<br />The metaphor for the distant man, the seized child destined to die the death of his father because he cannot claim his own manhood in any other way, expands graciously in the director's cut, which, as other commentators have stated, provides deeper characterization and portrays Jacques' struggle to salvage his own life from his father's death much more immensely.<br />I now view the first release of The Big Blue as a mere trailer to the director's cut, and am deeply grateful for the bigger picture.
6302662648|5.0|Mission Impossible? Ugh! If you want a real hi-tech movie, check this one out. There's a great cast: Sidney Poitier, Robert Redford, River Phoenix and James Earl Jones just to name a few. The plot: Redford is in charge of a company where they intentionally break into banks and stuff to see how tight their security is. There's some really funny parts, but also some really serious, witty parts. The story soon starts to get more complicated as they go after this &quot;black box&quot; that can decrypt computer codes or something. In short, they can have access to the FBI, CIA, airports, whatever. Very easy to follow movie. I'm not usually a Robert Redford fan, but this movie is the one exception.
6303182577|5.0|I like the expanded version better than the original because we finally get to see Janis Joplin and Jefferson Airplane performing in the movie. Where the director and I disagree is Melanie's brilliant solo \\"Birthday of the Sun\\" belongs in the picture, not in \\"Lost Performances\\". As far as the rest of the flick for those  unfamiliar or need a refresher. Richie Havens opens the festival with maybe the fastest rhythm guitar work on record - \\"Freedom\\"..... Joan Baez high octave reaches the evening skies - \\"Swing Low, Sweet Chariot\\".....Crosby, Stills and Nash being scared bleep-bleep - \\"Suite Judy Blue Eyes\\"..... John Sebastian, the ultimate hippie in all tye-dye - \\"Younger Generation\\"..... Country Joe's anti-war sing-a-long fires up the crowd - \\"I-Feel-Like- I'm-Fixin'-To-Die-Rag\\"..... Joe Cocker singing while pretending to play an instrument - \\"With A little Help From My Friends\\"..... Santana bringing the \\"Street Sound\\" on \\"Soul Sacrifice\\" as a bunch of unknowns..... The Who delivering their circus-like show - \\"Summertime Blues\\"..... The dancing \\"Big Bear\\"of Canned Heat blues rocking um' on \\"A Change Is Gonna' Come..... Comical Sha-Na-Na who don't fit in - \\"At The Hop\\".....  Arlo Guthrie talking about alot of freaks and singing about a custom man - \\"Coming Into Los Angeles\\"..... Ten Years After updating 50's, early 60's rock in triple split screen fine form - \\"I'm Going Home\\"..... Sly And The Family Stone outrageous funk rock bringng the night audience to its feet- \\"I Want To Take You Higher\\".....  Jimi Hendrix shocking just about everybody doing the \\"Star Spangled Banner\\" with a heavy dose of feedback.....  The film performances were so good, it became the MTV of its time, creating arena rock for the majority of the players about a year later.  The other key non-music moments were remarks by the concert organizers before and during the festival.....  Wavy Gravy, hog farm leader serving breakast for over 300,000..... Periodic  funny stage announcements in hippie language..... The pro and con opinions from the nearby residents of Bethel, N.Y..... Land owner Max Yasgur addressing and thanking the crowd..... The down to earth port-o-san cleaning man talking about his own kid in the Vietnam War.....  Drenching thunderstorms, heavy use of pot, audience comments and skinny-dipping, happy crowd swimming at the nearby lake.....  Quite simply a three day phenomenon that will never happen again.  Well packaged for movie viewing.  Woodstock was the ultimate free festival in a sea of mud.age..... The pro and con opinions from the nearby residents of Bethel, N.Y..... Land owner Max Yasgur addressing and thanking the crowd..... The down to earth port-o-san cleaning man talking about his own kid in the Vietnam War.....  Drenching thunderstorms, heavy use of pot, audience comments and skinny-dipping, happy crowd swimming at the nearby lake.....  Quite simply a three day phenomenon that will never happen again.  Well packaged for movie viewing.  Woodstock was the ultimate free festival in a sea of mud.
B00005A1PR|5.0|A must have for anyone who enjoys someone who can expertly give life to their thoughts through music. You are guaranteed to feel the positive vibe from down right good music and fluid vocals. You can't listen to this CD without feeling a bit euphoric. Which, is refreshing by comparison to some of the mind numbing mainstream music that we are forced to listen to these days. This is nothing of the sort.
B000000OPU|5.0|There is a fan website called &quot;The Church of Peter Gabriel&quot;, a rather tongue-in-cheek venture claiming Gabriel as a diety. His prodigious career, spanning over 20 years from its start with Genesis (forgive the unseeming pun...), to his innovative solo work and various side projects concerning human rights, visual art and performances, to his devoted following and, well, the sheer magnitude of his work...maybe that website isn't too far off with its claims.<br />This album was created in 1986, and as is typical with Gabriel, was a hallmark of the times as well as a surpassant. It is rostered with some of the finest musicians such as bassist extraoridinare Tony Levin, Stewart Copeland of Police fame, etheral songstress Kate Bush and funky art singer Laurie Anderson, superb percussionist Manu Katche, and guitarist David Rhodes. L. Shankar, a premier violinist with unmatched expressive style, also makes his appearance. The album was a stepping point for many of his newer fans, and also a forward stage of evolution for his theatrical style.<br />The album is famous for it's breakthrough hits, Red Rain and Big Time. The video for Big Time set a precedent when it first appeared, garnering award after award for its mind-blowing animation. Sledgehammer, another hit, was a take-off on British motown style. That Voice Again, an absolute gem, is about the sometimes off again-on again nature of relationships, a familiar theme of Gabriel's. The song itself showcases Tony Levin's impeccable and understated bass playing, and Manu Katche's flawless percussion. <br />In Your Eyes, another song to become a hit, is one of the most joyful love songs created, as many who have played it at their wedding can attest. Senegaly vocalist Youssou N'dour, an artist in his own right, lends his distinctive vocals to this popular song. <br />Gabriel is known for his wonderful and image provoking lyrics. Mercy Street, a haunting and dreamlike ballad contains the following: &quot;Looking down on empty streets, all she can see are the dreams all made solid are the dreams made real. All of the buildings, all of those cars were once just a dream in somebody's head. She pictures the broken glass, she pictures the steam, she pictures a soul with no leak at the seam...&quot;. This song remains one of my favorites not only for the poetic lyrics, but because they ring a strong personal note for me. <br />Other songs include We Do What We're Told, an eerie song about the obedience experiments conducted by Stanley Milgram in the 60's. The last song, a quirky duet with Laurie Anderson, is vintage Gabriel in all of his experimental glory, and recalls the music of his earlier years.<br />Fans of Gabriels' music already have this album firmly ensconced within their collections. If you appreciate popular music that defies labels or genres, I advise you to give this one a try. Gabriel is an artist of vast scope and vision coupled with formidable talent who dares to take risks artistically and musically. He's an artist in the truest sense of the word, and also a man who deserves respect not only for his musical productions, but his other accomplishments as well. His is a music rare...in depth of expression and virtuosity. As he gets older one can only expect him to get still better.<br />Also try Shaking the Tree: 16 Golden Greats, and US. For the more adventurous, delve into Gabriel's earlier work such as Peter Gabriel I, II and III, and Security. Don't miss his live taped performance Secret World Live...a stupendous production featuring Paula Cole and other guest artists.
B00004XQ83|5.0|There is something inherently unique about growing up and living in the south. It can't be explained, only felt. Those who are touched by the music on this C.D. are touched by the very essence of the south itself. I was born and raised in Alabama, the son of a preacher. These songs are part of my heritage and it makes me so proud to read other reviews about how it has touched lives everywhere. My Mama sung em and my Daddy sung em. If you are from the south, you know what these songs mean. If you're not, then it will hopefully make you realize the pride that southern people have, and always will have. Beautiful and unique....original and total. This soundtrack is wonderful. It will touch you forever.
B00000G09Q|3.0|Aww, the Turtles are done for it, their final movie.  I feel this movie could have been better in many ways.  The voice of Spliter should have been the same voice from the 1st and 2nd movie.  The Turtle's costumes should have been the same as the 2nd movie.  The enemies were too unbelievable.  And the ending of the movie was just a little too weak for me.  It's a good movie for a fan, but I only suggest buying it if you are a diehard Ninja Turtles fan.
B0000399WI|2.0|This film really perplexes me. With the hundreds of people I have interviewed and the thousands of surveys I have sent out to video store customers, who have seen The Shawshank Redemption, I must say, you either love or hate this film. There seems to be no gray area here. <br />There was obviously some disdain, hate, and indifference at the box office in the fall of 1994. Nobody saw it. Nobody cared to see it. According to Variety magazine, this film grossed domestically a total of $28.6 million and only lasted 9 weeks in the national theaters before it was yanked and shelved for good. For those of you keeping score at home that's an average of $3.17 million a week. That's a joke!! <br />Heck, &quot;Charlie's Angels&quot; made over $40 million in it's first day of release. According to Variety magazine, &quot;Mission Impossible II&quot; made $63 million in its first day of national release. Now that's firepower at the Box Office and the only true way to prove the artistic value and quality of a motion picture. Furthermore, that's the only way American audiences keep score!  <br />Back to Shawshank. I must be the only person who found middle ground with this movie. It's a good movie, but not nearly a great one. There are a lot of flaws, annoying scenes, and very unrealistic occurrences that just unexplainably happen (a few times I almost wanted to get up and walk out).  <br />Here are some of the things that are laughable and flawed in The Shawshank Redemption.<br />  1.) Would or would a prison NOT keep a convicted murderer felon locked up at all times; especially in the presence of the prison Warden. EVERY scene Andy is in, he never has handcuffs on. Therefore the ending scene would never have taken place. <br />2.) Would someone please explain to me how they where going to get Rita Heyworth snuck into the prison? This happens to be one of the most ridiculous scenes in movie history and very laughable. When I was in the theater there were well deserved sneers and laughs of sarcasm and contempt. This was the movie theater scene when the inmates are watching the Rita Heyworth movie and Andy sneaks in requesting to have Rita Heyworth. <br />3.) The narration is weak and unjustified. Narration in films are always a sign of weakness in the story and plot. It is always used to cover up holes in the story; unless it conveys the protagonist's inner feelings and thought. Here, it conveys somebody (his friend) who is basically telling us what we are witnessing on the screen. It's like listening to a football play by play announcer describing the action on the field. This does not advance our involvement in the film at all. <br />4.) The acting of Tim Robbins is an embarrassment. He's too wooden and stiff. Furthermore, he mumbles too much in his Brando imitation of &quot;On the Waterfront&quot; and is barely intelligible. <br />5.) It's hard to believe the prison brutality in this film. I find it hard to believe that the Warden's 'right hand man' Hadley, would terrorize the inmates arbitrarily. <br />Here are some of the good things about this film: <br />1.) It's not a bad story and at times inspirational. The dramatic arc is right on target and there are plot surprises. <br />2.) The pacing by the director is very good. The suspenseful buildup is well timed and the scenes snap in place with good tempo and rhythm.   3.) If you can get by the dry, aloof, and uninspired performance by Robbins, you will really like the acting job by Freeman. This is a well rounded, three-dimensional performance by Freeman and he really saves the film's credibility. <br />4.) The villain is believable and more importantly sinister. We wouldn't expect the prison warden to be the villain, but here he is. It's well written and more importantly, played out realistically. <br />5.) The sound engineering is excellent. Put this movie on a 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround Sound System with 14 speakers running at 140 watts with 8 Ohms a peice for the front 5 speakers and110 watts per channel for your surround speakers into 8 ohms from 20Hz to 20,000Khz with less than 0.07 percent THD and you'll be blown away. Also, try to keep your Digital-to-analog audio converter at 24-bit/96 kHz and your frequency response at (+/- 3 dB): 10 Hz to 100,000KHz to achieve the perfect sound for the DVD's soundtrack.<br />You wouldn't expect a film with plain sets and dull interiors to have exceptional sound, but the sound engineers really pulled off a miracle on this movie. Again, you've got to hear this on a Dolby 5.1, Dolby Pro Logic XDL342, Standard Dolby Digital, or Dolby VMXL38 Logic ACM 283 System.  <br />Well, that's all folks. A movie you either love OR hate--could be LOVE TO HATE as so many of you have--but somehow, I found the middle ground and saw the gray lining. Ain't I really objective!
B00004R99R|5.0|Yes! Disney's at it again!  Another classic film.  The story of a boy who finds the courage and strenght in him to overcome any obstical.  The Gods have spoken!  Hercules is a great family film and a great film for any Greek Mythology lover (although some of the Greek Mythology was messed up, like the 3 fates being the 3 grey sisters, and the titans being natural disasters).  Get Hercules if you love Disney movies!
B000059R8Y|1.0|&quot;Reptile&quot; is the worst Eric Clapton work, because it shows no motivation of an artist that is one of the greatest in music.  If you like Eric Clapton youll be disappointed with this...
0780619609|5.0|Ahh, this is a GREAT movie!  It is ranked up with the first movie, and almost as good.  You learn the history of the Turtles and how they came to be.  The Super Shredder is also a great touch.  Toca and Razar are very freaky and are perfect rivals for the Turtles.  Very action and comedy packed.  A great film for the family.
B00000IAU3|2.0|I really dont know whats goinon with all the lines about this album! Its a Pop album, not very bad but it offers no new sounds... Its the &quot;same old song and dance&quot;. The lyrics are absolutely ordinary, no melody at all... So, this is a sold out Pop album. Dont waste too much time with this.
B000056NX5|5.0|The 2000 DVD of Jesus Christ Superstar is a well-done update of the 1970's classic. That fact doesn't take away from the point that the original film was very good as well, but it's important to recognize that the productions are very different, if only for the reason that Norman Jewison's movie was just that, a movie, while the new production is very definitely a stage show.<br />All of the actors did a wonderful job with their roles. Especially outstanding were Renee Castle as Mary and Glenn Carter as Jesus. Many have commented that the actors' facial expressions seemed to be exaggerated and overdone. However, one must realize that most, if not all, of these actors were trained for the stage. In live productions, you don't have close-ups. It's important that even the audience member in the last row of the theatre be able to see every emotion projected. While, on TV, Pilate and Judas's expressions may seem over the top, in a Broadway show they would be just right.<br />That said, the real outstanding performance of the show is Jerome Pradon as Judas. He hits every aspect of the role head on, from vocal to dancing to acting. The moment for me that makes the whole show is during Judas's confrontation with Jesus during &quot;The Last Supper&quot; when Pradon wails &quot;Every time I look at you I don't understand/Why you let the things you did get so out of hand.&quot; The frustration and guilt for the act he must perform is palpable, and the strangled cry of sorrow as he sinks to his knees takes the viewer's breath away.<br />Other, smaller performances are just as good as the main roles. Tony Vincent (who played Judas on Broadway) is a wonderful Simon Zealotes, filled with exactly the wrong kind (in Jesus's eyes) of enthusiasm and ambition. Frederick B. Owens is great as Caiaphas (what a wonderful voice!). Rik Mayall, whose performance may be the most disputed of the recording, brings a new interpretation the Herod. He has fun with the song, while still managing tobe threatening and scary, and his unique voice contributes to a memorable performance.<br />The 2000 recording is a performance full of energy, life, and a timeless message that has enthralled millions not just since the 1970's, but for 2 millennia. While different from the older movie, it is no more or less, but a new version of the same story. Watch both, buy both, and love both.
B000002UAR|5.0|The Beatles are timeless, &quot;Revolver&quot; is timeless too, their best album, a classic, a gem, a masterpiece! The best Pop Album of All Time? After &quot;Two Wheels Good&quot; of Prefab Sprout, it is.  Dont waste this great work of inspiration!
B000000W6R|4.0|This collection of B-sides/cut tracks is an incredible document of SP's creativity and range of musicianship, just as good if not better than other band's main releases!  This band is so good, even the stuff they cut is gold!  Unfortunately, this record must be compared with their other stuff, and as good as it is they have better records out their.... As good as this album is, I recommend that you don't buy it until you have Siamese Dream, Melancholy or even Machina under your belt (and in your collection! =)  )   <br />-but when you do, run, don't walk, to your record store and get  this disc!!!
B000050FEN|5.0|SE7EN is one of thouse movies that grabed movie fans with the victims of the seven deadly sins. The DVD really gives you features galore with deleted scenes and alternate endings just to name a VERY few because it is packed with it on disk 2. The movie itself was also a great movie with the dark settings to get you in the mood of something special. I highly recomend this movie for anyone who has a moderate or strong stomach.
B000000W6F|3.0|An unoriginal album with a wholly original sound, Gish borrows most of it's ideas from the early 70's epic rock rather than the early 80's punk rock that is the typical alternative sound....Corgan's songwriting is undeveloped, but show's definate promise...the highlights are the rock/ballad Rhinoceros and the heavy dose of guitars in Siva, but also really good is the driving opener, I Am One, and the different pace provided by psychedelia/folk tunes Crush and Daydream...<br />My recommendation:  Great for any alternative rock fan or even mild SP fans, but if your looking to start into the alternative scene, begin with the very best to hook ya in:  Siamese Dream and Melancholy!
B000002OVJ|5.0|The original live at leeds was widely revered, and for good reason. The content was scorching, agressive, and dynamic. This newer version leaves one wonder why this version was not originally released.<br />The original 6 songs are all here, as well as several surprises (&quot;Tatoo&quot; from &quot;The Who Sell Out&quot; &amp; &quot;A quick one while he's Away).<br />The production is wonderful, the selections are powerful, and this is quite simply one of the finest rock albums ever made. You will not be dissapointed!
B000002MTR|2.0|Warped, Aeroplane and (especially) My Friends are the radio-played singles off this record - and that's pretty much all that's worthwhile from this disc.   The music has a pleasant funk edge, but its simplicity quickly makes the CD grow tiresome...As musicians, these guys have a long way to go in both the composing and the performing aspect- guitar solos are repetitive and lack talent and the lead vocals are pretty flat and void of emotion.... Worst of all is the lyrics of most of the song, which pretty much equates to garbage.  Often, in the world of alternative rock, muddy unfocused lyrics take on the feeling of dark, dreamlike poetry (Take Billy Corgan of the Smashing Pumpkins for instance.)  Not so here, the writing is as blunt and dead as a brick...<br />hmm...thats a pretty good analogy.  This CD, outside of the radio tracks, is as interesting as a brick....avoid it unless you have a fetish for fireplaces.
B000002OCP|4.0|Now that I have the CD, I find it's NOT an exact reissue of the LP.  I know this album note by note and some things have been edited.  Not the least of which is: Where's the caterwauling at the beginning of Tom Cat?  And &quot;My Girl&quot; at the end of &quot;She's Alright&quot;?  Overall a great flashback though.
B000006NPY|3.0|But if you ever thought SP's work was typical, you should go bury yourself in you backyard.....I'll even loan you my shovel.  The Smashing Pumpkins are the bravest -and in my opinion the best - alternative band from the whole scene, and this album proves it.  Billy Corgan is a very emotional- and powerful poet, even if his lyrics end up on the abstract/muddy side... actually, that aspect of his writing  serves him well in this acoustic/ electronic offering because the whole sound seems to border on a dream, slipping in and out of conscienceness....  It's wonderfully refreshing, and surprising moving, but unfortunately the disc as a whole is not as good as it could be, nay, should be...<br />Corgan told us that the absence of a drummer would effect the scope of the album, and it does in a negative way...The drumming machines are interesting at first, but they begin to wear on the ears and are used through the CD entirely too much...Secondly, Corgans lullabies are very sweet indeed and its great to hear so much of his distinct voice so unabashedly naked over a simple piano or guitar (or both) stream....but there is too much of it.  The intimate feel needs to be balanced with a symphonic feel, and while you get the aching emotion of the album you never experience the epic drama of their previous release...<br />Recommendation??  This is a luscious CD, and I love it a great deal....But if you come from other SP albums, you may be dissapointed.  Come to this album void of all preconceptions, and you will probably enjoy it a great deal.<br />It's not bad, just misunderstood.
079073463X|5.0|This movie is so great,I love watching it! The actors and dialogue are fabulous,and Matthew Broderick isn't bad either!
B000000WJZ|5.0|This is the most powerful and long-reaching pure alternative album to come out of the entire movement....!
B00000JNO2|4.0|Although there were perhaps no absolute classics on this album, never in the Skynyrd was there a clearer divide between quality and filler tracks.  The same album that brought such gems as 'Gimme Back My Bullets', 'Same Old Blues', 'Cry for the Bad Man' and 'Searching' also included such mediocre tracks as 'Every Mother's Son', 'Trust' and 'Roll Gypsy Roll'.<br />This was where I joined the Skynyrd story -- it was the first LP of theirs that I bought.  The CD desperately needed the remastering treatment that this edition has given it.  The first generation CD, like so many, sounded worse than a home-taped copy of the LP.  Here was a band who had deserted Al Kooper and deliberately chosen producer Tom Dowd because he always recorded a very clear drum sound.  And yet the only time on the first-gen CD that Artimus shone from the dullness was on the cymbals at the start of 'Double Trouble'.<br />The band were missing third guitarist Ed King, but Collins and Rossington were highly competent guitarists themselves, and Collins in particular was a great writer of rock songs.  The twin guitars of Thin Lizzy's 'Jailbreak' owe much to Collins &amp; Rossington, in pose if not always in sound.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album discs claim to take you from &quot;Dawn to Dusk&quot; and then from &quot;Twilight to Starlight&quot; but it really takes you on the most emotional, experimental and ultimately rewarding journey that you can experience through &quot;alternative&quot; music.... Billy Corgan is a dark poet, master composer and ingenious creator who brings his listeners from vulnerable rage to heartsick liberation- and leaves them wanting even more...<br />This is among the best rock albums of the 90's, and perhaps of all time!  SP FOREVER!
B000009PNY|3.0|When evaluating a band's presentation of something originally recorded by someone else, I look for a sense of passion and excitement on the part of the performers, and for something in the new version that breathes new life into the song in question.<br />Unfortunately, many of the covers on this cover/tribute album of well-known Depesche Mode don't rise to meet even one of those not-too-excessive expectations. If one is a REALLY big fan of alternative rock, this is an excellent collection to own, but if you're looking for good Depesche Mode covers... well, the gems are valauable, but they are mixed in with quite a bit of worthless glass. The album might also be useful for DJs looking for a couple of surprise dance tracks to throw into their mixes.<br />Smashing Pumpkins, The Cure, Dishwalla--big name bands that one would expect to deliver in spades--give dull, straight-forward alternative rock versions of the songs they cover that are no more interesting than what one can hear in bars and small clubs featuring live bands any night of the week. They are some distance from the original versions, but they still fail to take on any life worth mentioning. A similar complaint can be leveled against Rabbit in the Moon's effort... it's closer to the original version, and the vocals are quite pretty, but there's just no sparks in the track at all.<br />At the other end of the spectrum, however, Veruca Salt, Meat Beat Manifesto, Hooverphonics, Locust, Monster Magnet, and Rammstein give excellent renditions of the tracks they cover... with Veruca Salt's version of 'Somebody' being worthy of lots of airplay in its own right, and the Locust, Apollo Four Forty and Rammstein tracks having me grinning throughout with their off-center, quite humorous covers. (The bands here seem to have had fun with the music while still respecting it.)<br />The rest of the tracks included teeter on the edge between okay and boring, none of them being as offensively dull as the Cure version of 'World in my Eyes' but still not quite pulling themselves above average.
0446677450|5.0|A excellent book with some eye opening teachings about money and the way he defines what an asset and liability really are is superb. Great book!
B00004Z459|4.0|First of all, I pretty much despise rape metal..er-rap metal. But when a freind of mine left this cd in my car I decided to be trendy and listen to One Step Closer...well I ended up listening to the whole cd, and was actually impressed. I had seen them live as an opening act what NOBODY haerd of them and they just seemed like another cookie cutter band. The album is much different though. It has some great effects, vocal processing, and dj work. And get this, the singer can accually sing..unlike some other red hat wearring frontman. Yes this does rip off Deftones and Korn in some places, but I am going to overlook that. I hate to admit to liking this cd, but it is so catchy, good car music. The stand out tracks for me are numbers 1,4,and 5. Give this one a chance.
B0000025H4|5.0|This was THE pivotal point in Priest's career. It took their earlier, cult material to the masses - and made them instant metal classics - through a sound that was much edgier, more powerful than the studio versions. No true metal fan would not have this in his/her collection. &quot;Victim of Changes&quot; sends chills down your spine with Halford showing off his skilled range in an epic form that runs the spectrum of dynamics - from soft to blazing. Not many metal tunes exhibited this sophistication - then or now. &quot;Green Manalishi&quot; and &quot;Diamonds and Rust&quot; are examples of how a band can cover 2 completely non-metal songs and turn them into quality interpretations rather than parodies. &quot;The Ripper&quot; - classic!, &quot;Sinner&quot; - deadly, &quot;Tyrant&quot; -awesome! This line-up also features the much more interesting Les Binks on drums (rather than Dave Holland on later albums). He provides some tasty cuts that give the band a very tight sound.    If you never bought early Priest albums - this is THE disc to get.
B000002UZ1|5.0|Well, I think everybody must be familiar with Beatles songs. And this double cd set, features some of their best from 1967-1970. 28 songs in total. The 24 page booklet includes all lyrics and plenty of photographs of the 'Fab Four'. And unlike a lot of their individual albums, this set has been digitally remastered, so the sound quality is good. Recommended for any fan of the Beatles.
B000005IU2|5.0|this is truly a masterpiece of sleaze.  it's what the stones' &quot;exile on main street&quot; wishes it could be.  the songs don't so much distinguish themselves that much from eachother as they mesh together (as all good albums should) into one full groove of (proto-)punk mastery.  the sounds of &quot;fun house&quot; are so expressive of the stooges because the band was simply to drunk and too drugged out to articulate past iggy's yelps and growls and the unrelenting power that the stooges produce out of their instruments.  iggy's lyrical street-junkie brilliance shines through, just barely fitting through the tiny cracks of the music.  the musical arrangements are not terribly complex, but not once do they seem monotonous.  in true stooges fashion, they only played the absolutely essential notes in the songs; they let the distortion do the rest of the talking (iggy's howling wasn't really talking, as it is purging and reaching for something from the drug bed).  from the indespensable garage-punk of &quot;loose&quot; to the chaos of  &quot;l.a. blues.&quot;  i finally understand why the stooges, along with the velvets, the beatles, and nirvana, are the most influential band in the history of rock and roll.  this album is a simply the epitome of rock and roll murk.  genius.  volume required.
B000056K04|3.0|OK...I've been a Fan of Dave ever since I used to go see him at TraX in Charlottesville in VA.  I don't really think has such a unique sound in the sense of acoustic music, but he and his band have the ENERGY needed to keep people interested in what they are doing.  Every album preceding Everyday, has included incredible energy. Everyday, and Ballard have let me down.  I have recently picked up a copy of the LILLYWHITE album....and I would reccommend it very strongly.           Everyday is not so much different from the music DMB would usually create...but it seems TAINTED with the POP sound of every piece of crap you hear everywhere today.  The drums sound synthetic, reminiscient of Smashmouth or something, and the violin is synthesized WAAAAY to much for my taste.  And where the heck is Le Roi?....I hear about 8 sax licks in the entire thing.  The songs are also cut and trimmed so they fit in a nice marketing package...which to me,  is not the direction DMB was searching for in the first place.  I will not criticize so much what is good for the band, but Everyday will not be an album I groove to during the summer concert tours.    P.S  One last thing.....Pick up the LILLYWHITE SESSIONS if you can, those tracks are awesome, and have the great energy and timing DMB is used to giving up.
B000056K04|3.0|A few weeks ago I reviewed the Everyday cd from DMB.  To tell you the truth I didn't like it much at first.  I simply felt that Mr. Ballard had killed the DMB sound I so much liked.  (You could argue that the Beatles changed their sound.... etc.  Hey, wake up, as much as I like DMB, they are not the Beatles and Mr. Ballard is certainly not Sir George Martin).  Nevertheless, I still think Everyday could have been much better, mostly because a bigger part should have been played by Boyd and Leroi. <br />However, a few days ago I got a chance to listen to the Lillywhite tapes, and let me tell you, now I know why Everyday came to be.  I am not going to review those tapes.  Its besides the point.  What I am going to tell you is that I am humbly taking back 90% of my last words to Dave (except for the fact that I still think that Boyd and Leroi should have played a bigger part on the recording.  Even though Everyday is claimed to have been written and recorded in 9 days, I think that should not be an excuse for leaving Boyd and Leroi almost completely out of the recording).<br />If you are a die hard fan of DMB, you would have accepted, and maybe loved, the Lillywhite tapes.  However, even though Everyday could have been better, I sincerely think that Dave made the right choice at the time.  In the end I hope Everyday will just be a grey spot on their music career, at least critically speaking, for it has been a huge success financially. <br />On a last note.  Dave, PLEASE, rearrange the songs so Boyd and Leroi have a more important role on the hopefully soon to come live recording.  Thanks.
B000056K04|5.0|I have been a DMB fan for years.  This new album is a departure from the their prior work particularly the lack of saxophone (I think that gave LeRoy Moore the Album off) - I thought I would hate this album but the songs really grow on you and well written.  I can't wait to hear them live this summer!!!
B00003CWTI|5.0|&quot;Magnolia&quot; is a film of the highest regard, taking on a massive amount of story and turning it into three hours of nothing but real-to-life scenarios and themes. These experiences are embedded in the lives of various people who we are intoduced to throughout the movie, who quietly and outwardly affect one another's lives throughout the course of a single day. This is done with the utmost precision and intelligence in storytelling and brilliance, providing an intriguing and mesmerizin look into their lives. There is not a single theme left untouched, a certain lifestyle or event unturned, and in its slow and building narrative, I found myself wanting to know more about these peoples' lives instead of becoming bored with it. ... <br /> The cast, the moving ways in which the script manipulates them, and the overall effect are outstanding, making this the best picture of 1999.
B000002UAU|5.0|The Only thing i have to say is that the world changed when this album came out it changed the World and it changed Music to Art. <br />The ups of this Cd Lucy in The Sky With Diamonds A day in the life Sgt. Peppers lonely hearts club band .........and all the rest of the songs<br />The Downs None!!!!!
B000002NE4|5.0|You know, the more I listen to &quot;The Boatman's Call,&quot; the more I'm convinced that it's not only one of the best albums I own, but may simply be one of the best albums, period.  I'm not usually given to untempered praise, but Cave's intelligent, moody and melodic attempt to work through crises of love as crises of faith is a sobering and powerful reminder of just how far brilliant lyrics and great instrumental hooks will get you.<br />What I like best about this album is that it thinks big.  Cave is tangling here with fierce questions: religion, love, whether human nature is naughty or nice.  Themes that would often elicit unreflective power ballads or incoherent and angsty slop from other artists pull instead from Cave some of his best pieces, balanced but yearning, often clever but never cute, and understated but overwhelming.<br />Cave makes his position clear in the album's first line; he's not religious, not a believer, but song after song seems to insinuate that he can't help seeing something of the divine and the devilish in the powerful emotion of love.  &quot;Into My Arms,&quot; &quot;Are You the One that I've Been Waiting For?&quot;, and &quot;The Brompton Oratory&quot; all marry erotic or romantic longing with a sort of spiritual unrest in search of rest.<br />Other people have tried this mix, of course--Madonna's &quot;Like a Prayer,&quot; for example or Depeche Mode's &quot;Personal Jesus&quot;--but none have succeeded as Cave has.  Even the very few less-than-perfect moments are never less than interesting.  But really, almost all of the tracks are songs you'll have memorized before you know it, and they'll still surprise you every time you hear them.  With warm and soft pianos, light guitars, occasional strings, and Cave's soothing bass, &quot;The Boatman's Call&quot; sounds like the kind of prophetic and life-changing stuff you'd hear in a dark lounge somewhere, the room dense with cigarette smoke and hazy with flourescent light, and the audience so quiet you could hear the parting of air as a pin drops.
0380789019|5.0|Neverwhere is a vivid, brilliant dark fantasy novel.  Its settings in and around real London, and its dark brooding world intricately connected with the Underground makes you so very clearly envision its alternate reality and personalities (imagine an entire royal court on a subway car), you will not soon forget this imaginative, fantastical work.<br />Gaiman's work is so completely fresh and unique, imaginative and just pure genius at times.  With enough humor and wit mixed in, he never falls into the trap of so many dark fantasists (taking themselves to seriously).  It's a fantastic head-trip on a rollercoaster ride of the imagination.<br />Read Gaiman.  Neverwhere, Stardust, Sandman...the new collection out soon...
B00005214X|5.0|All Things Must Pass ranks as one of my favorite albums. Like many, I bought the original record which include 3 LPs. I always found the 3rd lp interesting to say the least.<br />I love the bonus tracks on this CD, especially 'I live for you'. My only complaint about the CD is that George didn't remix the album like he thought about doing in his liner notes. Just imagine 'My Sweet Lord' or 'Apple Scruff' remixed. Even so, the sound is much better vs. my old lps, however I am still not a fan of Phil Spector's 'wall of sound'.  Still, if you love the Beatles, either together or on their own, buy this CD now!
B0000524E5|5.0|I thought that this was going to be a really stupid movie of only bar dancing scenes, but I was wrong there were bar dancing scenes but they also tried to put a story.
0790737973|5.0|Like last year's Mission to Mars, Sphere features a great cast, an intriguing premise, and some truly great suspense sequences.  Both were also ripped by the critics, but if you want thrilling sci-fi, Sphere is a great choice.  This is easily Michael Crichton's best adaptation to date.
0380788624|4.0|For people who tend to be analytical, who like fast-paced intricate plots.  For people who are interested (even mildly) in codes and ciphers.  For people who like to speculate on the future of the internet and its role in international politics and economics.  For people who are interested in the South Pacific battles in WWII. <br />For people who like books where things happen, where the story is the thing and the characters are doers, not navel-gazers,  try this mammoth book.  It will reward your attention with a robust, fascinating, well-told story about people you'll remember for a long time.
B0000508U6|5.0|This is an album I could listen to over and over again and not get tired of.  'Yellow', the biggest hit, is very singable but no indication of the beauty of this album.  My favorite is 'Trouble' which is incredible haunting.  I highly recommend this CD.  It is mellow, but not sleep-inducing.  It is rare for me to find an entire CD that I like, but this one is definitely going on my all-time favorite list.
0688002307|4.0|Book with great undertones for anybody searching the real meaning of quality, in our lives, our children's lives and our work.
B00003CXFU|5.0|This movie was the best of the five nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture. It has everything you want in a film. It stays with you long after you've seen it the first time, and it holds up after repeated watching. Julia is superb! Where Roger Ebert said he kept remembering that she was Julia Roberts and it got in his way, I thought she really lost her &quot;self&quot; in the part. I'd have given it the award. I'm glad I bought it. Have you got more stars I can give it?
0671042858|4.0|This is one of the most restrained and tasteful of King's books. This story is great for a few hours reading. It is short and one of King's most together plot lines. It's full of testament to his writing skills and a good break from his over the top works for his constant readers. This is not a brain buster. The simplicity and the perfection in which it plays out is masterful. Kid gets lost- and this is what goes on in her head, how she keeps it all together without letting the dark creepy forrest get the best of her. A few scenes away with the relatives and police... Kid gets into trouble and nobody knows how real the trouble is or if it happened at all. When something bad happens to her you may feel a slight knot in your stomach and when something nice happens to her you feel a little bit relieved yourself. It's all in good fun. A really perfect short read, great Sunday evening material. A great book.
0448060191|5.0|This is the best version of Little Women that I have ever read. It is the complete and unabridged version and the reader can tell that there's a difference. The story centers around four sisters Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy who are growing up during the Civil War. Add one loving mother, Marmee, the boy next door, Laurie, his tutor, John Brooke, and Friedrich Baher, a German professor and you have the best book of all time!
B000002PB2|5.0|I get irritated with people who think that all Night Ranger entails is &quot;Sister Christian&quot;.  That is a fantastic hit from the also-5-star &quot;Midnight Madness&quot; album, but this band has had so much quality material.  At the top of the list is this album.  I have owned it on cassette for probably over 15 years, but am listening to it today for the first time on CD (via Amazon.com).  All I can say is--unbelieveable still after all these years.  &quot;Don't Tell Me You Love Me&quot; has one of the catchiest solos of all time.  &quot;Eddie's Coming Out Tonight&quot; is a killer rocker, as is &quot;Night Ranger&quot; (the song).  There is not one weak track on this amazing album--which sounds better than ever on CD.  Very underrated album (by the public in general) by a very underrated band.
0345350499|5.0|I did not want this book to end.  I was ecstatic to learn that there were two prequels for this title.  They are in my cart right now...
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica's penultimate work.  Long, winding song structres that never seem forced, powerful lyrics delivered in a wonderful growl, and amazing guitars.  The only downer on this album is Lars Ulrich's sometimes annoying and often unimaginative drumming - however, he does get the drumming right as often as he fumbles it.  But it hardly matters, all other aspects of the album completely gloss over the drumming. On a secondary note, I love the production.  Many people criticize the production, especially the nearly non-existant bass.  I however, reguard this as a plus.  This quiet, quiet bass brings the icy cold guitar riffs to the forefront, creating and effect much like a Siberian snow storm:  bone chilling.  I mean, the guitars are so cold (but never harsh, mind you) that they actually make my teeth ache!  The only other band that has a similar PHYSICAL effect on me like that is The Who with Peter Townshend's amazingly textured and coloured guitar signatures... but back to Metallica.  The icy production only ENHANCES the album concept:  the abuse of Justice.  One can feel the cold lonlieness of the man wrongly condemned by a Judge who has been bought out, one can feel the isolation of a cold Korean hillside just like the blinded, shattered solder did in the song &quot;One&quot;. All in all a powerful album. Finally, drop me an email if you want to talk about my review or criticize it.   Do not email me if you're just going to say, &quot;hey man, Metallica rocks!&quot; - I already know that.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Before I saw this movie, I had been informed that the ending will blow your mind away. I thought, alright, let's see if it can surprise ME, who has experienced many surprise endings that failed to please.    So, the first third of the movie or so was alright...if it had continued like that it would have been a 3 star movie. The second third is when things really pick up, and when the movie's now famous central mystery gets kicked into full gear: Who is Keyser Soze? From the first mention of the name from the hospital patient, viewers will be slowly thinking up theory's of their own.    As the movie's last third comes in, the conclusion comes rolling in and I think: &quot;Thats IT?? Thats what everyones talking about!?&quot; Then in the last minute or two...BAM! The surprise ending comes barreling in at full speed and throws you off your couch. Worth watching again and again.
B0000024K1|1.0|THIS ALBUM IS RACIST, THE BLOODY BEEPING NOISE EVERY 2 LINES PISSES ME OFF, ITS PLAYED OUT DULL AND COMPLETELY OVERATED. HOW DID THEY MAKE SO MUCH MONEY OFF THIS GARBAGE ??, I WILL NEVER KNOW. HIP HOP IS MEANT TO BE FUN AND INTERESTING, IF YOU WANT EIGHTIES HIP HOP BY DE LA, OR TRY TRIBES CLASSIC FIRST 3 ALBUMS AND THE ROOTS PLEASE DONT TOUCH IT . ( AND THAT IS HELPFULL ).
B000000OSO|3.0|This to me was the start of the &quot;permanent vacation&quot; of Aerosmith &quot;pump&quot;ing out quality material--and the last thing I ever bought by them.  While this album still rocks in a lot of places, it is a frustrating listen at point for a band I used to consider great.  (I still love the classic '70's stuff right up through &quot;Pump&quot; despite massive overplay over the years.)  The release of &quot;Crazy&quot; as a single really did it for me.  That was the worst single of Aerosmith's career--until &quot;Pink&quot; and &quot;Don't Want To Miss a Thing&quot;, that is.  With their new album just out and getting mixed reviews and &quot;Jaded&quot; getting a lot of airplay, I still don't think I can jump back on this bandwagon.  Too bad, since this band used to be a favorite.  And I'm not one of those people who think only the old or &quot;classic&quot; stuff of an artist is good--I have stuff from the 1990s and 2000 from artists like Sammy Hagar, Night Ranger, Foreigner, and Motley Crue.  But this latest stuff by Aerosmith is more than I can stomach.  &quot;Get A Grip&quot; was just the beginning of that.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The key to watching this movie is to realize that it not only suggests an aggressive and destructive nihilism but also, in many ways, refutes it by the end of the movie.  The plot is stretched and distorted so many ways that you'll still be picking out new things the third and fourth time that you watch it.  Also a technically brilliant film that crafts a surreal and vicious atmosphere.  Not for the faint of heart or the overly judgemental this is a movie that drowns you in its own version of reality.  One of my favorite movies of all time.
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica's penultimate work.  Long, winding song structres that never seem forced, powerful lyrics delivered in a wonderful growl, and amazing guitars.  The only downer on this album is Lars Ulrich's sometimes annoying and often unimaginative drumming - however, he does get the drumming right as often as he fumbles it.  But it hardly matters, all other aspects of the album completely gloss over the drumming. On a secondary note, I love the production.  Many people criticize the production, especially the nearly non-existant bass.  I however, reguard this as a plus.  This quiet, quiet bass brings the icy cold guitar riffs to the forefront, creating and effect much like a Siberian snow storm:  bone chilling.  I mean, the guitars are so cold (but never harsh, mind you) that they actually make my teeth ache!  The only other band that has a similar PHYSICAL effect on me like that is The Who with Peter Townshend's amazingly textured and coloured guitar signatures... but back to Metallica.  The icy production only ENHANCES the album concept:  the abuse of Justice.  One can feel the cold lonlieness of the man wrongly condemned by a Judge who has been bought out, one can feel the isolation of a cold Korean hillside just like the blinded, shattered solder did in the song &quot;One&quot;. All in all a powerful album. Finally, drop me an email if you want to talk about my review or criticize it.   Do not email me if you're just going to say, &quot;hey man, Metallica rocks!&quot; - I already know that. Mrpanzer@aol.com
6300214184|4.0|This movie has some good music and dancing, in a sappy plot. But the music and dancing are not integral to the plot development; they do not carry the film in the way dancing carries &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; or &quot;The Turning Point&quot; (both of which have better dancing, by the way.)<br />But it's one of my favorite movies. Why? The director, Adrian Lyne, got his experience directing TV commercials, where the entire message has to be conveyed in 60 seconds, and in Flashdance every moment is contributing something. The key is the cinematography. Leonard Maltin calls Lyne a &quot;visual stylist&quot;, and he is, but he's more. He takes Roman Polanski's cinematographic innovations and pushes them to new limits; the camera tells the story.<br />When you watch &quot;Flashdance&quot;, watch how light and camera angle are used. Light: Pittsburgh light, hazy, smoky, dull, reflecting off puddles, blazing from lamps, dim, bright, strobe, whatever; lighting carries the mood of each scene. As for camera angle, in most movies we are observers, outside the movie, watching the actors. In some of &quot;Flashdance&quot; that is also true, but then in many places the camera angle shifts so we are inside the movie, seeing what one of the actors, or several of the actors, see at that moment. It just pulls you in. If you're not familiar with the film, the first time you watch it wait for the final &quot;audition&quot; scene, and watch how the camera is first an observer, before the dancer enters the audition room, then sees from the dancer's view as the audition begins, and then shifts to show us what the judges see, as the dancing becomes compelling. I don't know about you, but this grabs me and pulls me in; I could watch that scene five times running. And there are many other scenes in which camera angle is used similarly but not quite as obviously. I give this movie four stars; I would give it five if the music and dancing were as well integrated with the plot as in some othermovies.
0789723107|3.0|This book contains good guidelines on web design, but it's no more than a long article would contain.  The author admits in the acknowledgements that it took him 8 months to write this book, which is amazing to me because it is so slim on content. The book strains to fill its 190 pages. The pages are laid out with very little text on each page, and the book is filled with cutesy cartoons and tons of screen shots. The actual content takes up about half of the pages, the rest is full-color graphics. This seems a bit gratuitous to me. The $35 price tag implies a more intense, more fleshed-out book than this. I'd pay about $15 for this information. The other 20 bucks in the price pays for the full color on every page and the expensive paper that the book is printed on. It seems that they would have done well to include more info and less splash.  One more thing that you should keep in mind is that the last 50 pages are about how to conduct usability tests. So, the real &quot;meat&quot; of the book is 140 sparsely populated pages. But, this expensive meat is pretty good.
B000001FKY|5.0|What new could I say about this album after all these years?  Nothing really.  Yes, this was the beginning of them really heading toward the mainstream (Pyromania to me is their best and most rocking album), but it is nonetheless a masterpiece.  8 songs off this album made it onto rock and/or top 40 radio, and they all deserved it.  How can you not enjoy such hits as &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me&quot;, &quot;Love Bites&quot;, and &quot;Animal&quot;?  One very underrated track on this album is the opener &quot;Women&quot;, which hit something like #80 on the pop charts and was actually the lead single on the album.  It was 1 of 7 songs from this album that they played in concert when I saw them last fall.  Don't underestimate these guys--they still rock!  And for sure this album will always be the exclamation point on what has been an amazing career.  I'll still be playing this album in another 14 years, no doubt.
B00005A1PR|4.0|If you like the sounds of Me'Shell Ndegeocello, Tracy Chapman, and Dionne Farris, this is the one for you. I immediately noticed the clean sounds of conventional instruments smoothed over with a voice that reminds me of a ride through the the suburb on a sunny day with the sunroof open. As I have refered to other artist that compare to her, she too will be one that many will want to be compared to in the future. Don't hesitate, pick this one up.
6305750750|2.0|This movie was terrible. It has no right to have &quot;Star Wars&quot; anywhere in the title. Bad writing, bad characters and a bad move by Lucas to put out this sesame-street-meets-FlashGordon garbage.
B00004XQ83|5.0|The 'O Brother...' soundtrack not only tells the story of the southern US between the depression and WWII, but the music goes hand in hand with the story line of the movie.  As many reviewers note, the music is top notch with such bluegrass, folk, and country greats such as Ralph Stanley and the Stanley Brothers, Alison Krauss (who sings like an angel on 'Down to the River') and Emmylou Harris.  The centerpiece of the CD is clearly &quot;I am a Man of Constant Sorrow&quot;, presented in 4 different versions, and the musical theme that runs throughout the movie.  Two versions are distinctly different interpretations, one on acoustic guitar, one on fiddle.  The others are separate versions sung by Dan Tyminski (not George Clooney) of Alison Krauss' Union Station Band, one with only guitar accompanyment, the other with a full band.  There is also a sublte lyrical change in these two versions; the first says &quot;I am a man of constant sorrow&quot;, while the one played later on the soundtrack (and in the movie) says &quot;I am the man of constant sorrow.&quot;  Subtle, like I said, but crucial in telling the story.  And I think it was this thoughtful work of the Coen Brothers and T Bone Burnett that sets the O Brother soundtrack aside from other soundtracks which are often just a collection of songs that were used as background music.  O Brother (the CD) is a wonderful slice of Americana, and cannot be seen as separate from the movie as a storytelling device and work of art.
B000001EHS|4.0|From one of the most successful of the pop/metal bands of the '80's comes this sterling greatest hits collection.  Listening to it is an absolute delight, as virtually all of the songs are classic.  The problem with it is that certain other songs should be there.  I am aware that &quot;High and Dry&quot; came out before the band was that well known and popular, but how about including another track or two from that early album?  Also, more is needed from &quot;Pyromania&quot;--&quot;Too Late for Love&quot; and &quot;Rock Rock Til You Drop&quot; come to mind.  Is &quot;Miss You In a Heartbeat&quot; really a more significant Def Leppard song than this early stuff?  Nonetheless, still a classic listen.  Closer to 4 1/2 stars for one of my favorite all time bands.
B000056K04|1.0|Having spent the last 3 years itching for a new studio effort and being incredibly impressed with the new material showcased in the Summer 2000 tour, Everyday is a slap in the face.  Gone is the showcase of talent by each member of the band and in its place is a style (?) that reeks of Glenn Ballard.  Beauford, who is brilliant on every other release (live or studio), has resorted to simple 4-beats without any hint of his jazz background.  Tinsley and Moore are hardly in the spotlight and have been pushed to the back to perform standard pop arrangements transcribed for violin and sax.  The biggest disappointment comes from the bands namesake himself-where is your acoustic Dave??  Matthews electric guitar premiere muddles the whole album-it is not his forte and should have stayed unplugged and in the corner of the studio where he and Ballard first met.  <br />Everyday is certainly Dave Matthews Band's weakest release to date.  I can only hope that the impressive Lillywhite Sessions makes it to stores soon.
B000001FFR|4.0|No question that this is a classic of the thrash genre, although I won't say it's quite as good as Among the Living. Killer metal riffs, chugging tempos, often-humorous lyrics and the occasional goofball singalong chorus are the Anthrax trademark and STD has plenty of it. In addition to the loveable 'Madhouse', serious headbanging fun is to be had with 'A.I.R.' 'Stand or Fall' and 'Aftershock', while the closer 'Gung-Ho' is one of the fastest tracks I've heard from them. Not the very best thrash CD I've heard, but certainly up there.
B000002UDB|5.0|The great thing about &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; is that it's not really a &quot;concept&quot; album, or (intentionally, at least) a full album.  The movie only has the first 6 songs, and the rest were slapped on for use as a double EP.  Let's just talk about the songs now...<br />Magical Mystery Tour: Certainly not their best song, but a good bit of indulgence with some good vocals and a crazy horn arrangement (listen to them during the &quot;coming to take you away&quot; lyric - very cool sounds!)  Overall a good song, though.<br />The Fool On The Hill: Ok, I just like this song.  Very melodic, keeps the mood, and Paul plays some good recorder.<br />Flying: I really like this, simply as a fun instrumental, nothing more or less.  I like the mellotron and the superweird ending, as a good intro into...<br />Blue Jay Way: Most underrated of the songs on here.  It's an awesome psychedelic song.  George does really good on here, the lyrics nice and cryptic, the effects great (backward instruments, phased drums) and the vocals are fantastic!  The organ voice sound is so unique to The Beatles.  It's strikingly scary.<br />Your Mother Should Know: Like every Paul song on here, roots are very traditional and subtle psychedelic-poppy feel, not a bad thing.  If you skip it, you dont miss it.  But once it starts, you have to let it get you singing!<br />I Am The Walrus: What can I say that hasn't been said already?  The greatest psychedelic song of all time.  You have to hear it to believe it.<br />Hello Goodbye: A really great Paul song!  The feel of it, the drums, the bass, the guitar...it has a feel that overrides the actual song.  Real great stuff.<br />Strawberry Fields Forever: Oops, spoke too soon.  THIS is the greatest psychedelic song of all time...as well as the previously stated song.  People have got to give George Martin more credit!  Instanly recognizable.<br />Penny Lane: A great flipside to SFF.  Orchestral and epic sort of.  And it's one of Paul's best songs.<br />Baby You're A Rich Man: Highly nutritious portions of a catchy chorus, handclaps and trippy keyboard sounds really make this memorable.<br />All You Need Is Love: Need I say more?  Yes.  The song itself, even without all the instruments, would be great. A great descending song, good emotional stuff, and orchestral samplings of Glenn Miller and the french national anthem in the same song!<br />That's it.  Now go get it.
B0000025P9|5.0|Before I caught on to the hard/rock heavy metal craze that helped make the 1980s such an enjoyable decade of music, I was a young teenager listening to music like this.  After all these years, this music still sounds great and holds a place in my heart.  How can you go wrong with the amazingly catchy ear candy of &quot;Rosanna&quot; and &quot;Africa&quot;, not to mention the beautiful &quot;I Won't Hold You Back&quot;?  But Toto isn't just about their big hits.  Songs like &quot;Afraid of Love&quot;, &quot;Lovers in the Night&quot;, and &quot;It's a Feeling&quot; are all songs that I still enjoy listening to after all these years.  And while this band waned significantly in commercial success in the U.S. through the grunge and now &quot;boy band&quot; eras, they still do put out quality music.  Check out 1999's &quot;Mindfields&quot;, which while very long and not as commercial brings back the original lineup--including Bobby Kimball.  But for sure, Toto IV will always hold an esteemed place as one of the most enjoyable pop/rock albums of my generation.
B00004R9A4|5.0|Finally the version that I remember from when I was a child.  I thought maybe I had made up a lot of the scenes since the re-release, video and TV airings were hacked to pieces. This is a wonderful DVD with great sound and absolutely beautiful picture.  Angela is enchanting and magical.  But what a shame that &quot;A Step in the Right Direction&quot; is missing.  At least we still have the music. And I personally think the story and music are better than Mary Poppins.  Great family entertainment.
155890641X|5.0|Disney's divinative animated masterpiece....  What more need be said?  I am so pleased that it will finally be released on Disney DVD October 9th.  From Disney's official &quot;Snow White&quot; website....:<br />SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS will make it's long awaited Disney DVD debut on October 9, 2001 and will return to video in November 2001 for a very limited time, it was announced by Peter Schneider, Chairman of the Walt Disney Studios. Over 60 years ago, Walt and Roy Disney changed the face of entertainment forever with the first feature length animated film, SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS. Now, at last, families and movie lovers everywhere can enjoy this greatest of animated masterpieces through the magic of Disney DVD. The SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS DVD will be the ultimate way to experience this landmark film. This amazing treasure trove will represent the industry's first truly immersive DVD experience and includes bonus features, behind-the-scenes programs, production features, audio commentaries and much more, providing the most complete package ever assembled for this animated classic. Truly, the DVD release of SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS marks a new, historic milestone in entertainment history. Walt Disney Home Video is proud to present this beloved film's Disney DVD debut on October 9, 2001, and its return to video in November 2001. Commenting on the announcement, Schneider stated, &quot;The Walt Disney Company has been waiting for today's technology to rise and meet the initial creative brilliance of the One That Started It All. Through the magic of today's modern digital advancements, the artists at Disney have created the first immersive DVD experience that will certainly change the way families have watched films.&quot; &quot;The best way to celebrate a film-making breakthrough is to reveal it in its most magical form ever,&quot; Schneider concluded.<br />Snow White, the wicked Queen, Bashful, Sneezy, Doc, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and ofcourse Dopey are icons for generations of families. The film's music is also beloved to audiences worldwide. Such songs as &quot;Some Day My Prince Will Come,&quot; &quot;Heigh Ho&quot; and &quot;Whistle While You Work&quot; are classics. SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS is the first and only animated film to be included in the prestigious U.S. National Film Registry, and the film delivered an Academy Award® for Walt Disney, (1938, Honorary, SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS) who was also presented with seven miniature Oscars® for each of the famous dwarfs.<br />Disney's telling of SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS is the definitive version of this enchanting tale. In a faraway land a young princess lives, whose blossoming beauty disturbs her stepmother, the Queen. Each day the Queen asks her mysterious magic mirror to tell her &quot;who is the fairest of them all.&quot; When the mirror replies with Snow White's name, the evil Queen sets out to slay Snow White, but the young girl flees into the forest. There, she meets the Seven Dwarfs, who hide her as best they can. When the Queen tricks Snow White into eating a poison apple all seems lost, until a handsome Prince arrives to awaken Snow White and to live with her &quot;happily ever after.&quot; Disney's animated version of the classic fairy tale is the definitive version for generations of families. At long last, the legendary film that started it all for Disney, SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS, makes history again with its long-awaited debut on Disney DVD and return to home video.<br />Walt Disney Home Video is distributed by Buena Vista Home Entertainment, Inc., a recognized leader in the home entertainment industry for over 15 years and a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company. Buena Vista Home Entertainment is the marketing, sales and distribution company for all Walt Disney, Touchstone, Hollywood Pictures, Miramax and Buena Vista videocassette and DVD product.
0694013013|5.0|This is a great book for an active class.  Toddlers and preschool children love to get up and act the book out.  I have them act it out and yell &quot;I can do it&quot; after every page.  It's a fantastic book for a restless storytime.
0452282152|5.0|This is a perfect vacation/airplane/weekend escape novel.  It moves quickly and takes the reader away to a far-off land that is rich in history, yet not boring. After reading this book, you want to learn more about the life of Vermeer and the times that he lived in.  As a reader, you wish that Giert was  not merely a  fictionalized character , but that she really was The Girl With The Pearl Earring
0375501851|4.0|Zadie Smith's &quot;White Teeth&quot; is a pure delight and stands head and shoulders over most literary debuts. What carries this along is the vibrancy of the words; it boggles the mind to think how anyone, regardless of age, can make such ordinary lives come to life in such unexpectedly varied ways. The scope is what I like most about 'White Teeth.' Unlike most so-called literary novels, Smith takes on the big external issues -- race, class, history, even genetic engineering -- without losing her affection for her characters. Much like David Foster Wallace, or even (yes) Salman Rushdie, there is a big palette of ideas, places, and backgrounds on display here. Each character gets his or her full due and chance to make a deep impression, without the plot strands coming undone. It's a big ride, only sometimes pretentious, filled with great humor, satire, and best of all heart.
0812589041|5.0|This is by far one of the best books I've read, it may not have quotes you will remember the rest of your life, but it is still good.   For those who are thinking of buying this product, it's about a young boy named Ender going into a fighting academy in space, and him finding his deepest emotions, and greatest fears. An excellent plot and a damn good book.
B000056VIY|4.0|Like I said, this Cd is still pretty good. I like the popular song &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;, plus the jumpy &quot;Walking On Sunshine&quot;. But this album does have faults. For starters, Ms. Lopez cusses twice in the song &quot;Play&quot;. She says &quot;Play that s**t again&quot; about a minute and a half into the song, but it isn't too loud though. The real problem line comes about a minute later. She screams, &quot;Play My Motherf**king Song!&quot; in the background. Your partially deaf, 89 year old grandmother could hear this. The first time I played this track, I didn't know that this was in the song. When it came blaring through my speakers, I turned the volume down all the way and then turned the Cd off entirely, and it turned out that my mom heard anyway. Why did J.Lo, or her producers, choose to ambush unsuspecting listeners in this manner?  Also, another fault is that there aren't that many standout tracks in the album. Her previous, entirely clean album had songs such as &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; and &quot;If You Had My Love&quot;. Maybe even &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot;. If you're looking for a Cd to start you off with J.Lo's music, this isn't it. Buy her debut, On The 6.
6301978587|5.0|I enjoy this film very much. Although I agree with Leonard Maltin about the Funny Girl style ending, I didn't find it to be overlong at all.  It never lost my interest and I felt Yentl's emotions as thought I were she.  There are no adequate words to describe Mandy Patinkin - he is simply wonderful.  Maybe it wasn't a blockbuster but it's a favorite of mine.
B000056VIY|1.0|It's interesting to read the comments about Jennifer Lopez from some of her lovesick male fans!  She has a TON of them does she not?  Well, I'm a woman who sees her for exactly what she is...a very talented and beautiful actress that should stick to the silver screen.  I think this woman is EXTREMELY overrated, especially when it comes to her singing.  Her TRUE talent lies in her ability to market herself and keep the public's eye on her...in her private life as well as professional. Her second CD is mediocre at best.  I agree with another reviewer when he said that some of the lyrics of her songs are downright cheesy, and you get the feeling on some of these tracks that you've heard the lyrics before, only somewhere else!  Again I agree with the other reviewer when he says save your money, they will play these songs to death on the radio!
B000059MEK|5.0|Since the release of the Homework album, the two French DJ's or artist did it again by creating another album.  I first saw there first Homework hit Around the World and now with Discovery hit One More Time.  If you're a Dance or DJ music fanatic, this is a must buy for you! =)
B000055ZB8|5.0|The 2001 edition of this DVD from Image offers a vastly improved picture quality over the 1998 edition (which was made from a 1991 source).  To me the difference is so great it is day and night.  Where the picture was soft and contrasty in the '98 edition, it is now clear, sharp, and detailed in the 2001 edition.  One good example is in the scene where the hero first discovers a bite mark on his neck; the mark (just a black dot) could barely be seen on the 1998 edition, but it shows up clearly on the improved picture of the 2001 edition.  The 2001 edition is easily the best-looking version of the 1922 German silent classic and I doubt it could look any better.  I envy those who haven't seen the film and will see it on this DVD for the first time.<br />A new, more modern-sounding music score is included along with the more gothic organ score from the '98 edition.  Tinting has been modified in some shots; a scene on the beach is tinted in dull green instead of brown in the '98 edition.  Many intertitle cards have been re-written -- they are now generally more verbose.  Title cards representing reading material have also been re-designed with a more archaic-looking font, which might be harder to read for some.<br />The audio commentary is still here.  The still-frame gallery section is expanded, and the stills, badly scanned in the '98 edition, were re-scanned in much better quality for the '01 edition, some of them in color.  A new still-frame section, named &quot;A Tour of Nosferatu&quot;, gives a &quot;then-and-now&quot; comparison of the many locations seen in the film.  This is a clip of the &quot;phantom carriage&quot; scene shown in reverse black-and-white, showing that the carriage was actually cloaked in white when filmed.
1573225517|5.0|... and perhaps one of the best books about male psyche ever. (Right up there with Fight Club, by the way.)
B00002ZMNV|5.0|5 stars for sound, 5 for entertainment but only 3 for picture quality. Any review which says the sound quality on this dvd is bad is talking out of their arse and has probably been playing it through their stereo t.v. or 2 channel hi-fi amp. Run this baby through a 5.1 Dolby Digital amp and 6 speakers, close your eyes and you ARE at the concert, superb stuff. Just make sure you select the 5.1 option as it defaults to the 2.0 track. However, there are a couple of small points which I feel would have made this a must-have title for ANY music lover. The inclusion of a DTS soundtrack would have been a major addition along with a nice 16X9 anamorphic transfer (as it is the image quality isn't bad but it is a little soft and appears out of focus a few times, especially during the documentary). Finally, I'm not a huge Metallica fan but I think some of the song selections could have been better (Devil's Dance springs to mind) - songs like The Unforgiven I and II are perfect for his sort of musical arrangement.... maybe next time eh lads? All in all this dvd rocks. Excellent documentary, good use of angles (though a few more songs would have been nice).  The Ecstacy of Gold intro followed by Call of Ktulu are some of the best orchestrations I've ever heard and it just gets better, and heavier, from then on. When James and the lads saunder on during the Gold intro it's definitely a moment Nigel Tufnell would have been proud of.
B00003CWTH|5.0|The main reason this film was not a &quot;blockbuster&quot; is because its not the type of movie mainstream America likes.  There are no endless sex scenes, no 'shoot em up' car chases, and the plot is unique, rather than the usual 'boy meets girl' plots of the 90's and 00's.<br />This film was made for the rest of us, the ones who can see straight through the tripe that Hollywood keeps feeding us.  Finally, a film was made not to pander or placate, but to make people think.<br />If you are a person who appreciates a film for its beauty rather than its entertainment value, this ones for you!!!
B0000057C5|1.0|Everyone has its own likes and dislikes, equally respectable; my likes don't include Rammstein, as u can foresee. First, their attitude: they act as a sort of Mansonesque band on stage, which, sincerely, don't seem very original now. They just copy old Skinny Puppy's shows (in fact, I think their show artistic manager is the same; Second, their music: they think they have invented metal-industrial or something like that... wow, have u ever listened to OOMPH's records???? Rammstein is just a copy of this band, sorry, but that's the way it is, and their songs are metal in its structure, but they add some synths here &amp; there and hocus-pocus, here we are the gods of industrial... and everyone buys their records and hallucinates with this band. One said that, I repeat: everyone has its likes, I am very critical to this band, but I respect everyone who likes it, obviously. BUT I HATE RAMMSTEIN!!!!!!
B000000OSO|5.0|This is possibly the best album Aerosmith has put out to date. It is abundent in power ballads and hard rock which show that Aerosmith is still in the game. It pumps out heavy metal jams, such as &quot;Flesh&quot;(which shows other so called rockers like manson and metalica how it's done), that make you want to bang your head until it falls off. Get a Grip is a great preview of &quot;Nine Lives&quot; which has more loud pumping heavy rock than any of Aerosmiths albums. Get a Grip is a well balanced album with good ballads and hard, rock your socks off, screaming songs. It sounded like Aeosmith was experementing with this album a bit and it sounds like they had fun doing it. The hit the nail on the head with Get a Grip and it is definetly an album worth listing to at a party or just rockin' with every day.
B00000HYXB|4.0|Great epic an conceptula album. Very different form other Blind Guardian albuns. But to say the singer is great is a joke. His voice is annoying.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is a superbly crafted hyperbolic attack on american consumer culture, and will eventually be looked upon as one of the best films of the nineties. Witty dialogue, an unpredictable plot, and incredible sound and visual editing make this a DVD worth owning- and watching over and over again. It takes a good home entertainment system to do this film justice, which is in a way the ultimate irony...
0679428887|5.0|This book was really good.  It has helped me through life.  I owe my life to this book.  Rock on bizach's. Jon Eisenhart
B00003CXE7|5.0|Despite the fact that this movie takes a lot of it's cues from movies like &quot;Spartacus&quot;, &quot;Ben Hur&quot;, &quot;Fall of the Roman Empire&quot;, &quot;Rocky&quot;, and other hero/war/Roman movies there's something about it that made it into the movie that it is, a completely captivating, intriguing, emotionally draining, and fun epic.<br />The acting is superb, Crowe just eminates &quot;suffering talented guy&quot; and although he does nothing totally mindboggling he really does an overall fantastic job, better than any other this year. But the biggest surprise is Joaquin Phoenix. I'd never heard of him, as many people probably had never heard of him, till this movie. Then you leave saying &quot;who IS that guy?&quot;. He's good everyone, and he makes you love him and really, really hate him. He emotes through entire movie, whether its hatred, lust, or this anonymous feeling that makes you pity him. Then there are the supporting characters that make this such an ensemble piece, Connie Nielsen, Oliver Reed, Derek Jacobi, Richard Harris, they all do their part and make is superb.<br />The cinematography is good;  the score has some high points and low points; the plot twists in a way that would make Shakespeare proud.<br />There are aspects of this movie that are new to the movie scene, such as some of the themes, acting styles, and plot twists, and overall it has this power to it that nearly blows you away. It sucks you in from the first scene and doesn't let go till the very last , very intense, scene of the movie .  Bring a box of kleenex (honestly, seeing Russell Crowe WEEPING is enough to bring anyone to tears). <br />Other than I'd say &quot;Traffic&quot; this movie is the best of the year!
B00003XB8K|5.0|This is the best CD that Enigma has made so far.  There is not one track that didn't reach out and grab me.  I am a big fan of Delerium (especially the newer CD's like Karma, Poem, and Semantic Spaces) and I thought that this CD is just what I was looking for.  I was recommended this CD and I am so very glad that I bought it.  My favorite tracks are Gravity of Love (#3) awesome, very pretty, I love to sing along and turn it up the loudest on this track!  Modern Crusaders (#5) the best track that has Michael Cretu singing on it.  The Screen Behind the Mirror (#7) kind of a second part to Gravity of Love.  The whole CD is radical and I very much recommend this CD.  Lovely, lovely, lovely!
B000059R8Y|4.0|Try this with your programmable CD player.  Program these songs: 5.) Come Back Baby 3.) Traveling Light 8.) Ain't Going to Stand For It 2.) Got you On My Mind 9.) I Want A LIttle Girl 11.) Don't Let Me Be Lonely 14.) Son and Sylvia.   A great 30 minute set of new Clapton; add 30 or 40 more minutes from &quot;Riding With the King&quot; and who could have a better hour of music?  Try it!
B000056K04|3.0|After hearing some of the newest songs that the Dave Matthews Band tried out live in concert during the last of their touring before this new album, I was expecting for those songs to be put out on the next album.  Unfortunately the band decided to scrap this material entirely, and start from scratch.  What they have developed in the place of that album is good enjoyable pop, but it didn't quite live up to the expectations I had.  Some of those unreleased songs were incredible! And I'm sad to hear that they won't be officially released.  This new album is a departure from the acoustic driven jam material DMB fans have come to love.  This new album creates a compressed and direct approach, the individual instruments seem to be mushed into one sound, and are unidentifiable at times.  What is at the forefront is Dave's voice, which is the obvious highlight on this album.  But, where has the musicianship gone?  Where is the Feeling and emotion.  There are no real standouts here, most of the new songs get tiresome quickly.  But, if you're looking for good commercialized popcorn with processed butter, this is your cd.  If not, check out the band's earlier work.
0786915749|5.0|This work is pure genius.  I fell in love ith the characters immediately, and the series only gets better.  A rare find . . . Quite a treasure.
0783225970|1.0|First I must say that I am a *BIG* fan of mafia/ganster books and movies. Often you will find that bad reviews are given by people who are not fans of the genre (ie. they were never really interested in seeing the film in the first place) -- this is not the case with me. After reading all of the reviews on this site I thought that I had found a real winner. What I found was a movie that dragged on far too long and had a ridiculous plot. The movie is so bad that it isn't worth elaborating. I seem to be far out-numbered in my view on this movie but I stand by it!
6303187064|5.0|this movie,brandon lee's last,is pure genius at least.brandon lee's performance is chilling, swift, scary--yet also charming, cheerful, and witty.this is all-around a great movie for fans of adventure, horror, action, and martial arts movies.the crow is like black metal music+the rocky horror picture show+jackie chans first strike+a marilyn manson video.that pretty much somes up why this movie rules and why everyone must see it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|While I listened to this cd, I was thinking that some of the songs are typical pop, however, there is a maturity that was not present on her first album.  An example of this is the track &quot;Stronger,&quot; in this song she shows a little of her vocal ability.  This is also true for &quot;Lucky&quot; and &quot;What You See...&quot; the lyrics dig a little deeper on an emotional level.  There is one song that could be considered &quot;a bad idea&quot; and that is the cover of The Rolling Stones &quot;Satisfaction.&quot;  Of course this is only my opinion, and it is based the feeling that cover songs are fillers for incomplete album.  This one is far from imcomplete, and doesn't need extra track to make the customer feel like the got their moneys worth, Britney does this just fine with her original songs on the album.  The rest of the tracks are enjoyable and fun to listen to save one.  There is one song on this cd that is by far the best song that I have heard in a very long time.  It is &quot;Where Are You Now&quot; This song is a power ballad where Britney does her very best to silence those that say she can't sing.  The girl can sing, and sings very well, her voice soars over the chours of singers like no other song on pop radio.  After hearing this song I was truly speechless, as soon as the track finished.  I played it again, and just listened to the entire song in awe.  This song is the best on the album, and it is a very good album.
6305910103|5.0|This is without a shadow of a doubt the best Star Trek movie with the original crew. A great villian, Khan Noonian Singh (Ricardo Montalban), Kirk, Spock, Bones, Scotty et al at their best. A great story, plenty of action, a terrific score by James Horner, excellent special effects by ILM.<br />Kirsty Alley played Saavik well (as opposed to the store-dummy in Star Trek 3).<br />It's a good transfer, best quality since I saw it when it was first released back in 1982 (all the TV/cable recordings I've seen have sucked).
0694013889|5.0|I am an early childhood educator, and from my experience as a parent and teacher of two year olds, I must say that this is the definitive potty primer.  Once Upon a Potty is the only book/video set which details exactly what a child will go through. It labels body parts as a part of the explanation, which really pulls it together for a small child.  I used the &quot;boy&quot; set for my boy, and I'm using the &quot;girl&quot; set for my girl.  I've tried other books and videos, and this is the only book and tape that uses language and imagery that is exactly age-appropriate for a two year old.  Age-appropriate communication is critical, especially with such an important developmental issue.  Newer tapes (Big Blue House) discuss emotions but completely avoid toileting itself, and are therefore useless to a two year old.  Grown-ups may complain about two-dimensional pictures or the type of potty depicted, but used with the video (which uses a terrific one-piece potty by Baby-Bjorn) nothing could be more entertaining or communicate more clearly to your young child. If you child is older, (3 and older) I recommend &quot;Winston's Potty Chair&quot;, a video by the American Medical Association.   The children depicted look like toddlers, but speak like older 3 year olds, and Winston's story is a bit more sophisticated.
B000024D4R|5.0|Last year, I fell in love with Pink Floyd. The first album I bought of theirs was DSotM, then The Wall, WYWH, Meddle, and now this. Out of these five albums, this is tied with Meddle and WYWH for the best album Pink Floyd's done. Of course, I haven't listened to every single album of theirs, but out of the five I have listened to, this is definitely one of their best.            The first track is 'Pigs on the Wing 1', a quiet, one minute acoustic song with Waters as lead vocals. This and the end track of Animals are vital to the album as a whole; without these two songs, Animals would not be as good.           The next track is the 17-minute masterpiece 'Dogs', in which David Gilmour and Roger Waters talk about one of the three classes of humans in the world. The middle of the song features an outstanding guitar solo from Gilmour, the best he's ever done besides Comfortably Numb. During the middle of the guitar solo, Water starts to sing, and at the end, he sings 'Have a good drown, all alone, dragged down by the stone...' The word 'stone' is then repeated for about a minute while it slowly fades away into nothingness. Very interesting.            After 'Dogs' is my personal favorite, 'Pigs (Three Different Ones)'. An 11-minute piece, Waters bashes three types of 'pigs' in the world (the third being an actual person): the obese, the homeless, and Mary Whitehouse. I love this track, simply for its strong and powerful lyrics ('Hey you Whitehouse, ha ha, charade you are... Mary, you're nearly a treat, but you're really a cry'), and the great music accompanying Waters' bitter and angry voice. Like I said before, my personal favorite on the album.            The final classification of humans, 'Sheep', a 10-minute cut is probably my least favorite track on the album, but it's still very, very good. Towards the middle of the song, there's a very creepy sort of interlude where... well, you'll just have to listen to it for yourself. My favorite part of the song is when inthe background, the words 'stone' start up again from 'Dogs', fitting in perfectly with the melody; it sounds really cool when you actually hear it.            The last song, 'Pigs on the Wing 2', is a reprise of Part 1, finishing off Animals with a reminder that no matter how bad the world may be, love still exists... corny, I know, but it makes enough sense to me.            To sum it up, this album is a must-have for rock and roll fans, especially if you like prog-rock and/or acid-rock, or if you have a strong opinion on politics and the world. Pink Floyd was way ahead of its time, and because of that this album is one of my favorites of all-time.
B00004XQ83|5.0|When people say &quot;Wow!&quot;, they're not exaggerating.  I'm a fan of the movie, but you don't even need to have seen it to love this CD. From the opening beats of an actual 1959 chain-gang singing &quot;Po Lazarus&quot; through the final harmonic strains of &quot;Angel Band&quot;, this CD pulses with more life than any pre-packaged, over-produced, over-hyped pop band.<br />This is grass-roots stuff that could re-introduce the world to the pure beauty of old-time folk/country, bluegrass, blues and gospel and remind us that there is considerable beauty in music that's created without a single instrument that has to be plugged in to an outlet.<br />The liner notes say the music preceded the film and that is no surprise.  The Coen brothers are uniquely able to make a film and soundtrack based on existing material coalesce into something wonderful, and theirs and producer T Bone Burnett's conviction in the material never wavers for a second.<br />This album is good enough to be a litmus test: If you don't like it, you can probably just pay your regards to the South and never bother with anything even remotely country-esque again.  But if you haven't heard it then you don't know what it can be.
630529142X|3.0|I think the world is burned out on Adam Sandler.  After bursting onto the big screen with Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison, each movie is doing progressively worse than the last. This movie is like Forrest Gump on the bayou.  The village idiot becomes an accidental football star, almost loses the big game, but of course comes through and saves the day.  Kathy Bates was funny as his overbearing mother and Fairuza Balk as his crazy girlfriend, but that's about it...
014100018X|2.0|I was disappointed with this book.  It was too slow going in  the scenes with the priest and I was easily bored for most of it.  Also, I feel that Ms. Harris's attemps to be secretive only backfire - I was not dying to unravel any mysteries, I truly wanted to just finish so I could start a better book. <br />I love the concept, but it could have been better executed.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This movie is like a who's who of Hollywood.  Salma Hayek...Chris Rock...Matt Damon...Ben Affleck...Alanis Morrisette?!?<br />This is the story of two fallen angels (Damon and Affleck) who find a loophole to get into heaven.  But there is one catch.  Doing so will undo existence as we know it.  The last scion is dispatched to save existence and does, with a little help from the 13th apostle (Rock), a muse (Hayek) and 2 unlikely prophets (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith).<br />There is not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  Other than a rather bloody ending, this movie is hysterical.  George Carlin is hilarious as Cardinal Glick and Alanis Morrisette as...well you have to see it to find out!
B00003CXFG|4.0|I rented &quot;Pitch Black&quot; the other night, I have been wanting to see it for quite sometime when it came out in theaters due to the welcoming response it got from critics.<br />Here is a picture that was not big big budget, had no stars, or gimmicks or big promotional plan.  It came and went.<br />I was totally blown away by the acting, the film techniques, the special effects, and the plot....Yes there was a plot and a surprise twist at the end which of course I will not give away.<br />It was so nice to watch a movie not knowing what I was in for, not expecting what was going to happen next, and no trailers to spoil the ending.<br />This was a nice treat, that did not get its due.  &quot;Pitch Black&quot; should of been the sleeper hit for the summer.  Here is a movie I found more interesting, plot provoking, and visually breathtaking - and movies like &quot;Gladiator&quot; win best picture....Go figure.<br />It is worth a spin in the DVD.
6303109950|5.0|I watch this movie at least once or twice a month.  I don't ever get tired of it.  The visual images are great.  The story, while punctuated with artistic liberties, is well told.  All of the actors did a fabulous job.  In fact, I can't think of a bad performance in the entire film.  Everyone seems to love Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday.  Watch the movie.  It's easy to see why. The man absolutely steals the show, but in a realistic way.  This is absolutely one of my favorite shows and the best western ever!  Ladies, if your husband wants to rent this one, don't object, just watch it with him and I promise you won't regret it.
0321012542|5.0|Students and various e-mail correspondents often ask me which single-volume Shakespeare edition I would recommend, and I never hesitate in naming this one, as I think it has a long lead over its rivals. I have myself used the 1992 printing with amazing frequency both in research and in teaching, and always with advantage.<br />Why is this the best edition for a reader who wants as much as possible within the confines of a single book? First, it should be pointed out that unannotated editions such as the Oxford Complete Works are all in all of comparatively little use as even expert Renaissance scholars - leave alone inexpert readers -  cannot read Shakespeare's language unaided; there are simply far too many words, features of grammar, etc., which a modern reader is certain to interpret inaccurately or not to understand at all. So it is essential to have intelligent and well-informed annotation that will help one to understand the text. Bevington's is extraordinarily good: knowledgeable, precise, and helpfully clear.<br />Second, an editor needs to be able to produce a responsible modernised text. Shakespeare cannot be understood by many unless he is read in modern spelling, and the punctuation of his period, too, often leads most modern readers astray. Bevington's modernisation of the text is exemplary. Furthermore, his handling of the many thorny textual problems is also outstanding for the knowledge and the judgement that he brings to bear. For example, the Oxford people unwisely and on poor grounds print two separate versions of *King Lear*, and Bevington has been exceptional in rejecting that approach and producing a persuasively and intelligibly \\"conflated\\" text (much better, by the way, than the conflated version in the Arden text edited in 1997 by R.A. Foakes).<br />Most readers of the plays who are not already quite familar with them will want good, perceptive and comprehensive introductions to them, and in this area, too, Bevington excels, demonstrating an awareness of modern approaches and interests without falling victim to trendiness. He offers introductions which are never dull but, however exciting and illuminating, always sensible.<br />The general introductory and accompanying material made available elsewhere in the book is equally useful, revealing, and accurate; and the book is well produced. It is amazingly cheap for the remarkable value it offers.<br />This, then, is not only the best single-volume Shakespeare available, but is by any standard as good an edition as anyone could possibly expect. I add that in my personal view Bevington is probably the only scholar at present alive who could have produced so excellent a single-volume edition. Unreservedly recommended. NOTE: this is a specific review of the FOURTH edition, which to my mind is by far the best, and the only one which I unhesitatingly recommend.f modern approaches and interests without falling victim to trendiness. He offers introductions which are never dull but, however exciting and illuminating, always sensible.  The general introductory and accompanying material made available elsewhere in the book is equally useful, revealing, and accurate; and the book is well produced. It is amazingly cheap for the remarkable value it offers.  This, then, is not only the best single-volume Shakespeare available, but is by any standard as good an edition as anyone could possibly expect. I add that in my personal view Bevington is probably the only scholar at present alive who could have produced so excellent a single-volume edition. Unreservedly recommended. NOTE: this is a specific review of the FOURTH edition, which to my mind is by far the best, and the only one which I unhesitatingly recommend.
B000002P2V|4.0|Who Are You was the final album made by the original Who quartet.  The album is the least consistent of the original lineup's career, but the high quality of several of the songs make up for the lackluster ones.  The title track as legend would have it was inspired by a situation where a drunken Pete Townshend got into a fight with some punks and they uttered the line who the f*** are you to him.  The song is an instant classic with it's pulsating beat and first rate vocal performance by Roger Daltry.  &quot;New Song&quot; is a catchy song about artists recycling their material and &quot;Sister Disco&quot; is a strong rocker in a &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; vein.  Other songs like &quot;Guitar &amp; The Pen&quot;, &quot;Trick Of The Light&quot; &amp; &quot;Music Must Change&quot; fall short.  The reissue contains some nice outtakes including an early version of &quot;Empty Glass&quot; and a version of the title track with a lost verse.  Sadly, Keith Moon would pass away shortly after the album's release thus extinguishing one of the brightest drumming flames in rock history and ending one of the greatest bands of all-time. The Who would go on, but without Keith Moon, they were never the same.
0446310786|4.0|Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird is a timeless classic, the brightest, most realistic story of children growing up that could ever be told.  A rarety amongst literature, To Kill A Mockingbird develops charcters that we care for, and anger that we feel towards the way we, the American people, once were.  The book does drag a bit at some parts, mainly the beginning, but the overall concept and emotion that stays with the reader upon the conclusion of the novel, far overshadows any down point in the book.  We watch as both children and adults, grow through the pages, their knowledge, but most of all, their feelings towards Tom Robinson and his family; it transcends and develops into a love far untouched in any other novel of its kind.  To Kill A Mockingbird is a heartfelt book, which will be remembered for many years to come.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|After having listened to this cd a few times, I find myself wondering why I like it so much.  Generally I find music like this annoying, and boring.  Then I realized that that's the beauty of ATDI, they make you like them.  Something about these songs keeps you coming back for more, wanting to hear it again just to make sure.  Personally, the best songs on here are &quot;Pattern Against User&quot; (with one of the coolest bridge sections I've heard in a while)  &quot;One Armed Scissor&quot; (I guess that would make it a knife)  &quot;Invalid Letter Dept.&quot;  (Creepy, man)  &quot;Enfilade,&quot; &quot;Quarantined&quot; and &quot;Non-Zero Possibility&quot; (listen to this one in the dark).            At the Drive-In will inevitably be hated by hard-core Limp Bizkit fans, and people with no patience.  This band is fresh and smart.  You should give this one a shot.  I first saw them on Farmclub and was turned off by the music, but mesmerized by the performance.  (Two giant afros bouncing happily across the screen)  I hope to seem them live sometime.  This one rocks [....]  Buy it now.<br />00 people will find this review helpful.
B000002J27|5.0|I bought this cd after a chance hearing of 'Squonk'. I thought the song very cool and refeshing since I'd never heard it before. And, being Genesis, I also figured it would be an excellent all-around disc as well. I was not wrong. Of course, there is your token duds ('Dancing on a Volcano' and 'Robbery Assault &amp; Battery'), but 'Entangled', 'Squonk', 'Ripples', and 'A Trick of the Tail' are great. Very good music to relax to with the lights dimmed. This is my first Genesis album, and I am looking forward to discovering more of their most excellent 70's stuff. I good change to when music was real and not canned and pre-packaged for the consumers the way it, unfortunately, is now.
6301978587|2.0|It would take quite an achievement to turn Singer's mavelous writing into something more or less like a Lifetime Network made for TV special.  The beauty and sensitivity of his writing and characterizations winds up lost in a vortex of Babs' narcissism and the result is close to sacrilegious.  One can clearly see the level of Streisand's abilities in the conversion of such a timeless literary masterpiece into a pure exercise in kitsch and cliche, while perpetually playing &quot;mirror, mirror on the wall....&quot;  Judging from the reactions often on Amy Irving's and Mandy Patinkin's faces, they were both perceptive enough to know it, but classy enough not to come out and say so.  If abasement of the wonderful culture of the prewar Eastern European shtetls is a major avocation, this one is not to be missed and ranks up there with Jerry Lewis' magisterial The Day the Clown Cried.
6305132984|2.0|Why on earth would the genius minds at MGM release a DVD of West Side Story about Puerto Rican Americans and only offer subtitles  in English and French?  Do they really think the tiny French speaking population in the US is a more important customer base than the huge Spanish speaking population?   Most DVDs released in the US are subtitled only in English and French.  Someone probably knows why.  But films that would especially appeal to a Latin audience should also include Spanish subtitles.
B00003CXMG|5.0|There is something about Cameron Crowe movies which touches a chord somewhere deep inside,nevermind what the movie is about.Hence for someone like me who happens to have grown up during the 90's and having a very faint idea about the rollicking 70's(yeah that of sex,drugs an' rock an' roll)this movie was about alot of things.Music,friendship,love and most importantly growing up which is not a easy thing to do.Hence through the eyes of a fifteen year old unfolds a story which is extremely engrossing and bittersweet.While watching this movie my attention did not waver even for a single second because I wanted to catch every word and every expression.There are a host of characters in this movie Russell the enigmatic band leader,Penny Lane the lovely but somehow naive bandaid,William's overprotective but endearing mother and finally young william who just wants to be cool.The entire movie is filled with songs that go on to enhance every scene and great dialogue and acting.This is what I call a complete movie,one which stays with you for a long time and which you dont mind watching over and over again.
0684853523|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book - both the autobiographical first section and the chapters following on the specifics of &quot;writing a la King&quot;.  His analysis and dissection of rewriting the Second Draft were particularly telling - it's helpful to see this stuff in action!  It's rare to be given so deep a look into the creative process of a successful individual artist - and Mr. King reveals the style AND substance of his prolific output in this book.  Highly recommended.
B000056K04|3.0|This certainly doesn't sound like the Dave Matthews Band, but it passes for relatively respectable, though far from stellar.  With new producer Glen Ballard, who with Matthews wrote all of the songs, the band seems to have abandoned its old sound and gone with a trimmed down (songs are all around 4 minutes), almost adult contemporary approach.  This is a disappointment to fans of the old Dave sound, but this new poppy approach will probably bring new fans, which I suppose is positive in some ways, but at the same time a bit of a disappointment because it seems that perhaps that one of the reasons the album was written in the first place was to bring Dave to a wider audience. (i.e. old people and VH1/MTV viewers?)  I dont really think this is necessary, I mean, Dave sells out stadiums in cities all over the United States, does he need more fans?  This said, the album is not a total bust, just a different sound than I'm used to from Dave, and one that I'm not as fond of as the sound from his previous efforts.  After hearing the album that was supposed to be released ..., this album is even more of a disappointment.  Hopefully the Steve Lillywhite sessions will be released on CD...I guess when we hear the Everyday songs live, we'll know if Dave still has it...But I still wish that the Steve Lillywhite album was the album on shelves now instead of this new, adult-pop sound...
B000002P6R|4.0|Seriously, yes, i understand that Kenny Jones is nothing close to Keith Moon, and being a drummer, i can totally aprpeciate Keith's style, but this is still The Who all the way!  All you die hard Who purists need to lighten up a bit.  Are you seriously gonna rag on a great band just because they decided to continue without Moon?  You guys would have been unhappy with any drumemr they picked, so give it a rest.  This album is packed full of solid material.  yes, not as great as their classic stuff, but great nonetheless.  &quot;You Better You Bet&quot; is an instant classic, and &quot;Don't Let Go the Coat&quot; demonstrates the band's ability to harmonize.  Overall, a great album.
B000002KHY|5.0|I really haven't much to add to the reviews already written about this wonderful album.  I guess what I really love the most about JT's Greatest Hits is that it's one album my Dad and I both really enjoyed.  Even though he and I both loved music, there were very few artists we agreed on, and James Taylor was one of them.  At the one JT concert I was fortunate enough to attend, there were people from all walks of life just lost in the music.  He opened with &quot;Something in the Way She Moves&quot; (as this album does) unaccompanied on acoustic guitar, an excellent rendition of my personal favorite Taylor song.  The songlist was essentially: songs from 'Hourglass'; three songs from the album &quot;JT&quot; (Handy Man, Secret of Life, and Your Smiling Face, for anyone interested), and all twelve songs from this recording.  All together, the best concert I've ever attended.<br />There was one review I read which asserted that anyone who had the &quot;James Taylor Live&quot; double CD did not need to purchase this album because every song on 'Hits' was on 'Live' as well.  While the latter statement is true, Greatest Hits is still very essential.  At least for me, the original studio version of &quot;Fire and Rain&quot; is much more stirring than the 90's live version.  I think that's because the studio version was recorded much closer to the event which was the impetus for the song.  Also, the version of 'Steamroller' on Hits is THE definitive version of that song.  Now that JT has gotten older, his voice has actually gotten better in my opinion.  But that notwithstanding, he's never, EVER going to do a better live version of Steamroller than the one on 'Greatest Hits'.
0553277472|3.0|I read this book for my English class in high school, and I have to admit, the book was surprisingly engrossing for all its technical difficulties.  It was indeed an interesting read. However, as a novel, the book contained too much philosophical lecturing to feel like a novel, but too little real philosophy to feel be enlightening.  Some of his adventures (however metaphysical) were interesting, though.  The author does present an interesting objection to our common senses.  Still, almost all the arguments in this book were from sources that I already knew, and there was no real new insight being revealed.  I guess the most accurate way to describe my response would be to just classify as an ocassionally thought-provoking book.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I have to agree with everyone else that this is a mind-shattering CD! India Arie not only has an amazing, awe-inspiring voice, but deep lyrics and beautiful music to accompany it. The title of the CD describes it all:  Acoustic Soul.  Listen to the samples and you will be hooked.
0785787135|4.0|&quot;Mists Of Avalon&quot; is fun,but I am surprised with all the fuss about it,since it does not deserve to be called &quot;the best book I ever read&quot...or to be taken seriously enough to discuss historical details.If you are reading it as it is - light entertainment - its hard to resist,in a manner of say,Jackie Collins in Camelot.As bombastic praises from cover declare,its written from &quot;woman's point of view&quot; and we have &quot;magical saga of the women behind King Arthur's trone&quot; - ha,after reading the book it seems that women have only sex &amp; witchraft on their minds all the time.Its easy to see its appeal for younger readers,since its basically TV soup opera about who slept with who,but readers who expect something deeper would prefer to have their King Arthur taken more seriously.I was curious enough to finish all,but I took it as it is,without pretentions that it's &quot;magical saga&quot;.
B000056K04|2.0|Its a good album, but not what I've come to expect from Dave over the years.  Unexpected is fine.  But, when it is what you'd expect from any number of overproduced, undertalented pop bands, well it sucks.  They're on TRL for cryin out loud.  But, I digress... I'm just gonna pretend this album never was released and go download the LillyWhite sessions and rock myself into musical oblivion.
B00004LN16|2.0|At my teenage son's urging, I recently listened to this disc (twice) ... while it IS a more encouraging effort than the last few, it still pales -- and very much so -- in comparison to '70s-vintage Bon Scott stuff. In other words, it's about a 4 on a scale of 1 to 10 (compared to recent ones scoring 1 or 2), but the WORST of Bon's albums was a 7 or 8.<br />And I have to agree with some other reviews here. Brian Johnson's voice sounds totally shot ... he relies way too much on the gravelly sound in hopes we'll ignore the actual SINGING. Such was obvious, for instance, at their live show in Greensboro NC the other night. Johnson doesn't get anywhere NEAR some of the high notes any more ... and these in the songs written by/for HIM, much less the Bon stuff (and nothing against Johnson, but hearing &quot;Bon's songs&quot; sung by ANY other voice is simply a disappointment).<br />Speaking of that show (and to support my critique) ... for a tour that's supposedly in support of &quot;Stiff Upper Lip,&quot; I found it incredibly telling that the band only played two (or was it three?) songs off this album. The show relied HEAVILY on the old stuff. So I'll give 'em credit ... these guys know what the long-time fans want -- and don't want -- to hear.<br />So if you've just GOTTA have Brian Johnson's vocals, stick with &quot;Back in Black&quot; (and we conspiracy theorists still believe that most/all of that one was written before Bon died, anyway) ... otherwise, stock up on Bon Scott's stuff, crank up the volume, and let 'em rock.
B000002KP3|5.0|Every song on this album is essential; it is totally fun to listen to. Make your friends mix tapes with this stuff. T. Rex is not a very well-known band in the U.S. Their sound was a little weird, very glam rockish. Buy this album, preferably from your local record store and not from a giant online corporation, though. Very essential for the rock music fan.  &quot;Girl&quot;, &quot;Jeepster&quot; and of course &quot;Bang a Gong&quot; are especially good.
B000002HAJ|5.0|I HEARD ABOUT CURE BUT HAD NOT LISTENED TO ANY SONG BY THEM EXCEPT BURN. THANKS TO AMAZON REVIEWERS WHO SERVE AS A TRUE GUIDELINERS FOR ME AND BECAME A SOURCE OF INTRODUCTION TO THIS WONDERFUL BAND. I HAVE RECENTLY PURCHASED WISH, DISINTEGRATION AND KISS ME KISS ME.. AND ALL THE THREE ARE WONDERFUL. HOWEVER THE SLOW BALADS IN THIS ALBUM ARE ABSOLUTELY AWESOME. MY FAVOURITES ARE ALL THE THREE SLOW BALADS (APART, TRUST, TO WISH IMPOSSIBLE THINGS) ALONG WITH 'HIGH', FRIDAY IM IN LOVE AND LETTER TO ELISE. WONDERFUL CD. EXCELLANT MUSICIAN SHIP, GREAT LYRICS. AND BEST BRITISH BAND AFTER PINK FLOYD. CHAOS!
B000002MFQ|5.0|TUBULAR BELLS 2 IS THE BEST ALBUM THAT MIKE OLDFIELD HAD DONE IN AGES WITH SUCH TRACKS AS SENTINAL, TATTOO, SUNJAMMER &amp; THE BELL WHICH STAND OUT A MILE.  A TRUE CLASSIC FROM A BRILLIANT ARTIST.
B000050IKM|4.0|This only video of this series we have seen.  From the reaction and interest of my 7 month old and 3 year old, I will be getting the other videos.  I was skeptical when I received the video as a gift.  However, it quickly got my 7month olds attention and kept it throughout the video (except for a couple minutes).  It is the only video we have (and we have many) that I don't mind listening to all afternoon.
0792838084|5.0|Blue Velvet is easily David Lynch's finest creation, but it may also be the best movie I have ever seen.<br />Lynch has always had a impressive ability to create beautiful and haunting scenes in film.  His major fault is that he often has trouble inserting these scenes into a coherent, meaningful film.  However, this is not the case with Blue Velvet, which is tightly put together.  Indeed, his technical mastery and focus on his story rivals Hitchcock's best in my opinion (and the influence of Hitchcock subtly permeates the film).<br />It seems that many critics have missed the mark in Lynch's almost unbearably sacharine presentation of small town America.  They interpret this as a tongue in cheek attack, and claim that the following deviance we see in the film is an indictment of the sordid underbelly that lies beneath all such communities.  In my opinion this could not be further from the case.  Lynch beleives in pure goodness as an idea, and in many of his projects he creates a small town that is literally dripping with basic, simple human kindness (the kind of way we saw life when we were young, playing at our grandmothers before we knew about sex, murder, death, drugs and such 'adult' things).<br />Lynch likes to insert beside such idyllic settings their opposite: forces of darkness (which for Lynch are forces of corruption and perversion).  In this film we find it in Frank (paralleled by BOB in Twin Peaks and the Man in Black in Lost Highways), a sadistic drug addicted thug and his demonic consorts.<br />Another common theme of Lynch's occurs: a basically good, naive hero is placed between these worlds and pulled by both.  The hero of the movie vacillitates between the visceral attractions of drugs, violence and sex and the more traditional world of pure love, family, and community.  He is all of us: unlike some of the uncorruptable characters in the film that help him he can fall and become like Frank (which is why Frank says to him &quot;In dreams I walk withyou&quot;).  We face this pull more than we know, and we also must know that others around us may not only be facing it, but losing to the dark side.  Do we dare help them, as Blue Velvet's hero does, knowing that we too may be tempted?
0897500482|4.0|I think this book includes alot of interesting facts concerning jeet kune do. I have read it and i belive it could have been organized as to the pictures a little bit better.I in the past have studies other forms of martial arts and i honestly favor jeet kune do although it isnt clasified as a style. Furthermore i really recomend this book in a persons search of expressing the wonders of the human body and beeing a better person trough anf trough as you learn in this sertain book about the teaching of who i consider s role model ,Bruce Lee....
B0000542D2|5.0|Enough already. We all know this is a great movie. SO WHEN IS IT GOING TO BE AVAILABLE ON DVD? Getting tired of waiting.
B000002UWP|5.0|Joyride is what the early nineties were all about. Roxette had to make an album better than Look Sharp and made this one, a sixty-minute package of hits. The most famous songs, &quot;Joyride&quot; and &quot;Fading Like A Flower&quot; are great, but songs like &quot;Church Of Your Heart&quot;, &quot;Perfect Day&quot; and &quot;I Remember You&quot; are just as great. This is an album every lover of good music ala Tom Petty should own. It's a manifest of how good you can make an album without being put to jail for making it too good.
B000007SPT|5.0|After listening to this album once, I knew this would be a staple of my CD collection. Brooding, introspective music set in a mood as dark as the album cover. This album is not for those looking for chipper, happy music. Song of the Siren has a haunting, downright eerie sound to it and along with the lyrics, makes for a heartbreaking piece of music. Sometimes it's the songs of heartbreak and sorrow which have the most impact to a listener.
0312117337|5.0|When I first started tarot reading I was shown a Rider-Waite deck.  I was told to go and pick a deck of my own based on the &quot;vibes&quot; I got from the deck.  Not pictures or meanings, just feelings from the actual deck.  I picked this deck from many others.    I have made friends cry because of how deep these cards can go to the heart of the matter.  I loved how easy the book was to use and how lovingly it was written.  The art work on the cards puts everyone in awe.  They help to give you inner meaning to real problems we face.  They also help to see how we can change these problems and make our lives better, by first focusing on our inner spirit and outlook.   Unlike other decks I have read from, the Osho Zen deck challenges you to see your problems as your own, and they act as a loving guide to change your view of yourself in the world, and then, through an inner acceptance of yourself, to change how you interact in the world.     This deck really means a lot to me and my closed friends.  I really recommend it to any beginner, and especially for those who are looking for a deeper meaning and better understanding of life's experiences.
B00003CXSP|2.0|... this movie had no tension at any point.  That is what is so great about the first two Hannibal Lector films, but Ridley decided to pass that up and go for show everything attitude.  Well this failed miserably.  In my opinion, I don't think this movie should have ever been made.  They should have just let it die in the novel.  The only, and I stress ONLY, bright spot in this entire turd is how well Julianne Moore was able to nail Jodie Foster doing Clarice.  It was uncanny.  That's it I'm DONE.
0385501005|3.0|friday, march 30th 11:00 P.M. :<br />began reading mr. commitment at work after having heard such glorious things  about the book, and its wonderful character, duffy,who is  shamelessly patterned after bridget jones a male neurotic without the lists,  but he loves star trek...<br />saturday march 31st 12:05 P.M.:<br />i'm now more than 3/4's  of the way through this book and i'm convinced that this is nothing more than a rewriting of high fidelity, but unlike rob, duffy is a comedian. if so, how come i don't see him doing any stand-up?  why are the other supporting characters so cardboard?<br />monday april 2, 11: P.M.:<br />finished the book.its not a bad story...commitmentphobia told from the male's point of view...on the plus side...he made his characters and his story universal; they'r not black or white: i guess gayle wants people to see him not as black writer but as a writer who happens to be black. this is a good thing... some of cliches i could see a mile away, and yet i still enjoyed the book...downside: gayle is merely riding the bridget jones wave: writers writing books about neurotics trapped in arrested development. but he has talent..i think he will write better stuff...this will have to do for now...
B00003CXRM|5.0|I've been anticipating this film for several months, and when I finally got the chance to see it, I was not disappointed.  The Coen brothers are the masters of subtle comedy that make their stories able to be watched over and over again while still seeming fresh.  Roger Deakins was robbed this past Oscar night for the Best Cinematography award.  The cinematography in this film is amazing.  He was able to give it the gritty feeling of the time period, while still keeping it bright and sunny, just beautiful.  For everyone that hasn't seen it this film, find it and see it, it's funny, well written, and well photographed.  Watch out for that cow!  That's it I'm DONE!
B000008H1W|3.0|I liked this album when it came out in 1975 and I still like it. The three stars means it is not as good as Stand Up, Aqualung, Thick as a Brick, or Songs from the Wood, but in the Tull canon that is not saying a bad thing. This is still an excellent album. For me the bonecrushing heavy musicianship and ensemble playing of the first three tracks are breathtaking. The trouble is the rest of it is not quite up to the same standard. I for one dislike the addition of rather corny string arrangements to most of the other tracks, courtesy of David Palmer (whom I liked on Songs from the Wood and Heavy Horses). I always remember wanting to hear the full version of Minstrel in the Gallery live with the long extended intro, but they tended to play a quick rather desultory version (like the one on Bursting Out) - what a shame. Still if you are Tull fan you will get a lot out of this CD - if you are not, the first three tracks might convince you of Tull's worth if you are heavy &quot;progressive&quot; (as we used to say then) rock fan.
B000056VIY|4.0|Jennifer:<br />You are fabulous you are right up there with the rest of my Latino divas like Celia Cruz and Charo and Rita Moreno who I adore.  However, enough is enough with the peek a boo routine.  You are above that.  I don't know why you keep disrespecting yourself your latino community and the African American community by appearing nude every where.  You don't need to resort to such tactics you are talented use what God has given you upstairs and go easy on the nudity.  Kids are watching you love.<br />You are a terrific actress and I hope you win an Academy Award.  You looked stunning when you had on that Badgley Mischka (spelling)dress that year.  Keep up the good work.<br />Thanks, Rob
0800141660|5.0|As gorgeous as the 1996 Miramax adaptation of Jane Austen's _Emma_, this film is at once accessible and fantastic.  It's got everything - romance, humor, dispair, recovery, and renewal, and all of it right in step with the spirit of the novel itself.  While the ages of some of the actors may offend some Austen purists, I believe that the casting choices were brilliant.  Sometimes, accurate age casting does not make for accurate character portrayal.  Fans of Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, and Kate Winslet will not be disappointed.
B00003CXB4|5.0|I only have the old VHS version, but this is my favorite movie EVER.  If they would just release it on dvd, it'd be &quot;so&quot; neat to get the full-screen version that hasn't been clipped to a standard tv.. I'd give about anything to get this!  Just... wish.. they'd... release it.... driving me crazy....<br />(no.. I'm not some little kid ranting on(unless 20 is little).. just... love Lion King so much...)
B00003CXRP|2.0|An extraordinary, silent performance, emotionally captivating while growing physically more gaunt. But enough of Wilson the volleyball. Castaway will no doubt become a classic template for those pressing the 3 Act structure of Hollywood narrative. Act 1 is unexpectedly clumsy, with pointless heavy-handed Russian sequences and Hunt/Hanks interplay which suggests not so much love as the camaraderie born of having to speak such lousy dialogue. But Act 1 is undoubtedly saved by the stunning crash sequence. Act 2 is no fun at all. Essentially, it is a long chain of 'oooo, that's clever!' moments, as Hanks solves various survival problems in an amusing way. While talking to himself. Or to Wilson. Act 2 goes on forever, as Syd Field says it should. Act 3 caps a lousy film with a stunningly uncomfortable conclusion, breaking all the rules of formula in precisely the wrong places. Of course, no-one will care, and Cast Away is going to be huge in the UK, as it has been in the US. But prepare not to be enchanted.
B00003CWTI|5.0|&quot;Magnolia&quot; is a film of the highest regard, taking on a massive amount of story and turning it into three hours of nothing but real-to-life scenarios and themes. These experiences are embedded in the lives of various people who we are intoduced to throughout the movie, who quietly and outwardly affect one another's lives throughout the course of a single day. This is done with the utmost precision and intelligence in storytelling and brilliance, providing an intriguing and mesmerizin look into their lives. There is not a single theme left untouched, a certain lifestyle or event unturned, and in its slow and building narrative, I found myself wanting to know more about these peoples' lives instead of becoming bored with it. <br />On this point, the movie delivers, starting off by introducing us to the characters, all of whom will appear thin and uninvolving during the first third of the movie. Rich man Earl Partridge is terminally ill, under the care of male nurse Phil Parma while his young wife Linda runs around in circles for his medication and retainment of her sanity. Frank T.J. Mackey, whose middle initials remain a mystery until later, runs an organization called &quot;Seduce and Destroy,&quot; which teaches men to &quot;respect&quot; the male member while taming the female. Overly emotional cop Jim Kurring, a simple man who talks to himself, aspires to become involved with coke addict Claudia Gator, who likes loud music and has an extreme hatred for her father Jimmy Gator, who is the host of a game show named &quot;What Do Kids Know?&quot; and is ill with cancer. A contestant on the show, Stanley Spector, is ruled over by his father, who cares more for his son's fame than his well-being. And Donnie Smith, a well-known contestant of the show many years ago, wants a pair of braces in hopes of attaining a relationship with a local braces-sporting bartender. <br />The movie takes all of this in stride for the first hour, but soon takes a different avenuein the characters' lives. Things begin to take a turn for the worse, or the better; it's all in how the audience views these changes. We learn things about the characters that some willingly admit, some have tried to keep hidden from the world, and some who cannot help but let their feelings escape. This outward emotional vent takes the movie into a realization period: these revelations are what tie the separate stories together, and it's intriguing to watch how each one reacts to different truths, and the actions they take upon these discoveries. <br />The story requires a lack of logic; its dealings with chance and coincidence are very heavy-handed and will lead most viewers to disbelieve in its story and twists. I, too, found myself beginning to dwindle away from the story until things started picking up, and then I realized that in paying attention to the mere coincidences the story takes on, one will certainly miss out on the important themes, emotions and feelings that the movie conveys. There is a point to the movie, and if you can make it past the first hour, which may test the patience of some, you'll find that it's well worth the wait to discover just what secrets it has been hiding. <br />The final act of the movie is all about coming to terms with ones self, with others around them, and with the realizations of the past, the present, and the effects both will have on the future. Through each of these characters' lives, we learn many different things: The past cannot be put away, no matter how hard you may try; sins are forgiven, whether it be the committer of that sin or a person who finds them in turmoil. These, among others, are the many themes and realities of life that come to pass in a day in the life of these people, and they are what seal the film's fate as one of surprisingly heartfelt emotion and understanding of the human heart and mind. <br />The cast for this movie is, bar-none, the best I've ever seen in any film. Period. In a movie like this, the cast makes the movie, and here, there is nothing but total admiration for such intriguing performances. The leads and supporting roles are played by Tom Cruise (Frank), whose peformance is one of the movie's best, Philip Baker Hall (Jimmy Gator), Melora Gator (Claudia), William H. Macy (Donnie), Philip Seymour Hoffman (Phil) in his best and most moving performance to date, Jason Robards (Earl Partridge), Julianna Moore (Linda), John C. Reilly (Jim Kurring), who provides most of the film's insight and thought, and Jeremy Blackman as Stanley. These actors are so interesting to watch onscreen, partly because of their talent, and partly because director Paul Thomas Anderson infuses them with his enthusiasm and joy of making this movie so brilliant. <br />There is never a meaningless moment in &quot;Magnolia:&quot; what we're left with is an intense and energetic examination into the ways that chance affect the lives of everyday people, and the things we do in life that affect who we become emotionally, physically and socially. Anderson is able to make all of this work by tying up all loose ends as the movie draws to a close, leaving us with no questions as to what happens to the characters as they move on in life. The cast, the moving ways in which the script manipulates them, and the overall effect are outstanding, making this the best picture of 1999.
0553106635|5.0|This is the best of the (current) trilogy.  There is no resolution at all... just alot of really juicy character development.  Thats really what this series is about, characters.  If you read this for plot, you are going to be disappointed.  Sure, it is unpredictable, but you won't be satisfied that loose ends are not tied up, good guys don't always win, etc.<br />Why say more?  Just go and buy this entire series... undeniably the best fantasy series I have ever read.  Lord of the Rings was great in it's day, but you can only read the same book so many times.  This is the next big fantasy series that defies and defines the genre!
B00002E233|4.0|Unlike the Thrill-less, Laugh-less \\"Lake Placid\\", \\"Deep Blue Sea\\" is one-hell-of-an Exciting Ride. It's 105 minutes of Brainless Entertainment that, even though it isn't trying to be a Comedy/Horror, is Still funnier than it's Comic Rival \\"Lake Placid\\".<br />The Sharks in the film happen to be Genetically Enhanced, \\"Smart\\" Sharks, so anyone goes in expecting Shakespeare is going to be Sorely Disappointed. <br />The Sharks look Frighteningly Realistic, at all times. I'm the type of Special Effects freak who purposely Looks for faults to tease... But in \\"Deep Blue Sea\\", There wasn't a fault to be found.<br />Thomas Jane has a Star-making role as the Hero of the Pic. Saffron Burrows is a little Annoying as the Brains behind the Super Sharks. He only expression in the film is a Sulky one, she never even looks Scared. Samuel L Jackson plays his role Straight and is very Effective and LL Cool J and Michael Rapaport provide some good Comic Relief.<br />Super Intelligent Sharks... That is Gold. If you haven't seen it, what have you been doing? If you have seen it.. See it again, It's Just as much fun the Second time.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|The best spoof since Don't be a menace... which also stared Marlon and Shawn Wayans. The plot is primarly the plot of scream 1 but there are jokes about a few others including The Sixth Sense and The Matrix.<br />Scary Movies really is a joke a minute sort of flick some outrageously funny! There are some very funny characters although some of the jokes are quite sick. If you havnt Scream yet then rent that first or you won't appreciate the jokes as much. Definatly worth seeing.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Too bad he didn't release some of the other new songs performed on the tour, such as: 1. Another Thin Line 2. Further on Up the Road 3. Code of Silence<br />But that's ok...at least Jungleland was finally released live!! Can't go wrong with this baby!
B00004Z4WR|5.0|i don't know why critics think this movie was so horrible.  I loved this movie when it came out in the theater and its even better on dvd.  You gotta see it for your self.  It's the bomb!
089845865X|2.0|This guy named Charley won a pass to see inside the Chocolate factory filled with all kinds of stuff. They got to see the ompa loompas. They got to ride on a boat and see all kind of stuff.
0375703764|5.0|Mark Z. Danielewski's first novel is the nightmares you've had since before you can remember. It's what might be under your bed or peering in your windows as you're reading this. If you weren't paranoid before, you will be when you get done... in short, this may be the best book I've ever read.<br />Stories are layered throughout the book -- the sad tale of Johnny Truant, tattoo-shop counter boy, losing his mind, just like his mother; the tragic tale of Zampano, a blind man, who is driven to write a book; the touching story of Will Navidson's struggle with his family and a darkness he can't rid himself of. Little mysteries abound -- who is Delial? Why does Johnny speak so strangely of his mother? What is happening in the house on Ash Tree Lane? All of these hide the real mystery at the core of the novel: why do we fear what we fear, and what is fear?<br />The novel is structured with the frame of Johnny Truant's story around Zampano's story, which is around Navidson's story, which is about the movie Navidson made. This structure is strengthened when Danielewski's novel is viewed in light of the related work, his sister Poe's CD Haunted. The two works, while differing wildly, sprung from the same source, and their themes and vocabularies intertwine, drawing the reader deeper into both Poe's and Danielewski's work. Of course, this wouldn't work if Danielewski didn't leave that door to the five and a half minute hallway open behind him...<br />This book has changed me. It dragged me through the little piece of hell everyone carries around, and it left its mark on me. Because I made it through (and it is a long journey that can certainly be hard, with all the footnotes and strange print, with the pain of watching everything unfold as it certainly must), I have a clearer idea of what and why I fear.<br />I'm much more careful about locking my door at night. And I never leave a light on.
0792841344|4.0|PHANTASM is a weird science fiction/horror film. The story is  basically about a teenager named Mike, his older brother Jody, and their best friend, ice-cream man/part time practicing rock star Reggie who discover that some weird things are going on at the local funeral home. It seems that a mysterious being known as The Tall Man is turning the bodies of the dead into killer dwarfs, putting them into barrels and shipping them off into another dimension. It's up to our three heroes to try to find a way to stop The Tall Man before they become dwarfs themselves! This movie has horror, action, a little humor, and a flying sphere ball that punctures human skulls and eats the brain.
0960191038|5.0|I've been in consulting for over ten years and in that time have found few resources as powerful or useful in day to day business as the Minto Pyramid Principle.  <br />Its laughable to suggest that the &quot;McKinsey mystique&quot; is the driving force behind this book's sales or consultants' motivation for using it. The book succeeds on its merits, its value flows from the insights, techniques and practical advice it provides for improving your written communications.  <br />The fact is that while the Minto system does take some time and effort to learn, the rewards of using it are substantial.  At $95, I consider this book a bargain and only wish that I had discovered it earlier in my career.
6305428220|5.0|THE FACULTY is a science-fiction/horror thriller about aliens taking over the bodies of the faculty at a high school in a small town in Ohio. Soon, the alien parasites begin spreading from the bodies of the teachers into the bodies of the students. It's up to a small group of outcasts to find out how the invasion started, who's responsible for it, and to stop it before the entire town and world is consumed by this alien threat. The plot is good, the cast is good, this whole d**n movie is good!
B00005AFVR|5.0|First of all, I'd rather listen to an &quot;unauthorized&quot; Springsteen recording than the Live 1975-85 collection, which was a mish mash of great music in no particular order, gathered from a variety of shows over many years. &quot;Live in New York City&quot; offers what the previous collection couldn't - a tight set of some of the best material Springsteen has played recently. It was an absolute sin not to include Jungleland in the 5-LP/3-CD set, but here it is in NYC. It's the best of the new and old, with great sound quality. It will leave you wanting more.
B000002A3T|5.0|From start to finish THE DIVISION BELL is truly a masterpiece. Pink Floyd express a rainbow of emotions and thoughts like no one else; they are unique and true artists.  The depth and beauty contained here can not be expressed with words, it must be felt with the heart.  I have loved Pink Floyd since day one but I'll tell you, I never knew how much until THE DIVISION BELL came along.<br />Fans of Pink Floyd are united together due to our mutual respect and pleasure we take from every CD they have given us.  Pink Floyd will continue to entertain, impress and profoundly impact us.  If for some reason you aren't a fan, you are missing out on an awesome band and an amazing CD.  If you are a fan, you should enjoy this continued journey into the heart of Pink Floyd.<br />It's &quot;A Great Day for Freedom!&quot;  Buy this and you'll see what I mean.  There are really no words to express how great THE DIVISION BELL is, you have to hear it to believe it.
B000056K04|2.0|I must say that I believe Dave Matthews to be an excellent song writer, which he displays on this album.  However, this is a Dave Matthews CD not a Dave Matthews BAND CD.  It sounds like the rest of the band was not even remotely involved in writing or recording; and the rest of the excellent musicians in the band are the ones who take Dave's songs and bring them to new levels turning them into something new.  <br />It also sounds as if a bad producer (limited in scope) turned a good band into something they were not.  He took Dave Matthews and turned him into Rob Thomas.  It's like another bad Bob Rock incident.  <br />I truly believe the band to be great, and I think that is evident on &quot;Before These Crowded Streets.&quot;  That almbum captured the essence of the band and exploited everyone's talants.  Kudos to that producer; I hope they go back to him for their next album.  It's not that I am not open to growth and different sounds, it's exactly the opposite.  This album has nothing really different than Matchbox 20 besides some actually good foundations of material.  The difference from traditional rock and funk genres is what initially interested me in the band's style, but this album is just pop cloaked under the history of previously good material.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Cameron Crowe said it best at the Oscar's, &quot;This movie is a love letter to the music industry.&quot;  I could probably write for pages on what makes this the best movie of the year, ie acting, directing, story, soundtrack.  Trust me when I say watch this movie.  Watch Almost Famous if you want to be told a good story; watch it to watch Phillip Seymour Hoffman, Kate Hudson, Frances McDormand, and Jason Lee turn in some of the best performances in movie history; but more importantly than that, watch Almost Famous if you love music.  I promise it will be anything but a disappointment.
B00000ILDE|5.0|The extra footage RESTORED to the movie (and not just a special secion on the DVD) make getting the Alien's DVD worth it.  FOr years, Fox refused to include this footage which had been seen on American network TV and on English PAL formated VCR tapes.  This has everything from the awesome Sentry Bots to Newt's family before they found the alien ship.  This makes a great movie even better (IMO)!
B0000028RR|5.0|I am a fan of good rock music, and I just love bands like Incubus, Deftones, and Alien Ant Farm. They are all brilliant bands that create new and ground breaking material. However, none of it comes even CLOSE to this. This IS undoubtedly the best album of all time, and Rage Against The Machine deserve to rule the world. I am not exaggerating. If you are looking for really heavy music, then this isn't for you, although they pioneered the heavy sound, by todays standards they sound relatively mellow, this is not a bad thing, because each and every song is genius. If you have not heard of Rage, or at least this album, and do not own it, advice from me to you - GET IT NOW.
B000001FCB|5.0|It is sader than a country song!!! And more beautiful than a star filled night!!! I was only in 10th grade when she died. I discovered her 6 years ago in  grad school and I am hooked. That voice!! It haunts you like a ghost.
B0000024RQ|5.0|This album first captured my heart as a frequent listener starting at age 8, I am now in my 40's, and it never ceases to enthrall and astonish me.  This album will get under your skin and have you feeling along with Dylan a myriad of emotions.  From the world-wide classic, BLOWIN' IN THE WIND, to the powerfully raw and uncompromising A HARD RAIN'S A-GONNA FALL, Dylan gives a rare and pure delivery of poetic lyricism, important social commentary, hauntingly beautiful melodies and harmonies skillfully played on banjo, guitar, and harmonica.  You have a hard time remembering this is a man of 21 and only his second album.  He is already mature musically in many ways, and with this album he gives us a glimpse into where he was politically, musically and personally in 1963, and freely expresses himself with humor and rage.  Whether you are old or new to Dylan this is an album to listen to over and over as I have for almost 4 decades.  It thrills me every time, it is early Dylan, as pure, simple, and raw as it gets.  A timeless piece of Dylan addressing social ills, such as war and racism that are sadly still with us today!
B00005AFVR|5.0|Just got Live in New York City this morning. Highly recommended to Bruce fans, or just anyone who appreciate good Rock &amp; Roll. For those who attended any show on this tour, this disk will recapture the magic. For those who couldn't, they will hear what they missed. Although I can think of songs that could've/should've been on the CD (I'm sure everyone has his/her own list), I still highly recommend this to one and all.
B000002AH7|5.0|This album, another of Miles' collaborations with Gil Evans, is a breathtaking and beautiful piece of music from start to finish. The Spanish texture to the compositions give this disc a magical, mystical sound. First rate performances all around. This disc belongs in the collections of jazz and non-jazz fans alike.
0783114222|5.0|Whenever I hear the uninformed complain about the cost of ventures like Project Apollo, I grind my teeth and retort: &quot;How can you put a price on one of mankind's oldest dreams?&quot; And it astonished me that mankind (or U.S. politicians) abandoned Lunar exploration just when Nasa was getting good at it! I waited many years for somebody to make a series like this. When 'The Right Stuff' came out I waited impatiently for some kind of follow up, but it never came. Until now. Finally, after Ron Howard's wonderful 'Apollo 13', we have this extraordinary series. We get to see the Astronauts, their families and Nasa management as something other than two-dimensional history book figures. Myself and many others cannot express our gratitude enough for the existence of 'From The Earth To The Moon'. The series gives good coverage of the Gemini program which often tends to be overlooked, although a portrayal of the remarkable events of Gemini 6 and 7 would have been welcome. I know that there was only limited running time and budget to show certain missions. But more details of the near-mutiny of Apollo 7, the white-knuckle events of Apollo 10 and the problem solving of Apollo 16 could have been important additions to the series. Perhaps one day someone will make a long-overdue movie or series about Yuri Gagarin and the eventful Russian space program, Skylab and the Apollo-Soyuz mission. And one day, someone could tell the tales of the early Shuttle program and the Challenger tragedy. Manned spaceflight has many tales left to tell. But for now, 'From The Earth To The Moon' is a magnificent and very comprehensive start. Hey, Mr Hanks: You should follow Dennis Tito on the next available Soyuz to the Space Station. I'd like to see Nasa say no then!
B000003KMM|5.0|A very entertaining movie, worth seeing by baseball lovers and those indifferent to the sport. Prior to seeing this movie I couldn't have cared less about professional baseball. But seeing it ignited my interest to the point that I now go to both major and minor league games whenever possible.<br />To relate the impact this movie has had on the sport, consider the following incident. I was attending a game and the local team retired their pitcher in the ninth inning. As the substitute walked to the mound, the announcers began playing &quot;Wild Thing&quot; (Joan Jett's version!) over the PA system. The crowd absolutely erupted in cheers and started singing along.<br />Some baseball purists may decry this movie, but ignore them. You'll be very glad you did.
B0000029J5|4.0|As an avid fan of blues with electic solo guitar and a rock tinge, this album is an unexpected delight. Kevin Moore produces sounds comparible with Robert Johnson in class. Anyone who can bring tears to my eyes with his 'City Boy' deserves recognition. His song writing ability is also exceptional and almost every track is memorable. For pure guitar talent, listen to 'Am I Wrong', 'Come on in my kitchen'. For reflective blues, listen to 'Victims of comfort' and 'City Boy'. A blues classic.
0060931671|5.0|This is one of the four books I would have with me when sent off to some Joseph Conrad nightmare.<br />This book is about paranoia and schizophrenia. I have one, and am probably bordering the other. So this is familiar fodder.<br />Oedipus is an everyman-woman thrown into a world of inrigue, paranoid Beatle wannabes, a plot involving a ritzy suburban tract development in San Narcisco-LA and San Diego city--its lake, and a popular brand of cigarettes that may contain human bones. Meanwhile, there's a weird secret organization that has something to do with &quot;potsage&quot;, not postage, potsage. I can't tell you the name of the organization. Forget I mentioned it.<br />Intriguing, yes? Insane? Definitely. Pynchon creates hilarious characters in an insane world colored by a weird translucent squeaky clean commercial California haze. Oedipus is Dorothy in an evil Oz, only she's losing her mind. Who's the wizard. Who knows?<br />One thing's for sure. After reading Crying of Lot 49, you'll never look at a postage stamp the same way again.
B00004YKUY|4.0|Journey returns with a great album in &quot;Arrival&quot;.  A previous review stated that new lead singer, Steve Augeri, does not have even half the vocal range of all-time great Steve Perry.  Not so.  No one would say this if they had ever heard Steve Augeri belt out the Journey classics in concert without missing a note.  On &quot;Arrival&quot; Augeri shows off his own great voice without sounding like a Perry clone.  Others have said he sounds like a carbon copy of Steve Perry but they have obviously not paid much attention.  Neal Schon adds his usual array of fiery guitar licks and smooth playing and Jonathan Cain adds his usual great songwriting skills and keyboard playing to the mix.  Add in the talented drumming of Deen Castronovo and you've got a band with a lot of talent and a pretty good album to boot.  Journey is back again!
B00004SST6|5.0|In this CD, Benson returns to the format that launched his career big time, namely the Breezin album.  The lyrical content is constrained to the first two tracks of the album, the rest are smooth and sophisticated jazz pieces some new, some old. In conclusion, a more than worthy buy which will capture the imagination of music lovers from a variety of tastes.
B00004YKUY|4.0|Journey returns with a great album in &quot;Arrival&quot;.  A previous review stated that new lead singer, Steve Augeri, does not have even half the vocal range of all-time great Steve Perry.  Not so.  No one would say this if they had ever heard Steve Augeri belt out the Journey classics in concert without missing a note.  On &quot;Arrival&quot; Augeri shows off his own great voice without sounding like a Perry clone.  Others have said he sounds like a carbon copy of Steve Perry but they have obviously not paid much attention.  Neal Schon adds his usual array of fiery guitar licks and smooth playing and Jonathan Cain adds his usual great songwriting skills and keyboard playing to the mix.  Add in the talented drumming of Deen Castronovo and you've got a band with a lot of talent and a pretty good album to boot.  Journey is back again!
B00005AAFS|4.0|This Rammstein cd is defiantly more melodic then all their previous efforts.  The hard thrashing industrial techno has been replaced in many cases by slower more deep feeling sound. Many could be considered in the vein of Seeman, except a tad harder. All in all though, this is another great effort by Rammstein, great to listen to.  Anyone who has liked any Rammstein CD will find something to like in this one.  4 out of 5 because I prefer the industrial sound over the melodic of this cd, but it was possible, it would be a very high 4 out of 5
B000002LRX|5.0|Not a whole lot needs to be said about this album.  Quite possibly the biggest influence on rock music since Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.  Faith No More effortlessly mix a myriad of music styles and serve up the insanely eclectic ANGEL DUST.  From rap to rock, funk to death metal, country to electronica, every song on the album is worlds different from the next.  There is no continuity, no structure...  And that's what makes this record so incredible.  Mike Patton definately is the &quot;mad scientist&quot; of the music world.
B00004YKUY|2.0|I LISTENED TO ARRIVAL NONBIASED AND I CAN HONESTLY SAY THAT I MISS STEVE PERRY. STEVE AUGERI IS A NICE PERSON(I'VE MET HIM) AND TRIES HARD, BUT HE JUST SIMPLY DOESN'T HAVE &quot;THE VOICE&quot;, BUT THEN AGAIN WHO DOES? STEVE PERRYS VOICE RINGS LIKE A BELL, HIS SONGWRITING IS MISSING, AND THE PASSION AND FEELING THAT STEVE SPOILED US WITH JUST ISN'T THERE ON THIS NEW PERRYLESS CD. IF JOURNEY W/STEVE PERRY HAD TOURED FOLLOWING THE RELEASE OF &quot;TRIAL BY FIRE&quot;, THE ALBUM WOULD HAVE SOLD 10 MILLION AND STADIUMS WOULD HAVE BEEN SOLD OUT. WHAT A TRADGEDY NOT ONLY TO THE MILLIONS OF FANS THAT WERE DISAPPOINTED, BUT &quot;TRAIL BY FIRE&quot; FADED AWAY AND NEVER GOT THE APPRECIATION THAT IT RICHLY DESERVED( IT WAS A MASTERPIECE OF MUSICIANSHIP THAT IN MY OPINION OVERALL WAS THEIR BEST). INSTEAD OF SELLING OUT THE SUPERDOME W/PERRY, JOURNEY COULD NOT SELL OUT THE 2200 SEAT SEANGER THEATER IN NEW ORLEANS BECASE OF HIS ABSENCE. IN SOME WAYS I UNDERSTAND WHY JOURNEY HAD TO MOVE ON BECAUSE OF STEVE PERRYS INJURY, BUT JOURNEY IS SO MUCH BETTER WITH HIM THAN WITHOUT HIM. JUST LISTEN TO STEVE PERRYS VOICE AND COMPARE TO STEVE AUGRI'S AND YOU'LL UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS NO COMPARISON IN THE VOCAL RANGE, WHETHER ON CD OR LIVE. JOURNEY WAS &quot;MAGIC&quot; BUT ARRIVAL IS A NEW JOURNEY THAT DOESN'T COMPARE WITH OLD JOURNEY, THE LEGENDARY CLASSIC ROCK BAND THAT TOUCHED THE HEARTS OF SO MANY PEOPLE.(LISTEN TO &quot;JOURNEYS GREATEST HITS&quot; AND YOU'LL KNOW WHAT I MEAN). AS FOR STEVE PERRY, I HOPE AND PRAY THAT YOU'LL BE TOURING SOON SO THAT THE FANS WON'T &quot;STOP BELIEVIN&quot;.
B00005AFVR|4.0|Listening to it now ... I'm a long-time fan and saw several Bruce shows on the last tour. Jungleland live makes it worth the price for this CD. But the whole thing doesn't flow too well. Born to Run is stuck in. Youngstown and Murder rock. Ramrod, too. Mansion is interesting -- sounds country. Let's face it, nothing can replace the live experience. But I'm sure I'll listen to this CD a couple dozen times or more.
B00003CXRP|4.0|What do you do when you're a total A type personality who lets his health and relationships rot at the expense of your job?<br /><br />Nothing.  You carry on and probably never learn unless your plane goes down in the middle of nowhere and you wash up alone on a small deserted island with little chance of being spotted.<br /><br />That's what the whole story is about.  While the events are tragic and the character comes back to a changed and sad life (i.e., I believe he was believed dead for over 10 years so everyone else carried on with his life), it's a chance for rebirth.<br /><br />Definitely worth checking out.  Good photography and pretty interesting even if Tom Hanks had few \\"people\\" to speak to on the island.  Look for how he ends up building his boat to try and get off the island.  Clever or lucky?<br /><br />MY GRADE: B to B plus.
B00003CXE6|5.0|I bought this video sight unseen. No, never saw it on the big screen but I got such a great deal and I do like Roman Gadiator type movies so I thought &quot;what the heck&quot; and bought it.<br />I am SO glad I did -- and so sorry I didn't see it on the big screen!<br />It doesn't matter what this film did to history. What's written in history is mostly made up anyway. This movie probably came closer than we think. Who cares? Russell Crowe is spectacular in his understated performance as Maximus (he deserved the Oscar he got) and Mr. Phoenix was also superb. As a matter of fact, the entire cast was well suited, including Derek Jacoby, Richard Harris and the always wonderful and (much missed) Oliver Reed.<br />And the end - well - it was moving and so well done. A very happy unhappy ending if you ask me.<br />GLADIATOR is a movie for people who like heroes.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|TO BE RECOVERED (for title above).<br />I'm 32 so the Beatles are way before my time.  First time I heard them was when my brother was listening to them and trying to dub them from the radio on to blanks (this was before CDs and heavy duty mass marketing in music).<br />Yes, this has been masterfully reengineered so the music is clearer than ever.  And, there are a lot of songs on one CD so the price is actually quite good.<br />But, I want to talk to those who have yet to really hear the BEATLES  . . . after all, true BEATLES fans are going to buy this, right?  There are a lot of songs for one CD, it sounds great with the revision to it and you can see if there are enough of your favorite songs on here . . .<br /> . . . the BEATLES remind me of a lost innocence.  Now, I like lots of other contemporary music but how many songs go like, I WANNA HOLD YOUR HAND (i.e., a song about an innocent love) and spend the whole time on that small bit of romance?  Or ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE (i.e., yes, it's been preached but I don't believe it was successful as a song until then) or ELEANOR RIGBY (i.e., a song about loneliness and not making a difference in your life) or even THE LONG AND WINDING ROAD (i.e. making choices about one's future even after you were betrayed).<br />I don't see that innocence so much in today's music.  Is that a good thing?  Not sure.  Maybe.  Maybe not.<br />Just a reason to take a look at some of their songs and sit down for a bit to hear it.  The BEATLES were ahead of their time in their ideas and appealed to a better world.  Listen to it in their songs; it's in every album.  <br />This is why their music and their fans are indelible.<br />Whether they were somewhat succesful, will have to be debated by later scholars.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Arrival is a complete package; great songwriting, impeccable musicianship, and a great combination of &quot;classic&quot; Journey sounds mixed with bold new songs.  Arrival rocks with the best of them on songs like &quot;Higher Place&quot;, &quot;All The Things I Love About You&quot; and &quot;World Gone Wild&quot;.  At the same time, classy ballads like &quot;Lifetime of Dreams&quot; and the steamy &quot;Kiss Me Softly&quot; will take you on a musical &quot;Journey&quot; you won't soon forget.  And, last but not least Arrival contains emotional and meaningful songs like &quot;Livin' To Do&quot; and &quot;Live And Breath&quot;, which are torn straight from the pages of life, and guaranteed to give you chills.  Arrival ranks right up there in my Journey collection with the likes of Infinity and Escape.
B00001ZSVG|3.0|First of all, if you're a fan of electric blues or the 60's British blues/rock sound and you haven't checked out the original Fleetwood Mac yet, you're missing out on something you're gonna love.<br />All of the members were top-notch musicians, but bandleader Peter Green's brilliant blues guitar playing is what makes them stand out. &quot;Greatest guitarist ever&quot; arguments are pointless and a waste of time and energy, so please don't partake in them.  But strictly in terms of tone and feeling, Peter Green probably rides together with the great BB King in the limo of all-time blues greatness.  According to the liner notes to Fleetwood Mac - Live at the BBC, BB himself said that Green's &quot;globular blue tone...was the only thing he ever heard that made him sweat.&quot;<br />Fleetwood Mac Live! has plenty of those globs of blue for your listening pleasure.  Jeremy Spencer's energetic slide guitar is an excellent compliment to Green's slow deep blue agony, and good luck finding a flaw with the rhythm section of Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.  Danny Kirwan's here on guitar too, giving Green &amp; Spencer more freedom to do what they do.  As far as the performance goes, you can't go wrong with this one. <br />The only shortcoming is the sound quality.  It's not terrible, but you'll need to turn up the volume (which isn't a bad thing) and deal with faint and fuzzy vocals.  <br />If this would be your first live Fleetwood Mac recording, you might want to look around for another that would give you the same quality of music without sacrificing sound clarity.  If you already have some live Mac but you don't have these songs in your collection, buy it and play it loud!
B000002B30|5.0|I love Bruce Springsteen and always have done. This album covers his best and most famous songs and is a must-have CD. From the anthemic 'Born in the USA' and 'Hungry Heart' to the hauntingly beautiful 'Streets of Philadelphia' and 'Secret Garden', every track is one of those songs that you could listen to forever and never get bored. This is high quality rock at its best and as a result of its eclecticism can be played appropriately on various occassions (anti-depressant, date music, chilling out, having a party, whatever you want.) I think this album would be a good place for Bruce's newer fans to start since it spans his whole career and gives you a taste of the diversity of his music before moving on to albums such as 'Born in the USA' and 'The River'. My favorite song on this CD constantly changes as they are all so good but I would have to say that 'Streets of Philadelphia' is incredible and never fails to make me cry (and sing!).
6304712936|1.0|the whole point in buying dvd's is to get a higher quality video experience than traditional vhs formats.  so why does time warner continue to sell dvd's like this one where you have to flip the dvd in order to watch the entire movie.  makes no sense why they can't fit the whole film on one side.  i strongly recommend no one buy this and the many other dvd's this company offers until they come out with a version with the entire film on one side.  the fact they they fail to note this massive flaw on the package continues to frustrate all customers.  just plain stupid.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I truly love this CD. It really reminds me of Tracy Chatman. The sound and flow of the CD. It's very mellow, and thought provoking. I love her style and her independence. She has a message to her music that you don't hear very often in music today. About peace, love, and self. I really dig her spirit and her music. It's really a great CD.
B00004YKUY|1.0|I have been a Journey fan for most of my life.  While I was very saddened to hear that Steve Perry was no longer with the band, I felt I had to give the New line up a chance.  And now I wished I hadn't.  The songs lack the emotion and feeling that Journey's music always held for me.  I feel no connection to this new music as I have in the past.  While some tunes do start my toes tapping this is now what I hoped (expected) to hear when I popped my cd in the cd player.  With out Steve Perry Journey is just another band in the midst of many.
B000002JK2|5.0|This unlikely co-operative effort between Pete Townshend and Ronnie Lane is quite simply perfect.<br />The emotial honesty of &quot;Hear to hang on to&quot;, is enough to floor the most jaded listener. While the ochestral climax in &quot;Street in the City&quot; is simply fabulous.<br />Wide rangeing in style, non-pretensious in flow, this album should be a part of any serious collection.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I expected way more from this movie. I had heard all the buzz, and when I finally saw it, I was pretty excited. But much to my dismay, this film fell flat. Impressive as an action movie, but lame as an epic film in the same vein as Braveheart. Russell Crowe acted only a little, but did not deserve the Academy Award. The movie was too slow at times, like after the battle in the beginning. The whole time afterwards I couldn't wait for Maximus to become a gladiator because I heard so much about those Colesseum fights. Too much talking, and I really was not interested in the story at all. I do have to admit, the fight sequences were very well done, and the technique Ridley Scott used to give the film that look of quickness ( I don't know how to descibe it) works extremely well. Gladiator is nothing but an action movie. I really did not care for the characters, and it certainly did not deserve best picture. I would have voted for Crouching Tiger.
0786915749|5.0|I first picked up this series about 15 years ago, and I have to say, time hasn't diminished it's appeal.  If you are a fan of Fantasy you HAVE to read this series.<br />The plot of the novel may not be the most ingenious, but it is one which hooks the reader right from the start.  The &quot;hero's are barely introduced before the action begins.  Trust me, this isn't a book in which the plot takes hundreds upon hundreds of pages to get moving.  I particularly liked the fact side plot of the Gods returning to Krynn combined with the return of the Dragons. <br />The characters are quite well developed and intriguing.  Whether it's the cursed Wizard Raistlin or the heroic Knight Sturm Brightblade, each character will grow on the reader by the end of the novel.  Personally I loved Sturm, but each and every character is perfect.  I also liked the humour added by Tasselhoff and the Dwarf, Flint.  Finally, each character has a dark side to him/her which I found refreshing.  Even though they are the heroes, they are quite reluctant.<br />I am sure you will enjoy this book enough to continue on with the series.  Rating: 5 Stars only cause I couldn't give it more.
B00003CXPC|3.0|While one could quibble with some of the heavy-handed dialogue and obvious plot development, the leads, especially Jamie Bell and Julie Walters, put it over with heart and a real commitment to their characters. It's too bad Bell got overlooked at the Oscars since he single-handedly carried this movie charmingly and convincingly. Somebody should cataloque all the swiftly advancing and retreating facial expressions as his character wrestled with issues of gender, familial loyalty, grief and self-fulfillment. I especially liked the big grin that came over his face as he accepted his friend's gayness. Nice moment that.    Someone should consider re-issuing this film without the American-style, insulting and obtrusive soundtrack telling us how to feel at every moment. Imagine Billy's defiant solo in front of his father without the bombastic symphony and you'll get a real idea of what Billy was talking about when he explained how he felt while dancing: &quot;Electricity, that's it.&quot; And the coda _was_ a tad bathetic wasn't it?    But anyway there are certainly enough moments of real art that makes me wonder what this movie would have been like without the constraints obviously put upon it by the demands of American distribution.
0792845684|5.0|I have to say, I wait anxiously for an SE of EFNY. Having the LD (Dir's Spec. Ed., indeed!), and having had the tape of the same, I must say I sure get my fill of SD Bob Plissken. I own the book, 1st ed., which covers all the missing stuff, including the Blackbellies capturing Snake after he and his partner rob the Fed Depository. (Blackbellies, in the book, are the Fed Police in the film, by the way).<br />There's also a bit where they gas and beat him once they have him at Liberty Island, immed. after the security chief says &quot;Hold It!&quot;, and fade to black. As the book's an adaptation, there's sure to be other stuff missing, as well, and I hope to someday see it, as do we all. <br />If you can find the 1st ed., it's a strange red cover, with red-and-yellow vertical lines with black filler, making out Plissken's face. I happened on it accidentally. The 2nd ed. has an illo of Snake doing something, but I can't remember what.<br />The abortive comic was kind of silly, Snake looked nothing like Kurt Russell, Escape From Earth is stillborn, and the proposed series is apparently dead as well... The action figure is nice, though I wish they'd make Star Wars figure-sized ones of all the characters. As far as EFLA, it's not terrible, but not great, either. The soundtracks for both are cool, though.<br />Keep on the alert for ANYthing about an SE (that's Special Edition for you neonates). Keep it real.<br />                                         Jake Plissken                                      (Don't pliss me off!)
B00005AFVR|5.0|Go to a music store, you'll feel chills. You've been waiting for a cd that will make your heart race, from a band, that made your mind swirll.  Open the package, pop it in, and then you'll realize within the opening song, that you may as well be at the concert, cause it sounds like you are.  I saw him play 4 times in 4 different cities and this CD sent chills down my spine.  If your a springsteen fan, this is a must, which is a no brainer for the ones that attend Bruce's invisible church.  If your not a fan, get ready to be one.  Tenth Avenue freeze out is recorded full with fan based intro.  An amazing version of Born in the USA and an incredible version of Jungleland. Get ready to feel part of the concert, cause Bruce is practically coming to your home with this release.  A 20 on the scale of 10.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Being a long-time Journey fan, I have to say this is definitely right up with &quot;Frontiers&quot; and &quot;Escape&quot;.  So often bands try to replace a great singer and fail.  Not the case at all here!  Steve Augeri not only fills the shoes of Steve Perry, he brings a refreshing new energy to the band.  He sounds like Steve Perry in that his voice is very smooth- he is a perfect fit for a Journey that can still perform ballads like no other band but also can now (thanks to Augeri) go just a little heavier on the rockers.  Trust me, anyone who appreciates top notch vocals WILL LOVE the &quot;new Steve&quot;.  <br />&quot;ARRIVAL&quot; has the perfect mix of rockers and ballads. &quot;Higher Place&quot;, &quot;All the Things&quot;, &quot;I Got a Reason&quot;, &quot;World Gone Wild&quot;, and &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot; REALLY ROCK!  &quot;With Your Love&quot; and &quot;Lifetime of Dreams&quot; could very well be wedding songs.  &quot;Kiss Me Softly&quot; really highlights the incredible vocal talent of Steve Augeri.  The other songs are more medium tempo and awesome as well.  In my opinion, there is not a bad song on this CD- it is that good!  &quot;ARRIVAL&quot; is not the &quot;pop-filled&quot; &quot;Raised on Radio&quot; and it is not &quot;Trial By Fire&quot; which I thought was good but one of the weaker Journey releases.<br />And a note to the drummers out there.  Deen Castronova busts the sticks!  He's heavy but also very creative.  Listen closely.  You will be impressed!<br />&quot;ARRIVAL&quot; is definitely Journey-grade material.  It has the songwriting from the heart, the guitar strings of Neil Schon that &quot;sing like no other guitarist&quot;, the perfect mix of Jonathan Cain piano melodies, the thumpin' bass of Ross Valory, and the fresh energy of 2 incredible musicians, Steve Augeri and Deen Castronova.<br />Take it from a long time Steve Perry fan- DON'T LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE WHO JUST CAN'T ACCEPT THAT THERE ARE OTHER INCREDIBLE VOCALISTS OUT THERE. (And believe me, I had to be convinced!).<br />Journey really has &quot;ARRIVED&quot; with this release.  Buy &quot;ARRIVAL&quot; without hesitation.  You won't be disappointed!
B00005AFVR|5.0|Live in NYC captures the spirit and power of the past tour. Excellent live versions of Atlantic City, Mansion and Youngstown. I am thankful for the bonus tracks although the edits may be a bit sloppy. Just an idea - wouldn't it be awesome if the Boss followed Pearl Jam's example and released the entire tour city by city. Sure would beat audience bootlegs.
6304077939|5.0|Leolo is one of the most provocative films I have ever seen.  It will leave your mind reeling for days.  It is a richly layered affair that is almost impossible to describe...part black comedy, part allegory, part tragedy.  It challenges viewers emotionally, intellectually, and artistically.  I have never cried at the end of a film, certainly never at some manipulative Hollywood tearjerker - but the closing images of the tamer, in his candle lit abode, left me in such emotional tumult that I shed a few tears.  If you are a true lover of art films, especially francophone cinema, you will find this to be an undiscovered gem.  The emotional palette of this work is oddly similar to Claude Sautet's Un coeur en hiver...but that is a much different movie.
B00001QGPS|4.0|&quot;Blackout!&quot; is a great collabo by Wutang's Method Man and Def Squad's Redman. They match perfectly, although it is obvious that Meth's the more talented MC. But Redman does quite a good job here, too. The album also features appearances by Meth's Wutang-colleague Ghostface (&quot;Run 4 Cover&quot;), Ja Rule and LL Cool J of Def Jam (&quot;4 Seasons&quot;) and even Missy Elliot (&quot;Maaad Crew&quot;).<br />The beats are alright, although they could have been more versatile. I've really heard better beats, but that doesn't have to be a disadvantage necessarily. This fact makes the styles by Red and Meth stand out even more.<br />The climax of &quot;Blackout!&quot; are track 7 and 8. In &quot;Da Rockwilder&quot; Method Man is at his very best. Too bad that this song is so short (only 2:16). &quot;Tear It Off&quot; has one of the best beats on this album. Another great song is &quot;Fire Ina Hole&quot;, it's well-arranged and makes you feel as if you were in the middle of a CounterStrike game. Overall &quot;Blackout!&quot; is a fantastic album, and only misses 5 Stars, because Redman can't always keep up with Method Man and because the beats are only average.
B000056NX4|5.0|I am extremely impressed with the new video version of Jesus Christ Superstar. The whole show was immaculately presented and the intensity of  emotions that were expressed left me feeling every stage of agony,  torture and despair right along there with the cast.  The sheer electricity between Pradon and Carter brought a unique insight into the interpretation of this tragic event that served to expose the awesome talent and professionalism of these two extremely talented individuals. My first viewing of the video left me a quivering, sobbing wreck having been drained emotionally by the inspirational power of their performances.  I had seen the original film version starring Ted Neeley during my youth but I was totally unprepared and amazed by the transformation in the new show.     The role of Christ is a demanding one for any actor, given the deification associated with the subject,  but it takes someone pretty special to portray the human qualities of a man whose deity is the first and often, the only thing that is remembered about him.  Glenn Carter's own unique character helped to gently remind us of those qualities as well as the  fragility and vulnerability of this remarkable individual.  Christ's capacity to love and forgive is passionately emulated in this performance by an equally remarkable actor.  It is not hard to see why Mr Carter was chosen for this particular part.  The sensitivity with which he portrays the role does not, in my view as a practicing christian, demean the sanctity of Christ's mission or the consequence and tragic, yet necessary, conclusion of it.  From his soft expressions of puzzlement to his heart-stopping and sometimes explosive lyrical renditions the audience cannot help but be aware of  the silent angst that permeats every scene.  Each expression and movement marries perfectly to the next and exudes the patience, and long suffering of a man who knew that he was going to suffer a most horrible and tortuous death.   <br />The role of Judas, played by Jerome Pradon, too begs consideration as a performance as equal in passion and sensitivity as that of Mr Carter as Jesus.  In fact, they compliment each other perfectly.  The slow torment suffered by Judas as he prepared to and ultimately betray Jesus was portrayed with such exactness as to have me actually feeling sorry for him.  Jerome's often cynical and leering expressions left you in no doubt about what Judas was feeling but the 'tearful' moments revealed the true love he had for his friend and redeemer.  Judas really believed he was doing what was right and Mr Pradon's interpretation of the role was instrumental in expertly manoevering the emotions of the audience into  considering that maybe it was he, Judas,  who was the real victim in all this.     The finely tuned balancing of skills ranging from a mere glance to the tremendous vocal intercourse exercised by these performers is what makes this show a classic.  Gayle Edwards is indeed a truly talented director and her influence can be seen in every scene as moods change smoothly and effortlessly through the show,  whilst carrying the audience along on a rollercoaster of emotions that would tear even the hardest of hearts apart.  Of course, credit must go too, to the supporting actors and actresses without whom the principals could not function.  Renee Castle who played the part of Mary, brought an almost surreal yet still comforting quality to her character which blended perfectly with the vulnerability of Christ, as the man.  Fred Johannson was absolutely tremendous as Pilate.  The ambience that was created by his rich, deep voice was equally reflected in the dark brooding looks both of which contributed perfectly to the morbid intensity required of the part. It is easy to see why he was chosen for the role.  I really cannot see who could have carried it off any better.  My only disappointment was the part played by Rik Mayal.  His vocal talent, or should I say, lack of it, was a let down as was his portrayal of Herod.  I do have a lot of respect for this fine actor but I don't believe he was the best man for this part although he did carry it off with much comical aplomb which is after all, his forte.  If you haven't seen it yet you are denying yourself  the exquisite joy and privilege of watching an inspiring cast in action.  The creation of this show alone should have earned Andrew Lloyd Webber his knighthood.
068484267X|5.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; ist a very interesting autobiographic novel, as it cover several controverse topics. First of all, it describes the live of young Frank McCourt, who grows up in unimaginible poverty in the streets of Limerick. He experiences the conflicts between rich and poor people as well as between catholics and protestants. Frank discovers friendship and even love, but he also suffers from diseases and from the death of some of his loved ones. There are funny scenes, too. This makes &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; an entertaining novel. You also learn hope and despair can make people do.<br />Get this book. You won't regret it. And I recommend to read the sequel &quot;Tis: A Memoir&quot;, too. I think, you'll learn a lot about Ireland and about people in general. It makes you feel better.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Springsteen's first live box set, Live '75-'85, is the best selling box set ever! It has sold near 14 million copies, no other set can even compare to the greatness of that release...until now. And only Bruce can match it, not Dylan, the Stones, Brooks or anyone else. I just listened to the entire 2 disc set which came out today, and although it is missing some great and well known songs...it is the addition of rare ones that makes it a wonderful listen. I have numerous bootlegs and Live '75-'85, so I've heard Thunder Road, Rosalita, and Born To Run live many times before...but with this set I get songs I've never heard live before (except at his concerts), Jungleland, American Skin, Youngstown and Land of Hopes and Dreams are just a few. Additionally, many of the well knonw songs on this 2-disc set, such as The River and Atlantic City have been revamped and now of a new sound. I'm sure I'll have to buy this release again in the future b/c it is so good I'll no doubt wear the discs out. Although, Bruce is now over 50, as are most of the E-Street Band members, they still rock. If you like classic rock, r&amp;b, jazz, soul, traditional rock or any type of music I'd buy this album. I strongly recommend it and to be honest, I feel it's a necesary addition to anyone's collection...buy it NOW!
6303234844|5.0|This isn't just a concert video. This is a beautifully orchestrated performance that you will watch again and again. Passion is the hallmark here...Gabriel has never been content with just singing songs he's written. He throws his soul into what he does, and the superbly talented musicians he plays with can't help but to shine as well. It's a joyfull show filled with brimming sound and imagery.<br />All of the musicians Gabriel works with past and present are always artists in their own right. Here you will see Singer Paula Cole looking gorgeous and giving Gabriel's dusky vocals a smooth comlement. It's no wonder her career soon skyrocketed. Tony Levin, who has played with Gabriel since his Security album and also has played with King Crimson and others as well as producing his own solo work, lends his commanding stage presence and unbelievable bass playing. David Rhodes gives us his understated but vital guitarwork. Manu Katche is a joy to watch, his percussion style reminding me a bit of a cross between Stewart Copeland (who also has written and played with Gabriel) and Neil Peart. And then there is Shankar, talented Indian double violinist...with his darkly beautiful playing filled with so much emotion.<br />If you are already a Gabriel fan, you are in for a treat here. The imagery his music invokes is here for you, live, and on stage. If you are only familiar with Gabriel's hits, you will be introduced to a musician who is a true artist that has so much more to offer than a hit or two. Seeing this may make you an avid fan.
B000002LRX|4.0|Faith No More is sadly one of the most misunderstood bands of the 1980's and 1990's.  Their range of work certainly goes far beyond the single &quot;Epic&quot;; however modern critics and music                     journalists either refuse or have failed to listen to the rest of their work, both before and after &quot;The Real Thing&quot; (on which &quot;Epic&quot; can be found.)  Therefore FNM is credited/blamed for creating the Limp Bizkit-era onslaught of white dudes with attitude, although I'm sure that even Limp Bizkit has heard more than &quot;Epic&quot;, and can attest to the band's diverse vision.<br />That said...&quot;Angel Dust&quot; is a good place to start if you are interested in Faith No More.  Their output is the most musically varied here; check out the chanting in &quot;Smaller and Smaller&quot;, the high-school cheerleader chorus of &quot;Be Aggressive&quot;, Mike's auctioneer section in &quot;Kindergarten&quot; (along with the beautiful and unexpected short bass solo by Billy Gould), the accordion<br />cover of &quot;Midnight Cowboy&quot;, the country-tinged &quot;R.V.&quot;<br />Supposedly the band later complained that Jim Martin, the guitarist who worked on every album up to and including &quot;Angel Dust&quot;, played poorly and that they had to scrap most of his guitar work.  That comes to me as quite a surprise; Jim's guitar work was never brilliant in the first place, he just provided the right kind of atmosphere.  Similar to Adam Jones of Tool, it isn't so much the complexity of his guitar riffs as it is the &quot;sound&quot; that they produce (the timbre.)  As for Billy Gould and Mike Bordin, their rhythm reached near perfection on this album.  Bordin began to bring more non-standard drumbeats into the mix, which is evident in the beat of &quot;Midlife Crisis.&quot; Roddy's work was also wonderful -- the piano parts of &quot;Everything's Ruined&quot; really shine.  Overall it is apparent that the band became  comfortable with Mike as a person as well as writing material with him, and that the collective members matured in musicianship.<br />Thematically the album is quite limited; almost every song deals with dark subject matters, with the exception &quot;Be Aggressive&quot;, whose lyrics were written by Roddy, not Mike Patton.  Where the lyrics lack diversity in theme, the stories that are told through them are varied drastically in subject.  Mike discussed midlife crises, newly-disappointed parents who find their child is &quot;counterfeit&quot; (trust me, it will make sense when you hear the entire song), crack dealers who fancy themselves as having control over their customers like Hitler, and so on.<br />As a side-note, I rarely comment on packaging as it has no bearing on the music, but the packaging for &quot;Angel Dust&quot; is quite atrocious.  The butcher shop back cover photo is out of place, and the text placed on top of it is barely legible, as it is in black.  Similarly, the lyrics are difficult to read because of the dark text color, and they are crammed into one large paragraph. The band member photographs are nice though, especially the amusing Red Square collage.  As mentioned previously, packaging is the least-important part of an album; however bad packaging betrays the band's level of care for their work.
B00004YKUY|4.0|First of all, I have to agree with the reviewer who commented on Augeri's vocal range.  He CANNOT sustain a Perry-like note, and his rendition of Perry-era songs are unemotional, to say the least.....But I digress.....Appreciate this effort(and Lineup) for what it IS, and not what it COULD or SHOULD be!  These 15 songs are great for what they are.  Neal's guitar playing is better than it has been in YEARS, and Jon's songwriting is at it's best(just imagine Steve Perry singing these songs)...My favorites are: Higher Place, Signs of Life, I got a Reason, To Be Alive Again, and We Will Meet again....Although I'm a sucka for a sappy Cain/Perry ballad, Steve A.. just doesn't pull it off....I'll stick with the Power ballads and rockers from this CD.....Overall it's worth the money...FOR WHAT IT IS....Oh and as an aside..I've been burning to say this for 2 years....Kevin Chalfant, or Hugo Valentin(e) would have been a better choice than Augeri....
B000002C1V|2.0|This is Floyd's worst album.  Waters' lyrics are great but the music (instrumentation) is lacking.  Anyone who thinks this is their best dont like music, they only like lyrics.  Pass on this and just read a book.  By the way Rogerless Floyd is better than this, and its a good thing too because if they would have ended when this came out the would have went out with a stinker.  Any and every other Floyd album is much much better musically, this is lyrical masterpiece but a musical joke.
0811806405|4.0|Cumpiano et al. has done something quite amazing, a gift to guitar lovers everywhere.  They have compiled together virtually every detail of guitar making, interspersing it with concepts from history.  The reader not only learns how, but where some ideas came from and how they developed over time.<br />Guitar making is a daunting task.  I'll admit it, I have yet to actually build one, but the idea fascinates me.  I, who have no mechanical ability whatsoever feel that this book in fact makes the job seem less frightening, and, yes, even possible!  Clearly, the proof is in the doing, but to move me from a position of extreme doubt to possibility is a sign of the authors excellent work in this book.<br />Assuming I ever get to the point of making a guitar (and right now, the cost is what is prohibitive to me!) the one things I would like to know more about is where and how I can change some of the parameters.  For example, there is a great deal of tracing required for this book, which is then transferred onto the wood.  While this is good, I would like to know what is necessary, as opposed to merely design.  The measurements that they give are for THIS guitar that they lead you to build in the book; how do these numbers relate to others so that I can know how to bring creativity to the guitar.<br />However, I know that I perhaps ask for too much.  For a book that is already over 300 pages long, what I suggest may make it too massive a tome.<br />Someone want to loan me a table saw?  I want to build!<br />-ways to change around
0767803434|4.0|I actually just bought this DVD a few days ago.  I was fairly astounded at the visual quality of the movie, even in full screen mode.  The sound was nothing to marvel at (the gunshots, however, did sound really defined on my 5.1 surround sound system).  But I didn't buy the movie for Ford, the sound, or even the amazing clarity of its visuals.  I really bought Air Force One because of its supporting cast and its &quot;in your face&quot; directorial style (Wolfgang Petersen's trademark).  From William H. Macy to Gary Oldman to Glen Close to many others, this movie really shines in its supporting cast (the plane included, who gives a stunning performance, without even a stunt double).  However, an outstanding supporting cast does usually mean that the lead role (or roles) isn't doing his or her job.  I think that's the only area where this movie fails to be convincing. <br />Don't think I'm against Harrison Ford or anything.  I believe these kinds of movies make the public feel very patriotic.  And I believe that if Harrison Ford ran for president, he would probably be victorious.
0440219078|5.0|My english class was asked...asked? No, not asked. We were forced to read this book for our English class. Being an avid reader, I read it way before my other classmates. When they finally got started reading this book, I had just finished reading it...for the third time. Indeed, I adored this novel. Lowry writes with such.... oh, I can't discribe it. Everything in this book is so well described that we can picture the setting in our head. Read this book. You won't regret it.
B00000I8UK|5.0|Please, let us get this straight....read the reviews and know that we are all pretentious.  Reviewers are. People with opinions are just that way.  If you listen to straight ahead stuff, you wont think Out to Lunch is an immediate masterwork.  It is filled with squeaks and squawks,it is not four four.  And probably that is why it is so groundbreaking.  Here is voicings and compostions that were not heard before, and not heard since.  So when the out to lunch sign is on, enter cautiously....but then, let it run wild.  I love this recording.  Here is innovation, joy, wonder.  The more I listen to it the more I am filled with appreciation.  Here is a work of bass clarinet, flute, bowed bass, vibes, and a work of crafted composition...clearly the art of playyers well up on their game.......after a few listens, you'll be crying for more....or put on some headphones and let a film appear in your head....I think modern dancers should work with this stuff, because it is so atmospheric.  So, buy this, give it a listen, hate it and then open up for some pure pleasure.  You'll like it.  Or you can just chalk one up to me being pretentious.
0375703764|5.0|This first novel by Mark Danielewski is a wonder of nature; much like the house it describes. After reading the story of The Navidson Record, the saga of Johnny Truant,and the incomplete information on Zampano, I was frightened to death. This is not a horror story.  This is not dark fiction.  This is not about deep, dark creatures that live in houses.  This is a story of the human mind, of human love, and of human dysfunction.   In this book, there are dull spots and tedious passages, but rather than bogging the storyline down, the spots of tedium serve to pace the book correctly.  These are necessary to gauge the growing phenomenon that takes on a life of it's own within the book; that is, the terror of the Unknown taking root in your own house. The gimmicks within the book (the swirling layout, the appendices, the colored words) are necessary to the storyline as well.  Whereas in most books I despise gimmicks, Danielewski (and/or the editors) uses them wisely and effectively, adding to the atmosphere of the book rather than detracting. This is a brilliant first book that literally kept me awake for days.  I'm still wary of closets, I'm still affected by tattoo artists, and I'm still convinced that a low growl rolls through my apartment from time to time.  However, I'm afraid of dark spaces and changing hallways; specifically my own.
B000002HRE|1.0|What a joke! Anyone that still takes Metallica seriously must either live in a trailer or be inbred. Just the sight of the balding crybaby Lars ranting his psycho-babble makes me nauseous. get a grip guys. keep being such sheep and listen to a real band.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I've anxiously awaited the release of this CD after being a R. fan for 2 years. It's finally here, and it's definitely their best album to date. Their sound is still the same signature hard with a bit of industrial thrown in, but it's evolved and become more mature with this latest release. They focus a lot on backround instrumentals and vocals (there's a female chorus in the backround of a couple of songs). While Till still uses his deep yelling voice, he also tries to sing in a few of the songs, and how nice it is! There are more 'slow' songs (like Seemann from Her. and Klavier from S.) and the lyrics are magnificent (Links 234 answering the American critics, ha ha). I was a little afraid that they might evolve their sound into something not-Rammstein with this album, but thank god they didn't! They're better than ever now, don't miss the opportunity to buy this great, great CD.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Mutter (Mother)... mmm... I think there's no doubt this is one of best Rammstein's albums. A little heavier than Sehnsucht, more like their first album Herzeleid.  A little influence from Metallica and Led Zeppelin, but it's hard to notice.  I have purchased all of their albums and they all are a very cold breath of fresh air.  This is a must-have CD for true Rammstein fans!  The best songs:  Links 2 3 4, Sonne & Mutter [just my opinion!]
0553210246|4.0|What a story! What a tragedy! The Mayor of Casterbridge faces secrets told and untold, misunderstandings, betrayals, loves won and lost... a bona fide soap opera set in a faraway time! Yes, some of the coincidences are a little too convenient, but they kept me reading into the wee hours of the morning! And in the end I cried. This book's characters help us to consider the effects on others of the way we live our own lives. We are truly sorry for the way the Mayor lived his.
155890641X|5.0|Get a hobby whoever said that they were the only one who hated snow white and you you head over heels you best go head over heels for this movie ! This is disney's 3rd best !Bottom line ?This is one heck of a movie !
B000000H64|5.0|I always considered &quot;Demanufacture&quot; to be the bridge between &quot;Soul of a New Machine&quot; and &quot;Obsolete.&quot; It holds the heavy, thrash metal sound of SOANM while laying on the harmony, Obsolete style. For the average Fear Factory fan, you might find this one the easiest to get into. &quot;Zero Signal&quot; is a song that shows what Fear Factory have ahead of them in the future, taking the &quot;Terminator Rock&quot; style they pioneered one step further. &quot;Replica&quot; is probably the most all out heaviest song on here. If I had to recommend one album to a new Fear Factory fan, I would recommend &quot;Demanufacture.&quot; Also check out &quot;Remanufacture,&quot; The remix of this CD. I don't usually like remixes, but it is great. Be sure not to pass up &quot;Demanufacture&quot; of all things.
B00004YKUY|5.0|All true Journey Fans will enjoy this album.  The band has evolved - moved on without Steve Perry - and grown musically in so many ways.  The album has the wonderful sounds so familiar to Journey fans and the very heart touching lyrics that we all cling to as well.  Steve Augeri is an awesome singer with a remarkable voice that sounds not unlike Perry at times but very different in general and so enjoyable on this album.  I look forward to many more albums with this great line up - 2 thumbs up for sure!
B00005AFVR|5.0|Ladies and Gentlemen....THE MIGHTY MAX WEINBERG!! I must say, I was completely shocked by the quality of this CD. The recording and performances are incredible! I was quite skeptical last night at midnight as I stood in line for it, but when I brought it home and popped it on the headphones, I couldn't take it off! I don't know which band member (hopefully Miami Steve) went up to Bruce prior to the New York shows and said, &quot;Listen, Bruce...since we are recording a live album, do you think you could sing like Bruce Springsteen and NOT Woody Guthrie's 200 year-old grandfather?&quot; That was my biggest concern with this set. We all know how much we love what Bruce has done to &quot;Thunder Road&quot; on this tour; he pretty much sucked the life out of it by singing it like a drunk hick hanging off a pickup truck. The same could be said for the past tour performances of &quot;Jungleland&quot; but thankfully, Bruce didn't do it here! If for nothing else, &quot;Lost in the Flood,&quot; &quot;American Skin (41 Shots),&quot; &quot;Atlantic City,&quot; and &quot;Ramrod&quot; make it extremely worthwhile! I will treasure playing those songs over and over while I try to find a reason why the 1999-2000 boring version of &quot;The River,&quot; was included in lieu of &quot;New York City Serenade&quot; or a 17-minute &quot;Tenth Avenue&quot; in place of &quot;The E Street Shuffle&quot; or, my god, &quot;The Promise.&quot; Well, we Bruce fans are used to not getting EVERYTHING we want...but this will do for now! Also, a good alternate title for this album could have been, &quot;How To Be A Real Rock and Roll Drummer in the Age of One-Hit Wonders&quot; with a picture of Max on the cover. I saw Bruce over ten times on this tour, and every night, Max's drums ripped holes in the arena. Long live the power and the glory of the E STREET BAND! This CD will look pretty funny next to my &quot;Plugged&quot; CD, which hasn't been played since I bought it...!
B00004YKUY|5.0|I've listened to all the various incarnations of Journey and believe me this is a great cd by a cutting edge band. A re-energized lineup of top class musicians will be hitting the road this summer and I will be anxious to be part of this new Born-Again-Journey followers! I know there are a lot of die-hard Steve Perry fans who will probably never get to enjoy this music because they feel it would be cheating on their hero, but I'm not one of them. Too bad for them...I'm on this bus and it's headed up to a Higher Place! But don't take my word for it, try it yourself.
B000059TPN|4.0|A whiteknuckle thriller and a true triumph of style over substance, Michael Bay's 'The Rock' would be wholly unbelievable were it not for the fact that it never slows down to give it's audience time to think. From one frame to the next, it moves quickly and brutally. Gun fights and explosions act as punctuation marks for every scene. For sheer 'bang-for-your-buck' entertainment, you can do no better. Producer Jerry Bruckheimer has this genre of film so nailed down, it's impossible to deny the sheer power of this film. Add to it four great performances by Nicolas Cage, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, and the always amazing Sean Connery and you have a movie so thrilling you may just have to reupholster your easy chair after hitting EJECT. The story revolves around retired Marine Ed Harris who kidnaps a bunch of tourists and sets up base on the deserted prison island Alcatraz. He demands restitution to the families of his fellow Marines who have died during covert operations. If his demands are not met, he will launch rockets containing a deadly (to say the least) chemical agent on San Francisco. Nicolas Cage is a skilled FBI scientist, trained in chemical warfare and Michael Biehn is the leader of the Marine group who will attempt to break into Alcatraz and stop Harris's plan. The FBI will use Sean Connery to help them break into Alcatraz (as he is the only man ever to break out of The Rock). The problem there is that Connery is a British spy who has been unrightfully imprisioned for the past 30 years and has quite the chip on his shoulder about it. 'The Rock' speeds it's way from here to there, never taking the time to do any real character development or plot analysis (aside from Harris' character, no one in the film really seems that well layered), and that is decidely a good thing. The action sequences in the film are truly amazing, including a car chase through the busy streets of San Francisco and a massive gun fight between the 'good' and the 'bad' marines. The filmis also laced with more one-liners then your average TV-sitcom, sparking the films 'quiet times' with a great amount of personality and wit. This is certainly not a stupid film by any means, even though some of the plot devices are trite and predictability hangs over the outcome. But for 136 minutes we are riveted and thrilled. This is a wild roller-coaster ride that you will not be sorry for getting on. The special 2-disc Criterion set is loaded with extras, verything from interviews and making-of featurettes, and the film's transfer is gorgeous. A great way to enjoy the film and a nice addition to any action film fan's collection.
B00005AAFS|5.0|this cd is really good. it sounds a bit different from the last album. but u still know its rammstien. except for the last song every song is hard and heavy. not much slow down. turn up your volume cause it will blow the roof off. nothing wrong with this cd. even if u have never heard of rammstien this is a keeper. rammstien is the best!!!!!!
B0000508UN|5.0|If you're looking for a live, funky, spectacular show, this is it.  Grant is &quot;on&quot;, the organ playing is riveting and Idris(Leo) drives the beat home.  A great live performance from Mr. Green.  &quot;Down Here on the Ground&quot; is one of the most ear-pleasing tunes there is. Good stuff.
B00004YKUY|5.0|This CD is a work of art, musically and delivers what Journey Fans want and expect!   Neals Souring, tasteful methodical leads are a definate plus, along with the Stellar song writing.  Steve Augeri does a great job filling the shoes of Steve Perry with a very Soulful and broad range.  Anyone buying this CD has bought the CD of the year!  Journey is sure to gain young, new fans with this masterpiece.  With songs like &quot;Higher place&quot;,&quot;World gone wild&quot;, and &quot;Nothin'comes close&quot; there is no lack of Rock and Roll here.   Not to mention the many Power Ballads, this CD is a winner!
B000002GXX|4.0|I have to say that this is one of those albums where the memory is so much better than the reality.  For me, 'One of These Nights' was THE single of the summer of '75.  It was a wonderful, balmy time, and many radio DJs were very pleased for the band, because it was their first major commercial success in the UK.<br />But on hearing this again, I feel it marks the moment where the Eagles sold out -- where they went for mainstream success, whatever that meant abandoning.  'One of These Nights' is still a decent single, but it has nothing to do with country rock.<br />'Journey of the Sorcerer' is one of those weird one-offs that actually defies what I've just written about about success at any cost.  In the UK, the tune is now better known as the theme tune to the radio series 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy'.  Assuming Disney use it for the film that the show's writer, Douglas Adams, is negotiating, it should keep Bernie Leadon comfortable in his retirement.<br />The entire album is very pleasant, very listenable.  I have to question whether this album is really remastered.  This is now the fourth Eagles album in the remastered series that I've bought, and I feel I need a little more than a sticker and a transparent jewel case to persuade me that the sound has been remastered.  Unlike say, the Steely Dan remasters, there are no additional sleevenotes.  So if the recording has been remastered,  we don't know who did it, where or when.  Before it got stolen, I used to own this recording on a mid-1980s gold CD, and I cannot say that the sound on this version is any better.
B00005AAFS|5.0|In this album Rammstein has departed in a new direction, with a certain formula for their songs.  These songs are on a grander scale, but still containing the roaring, growling vocals and unique electronic-and-electric blend that distinguishes Rammstein.  With their haunting tracks &quot;Sonne&quot; and &quot;Ich Will&quot;, they show this new formula, but manage to keep their old flow on tracks like &quot;Rein Raus&quot;.  A must buy for any Rammstein fan, or metal fans in general.  Rock on, Rammstein!
6305558167|4.0|I don't know how anyone could find this film cheesy. This is one of the truest tellings of the Knights of the Round table legend. I, for one, was glad that a 'Tom Cruise' or 'Keanu' wasn't playing the main roles. In fact, the main parts are played by relatively unknown actors. The story is captivating, and looks quite lush on DVD. Interestingly enough, though, if you're looking for big-name actors, there are many in supporting roles. Liam Neeson, Gabriel Byrne, and Patrick Stewart appear in minor roles. Keeping in mind that this film was made in 1981, I found the effects quite up to par and entertaining. Bottom line, if you find King Arthur stories fascinating, as I do, you must purchase this DVD. The price of this DVD makes it a steal. Trust me, you'll be happy you bought it.
0399226907|4.0|We've had this book most of my son's life (18 months). It's been fascinating to see him appreciate new things in the pictures and to be able to identify some of the foods the catepillar eats.<br />As a parent, it's refreshing to actually have a story line in a kids book. The repitition of the foods eaten each day, and the lesson in counting and days of the week it provides, makes it fun for all of us to read. And yes, the pictures are wonderful!
