0393312836|5.0|This book was excellent i found it very exciting and the plot was excellent.<br />Dedicated to Mr. Norling
B0000029DD|5.0|i bought this the other night on a whim.  about three years ago i heard &quot;last goodbye&quot; and loved it.  i wanted to hear the song so i bought the disc and was completely enthralled.  jeff buckley writes amazing  songs.  his band is tight (together not the slang term), and his vocals are  beautiful.  i think that anyone that is a fan of the things mentioned above  should definately buy this album.  it is fantastic.
014028009X|5.0|This is such a funny book.  Bridget is Ally McBeal minus the neurotic self-absorption - at least a bit of it.  What makes this book so ggod is that it is so real and normal.  Bridget is everybody.
0312117337|4.0|After i had a few traditional tarot decks, i came across a sample of these cards on an on line tarot sight, immediately, i knew i had to have them. They are without a doubt the most thought provoking beautiful and soulful  cards i have ever seen, they carry no morbid premonitions, offer no future  divinations, yet when i read for myself  i get right to the heart of  whatever the issue is. I havent yet figured out how to read for others  using this, simply because they give no answers, all cards, all meanings  point to an inner working, and they all somehow ask us to open up to love,  to the moment and letting go of fear.<br />all in all, the osho zen tarot is  lovely and full of hope.
185984054X|4.0|Another reviewer said this wasn't a rant.  Well, I'm afraid it is.  But it's a very funny one.  And Hitchens has some evidence behind his sharpened rhetorical knives.  He points out the hypocrisy of many of Mother Theresa's  actions, the poor care her hospitals give, when compared to other  organizations, and the shady people she's chosen to be associated with.  <BR><BR>Sure, she's dead; sure, she spent a lot of time with sick people;  but that doesn't automatically make her a saint, as Hitchen's makes clear.  <BR><BR>Still, this is a polemic not a biographical study (which is why I  only gave it 4 stars).  If you want an in depth history of Mother Theresa,  this is not the first place to look.
6305609691|4.0|i was quite disappointed with this film and i hate to say it is probably because i am young.  i watch a lot of films and have grown to notice things i do not like.  for instance the voice over narration to me was over done.   i know that at the time it was revolutionary and a lot about this film was,  but it just didn't hit me like it hit most people.  i prefer Full Metal  Jacket.
B000021XS0|5.0|Well, I bought this cd the day it came out.  I just listened to it this past weekend.  I decided the minute I bought it that I would not listen to it until I had the time to listen to ALL of it.  And having done so I can  only say that I have heard musical perfection.  I truly believe that this  is the best album ever made by any band of any genre.  The top notch  musicianship that we have come to expect from Dream Theater is the best it  has ever been on this one.  James Labrie's voice is magical throughout.   This is a concept album.  I will say nothing of the story or give anything  specific within my review.  From entering  the safe place, to waking up,  this album is a roller coaster of beauty.  The music of OVERTURE 1928 is  too good for words, but expect virtuosity never before heard.  The lyrics  to FATAL TRAGEDY(written by Bassist John Myung) are moving and fit so well  with the music.  John Petrucci's lyrics on THROUGH HER EYES are beyong  moving and beautiful.  HOME, the single from the album, is actually catchy  in a very odd way.  It is one I put on when I do not have time but need the  fix of this cd.  Labrie's vocals on THE SPIRIT CARRIES ON reflect the mood  of the song and really get you.  FINALLY FREE brings it all to a dramatic  close and your heart can beat again.   The stunning guitar work of Petrucci  on BEYOND THIS LIFE really caught my attention.  He is truly amazing.  And  not to wear out an old comparison, but drummer Mike Portnoy is truly the  heir to Rush's Neil Peart's (drum) throne.  New Keyboardist Jordan Rudess  is a great addition(especially the piano on ONE LAST TIME).  This album is  a masterpiece.  I was left speechless after hearing it.  It really is by  far the best album I have ever heard.  Maybe not my personal favorite, but  absolutely the most musically put together album in modern history.  This  album is good for any music lover.  ANYONE who knows what music is.  I can  not reccomend it enough.  I only suggest that you listen to it only when  you have enough time to hear it all and be whisked away to another place  for 77 minutes and 6 seconds.  You will not regret it.
B000005AYM|5.0|I would never on any day of any week of any year rate this album less than five stars.  Ms. Badu takes the Groove Bill and makes it Groove Law.  Henceforward, if an artist CANNOT make you feel the way you will after  hearing this album, then it really will be a crime.
1559409010|4.0|THE LIFE OF BRIAN has remained one of my favorite Python flicks after the glow of the Holy Grail began to wear thin from overuse. If you're considering purchasing this movie, you've probably seen the movie already  and are a Monty Python fan. If not, get ready for one of Python's most  sacrilegious and hilarious movies of their collection! If you are easily  offended, you might think twice. However, the satire here is equally  distributed and is not aimed so much at religion itself but moreso at the  amusing ways in which people can behave &quot;under the influence&quot; of  zealotry.<br />I thoroughly enjoyed rewatching the movie, but it was a great  surprise to find that this DVD comes packed with some great bonus  materials. Several full-length, revealing interviews with the cast go into  more Python history than just that surrounding this flick. And a rather  large collection of scenes cut from the final release are also quite  interesting.<br />The video and audio quality seem to be on par with most of  the other DVD movies I've seen so far, despite the film's age.<br />All in  all, a great addition to any Python collection.
B00004T8RK|4.0|If your a fan of Pearl Jam you need to buy this! I have all of thier CD's and as usual there are some songs that I am not really crazy about, then there are some songs that I HAVE to HAVE! Check out Light Years, Nothing as  it seems, and Thin Air. I think you will find out that it is a CD worth  having.
B00003CWL6|3.0|This is not one of the best films ever made, it is not even in the top 100. Anyone who thinks so has either not seen or understood Citizen Kane, Taxi Driver, 2001 or The Battleship Potemkin.  American Beauty is riddled  with first year film school cliches and kindergarden philosophy. The angst  filled teenagers are not only unappealing, they are nauseating to look at  and listen to. Annette Benning give as adequate but unremarkable  performance (she can cry and scream, so what?) What American Beauty does  have is an absolutely brilliant performance by Kevin Spacey. Everything  else in the film has been done before and better.
B00004RFCM|3.0|I have only watched the first episode so far.  While I do enjoy the show, I must point out that the DVD version was done very poorly.  I realize it was only a &quot;TV&quot; show, but on my HDTV the color is lousy and  heavily pixelated. Perhaps the worst DVD video quality I've seen so far.  You may just want to buy the VHS for this one.  Don't waste time or money  on this DVD.
0385495315|5.0|Desde el comienzo del libro, Simon Singh narra con detalle y fuerza piezas claves de la historia de la codificacin, haciendo que un tema tan complejo sea de la ms fcil comprensin. Los hechos histricos aparecen descritos  con minuciosidad manteniendo un ritmo que hace de cada pgina slo un  anticipo de otra an ms interesante. Las vidas de los personajes clave son  recogidas en forma de pequeas biografas que hacen que te sumerjas con  facilidad en sus emociones, sus dificultades y en la presin que rodeaba su  trabajo. Se trata, en general, de una obra divulgativa muy bien escrita y  con un contenido apasionante. Seguiremos los pasos del Sr. Singh..
0767849493|4.0|Wow, this movie was by Kevin Smith, and I found it funny ANDeducational. the Muse, played wonderfully by Salma Hayek, said itright in regards to religion: Our hearts are in the right place, but our brains aren't.<br />Too many religions bash one another... I think it's hilarious that the Catholics got so upset with this movie. I think they shoulda' took it more lightly. <br />This movie was different from past movies by Kevin Smith, which, AS ALWAYS, will cost him fans who hate anything different. <br />It's FUNNY, above all else. I'd recommend this to anyone who just wants a good, hard laugh.
B00002E23H|4.0|Does an action/adventure/horror flick really need an Academy Award winning script?  In the case of The Deep Blue Sea, no...and don't expect one either.  With the possible exception of Samuel L. Jackson's &quot;One for All and  All for One&quot; speech which in itself is worth the price of the tape,  this movie is all about a nasty bunch of sharks looking for a few good  men...and women.<br />The sharks are the central focus of this flick, obviously,  but they are supported by two key players: the mad female scientist bent on  getting her name in medical journals at almost any cost (Saffron Burrows)  and the obligatory hunky, bad-boy blonde (Thomas Jane) who comes to  everyone's rescue.<br />In any case, think of this as Jaws Meets the Poseidon  Adventure.  Far more graphic than Jaws and with three sharks instead of  just one, you get to see plenty of shark action in this movie.  The shark  effects are pretty good and a fair number of people get shredded and  devoured by these now incredibly intelligent creatures of the deep, all as  a result of the mad scientists' scheme to find a cure for Alzheimer's  Disease.  Yeah...okay, whatever...<br />While it never made any sort of Best  Film of the Year list, it was at least good for a few terribly exciting  sequences and some definite laughs.  (I guess I have a more bizarre sense  of humor than most.)  For what it's worth, the movie had a high  entertainment factor; something many of today's action/adventure/horror  flicks are sorely missing.
B00004S6GL|5.0|Elliott Smith's genius (and I do not use the term lightly) has always been primarily in his songwriting.  From his days as a member of the talented and interesting, if not particularly innovative, mid-90s grungy rock group  Heatmiser, through his three guitar-and-voice solo albums on indie labels  (of which the best is 1997's exquisite Either/Or,) Smith has crafted scores  of engaging,  melodic tunes with heart-wrenchingly poetic lyrics.  Figure  8, his latest release and second for Dreamworks records (which continues  his tradition of mediocre album titles), is brimful of prime examples of  this songcraft, from his standard acoustic fare (\\"Somebody That I Used to  Know\\") to more experimental efforts (the haunting \\"Everything Means Nothing  To Me.\\")  In many ways, this album continues in the vein of 1998's  acclaimed XO, which caught flak from some fans for being \\"overproduced.\\"  I  felt that XO's  broadened instrumental palette added a not-unwelcome level  of interest to Elliott's songs, even though they could very well have stood  on their own.  On Figure 8, however, the instrumentation becomes an  integral part of many of the tunes, and it becomes apparent that Smith is  adept as an arranger, instrumentalist, and overall musician, as well as  being a gifted songwriter.  Here, for example, his considerable skills as a  pianist come to the fore, particularly on the rollicking, somewhat  disturbing opening cut, \\"Son of Sam.\\"  Many of the tunes feature strings,  to excellent dramatic effect, and there is also a lot more drumming than  ever before, some of it from the prolific and talented Pete Thomas.   Ominous French horns underscore the sense of futility in \\"Stupidity Tries,\\"  while some sort of electronically altered timpani bumble along in the  background on &quot;Happiness.\\"  The ultimate effect of all of this  orchestration is not to drown out the beauty of Smith's melodies, but to  heighten the tension that has always been present in his lyrics.  \\"Can't  Makea Sound\\" starts out with a single acoustic guitar strumming out a  steady four, and slowly builds into an intense, string-laden mantra.  A  number of tracks utilize a slew of multi-tracked guitars and vocals,  emphasizing the haunting power of Smith's unusual, affecting voice.  The  gorgeous, introspective \\"Everything Reminds Me of Her,\\" perhaps one of his  most moving compositions to date, is elevated to an even higher realm of  beauty  with the addition of barely noticeable touches of electric guitar  in the background.  As usual, the lyrics take a somewhat disconsolate  tone (this is Elliott Smith we're talking about) both in cynicism about  relationships (\\"you take advantage till you think you're being used/'cos  without an enemy your anger gets confused\\") and about humanity in general  (\\"your world's no wider than your hatred of his.\\")  There are, however,  pockets of contentment.  While \\"LA\\" reveals the precarious nature of that  city's sun-soaked gaiety (\\"I'm living in the day/but last night I was about  to throw it all away\\"), it at least does so within a musical setting of  propulsive, full-throttle rock and roll.  \\"Junk Bond Trader,\\" whose lyrics  are a laundry-list of societal disorder and decadence, may well be Smith's  rockingest record yet, with its dynamic guitar work and unremitting  drumbeat.  \\"In the Lost and Found\\" actually shows strong signs of optimism;  it's a tuneful little waltz about newfound love (\\"kissed you quick, feeling  weird\\") and it features a rollicking, upbeat honky-tonk sounding piano  figure.  Perhaps he is beginning to cheer up at least a little. Let's hope  that doesn't mean he loses interest in music.  Figure 8 is Elliott's latest  masterpiece, and I have a feeling there will be more to come.
B00004LN16|3.0|I just picked up the cd today and listened to it all the way through and my first impression is that this effort is much like the sound that made them years ago. Lip offers 12 songs for your listening pleasure and of  those 12, 3 I liked right away. The title cut, &quot;damned&quot;,  &quot;all screwed up&quot; the rest may take a little time to soak in. I  would recommend this album to the ACDC freak, but not to any fan unfamiliar  with the band. It is a good album to have to compliment the buffs' ACDC  discography, but people new to the band should listen to the bands'work in  the 70's-by far the best efforts. I gave this cd 3 out of 5 stars
0783229100|5.0|Paul Newman and Robert Redford team up in one of the best comedies of all time. Terrific performances by Paul Newman, Robert Redford and Robert Shaw. However, this great feature had too much cursing. There are so many other  words that can be used instead of foul language.But the movie is excellent.
0517122707|3.0|The publishing world has been shamelessly promoting this award winning book -- I enjoyed it, but I didn't think it was quite as much of a hoot as many critics must have. Sure, I laughed at Ignatius' over-active sphincter  and his total loser personality, but after a few hundred pages of his manic  thoughts, I begain to tire of him.  yes, I think the book is a classic, but  once you're over the main part of the story, I doubt you'll roll in the  aisles laughing.  Maybe I'm a heathen, but I laughed much more at every  Dave Barry book.
B000002WMH|5.0|RCA Records spent the first decade after Elvis Presley's death releasing compilations wrongheaded at best (a Canadian tribute, a children's album) criminally negligent at worst (the &quot;Elvis Medley,&quot; the  re-recording &quot;I Was The One&quot;). BMG's takeover of RCA increased  the flow of reissues, but also their quality; Elvis now stood atop the time  and style he lived in, rather than had his songs sicced on trends or  revivals.<br />&quot;The Legendary 50s Masters&quot; gives Presley the regal  treatment given his subjects: Dylan, Clapton, Zeppelin. Its 140 songs  across five discs (including rarities and a 1958 press conference), and  deluxe booklet (including rare photos and author Peter Guaralnik's essay)  preface and tell the first, happiest chapters of one of last century's most  compelling stories.<br />Starting before the beginning with Elvis' original  demo, &quot;My Happiness,&quot; the songs tour  his amazing first year at  Sun, his RCA signing and the seismic musical and film success that  followed. Before influencing the world, Elvis acknowledges his own  influences, covering songs by Bing Crosby, Junior Parker, Bill Monroe, Ray  Charles, and Clyde McPhatter among others. We also musically meet the  supporting cast: Scotty Moore, Bill Black, D.J. Fontana, Sam Phillips, the  Leiber/Stoller songwriting team, and others who painstaking created this  supposed rock and roll explosion using ageless musical ingridients.<br />This  set has so much to recommend and celebrate. Elvis' voice in all guises  (growler, crooner, hillbilly) has never sounded clearer in music now nearly  a half-century old. The fifth disc is a revelation, containing alternate  takes of Presley's hits, a piece of the &quot;Million Dollar Quartet&quot;  session, and three songs from his Las Vegas debut (suffice it to say his  conquering of the town would come later). Even without these treats,  &quot;The Legendary 50s Masters&quot; would, by packaging alone, be the  finest posthomous  Presley release and, subsequently, one of the finest box  sets ever.omous  Presley release and, subsequently, one of the finest box  sets ever.
B000002J1O|5.0|This is my favourite Genesis record. Being a Genesis fan since I was 16 (now I am 38)I've bought all their records from &quot;Trespass&quot; to &quot;I can't dance&quot;, losing my interest in the band at the same  progressive way as it was losing its progressive roots. For me, highlights  of the collection are &quot;Firth or Fifth&quot; with an excellent job of  all the band (specially piano, guitar, keyboards and drums) and  &quot;Cinema Show&quot;, which I consider a brillant summary of what  progressive (long ago, in the old days we used to say  &quot;symphonic&quot;) rock is (should I say better, was?). These songs are  clearly shadowing the possible brightness of the rest of pieces: &quot;I  know what I like&quot; was the first Genesis song broadcasted in the radio  in Spain (take this as an asset or as a negative issue). I am glad to know  that other listners are pointing &quot;Battle of Epening Forest&quot;  (Peter Gabriel at his best) or &quot;After the Ordeal&quot; (what a music  and how well played!). Forget everything you have heard and/or read about  progressive rock and make your own judgement after listening to this CD. At  least you will know one the first songs ever recorded with Phil Collins as  a lead vocal (&quot;More Fool Me&quot;)
B00004T9UF|4.0|This CD is excellent. The Marshall Mathers LP is much more entertaining than the Slim Shady LP because the beats improved and also the lyrical content was made much more interesting. This is one of the first cd's where  I can play the whole thing through without having to skip that many tracks.  If you are an EMinem fan or even a hard-core rap fan this cd will probably  be a good buy for you, but if strong language offends you, you might want  to listen to it the first time with open ears. Once again this is a great  rap cd.
0446364495|1.0|This is one of the worst written books of all time.  I still cant believe it was such a big seller, but who am I to speak for the American public.  I guess there are a lot of desperate and unhappy people out there who wanted to be that woman when Mr. Perfect walked through the door.  This book was so bad that I resented the hour or so it took me to fly through it -- I could have cleaned the bathroom or something.  At least the movie had an excuse (it is much more enjoyable than the book with its cheesy Hollywood plot), but this kind of horrible writing is embarrassing. See the movie instead.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I was so glad to see this on sale!   It is just like the old Bruce stuff.  Very creative and the three guitar attack is a lot like old Paul Dianno!
B00004SCX6|4.0|Yes, Britney has definitely done it again...and then some! This album reflects a more refined sound, without losing the excellent pop selling force of the first one. Less ballads, and more fun dance music, with a  little more 'sassiness' and fun extras! Let's face it...Britney, at 19  years old, is a positive, hard working role model for teens in the  world...she reached for her dreams and got the stars! The CD is great, I  can't wait for her concert in Sacramento (I managed to get 5th row seats! )  and one more thing, Brit...You Go Girl !
0553275976|5.0|Woolf is a genius -- this is one of the most enjoyable and interesting novels you may ever read.  No where has the ego and greed of Wall Street in its heyday been so exposed along with all the conventions and pretenses of  the newly rich and famous.  Few readers will forget the opening page with  &quot;Shuuuurmen&quot; blaring out.  The characters are unforgettable and  Woolf is an absolute genius at capturing detail in both his dialogue and  description.  One of my favorite all time novels.  At once fun, and great  literature.
B000023X9W|5.0|&quot; Like it or not your gonna grow to love this cd..At first listen the simple nature and lack of edginess may not feel like much, but soon like a fine weed it'll creep up on you and in a week or so you'll realize what an  understated masterpiece this latest cd from Young is. Unlike anything he's  ever done before, yet in a way just like everything that has come before  since the beginning. Full circle...I think old Neil has finally come  home.&quot;
B00004SCX6|3.0|What I want to know, is why is it a problem that Britney's music is loved by 12 year olds?  Her audience is the teenage population, so why are all of these adults trashing her music?  Everyone has a different voice, and  Britney's is unique and maturing.  Bruce Springsteen's voice was scratchy  and growly, but you seem to like him.  I like Britney's new CD, and  although it would be kewl if she could write her own songs, I think she is  doing a great job, and you all need to stop being so critical.
B000002579|5.0|This album has since gone quad-platinum.  'Nuff said.
B00003CX59|4.0|The Good: Great sets &amp; Costumes. Fairly inventive plot (Ichabod isn't a schoolteacher, he's a NY cop) and respectable acting.  The Great: A cameo from the great Christopher Lee. Chris Walken as the Horseman. Miranda  Richardson's &quot;watch your heads&quot; line. The Bad: The sub-plot about  young Icabod. Summery: A good attempt at resurrecting the films we all  loved to watch on Saturday night.
0792844890|5.0|I can only say two words about this movie, those being &quot;Absolutely Hilarious.&quot;  This movie is a series of never ending jokes, quips, and puns that are original and just down right funny.  If you enjoyed Blazing  Saddles, then you will certainly enjoy this because it is the same kind of  humor in a Star Wars environment.  Make sure you see it on DVD, it is well  worth it.  Enjoy.<br />~ General rule of thumb ~<br />Ya haven't seen a movie  until you've seen it on DVD.
B000001ELD|3.0|Peter's solo album was eclectic, with Gene's solo album it  just seems a bit unfocused. Don't get me wrong there is nothing wrong with experimentation (I guess thats what the solo albums were for), but at the  end of the day many of these songs either try to be too clever, or too  obscure..and that ends up being the albums down fall. We cover all kinds of  musical ground here from Beatlesque stylings &quot;Mr Make Believe&quot;  and &quot;See You Tonite&quot; to great pop metal with  &quot;Radioactive&quot; and &quot;Livin In Sin&quot;, to the outrageous and  awful &quot;When You Wish Upon A Star&quot;. Again I'd say they are all  great songs (with the exception of the last) but it just makes it a little  too hard for the listener to take this in as an all round listening  experience. Taken apart from the others many of these songs work real well.  Perhaps if we were to place a Paul song every second song, it would work  real well! Wink Wink! Oh hang on that's called a Kiss album...go figure!
B00004T8RK|3.0|I expected more from PJ.  If this is your first Pearl Jam CD buy Versus!
B000001ELF|3.0|Ace is the guitarist of Kiss, of that there should be no doubt. Others have come and gone...but Ace will be remembered as the most influential. This CD demonstrates this point, cause the guitar work, although not the  most technical etc, has blood running through its veins! Ace is the sound  of Kiss, but he was not and never will be remembered as the songwriter of  Kiss, or the singer of Kiss. Given his freedom here the songs are not  important, its the lead breaks that launch out of those songs that impress.  Case in point would be &quot;Snow Blind&quot; which lumbers along...then  BANG this fantastic spirited solo comes from left field! &quot;New York  Groove&quot; is Ace showing his eccentricity and seems to be what he was  trying to recreate for years to come...when at the end of the day Ace is  great and greatest as the lead guitarist for Kiss. So if you can remember  any of the songs after the first listen you'll be doing well...but I'll  guarantee you'll have the sounds of Ace's playing reverberating in your  head for days to come thanks to the great guitar work he laid down on this  his first and best solo album.
B00000099Y|5.0|I am not sure if I can put this into words. nima is simply... well, its not simply anything. nima is a work of art. It is more precious to me than my own life. I would dive in front of a frieght train if I thought it would  make just one more person a Tool fan as serious as myself. nima is an  intillectual playground. Nothing is out of place. Not one drum beat is in  the wrong place, not one guitar riff sounds wrong. I'm not talking about  the qaulity of the recording, I am talking about the music. Every note  means as much as you can get out of an entire volume of encyclopedias.  Maynard's lyrics help you dive into the human psyche and ask yourself  questions. You realize what you are, who you are, and get a better  understanding of why other people behave the way they do. If you are  expecting this review to say &quot;I like the guitars, their loud, I like  loud music&quot; you are going to be dissapointed. Tool is more complex,  more real, so real that it is surreal... if thats possible. I can't  convince you to buy this. &quot;I can show you the door, you have to walk  through it.&quot; If you ever listen to a stranger, even once, make it now,  and buy nima, you will thank yourself, and Maynard.
B000002JEV|4.0|This is an absolute great album for anyone to buy. I would not only reccomend it to any one who is a big Zep fan, but to anyone who likes classic or hard rock. One good thinga about this album is that it has  tracks that you cant get on any of their albums. Like &quot;Travelling  Riverside Blues&quot; which is one of the coolest Zep songs I have ever  heard. If you are even a slight Led Zeppelin fan, go and buy right now I  guarantee you wont be let down.
B000000OU6|5.0|es un albm excelente, Slash sigue siendo uno de los mejores guitarristas que he podido escuchar y este Cd, lo acredita, las mejores canciones Neither Can I, Be the ball, aunque algo que lo malogra es Eric, (mala  imitacin de Axl), espero que ya no est en el proximo cd...
B000002J1U|5.0|I would have to say that if you have bought Zeps first and second album you must buy this one. For some reason this album is the most underrated Zep album that there probably is. Every song on this album is good and one  of the best things is it never gets old. Although I dont think I'd say its  their best album its pretty damn good.
0380002930|5.0|I consider myself tardy in my responsibilities as an avid reader that I have only just read Watership Down at the age of 31.  It's a book I've looked at over and over again through the years, and honestly thought that  a novel about rabbits just couldn't be that engrossing.  I was wrong, and I  have suggested to all my reading friends who have also missed this treasure  that they pick it up as soon as possible!  It was delightful, and I find  myself using it as a touchstone for any book I read now.  My reading life  can now be clearly identified into two separate periods...before Watership  Down, and after Watership Down.
B000002J09|5.0|This is probably the greatest album ever in Rock and Roll history. Every single song on the album is awesome. It is certainly my favorite album and most Zep fans would agree with me that it is probably their best work ever.  The cover could maybe use a little work, but that doesn't really matter. I  would reccommend this album to anyone, no matter what kind of music they  like.<br />ZEPPELIN RULES!
B0000399WI|5.0|Unlikely friends provide the backbone for a touching story about 'lifers' in prison.  The characters are believable, the story unforgettable.  The cruel reality of prison life provides a stark contrast to the depth of  friendship between two men and their mental triumph over institutional  life.
B00004R99U|5.0|DISNEY HAS DONE IT AGAIN I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS MOVIE IF YOU LOVE DISNEY MOVIES THIS IS A MUST HAVE
B00002SWEM|5.0|I saw this film in cinema and it was very good but seeing it on DVD again, it was much better. The colour and texture are nearly edible. the music is a1. i have since bought all the cd in the Buena Vista Social Club coll.(6  in all). It was nominated for an Oscar for Best Documentroy in 2000 and  also won a whole host of grammy's. I want to go to Cuba now and so will  you...
0446310786|5.0|Entertaining...emotionally moving...life changing...what more can I say!  I am strongly recommending for everyone to read this book once each year.  As a former 11th grade English teacher, I brought this book into my  classroom and saw several students literally come to life!  One boy said it  was the first book he had ever read all the way through. Not only is it fun  to read, but it really challenges the way you think and process others'  differences.  To Kill a Mockingbird comes highly recommended...
6304539258|5.0|I saw Star Wars: Episode I in theatres before I saw this.  Episode I was a movie I really enjoyed, in contrast to some.  About a week after that, I saw the original.  My first impression was that it was too long and it  needed more action.  Everyone can come to the same conclusion after  watching Episode I.  It is really fast paced, and has much more action.   But this one - the original really grew on me the next time I watched it.   I reallized there was great character development, an even pinch of comedy,  and much depth - all things I wasn't really looking for after watching  Episode I, which has all that too, just alot less.  I saw how the  characters in Episode I matured to become what they were in the trilogy.   The original opens up when the Empire lives.  Princess Leia, a person from  the senate, has stolen plans for a huge Imperial space station called the  Death Star.  The Empire's agent, Darth Vader, fears the princess might find  a weakness and destroy the station.  So he attacks her ship in order to get  the plans back.  But Leia puts the plans inside a droid and sends it, along  with another, to Obi-Wan Kenobi - a used-to-be-general for her father.   However, the droids fall into the hands of a farm boy named Luke Skywalker  first.  Determained to get the plans to Obi-Wan, the droid runs away from  Luke, who follows it.  Luke ends up meeting Obi-Wan, finding him to be a  Jedi Knight.  Obi-Wan invites Luke for Jedi training.  Later, Luke accepts  and the head for Leia's father with the droids.  Han Solo flies them to the  Death Star accidentally and they rescue Princess Leis from the station.   Later, in a spectacular arial showdown, Luke flies in a fighter against all  odds and destroys the Death Star.  The movie following this one is what I  think is the best - The Empire Strikes Back, due to the best character  development and action.  I still think this movie is a little too long, so  I like Episode I best next, and then the one following &quot;Empire&quot; -  Return of the Jedi.  Don't get me wrong, I love all the Star Wars movies.   I think most of you would like &quot;Empire&quot; best also.  But all of  them are definetly worth buying, and if not that, watching - trust me.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|What can I say?  This is an excellent album.  I especially enjoyed Out of the Silent Planet and The Thin Line Between Love and Hate.  This is some of the best work Iron Maiden has yet done.  There are some truly classic songs  on this album, and Bruce's vocals are likely the best he has ever done.
1883010039|5.0|Forget all the other books on weaving. This is the one. Anyone who has problems warping their loom, designing patterns, learning new patterns will wear the pages of this book thin with reading and rereading and rereading  and more rereading. There is barely a day that goes by that I do not in  some way refer back to this fantastic book! All we ask is that the writer  give us more!  Bravo!
B000002IWH|4.0|I thought it was great. Nine Inch Nails is my favorite band and they have my favorite song on here. I was impressed Nine Inch Nails soundtrack song was good as some of their album songs. Unlike most bands, they didn't lower  in quality for &quot;just a soundtrack&quot;. The other songs were cool not  to forget. Of course the movie was good too.
1559409002|5.0|Just wanted to add to the praise for this movie and single out the cinematography, which is some of the best I've ever seen. Criterion should be commended for releasing this little known movie in such an elegant  edition. Even with its occasional flaws, this film is an amazing  accomplishment and was, for me, a very pleasant surprise.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I think I'm reviewing this just to change my list of reviews up, they can't all be 4 and 5 stars can they? Now before you click off, hear me out. I like pop music just as much as the next person, but the package that is  Britney Spears is just that, a fancy, worked out, slick, lip-synching  poster child. And I'm being rather kind. How does this stuff grab people?  All the CD has is a bunch of production with a pretty package. It says  NOTHING, feels NOTHING and means NOTHING. Firstly she doesn't write the  lame lyrics and if she claims to, then she hasn't had some surgery either.  Second, her voice isn't that great, I mean nobody really knows since she  lip-synchs everywhere she goes! (Did you catch the SNL performance) Lastly,  this whole disc is one calculated machine directly from some old guys head  to your home, hope you realize this. Well I am almost done ranting, but  just looking at the TRL state that music is in, makes me hope for the new  Radiohead album even more than ever. Till then it's Primal Scream's XTRMNTR  in the player!
B00000DFRS|5.0|This is a fabulous album, every song just seems to flow one into another, &amp; I find it to be very enjoyable, not boring at all. This is one of Whitney's best, I'm not at all sorry for buying this one like I am a lot of  other CD's that I've gotten in the past. You're gonna love it!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Iron Maiden has been one of the most notable names in the heavy metal industry for the past 20 years, and they are proving why in &quot;Brave New World.&quot; This is an excellent album, one very much worth your dollar.  After coming off two albums with Blaze Bailey that did not quite meet  everyone's expectations, Maiden blasts us away with great tracks such as  &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot;, &quot;The Thin Line Between Love and  Hate&quot; and &quot;The Fallen Angel.&quot; Iron Maiden was made never to  go out without a bang. On the album, &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; and  &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot; are definitely out of this world,  especially since both are based on interesting artistic works, one a cult  movie and the other a literary novel by C.S. Lewis. The guitaring is  beautifully melodic, but manages still to thrash us senseless (thanks to  three guitarists!). Bruce Dickinson's voice and lyrics have not let us down  yet, either. Some may complain about the length of some songs, but who ever  said that to Beethoven and Mozart? Pick up this album as soon as possible.  It's not quite &quot;Number of the Beast,&quot; but it sure as anything is  up there! This is Iron Maiden for the new millennium!
B000002BQK|1.0|This album is a real stinker, there's not really much singing on it, just her humming a lot of nothing (but then,she's a no-talent anyway)...a waste of money, wish I hadn't bought, will be selling--any takers?
0345357116|5.0|When JRR Tolkien died, he left a massive amount of material that, for various reasons, had not been published. Some of this material was sufficiently comprehensive and consistant with published materials that Tolkien's son, Christopher, was able to compile it into 'The Silmarillion'.<br />But there were also several stories, polished, but not quite complete, which pertained to the events in 'The Lord of the Rings' -- things like the story of how Isildur lost the One Ring; like what, exactly, were the Wizards: who sent them and why? Questions like 'How did Galadriel and Celeborn come to rule Lorien?' and 'Just what happened at the Fords of Isen when Saruman attacked Rohan and Theoden's son, Theodred, was slain?'<br />All these questions and many more are addressed in the many unfinished tales that are to be found in this book: tales from all three of the ages of Middle-earth; from heroes such as Tuor and Turin in the First Age, to Bilbo and Gandalf in the Third. Almost every tale is told in a different style, but each is satisfying, up to the point where it breaks off: then frustration and speculation set in, but also a deep appreciation for the scope and grandeur of Middle-earth and the man who created it.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|this album rocks!  maiden are back and here to save the music world, up the irons!
0440211727|5.0|I thought this book was really amazing.  the plot was captivating and the writing made it enjoyable.  I think what I liked best about this book was the suspense.  This was the second John Grisham book I have read, and I am  really thrilled with his style.  I couldn't put this book down.  I think  everyone should read it.
B000002L99|5.0|A definite must have for any Van Halen fan. The track list is practically a hits collection: Why Can't This Be Love, Summer Nights, Best of Both Worlds, Dreams, the title track, etc. In fact, every song is very good  except for the weak closing statement Inside, which has even cornier lyrics  for a band known for corny lyrics. This is one of the first Van Halen  albums that you should pick up.
B000003NA4|4.0|Diana sound is a perfect complement to my old chair, my puertorrican coffee and a good book of C.S. Lewis.  Great music, excellent composition, good vocalization what else will you want?  Peel Me A Grape is my favorite  track for its sexy feeling.
B00000ICN5|5.0|This is the best blues album I have ever heard. Included are the classics: Pride and Joy, Rude Mood, Lovestruck Baby, Lenny, and a song with one of the greatest guitar solos of all-time, Texas Flood. It's hard to say  anything bad about an album where half the tracklist is classics, but some  of the lyrics (mainly in the Buddy Guy cover Mary Had Little Lamb) are  quite dull, but such is the nature of blues and blues-rock. Despite this  minor gripe, Texas Flood is the definitive album in Vaughan's catalog.
6300183211|2.0|Brian De Palma's Scarface looked like the new Godfather when it came out. It had the guns, gangsters, and underground business themes that The Godfather dealt with. But it really turns out to be an overlong, somewhat  boring, mess. We get to know none of the charachters, they've all split or  gotten killed after just ten minutes of screentime, yet they are a big deal  to the story. We can feel no sympathy whatsoever for Pacino like we are  supposed to, and as for the music? It makes you feel just like you are  watching a dragging episode of Miami Vice, with the theme song playing  throughout the show. It could have been so much more, but it's just an  overlong mess.
B000001ESJ|5.0|This is their best album besides MP, PW, and 2112 (and it's not very far behind those at all).  A good album with several classics. Xanadu and Cygnus X-I are two of Rush's better songs, and of course we can't leave out  the classic Closer To The Heart. The title track and Cinderalla Man are  good songs too, and there is hardly a bad one. If you are not one for  science fiction lyrics, high-pitched vocals, and long songs however you may  want to look at later era Rush albums, but any real Rush fan will get this.
B0000029DD|5.0|It's just eerie how this apple fell so close to the tree trunk.  Frightfully talented with vocals and instrumental abilities like his father, Jeff passed on far, far too young as well.  Thank God he left us  with Grace.  In a world of singers in the 90s that really have no business  being on stage, Jeff was ridiculously overqualified to man a mic.  He's the  sweet-rocking yin to Maynard James' Ferguson's yang in the mid-90s.   Utterly amazing was Jeff's ability to craft a song and play guitar close to  as well as he sang.<br />All you hear is inspired playing, honesty,  close-to-the-vest production, passion, love for music, and the most  emotion-wringing voice you're likely to hear.  Warm chest-voice or  stratospheric contra-tenor, either will melt you away.<br />All that being  said, Grace deserves to be in your CD collection.  The songs alternately  rock by or waft by, collecting you in whatever emotion Jeff felt like  emphasizing at the moment.  And like his father before him, on first listen  you won't often be able to predict what's coming next.  And on the tenth  listen you'll peer deeper in and catch something new; the musical analogue  to a FireSign Theatre album.  <br />Personal faves are Last Goodbye and So  Real.  There is no 'perfect rock' song.  These are close.<br />Usually the  quiet songs on an album are filler or annoying, the three here  (Lilac/Hallelujah/Carol) merely showcase his operatic voice sans  acouterments.  And with a voice like that you end up grateful for  them.<br />Very, very few who listen to this will not mutter &quot;Damned, why  did he have to go?&quot;  My take is from Last Goodbye - &quot;you gave me  more to live for; more than you'll ever know&quot;.
B0000025ZK|4.0|This is a good album, with lots of great guitar playing and surprisingly sharp lyrics. On the whole, it doesn't sound a lot like Pink Floyd, with the exception of the lone instrumental track, Let's Get Metaphysical, which  is (albeit coincidentally) my favorite song on the album. It's no mere  standalone track however, there are lots of other good songs on here too.  Murder, Love On The Air, All Lovers Are Derranged, Cruise, and the solo on  Near The End (I don't like the rest of the song all that much) are good as  well. There isn't a bad song, although some are only about average, such as  Until We Sleep, and the rest of Near The End. Bottomline: If you like Dave  get this album, it's not very PF sounding, but you'll still like it.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is truly an amazing CD,easily their best cd since 7th son and maybe their best ever.
B0000025DD|4.0|A very good first attempt for Dave as a solo artist.  His lyrics are still in the maturing stage, but the guitar is still there.  A lot of the songs are Pink Floyd Sounding, (well post Waters Floyd) as you will see from the  song Raise My Rent which sounds an awful lot like What do you want from me  from the 1994 Division Bell.  Cry from the Streets and Short and Sweet are  good.  There's no Way Out of Here and No way are the best songs on the  album.  There is not a bad song on the album.  The rest of the album not  mentioned is above average. <br />Although the lyrics are not as strong here,  the music is better, and thus this is a better overall album than About  Face.
B000009ED0|5.0|When this CD first came out I wasn't interested in it at all, but when I heard &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; on the radio I got the CD as fast as I could. But those aren't the only great songs. Cowboy is just to hard not to listen  to 50 times in a row. Only god knows why will probably be the slowest but  the greatest song KID ROCK will ever make. And don't forget about I am the  bullgod, that song you can't get enough of. So if your deciding over buying  &quot;Grits Sandwiches for breakfast&quot; and &quot;Devil without a  cause&quot; well, you know what to buy.
B000002IOW|4.0|This is not Rush's best album by any means but not bad. It's different from nearly any other Rush album because it's sort of between the \\"synthesizer era\\" and the \\"return to hard rock era.\\" Of course, if you like Rush, you'll like this. The best song by far is the opening number \\"Show Don't Tell,\\" one of the best post-Signals  Rush songs. The closer \\"Available Light\\" is  another good track, featuring a lot of keyboard playing by Geddy Lee (not  synths), and there are some other good songs as well. \\"Anagram (For Mongo)\\" has some of Neil Peart's best lyrics; he's playing with the words while still giving a message.     The only complaint I have is the same as on Hold Your Fire -- the words sometimes repeat too much. You should get a boatload of Rush before you get this, but you should get in the end.
B000003KMM|1.0|How can any self-respecting baseball fan say they actually LIKE this movie? It doesn't respect the game. It's an insult to the intelligence of anyone who watches it, and downright scandalous in light of 2 terrifically  realistic movies (&quot;Bull Durham&quot; and &quot;Field of Dreams&quot;)  from about the same time. If you want slapstick pratfalls and sophomoric  humor, there are lots of better places to go. If you want baseball, stay  away from this one.
B000002J20|4.0|The ultimate love it or hate it album, with absolutely no middle ground. It's either considered the pinnacle of progressive rock experimentation, and one of it's landmark albums, or the it's most overblown, and thus  worst. Your view on song lengths is obviously the deciding factor, some  people would faint, shake their heads in either disbelief or disgust, or  all three, when seeing them. Even I, a longtime prog fan seasoned on the  likes of Rush and Pink Floyd, was more than slightly surprised at these  songs. But now, on to the music... The first two songs are typical of the  kind of prog that I don't&lt;/i&gt; like. The Revealing Science of God  (despite having one of the best titles in the history of music), along with  it's disc one counterpart The Remembring pile and pile the lyrics on top of  you, with very little instrumentation. I prefer my prog with a big overture  at the first and with musical interludes in between. But Revealing Science  starts out and ends with lyrics. But now on to the second disc... it is the  complete opposite of disc one, and is very typical of the kind of prog that  I love. Lyrics included, but not a lot of them, with a nice overture style  intro to each song, and with musical solos in between verses. Particularly  the last song, The Ritual, is very good, with some great band interplay,  and The Ancient features some of Howe's best ever guitar work. So, do I  love it or hate it? Actually, I'm a little bit in between :)
B00004T9UF|3.0|I dont usually listen to rap. Ive tried. Ive listened to DMX, Cypress hill and many many others. Just doesnt do anything for me. Im more into punk grunge and rock. When I first heard of Eminem I thought &quot;oh gee  another Vanilla Ice.&quot; I was wrong. His first cd was full of dark  humor, But it commits the ultimate sin by making fun of Kurt Cobains death.  This cd is darker than ever, but keeps its special brand of humor  throughout. Be warned &quot;The real Slim Shady&quot; doesnt really fit  into the rest of the album.  The best song is the dark, poignant  &quot;Stan&quot;  in which we see the mental breakdown of an overly  obsessed fan through increasingly disturbing letters. If you like rap, or  even if you dont, and arent easily offended give it a try. It might do more  for you than me.
B000002KL3|4.0|This is a good, but somewhat uneven album. \\"...And The Cradle Will Rock\\" and \\"Everybody Wants Some!\\" are very good, but the album goes continually downhill from there. That's not to say all the rest is bad, but it is only average or slightly above average. Most songs repeat  endlessly and are quite short in length, though both of those qualities  aren't necessarily rare for early Van Halen. This isn't an album to  avoid but is one to wait on.
0783231032|2.0|I began collecting DVDs recently and the only disc I regret buying thus far is 1941.  You see, I was tempted by the exhaustive extras and the chance to see Spielberg's director's cut.  Don't fall into the same trap,  dear readers.  This film is bad.  I got as far as 25 minutes in and decided  I couldn't take anymore.  It's a film which believes that there is a  goldmine of comedy to found in shouting, falling over, and then shouting  again.  Not funny.  If sitting in front of an animated corpse was bad  enough, it turns out the extras are a chore, too - the dullest being a very  long, very boring documentary about the making of the film in which all  involved (who should have known better) recount in nauseating detail how  the film came to be.  A waste of time and money - theirs and yours
B000002JEV|5.0|I love live albums, and this is one of my favorites. Even those who don't like live sets will like it because there's basically no crowd. Nearly every Led Zeppelin song that matters is here (some multiple times) with the exception of a few later tunes. Most tracks are as good or better than studio versions, extended to include a long jam section, including an eighteen+ minute \\"Dazed and Confused.\\" This is a must-have whether or not you like live albums.
6303824382|5.0|OK...I like Bruce Willis, but am not a big fan of his Die Hard films,guess they are geared toward men.  I did find myself really loving this one, however, and I finally broke down and added it to my collection...guess I'm  a Die Hard fan now.  Not only were the actors perfect for their roles, but  the thinking behind the &quot;clues&quot; was ingenius.  How many action  films of this caliber actually make you think for the suspense?   OK...can  you remember how lomg it took you to figure out the first time which  president they were looking for?   By the time I got it, they were already  saving children....guess I would have failed the test!   Jeremy Irons was  great, you really wanted to hate him, and if it's possible to feel MORE  sorry for John McClane, I think this film did it.  Still a high action,  shoot  em up film ,but the story and actors made it,if you can imagine,  more beleivable.  I highly recommend it to anyone who wasn't thrilled with  the first two in the trilogy but still want a good Bruce Willis action  movie.
B000002IWQ|5.0|Without a doubt, this is the best latter day Rush album and their best release since Power Windows at that point. The album is simply solid; there are few weak songs and many great ones. The opening pair of \\"Animate\\" and \\"Stick It Out\\" is killer, the latter being one of my favorite post-Signals tracks. Other good songs include the touching \\"Nobody's Hero,\\" one of Neil Peart's best lyrics, and the instrumental \\"Leave That Thing Alone.\\" Counterparts also marks Alex Lifeson's best performance since Signals. Obviously, you'd want to get some of the older albums first, but Counterparts should be just a notch below them.
B00004SCX6|1.0|If you're looking for a CD with musical value, look elsewhere. If you're looking for a glittered up, famous-because-of-her-stomach teen queen, stop right here. In fact, never mind--don't, because there are other doll-faced  singers that in fact can sing, such as Christina Aguilera. Britney's songs  are simple and sickeningly catchy providing the listener with an unsure and  unfulfilled feeling. Her voice is undeveloped and whiny leaving the  toleration level at about three songs or less. It's sad that a  multi-platinum career can be made from looks and promotion.
B000002J1Y|5.0|Although the sound quality could've been better, this is one of the best set of live performances ever recorded. This is the album that converted me to Yes. I had even heard the Close To The Edge album, and still was not  hooked on the band, that all changed when I heard this masterpiece. All the  songs from that album are here (and one of them, Siberian Khatru is much  improved), plus an incredible version of Perpetual Change (with a Bill  Bruford drum solo included). Other great tracks include Rick Wakeman's  jaw-dropping solo &quot;Excerpt From The Six...&quot;, I've Seen All Good  People, Long Distance Runaround, and Yours Is No Disgrace. All the elements  that make up Yes are here: Wakeman's ethereal keyboards, Bruford (and  mostly, Allan White's) virtouso drumming, Chris Squire's bass (viratually a  rhythm guitar), Jon Anderson's non-sensical lyrics, and, of course, Steve  Howe's guitar. Although a great prog band, Yes does not always come off as  immediately great, and you cannot judge anything of theirs on first listen.  Give this one a listen though, and like me, you'll be hooked on Yes.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Oops! he did it again. Once again Mr. Slim was able to crack another joke about his momma, and other family members, For a great laugh buy this CD, it also features great beats, cool treats! For anyone intrested that has  HUMOR, and a funny bone, if not you might not like this.
B00004T9UF|5.0|When I buyed this album I wasn't expecting a lot, since the 1 album only had some 6 or 7 songs that I liked, but since the first track I was  impressed, songs like Stan really show everybody that Eminem really knows  how to do music, and the song The real slim shady makes you want to play it  over and over, the song Kim is really dark and Eminem sounds really  maniatical, his multiple personalities (Ken Kaniff, Slim Shady, EMINEM, and  his real name Marshall Mathers) appear like on the other cd but this time  is 10 times better, on the song Marshall Mathers he sees the reality of his  life and everybody's life's, on this days where rap albums really suck,  this is a masterpiece, I even like this better than the Dr. Dre 2001 cd, he  didn't disappoint at all
B00004T9UF|5.0|Oops! he did it again. Once again Mr. Slim was able to crack another joke about his momma, and other family members, For a great laugh buy this CD,  it also features great beats, cool treats! For anyone intrested that has  HUMOR, and a funny bone, if not you might not like this.
B00003CX59|5.0|whoa, I thought this movie was going to be an average film. I was wrong this movie is an excellent film, it has very good acting by both Johnny Depp and Christina Riccha. A cool plot from an old story, but really weird  twists are added to it to make the movie better. Oh yeah there is a lot of  blood in this movie.
052594527X|5.0|Tracy Chevalier reminds me of Pearl Buck, an author I grew up reading and cherishing. Chevalier's book is so beautiful; I treasure it! I sent a copy to my mom, who also loved it. What's beautiful about it? Her characters-  with wonderful names, especially Griet. The setting, both physical and  historical. The story, too- understated and poignant. Like other readers, I  bought a book about Vermeer and looked at it while reading this. Get a nice  cup of tea or whatever you enjoy drinking, and immerse yourself in this  fabulous book that may become a classic.
0790729970|5.0|I have seen this movie many times.  Jim Carrey is at his best playing two  different characters.    The dancing sequences are very well done.  The  animation is so well done that you sometimes take it for granted.  The DVD  exhibits awesome sound just from the TV speakers alone.  The images are  crystal clear and show brilliant colors.  You have the option of listening  to the director's commentary throughout the entire movie.  He gives a  wonderful personal perspective of how he shot the film.  There is never a  boring moment in this movie.
B00000K19E|4.0|I fought seeing this movie when it came out(even though everyone I knew said it was great)because I thought that Reeves could not act well enough to hold the lead in a movie. Well, I was wrong. <br />Keanu finally tries a  little acting, and although not oscar caliber,he's still good. Aside from  Keanu not destroying the film, come the obvious praise. The special effects  are spectacular. They could make this movie worth seeing just for them.   The action scenes that house these special effects are fantastic as well.  The supporting cast of L.Fishburne(who is always great!)and the rest of the  crew adds another jewel to this crown. <br />It is, however, the story that  really draws you in and makes you wonder. It is well thought out and  developed, which is rare for an action movie, and it is that story which  makes The Matrix a highly recommended film.
B000002H48|5.0|Nearly 21 years ago when this first came out on vinyl, it rarely left my turntable.  What a great variety of songs/artists on this 2 cd set!  Except for a couple of clunkers, the majority of these tunes are great, I have 2  that are tied for my faves-a toss-up between Lotta Love(the late, great  Nicolette Larson backed by the Doobies)and the Devil With The Blue Dress  Medley by Springsteen &amp; his E Street Band-absolutely electrifying even  to this day.  All in all, a great collection &amp; you can't go wrong with  Jackson Browne, Bonnie Raitt, Crosby Stills &amp; Nash,etc.  This was a  major cause back then(and still ought to be right now)and tickets to this  show were very hard to come by. Now if only they'd re-release the video  version.  This set is highly recommended.
0684872153|5.0|I really enjoyed the reading of the harrowing life of McCourt. A must!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Back in 1990, when the album No Prayer For The Dying was released, the result was so disappointing, so disheartening for myself, that it became clear to me that Iron Maiden's true swan song was the Seventh Son album.  The music world was passing Maiden by, as terrific new talent dominated the  music scene. Just as damaging was the fact that Maiden fans like myself,  who had spent their teens in awe of the classic  Dickenson-Harris-Murray-Smith-McBrain lineup, simply grew up. My musical  interests were broadening greatly, and as I spent the better part of the  next decade listening to a wide variety of artists, Iron Maiden simply took  a back seat, the old tapes of theirs packed away in a box, seemingly for  good. However, in late 1998, something happened that reawoke the metalhead  inside me who had been dormant for years: the entire Maiden catalog was  rereleased, with every album remastered and featuring original artwork,  tons of photos, and an astounding cd-rom feature. I consider the reissues  to be the best, and most comprehensive, cd rereleases in rock  history.<br />So, coincidentally, it was during this period of my renewed  interest that Iron Maiden decided to reunite the great mid-80's lineup and  Janick Gers aboard as well, marking the return of Bruce Dickinson after  7-odd years, as well as the first time that the band would sport a six-man  lineup. I was definitely interested, but had no idea how great the new  album would be.<br />Brave New World is outstanding, and compared to Maiden's  lacklustre output in the 90's, the improvement is all the more staggering.  The band is playing with renewed life, and Dickinson has never sounded  better.<br />There are no throwaway tracks whatsoever, with every song being a  highlight: 'The Wicker Man' will remain a classic album-opener, their best  single since 'The Clairvoyant'; 'Ghost of the Navigator' and 'Brave New  World' are classic old-school Maiden songs destined to be live favourites;  'The Mercenary' evokes previous classics like 'Prowler' and 'Killers',  while 'Dream of Mirrors' and 'The Fallen Angel' would fit alongside the  songs on Seventh Son.<br />On this new album Iron Maiden continue to stretch  their classic sound on four songs: 'Blood Brothers' is the closest they  come to stumbling, but the song is saved by an outstanding orchestral score  in the last half of the song; 'The Nomad' revisits the themes heard on  Powerslave, but this time incorporates Middle Eastern-sounding guitars and  a strong syncopated rhythm delivered by Nicko McBrain; 'Out of the Silent  Planet' continues where the progressive rock of Somewhere In Time left off,  delivering an instantly memorable melody and chugging tempo. The true  highlight of Brave New World is 'The Thin Line Between Love and Hate',  sounding nothing like anything the group has done before. The song begins  with a dark riff before picking up in tempo, featuring some of the most  introspective lyrics Steve Harris has ever written, building up to an  amazing chorus, with Dickinson's soaring voice singing &quot;I will hope/My  soul will fly/So I will live forever.&quot; By the end of the song the  melody wins out over the churning guitar riffs, giving the album a  fittingly optimistic conclusion.<br />The only mild complaint I have with the  album is that it didn't have the alternate version of 'The Wicker Man',  which is featured on the radio promo single. The song is remixed with more  backing vocals and harmonies in the style of 'Flight of Icarus', making the  great song sound even better than the version heard on the  album.<br />Longtime fans of Iron Maiden will not be disappointed with Brave  New World...it's a return to form no one in their right mind could have  anticipated, deserving to be placed in the hallowed company of the band's  80's classics. Believe me, it's that good...without a doubt the best Iron  Maiden album in twelve years.<br />Up The Irons!
0064440346|5.0|What a joy this book has been in my life! I listened to my &quot;read-along&quot; record (yes, record) so many times that it was covered with scratches. I remember these little stories as the spark that began my interest in reading. Today I read them to God-daughter, and her  laughter is matched only by my own.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Yes people, Britney Spears did it again, and even better than the first one. More bit, more fun, more Britney with her best. If you loved the first one, you have to get the second!
B000021XR5|5.0|An excellent CD!  Give it a listen, then give it another listen.  Soon it will dominate your CD player. A fairly ordinary band following the grunge scene in the early/mid 90's that has matured into possibly the most  talented and now ground-breaking bands of the new millinium.  If the  rap/metal bands that are now suddenly so popular could just do the same.   This is real music!
B00004SCX6|1.0|I knew that this was going to be a very very bad album from the first moment i heard OOps i did it ageain.  The first album was way better but what can i say she is going in the wrong direction.
6305903182|4.0|I had my doubts about seeing Scream 3.  To my surprise it was very entertaining.  The reason I like this sequel more than the second, was Scream 3 had more of the tone the first did.  Scream 2 was to dark and  there was no satire in number 2.  Scream 3 is funny,scary,and will leave  you wanting more.  Their is one catch, make sure you see number 1 to  understand the back story of Scream 3.
B00000IQV6|3.0|The movie - amusing at times, syrupy. It's hard to think of anyone but  Robin Williams playing this part. The emotional parts are usually overdone  with plinky piano music but I have to admit that the sad bit (won't give  anything away) moved me a lot.<br />The DVD - extremely disappointed with  this. I assumed this would be widescreen but it isn't - it seems you have  to pay an extra four dollars for this disc just to get widescreen as a  special feature!
B000002U9L|5.0|Fantastic CD. Favourite title is no. 7 but all other tracks are well worth listening to. <br />Five stars for an excellant film and inspired soundtrack
6305807086|5.0|On the weirdness scale, this film comes somewhere between Pi and Eraserhead. It's success is that it's enjoyable - not like some European art-house navel-gazing rubbish - and that although the whole premise of the  film is complete nonsense, you don't stop and question that.
0380730367|4.0|Make no mistake, I LOVE Lehane's books (A Drink Before the War is stunning). He writes great detective fiction.    However, as a reader wouldn't you be jarred out of your willing suspension of disbelief if an  author describes his protagonist driving a car east from Baltimore to  Washington, D.C. in ten minutes? (D.C. is southwest of Baltimore, and you'd  never make it in ten minutes.)   My point: Very basic technical issues are  slipping past the editors! Bubba uses a silencer on a .22 caliber revolver  - huh? Gas escapes from the gap between the chamber and the barrel,  nullifying the silencer's effect. But with a .22 why bother anyway?  Another: Patrick using a lead-weighted sap to try to knock someone out?  That went out with running boards on autos. Would Patrick really run the  high risk of killing someone by choosing such an inappropriate tool?  (Dennis - Maybe a pocket stun-gun instead? $40 on eBay!)   These kinds of  errors detract from this otherwise fine novel.
0452273331|5.0|The Fountainhead was very well-written and easy to read.  Surprisingly well-written, given the enormity of her idea(l)s.  The sentences just flowed.  If she had to stretch the believability of certain characters to  get her point across, then so be it.  I don't see anyone knocking  'selfless' Indiana Jones or other fantasy icons.  TF was entertaining and I  cared about the characters.  (Had Rand been a romance novelist she would  have been a billionaire.) As for you (few) detractors of this book, I think  Rand succeeded beautifully in clearly getting her message across; that's  why people who love the book do so individually, while its second-hander  socialist detractors all sound the same.
0380730367|4.0|Make no mistake, I LOVE Lehane's books (A Drink Before the War is stunning). He writes great detective fiction.    However, as a reader wouldn't you be jarred out of your willing suspension of disbelief if an author describes his protagonist driving a car east from Baltimore to  Washington, D.C. in ten minutes? (D.C. is southwest of Baltimore, and you'd  never make it in ten minutes.)   My point: Very basic technical issues are  slipping past the editors! Bubba uses a silencer on a .22 caliber revolver  - huh? Gas escapes from the gap between the chamber and the barrel,  nullifying the silencer's effect. But with a .22 why bother anyway?  Another: Patrick using a lead-weighted sap to try to knock someone out?  That went out with running boards on autos. Would Patrick really run the  high risk of killing someone by choosing such an inappropriate tool?  (Dennis - Maybe a pocket stun-gun instead?)   These kinds of  errors detract from this otherwise fine novel.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I dont know how anyone can not like this album.  Most of the songs on it are great and certainly prove that Britney has grown as an artist.  My favorite track is &quot;Where Are You Now&quot; and &quot;Don't Let Me Be  The Last to know&quot; is my second favorite.  Britney has a beautiful  unique sound that can make me crazy, and I love to hear her sing a ballad,  so I'm glad that this album has a few of them.   Then of course there are  the songs such as &quot;Stronger&quot;, &quot;Oops! I did It again&quot;  and &quot;What U See is What U Get&quot; which can make any person just get  up and groove, and believe me, I have two left feet.  But I try!   Hehe!   Plus finally on this album we get to hear Britney's first effort as a  songwriter in &quot;Dear Diary&quot;.  This is a nice song and it carries a  great deal of emotion, which is the whole point isn't it?  It expresses her  feelings, isn't that what music is supposed to do for an artist?   I hate  it when people dismiss it as just another sappy song about boys.  The only  complaint I have is that it's a bit short.  And her remake of &quot;I can't  get no satisfaction&quot;?   Can anyone else hear the way this girl grunts  and moans in this song?   Come on people, we didnt hear any of that on  &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot;.  I think she did a great job with this  washed up has been song.  How much more can anyone do with that?   There  are only so many times you can say, I can't get no satisfaction before you  bore people into oblivion unless you add a little spice to it.  I think  Brit adds more than a little, this song is hotter than the &quot;cajun  crawfish&quot; she probably used to eat for dinner.  HEHEHE!  It's a great  CD, Britney has the best combination of sweet innocence and just the right  amount of &quot;badness&quot; mixed in with it.   Definitely worth buying,  if you loved &quot;Baby&quot; you will cherish this one.  Thanks, Britney!   Keep up the good work!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is definetly the best maiden album that there has ever been, it is consitently brilliant from start to finish.  For me the stand out tracks are &quot;blood brothers&quot; &quot;dream of mirrors&quot; and &quot;the  nomad&quot;
B00004T9UF|5.0|This has to be the defining point of Eminem's short but meterotic rise to hip-hop fame.  He is able to use the production talent known as Dre as well as his own great artistic talent to create a work that shows his disgust  with fame and music. He takes shots at everyone from his mother ... to the boy bands and blonde teenage girl  singers, especially Christina Aguilera because of some comments she made in  her &quot;What a Girl Wants Special&quot;.  He does not take a flattering  look at homosexuality with songs like &quot;Criminal&quot;.  He also gives  us a look at how it is to be an influence to people all over the world in  tracks such as &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;kills&quot; his producer at  numerous times in the album, and gives the corporate estabolishment the  collective finger throughout the album.  There is the anger of the track  &quot;Kim&quot;, where he vents about certain events that have happened  between them in the past.  What rises above all of this is his heart and  tracks like &quot;Stan&quot; where he sheds his &quot;Slim Shady&quot;  persona to reveal a heart of gold.  His talent for rhyming and making words  flow to create a clear message for each song is great; he probably could be  a poet if he were not a world-famous rapper.  This album is proof positive  that Em will be around for a very long time.
B00003CWN3|4.0|Boys Don't Cry seems like a hundred other exploitive teen films as the film credits roll over scenes from Nebraska small town nightlife. Its a world of young working people, not long out of high school. Thrilled with  being freed from parental constraints they seek thrills at  after-bar-parties. There is drinking, hanging out in taverns, the  occasional beef leading to a fight, karaoke singing, dangerous jousts and  high speed chases in cars.<br />The familiar scenario becomes less so with the  appearance of a boyish-looking girl- Teena Brandon- who looks like an  extremely un-macho high school male.<br />Hilary Swank, the actress who  portrays Teena, is in almost every scene of this perfectly plotted if  suspiciously predictable story.<br />Brandon lives in Lincoln, Nebraska, but  she is having a lot of difficulty there. Her attempts at bedding a member  of her same sex are getting her into serious trouble. A male friend who  lives in a trailer warns that her behavior will lead to violence against  her after Teena is chased to his place by gay-bashers.<br />Teena hits on a  solution. She decides to try her luck with other girls in another city:  Falls City, Nebraska. Right away, the young set she encounters there take a  shine to her. Teena fools this new crowd into believing she is a guy. At  least she fools them for awhile. Our 21 year old leading character has  reversed her name to become Brandon Teena.<br />She takes up with a group of  twenty somethings and two older males who gather around the broken  household of a divorced woman and her daughter Lana. Teena is smitten with  Lana. And gradually, Lana gets interested in Teena.<br />This is a love story,  a long love story. The gender &quot;problem&quot; is childs play for Teena  to handle at first. But gradually, the &quot;family&quot; begins to have  doubts about Brandon Teena. The story is delicately told. It is a surprise  to see the storys sexual details revealed so explicitly. Though the  explicitness lengthens the movie, I think director Kimberley Peirce and her  co-screenwriter Andy Bienen were right to risk it.<br />The third act is  extremely long. The nature of Teena's romance with Lana is dawning. There  will be consequences. The mostly true story has a powerful ending. The  scenario is a little too perfect, however. It is obvious the real story has  been &quot;cooked&quot; slightly to strike the right moral: Homophobes are  bad. I suspect Brandon's real experience in 1993 Falls City was quite a bit  more complex and less likely to lead the audience to these  &quot;right&quot; conclusions.<br />The central characters are extremely well  rendered. The story is superb even if it is a touch too long. Hilary  Swank's young man trapped in a girl's body is extraordinary. Her  performance reminds me very much of the young and innocent Judy Garland of  the late 30s and early 40s. The actress doesn't look that male. Her  innocence is thus key to putting over this extremely complex character.  Miss Swank does it smashingly. I will be very disappointed if she does not  become as big a star as Garland became.ngthens the movie, I think director Kimberley Peirce and her  co-screenwriter Andy Bienen were right to risk it.<br />The third act is  extremely long. The nature of Teena's romance with Lana is dawning. There  will be consequences. The mostly true story has a powerful ending. The  scenario is a little too perfect, however. It is obvious the real story has  been &quot;cooked&quot; slightly to strike the right moral: Homophobes are  bad. I suspect Brandon's real experience in 1993 Falls City was quite a bit  more complex and less likely to lead the audience to these  &quot;right&quot; conclusions.<br />The central characters are extremely well  rendered. The story is superb even if it is a touch too long. Hilary  Swank's young man trapped in a girl's body is extraordinary. Her  performance reminds me very much of the young and innocent Judy Garland of  the late 30s and early 40s. The actress doesn't look that male. Her  innocence is thus key to putting over this extremely complex character.  Miss Swank does it smashingly. I will be very disappointed if she does not  become as big a star as Garland became.
6305810109|4.0|If you didn't know from the opening credits, you might very well have been hard-pressed to guess that David Lynch directed this movie.  Yes, &quot;Big Ed&quot; from Twin Peaks does turn up in one scene, as does Harry Dean  Stanton, who was also in Wild at Heart. But there aren't too many familiar  Lynchian faces, and there is none of the surrealistic, kinky imagery and  over-the-top outrageousness he has become known for.  The movie's extremely  leisurely pace is a bit frustrating for a while, but eventually you kind of  settle down and go along for the one-of-a-kind ride with Alvin Straight.  Richard Farnsworth's honest, direct, performance draws you in, and he  refrains from either going over the top or being expressionlessly wooden,  traps Lynch actors often fall into. He and Sissy Spacek fully and  unsentimentally realize their flawed, limited, but human characters, and  provide the main reasons for watching the film. The lovely cinematography  and fine score also deserve praise--Lynch films are always fine in those  categories, whatever else their flaws, due to the exceptional skills of  Freddie Francis and Angelo Badamente. The ending is a guaranteed  tearjerker, but not in a cheap, hokey, manipulative way--you feel you know  the Farnsworth character, and you're moved when you see his deep emotion.  Let's hope Lynch makes more movies like this in the future--sincere,  unsentimental looks at how life is really lived in America, and how  beautiful and sad it can be.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Well, the other reviewers have covered the film quite well, but I want to discuss the DVD's features, and how they add to the film.<br />First of all, let me tell you about where I come from when I give this movie/DVD 5 stars.  I have a strong bias for this film ... it *is* my favorite .. and it is  because its my favorite that I think I would be the toughest critic of the  DVD. <br />The video transfer is superb...the audio is superb (THX)...the  presentation is superb. The standout feature of the DVD is....the features!  TV spots, deleted scenes, storyboards, bios, animated menus, alternate  angles for some vignettes...its all here. My highlight is choosing the  audio and font (yes...font) for alternate versions of the intro  sequence.<br />The presentation material (booklet) has positive and negative  reviews, in keeping with the attitude of the film...and looks  amazing.<br />This is the DVD release for 2000 so far. It eats the Matrix for  breakfast. If you like the movie even a little bit, then you must  experience this - a true collector's edition.<br />Perhaps the one thing I  would have liked would be the script included on the DVD...but, hey...I  have that already.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I'm not going to summarize the film.  I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.  I'm  going to say that every one of these things made me the movie more amazing  for me.<br />I went to go see this on a date.  There was my first mistake.   All through the movie I was either smiling hopefully, holding back tears,  or staring stonefaced at something that hit me in the core.  Afterwards, I  couldn't manage to talk, make jokes, comment on the cinematography...<br />The  whole movie just bunched together at the end, and hit me like an atomic  thrust to the heart, made me think about myself and others in a whole new  light.  It was enlightening and depressing all at the same time, and I'd  see it a hundred more times if I had the money to buy that many  tickets.<br />I recommend this movie to anyone preoccupied with living,  breathing, &quot;sucking the marrow out of life.&quot;  Although the film  concentrates on the lonely, destitute, confused people, it really hits the  ones that take love and affection for granted.  It really touches those of  us who never thought that all we have can be taken away at any  second....<br />With the line of a song, the drop of a frog from the sky...
0790732254|5.0|While watching Mike Nichols' film, based on Edward Elby's play, one is overwhelmed by the talent of its stars, Richard Burton and his wife and lover at the time, Elizabeth Taylor. The film portrays the hatred between  an aging couple, that has grown tired of each other over the long years  they were together and amuse themselves by humiliating and torturing each  other. How far from the truth! In the 60s they were the hottest couple in  Hollywood! This indicates a remarkable talent! Great!
B00003W8NM|3.0|This film is beautifully shot, beautifully edited, beautifully produced, and very well acted.  Even Brad Pitt rises to the occasion.  <br />Unfortunately, all the gorgeous cinematography, brilliant editing,  fabulous production, and splendid acting cannot disguise the essential  emptiness and dreariness of a movie that has absolutely nothing to  say.<br />What I found most disturbing about the film, ultimately, was the  fact that it seemed so completely certain that it had some kind of serious  message to impart, something about masculinity and power and fascism.  The  fact that the film fails so spectacularly to add up to anything other than  a well-brought-off music video is the most telling thing about it.
B000005J56|4.0|As there have been many reviews extolling these songs, I shall not add to that. What prompts me to write are some views expressed by some people who castigate Ry Cooder in trying to play the slide in Son music, and bemoan  his association with the Social Club musicians. Well, music appreciation is  subjective. From whatever I have heard, Ry Cooder's slide guitar goes very  well with many songs, while in some others it kind of does not fit in,  especially in the song Silencio ( where it almost jars ). In other albums  he has performed in, ranging from north indian classical to music of mali,  he fits in very well with the overall mood of the music, although sometimes  some pentatonic blueslike notes creep in, that may make the listener perk  up and think 'thats kinda not quite fitting in'.<br />He has however brought  some music styles from farflung cultures to the western ( and global urban  )people. Today lot of 'culturally hip' folks in Chicago are buzzing with  the names and concerts of various members of the Buena Vista Social Club.  Two years ago, most of these folks had not even heard of these musicians,  and quite possibly cuban son music. Whereas such music has been well known  in latin america for decades. It is primarily the arrival of the powerful  and enchanting movie that has popularized this form of music here in los  estados unidos. And i think a lot of that credit goes to Ry Cooder.
B00004SC3M|5.0|I saw this movie about 2 weeks ago and I was amazed.  Catherine Zeta Jones  and Sean Connery are amazing together.  The plot is about a thief Sean  Connery and Catherine Zeta Jones who together try to steal billions of  dollars from a bank in a foreign bank for there own benefit.  What happens  at the end?  You'll have to watch it first.  This movie will keep you at  the edge of the seat! Guaranteed!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|What a great comeback. I love Iron Maiden, but as most fans agree, their prime time were during the 80's. With the No prayer for the dying album Bruce seemed to have lost his voice, and when Blaze joined the band it was  a complete disaster. Now Bruce is back and he is singing like it was 1985,  his voice is back like all who saw the Ed Hunter tour can witness. And  Adrian Smith is also back, and an instant improvement on the guitar solos  is evident. In my opinion this album should have been released after  Seventh Son, because it really is their best album in over ten years. Like  Somewhere in time and Seventh Son there are quite a lot of keyboards on  some songs, and the overall feeling of the album reminds me of those two  albums. Most song are over six minutes and there is an almost progressive  feel to the songs. There is no Run to the Hills on this CD, but there is no  filler songs either. No Maiden fan   will be dissapointed with this album,  cause after a few spins it really grows on you, just like a great album  should. My favourite songs are Ghost of the Navigator and Dream of Mirrors,  but every song is a killer and it's almost five stars for this album, but  it's not easy to give five stars when in the back of your mind you are  comparing it to albums like Piece of Mind and Powerslave.
B00004T9UF|5.0|After hearing &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot; and &quot;GuiltyConscience&quot; I was intrigued about Eminem.  I could only affordone CD and I debated between &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; and &quot;Dr. Dre 2001.&quot; Why couldn't the two tracks be included on ONE CD instead of two?  It was so frustrating that I ended up at a stalemate.  I didn't get either.  Then the song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; came out.  I counted the days until the release of &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP.&quot; &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is undoubtedly the best track, but most of the others are good and the &quot;Public Service Announcement 2000&quot; is hilarious.  I love Eminem's honesty.  He raps about what he believes in.  The second track, I forgot its name, really shows feeling although it's &quot;masked&quot; by profanity.  His duets with other hiphop/rappers are also a success.  &quot;Stan&quot; and &quot;Remember Me&quot; were both good.  His little skits are fun breaks from the constant profanity and sexual references.  I suppose one could buy the edited version but it wouldn't portray HIM.  HE is in his original version . . .
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron is a great writer and director, and The Abyss is one of his  best works.   I could tell you all about the story, the cast, the  performances, the special effects but there plenty of reviews here that  cover that stuff and I am in agreement with the majority.  The reason I am  adding my opinion to this is that I want to point out why this DVD edition  is superior to all others.  The 1st disk offers you a viewing choice of  either theatrical release or special addition (go with the latter).  While  this is standard fare, the menu is exquisite!  Before watching the movie I  went straight to the extra materials and I was amazed.  In exploring the  2nd disk of extra material I found more information than I could have  imagined.  Behind the scenes footage, documentaries, stills and storyboards  are just the tip of the iceberg!  I really enjoyed the 7 minute time-lapse  construction of the underwater set (uniuon work never went so fast  before...  lol).  There are hidden movie trailers for other Cameron works  (True Lies, Aliens and Strange Days) and it can become a fun obsession  trying to find them all.  The DVD has an amazing interactive menu that begs  to be explored, and the additional content goes beyond any other DVD I have  seen or purchased!  In my opinion, this is why the format is superior to  all others and The Abyss has finally received the treatment it deserves.   This one is a keeper!
1878424319|5.0|This book was absolutely amazing.  A lot of what he has to say is common sense, but the way in which he communicates it really hit home.  I found myself crying at times thinking of the people I have gossiped about, made  assumptions, created unnecessary drama, etc. and realized the only person I  need to focus on and take care of is myself.<br />I would recommend this book  to everyone.  It's an easy read and one worth reading time and time again.
630264366X|5.0|This movie is based on the truth.  It is about what really happened during World War II when the Catholic Church really did do much to help Jews and political prisoners in Italy.  It refutes false claims that the Catholic  Church, especially the Pope, did nothing to help the Jews or that the Pope  even helped Hitler.  This movie is suspenseful and very moving.
B00000BKDV|5.0|I don't usually review albums that are considered &quot;classics&quot; (no need to), but PIECE OF MIND is so good that I just had to comment...  1983 saw the release of two landmark albums, DIO's HOLY DIVER, and IRON MAIDEN's  PIECE OF MIND.  Heavy Metal was changed forever.  P.O.M. opens up with the  thunderous &quot;Where Eagles Dare,&quot; which gives the listener a hint  of what is to come.  &quot;Revelations&quot; follows up with some  Progressive Rock overtones, and shows some great dynamics and tempo  changes.  The album also features their first (semi) radio-friendly song in  &quot;Flight Of Icarus,&quot; which shows that you can have a  &quot;catchy&quot; song that is still heavy.  &quot;Die With Your Boots  On,&quot; and &quot;Still Life&quot; are two of the best straight-ahead  Metal songs of all time, and &quot;The Trooper&quot; is one of their  signature songs with it's frenzied energy.  &quot;Sun And Steel&quot; is a  solid song with a great chorus hook, while &quot;Quest For Fire&quot; is a  decent album track.  The album closes with its weakest track in &quot;To  Tame A Land,&quot; which is based on the classic science ficiton novel  DUNE.  TTAL is one of (Bass player) Steve Harris' earliest Progressive Rock  songs (which became his obsession on THE X FACTOR).  Like the songs on X  FACTOR, it is not instantly accessible, but does have a tendency to grow on  some listeners.  As a whole, P.O.M. is arguably MAIDEN's best album, and  easily one of the ten best Metal albums ever!  -(I would also highly  recommend DIO's HOLY DIVER and LAST IN LINE, MAIDEN'S POWERSLAVE, and Bruce  Dickinson's ACCIDENT OF BIRTH)
6303921248|5.0|This adaptation of of Jane Austen's spectacular novel is absolutely brilliant! The direction (Simon Langton) is superb, Carl Davis's score is fabulous (I have the soundtrack), and Andrew Davies's screenplay, in  keeping with the spirit of the literary text, sparkles with wit and  eloquence. The acting is simply mahvelous! As Elizabeth Bennet, the lovely  Jennifer Ehle is charming, witty, and perceptive -- everything she should  be. Colin Firth's characterization of Mr. Darcy is appropriately brooding,  subtle, and intelligent (and he's handsome, too). Though the entire cast is  solid and talented, I would especially like to mention the wonderful work  of Benjamin Whitrow as Mr. Bennett, Alison Steadman as Mrs. Bennett, Julia  Sawalha (Lydia), David Bamber (Mr. Collins), Barbara Leigh-Hunt (Lady  Catherine de Bourgh), and the adorable Anthony Calf as the pleasant and  gentlemanly Colonel Fitzwilliam. In addition, Anna Chancellor and Lucy  Robinson throw a delicious touch of upper-crust snobbery into the mix, and  Adrian Lukis skillfully portrays the villainous Mr. Wickham. This is a rare  production which has been so beautifully crafted that it is possible for  one to watch it over and over and delight in it with each repeated viewing.  Consequently, &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; is one of my favorite movies!
078062565X|5.0|THE LOST SPIDER SCENE IN  THE BOTTOM OF THE PIT HIS RECENTLY BEEN FOUND AND IS SOON TO BE PUT BACK IN IN THIS FILM<br /> BUT IT MAYBE PLAYED IN THE MOVIES INSTEAD OF RELEASED ON HOME VIDEO<br />FOR MORE INFO E-MAIL ME @  sublim911@aol.com UNCERTAN AT THIS TIME SO  GET READY FOR THE NEW FOTTAGE
B000001OAA|5.0|The first time I heard this CD, all I could think was &quot;Wow!&quot;  If you like alternative music, there's no doubt you'll love this album.  Lead singer Shirley Manson's voice is very distinctive and perfect for this type  of music.  My favorite song on this CD is &quot;Vow&quot;, but, all the  songs are great!  You've gotta get this CD!
0446677450|5.0|I was recommended this book, so I bought it... I figured what can it hurt.  I have a lot of debt... and I really do want to change that.  After reading this book, I realize why I am in so much debt.  I'm in debt becuase  I'm like so many others who spend more money as they get more money... on  things that don't make me any money, but cause me to spend even more money.   <br />This book really changed my perspective on spending and how to 'make  money work for me.'  Since I have read the book, I have limited my spending  on things that are impractical, and started buying things that are going to  make me money.<br />I really do want money to do the things that I want.   Reading this book helped me greatly understand how I can make money most  efficiently, with the least tax stipulations, most benefits, and the least  selft-time consumption.<br />It's a quick read, and can only help you view  other views of making money.
0688170528|5.0|I as unable to put this book down, and when I would it was all I thought about.  Jodi Picoult is an extrememly talented story teller.<br />The Pact was the most mesmorizing story of two young lovers and that grew up together  and shared everything (almost).<br />I have given this book to every single  person I know that loves a good love story, and they have passed it on as  well!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I loved all the songs on this album. It is obvious that the Maiden did not choose the easy way this time! This is a classic Maiden album. BUY IT NOW!
B000002H33|1.0|How dare people compare garbage like Metallica to the Almighty Led Zeppelin! It is my sincere belief that Led Zeppelin were not mortal beings , but supernatural entities who descended into our plane of existence.  Every song they wrote is light years better than any other music ever  wriiten, even when they were doing a version of someone else's song.Every  song by Metallica, Black Sabbath, Beatles, Stones,Hendrix, Doors, Pink  Floyd, Beethoven, ACDC, Judas Priest, Who, Aerosmith, Dio, Megadeth, Rush,  Queen, REM , Bob Marley, Mozart, Iron Maiden, Scorpions, Bach , Van  Morrison, Guns n Roses, Van Halen, Vivaldi, Motorhead, Saxon ,Boston,  Chicago, Velvet Underground, U2, David Bowie, Elton John, Cliff Richard,  Spice Girls,Morbid Angel,Scot Joplin, Def Leppard ,Genesis,Yes, King  Crimson, Blue Cheer, Cream , Robert Cray, Sandie Shaw,Sonny and Cher,hell  EVERYONE, has already been done far, far better by the Godlike Led  Zeppelin. Every single note they played is a work of purest genius.  Listening to their music is an incredibly deeply religious experience. It  is like spiritual poetry.
B000002BFZ|1.0|I was a huge fan of Pearl Jam after &quot;Ten.&quot;  &quot;Vs.&quot; had a lot of great songs...but a couple duds.  &quot;Vitalogy&quot; had a lot of duds but a couple great songs.  Then came this dreck.  Not a single good  song, and a whole lot of bad ones.  Whatever happened to the youth,  vitality, and songcraft that made a band go from &quot;Alive&quot; and  &quot;Oceans&quot; to this kind of meandering rock drivel I'll never know.  But it is very disappointing.  I'm not sure if I have ever been as  disappointed in a CD as I was with this one.  Granted, my expectations were  high, but this fell WAY too short.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden are definitely back!  There are some amazing tracks on this album.  Bruce Dickinson sounds as good as ever.  All but three tracks are over 6 minutes long, and they all have a lot of depth to them. This album  expands from all the different styles that Maiden has tried in the passed  with some new ones. It's like they took all the best elements that make  Maiden such a great band and rived it up.  The only negative thing I'd have  to say is that some tracks are a bit repetitious.  But it's a minor thing.   Buy this album!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the first peppers CD that I've really sunk my teeth into.  Since, I've listened many times to BSSM and Mother's Milk.  It's every bit as good as BSSM and much better than a very good Mother's Milk, and it somehow  sounds even better after you've seen them play it live.  Unbelievably funky  and fast, and the quality of the recording is outstanding.  There's  absolutely nothing negative to say about this CD.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The Boys are back with ,easily, their best album since Somewhere In Time. Not a stinker on this album. This will probably end up my second favorite behind the aforementioned Somewhere. The melodies are classic Maiden and  Bruce's voice could not sound any better. Even though I enjoyed the Blaze  albums, this will make you forget he ever existed. These are all epics.  Dream of Mirrors, The Nomad, A Thin Line Between Love and Hate, and Brave  New World are incredible! Here's to a Brave New Maiden World!
6303534422|5.0|It is so surprising to find a movie like this that is so enjoyable for children, teenagers, and adults as well.  The story is about a teenager named Max who deals with typical teenage problems.  He tries to impress a  girl whom he likes, tries to fit in, and tries to avoid his  &quot;Goofy&quot; dad, all at the same time.  I've enjoyed this movie since  I first saw it when I was ten.  But now looking back on it, I really  empathize with Max and the realistic portrayal of a teen and his troubles.   This movie also has great songs that are surprisingly catchy and tons of  hilarious moments that will have you laughing out loud.  I highly recommend  this movie to any one of any age!
0440211727|5.0|John Grisham's first novel that he wrote 15 years ago is one that is strictly from the heart. I don't believe he wrote this with the intention of it becoming a bestseller and making himself a household name. The story  is an intriguing and shocking one that raises several issues. Some people  have mentioned that he tries to bring up too many issues, but they all fit  in with the story line. Legally, Carl Lee Hailey should have been on his  way to death row right after his trial. But this is not really a legal  story...it is definitely more of a moral story. It asks us to question our  morals and beliefs and if we have the courage to do what is right. Readers  may not like Grisham's style of writing - maybe it's not filled with  colorful descriptions and a fancy use of the English language, but it tells  things straight to the point to get the story moving. That's what I like  about Grisham's books. When you think about it, he really isn't THAT good  of a writer. But what is so important is that he knows how to tell a story  and how to sell his books. He comes up with some legally based plot with a  human interest story behind it and he makes it fast-paced and interesting.  This is the best book that I have read by Grisham, and the first book that  I ever read more than once. If you're into Grisham's books, you'll love  this one.
6305657947|5.0|I had heard the Thomas Crown Affair was good, but I didn't expect it to be THAT good.  What a refreshing change to watch a man and woman of the same age (wow, what a theory!) match wits, and how fun to watch the decadently  wealthy and bored Thomas Crown entertain himself at the expense of others.   A total fantasy, this movie is escapism at its best, and it's pretty sexy,  too (even though the characters actually look close to their supposed  'movie' age... amazing!).<br />I think that this is the perfect movie for  anyone who wants to watch a fun, interesting film made, definitely, for  adults.  There are no Bond girls here, and Russo is just as gorgeous as she  is smart.  The dialogue reminded me of some of my favorite movies - from  the '30s and '40s - where the exchanges between characters are just as  important as the plot (if they aren't, in fact, the actual plot).  As an  avid female fan of action movies and thrillers - and not a big fan of  bimbettes screaming to be rescued - it was a great thrill for me to watch  this marvelous film.  One caveat though - I loved it so much I recommended  it to everyone, including my parents... forgot about the sex scenes for a  moment.  Oops.  But apparently they didn't mind them -- they loved the  movie.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Maiden is back!  I always wanted to hear Virtual XI with Bruce singing and Adrian playing.  Now I can hear something even better.  Give Brave New World a couple of listens before you decide.  A few songs jumped out at me  right away (Ghost of the Navigator, Wickerman, The Nomad) but a few songs  took some time.  It is a kicking album.  Bruce is still able to hit those  high notes and the 3 guitar blitzkrieg is wonderful.  If you like classic  metal you will love this offering from the titans of the genre.
B00003CX5A|3.0|*Sleepy Hollow*  is a clever retelling of Washington Irving's folksy horror tale.  If this story had to be redone, we can go ahead and thank our lucky stars that a legitimate cinematic visionary like Tim Burton did it  for us.<br />The computer-generated-imaging is used economically, yet with  maximum impact  (other directors, PLEASE take note.)  The sets and  photography are as outstanding as you might expect from a Burton film --  spooky and lovingly rendered.  The costumes are surprisingly accurate, the  only anachronisms being some weird autopsy tools and far-out goggles  belonging to Constable Crane.  But even that makes sense, given Burton's  conception of the hero:  the director obviously is aware of the intense  debate between Science and Faith during the time period he's depicting, and  this debate is brilliantly characterized by Ichabod Crane  (very  well-played by Johnny Depp).  This new conception of the Crane character as  a Constable is the best thing in the film.  It provides intellectually  stimulating ideas as well as helping to make this old tale a neat murder  mystery.  Bravo!<br />Now, the drawbacks:  an irritating thing about Burton is  his endless  &quot;homaging&quot;  of earlier work, and, as others here  have pointed out, this movie is definitely an homage to those Hammer films  of the 50's.  A two-hour homage to Hammer may be considered excessive.  Is  Hammer worth it?  Or, more to the point, does Burton have his own cinematic   &quot;voice&quot;  other than paying stylistic tributes to other  directors?  Also:  the Horseman Himself, while effective early on when he  thunders by so fast that we barely see him, eventually becomes somewhat  ludricous.  I mean, they shoot him, they stab him, they toss him off moving  carriages, but he still keeps going and going.  Or is this merely Burton's  homage to the  *Friday the 13th*  pictures?<br />Anyway, I recommend this wild  ride, even if it might be a bit much.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby alias Richard Melville Hall was the first one to take the cover off of techno scene in 1991 with his 'Go'. He was/is considered as the voice and look of techno music. But that was in the beginning. Then came Twin  Peaks' theme, 'Thousand' and 'Hymn'; the last one being the first marker  indicating towards 'Play'.<br />What can I say about this album except that it  is brilliant. Album has something for everyone. 'Honey' &amp; 'Find My  Baby' for bigbeat-blues lovers, 'Porcelain' &amp; 'South Side' for those  who like indie-pop and 'Machete' &amp; 'Body Rock' if you want to get  energy. <br />The other part of the album is totally (and I mean totally) full  of heavenly ambient. At least as good - and maybe even better - as Orbital.  To me this part should've been on 'The Beach' soundtrack.<br />This album is  certainly the best to date from Moby and to me it was one of the best of  1999. He just know how to work the right way with all those sounds and  instruments to create powerful and magnificent background for the month  after you have brought it. Go out, buy it and play it!
0380977281|5.0|If you have ever pulled your tattered copies of C.S. Lewis' Narnia Chronicles from their space on the shelf as an adult, you will definately enjoy this book.  Not as innocent as Narnia, Stardust nevertheless conjures  delightful tale of a young man's journey through Faery to lay claim to a  fallen star.  Interesting characters abound in this tale-- drawing the  reader deeper into the twilight world of Faery as their tales are woven  into the rich fabric of the world beyond Wall.
6305892946|3.0|The statement in the title is true and that's why I'll rate this movie so highly, 'cause actually there isn't much to rate. If some of you saw Urban Legend (1998) shortly after Scream2 came out then you know what I'm talking  about. That movie was almost good for nothing (except some better lines and  scenes) - just a rip-off of Screams. Scr3am goes on the same road. <br />The  dialogue is forced, jokes are bad and more like awful puns, you never gonna  guess who the killer is cause there's nothing to guess, etc. It hasn't got  the virtues of the first two parts of the trilogy and mostly it is because  Kevin Williamson droped out. <br />Ok, this was a little bit harsh; there are  good things in this movie too. Campbell, Cox and Arquette are as good as  they used to be (except Courtney's hairdo) and Liev Schreiber does a good  perfomance as Cotton (still the same hilariously freaky style as in  Scream2). Some memorable scenes and Wes Craven's amazing camera work.  <br />Overall: To those who haven't seen previous parts it should be a big  event, to the real Scream fans it's just the conclusion (although, some  plot-lines are unfinished). The movie is good, but nt as good as you'd  expect from a movie named Scream.  And definitely not a scary movie!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This Album is a triumph of Iron Maiden and all that is GOOD heavy metal today.  This album goes to show that the classic metalheads can still put out albums that are both hardcore metal as well as musical virtuosities.   If you like heavy metal, or even just hard rock.  This is a definite buy.
0684803356|4.0|Hemingway used his experiences as a journalist during the Spanish Civil War to build the structure for this novel.  His descriptions of the settings are superb. The novel is a great introduction to the Spanish Civil  War, a war with which many Americans are unfamiliar. Hemingway used  characters like Pablo to show how people lose their humanity during war.   The story is powerful.  His main character, Robert Jordan, begins to  question whether anything good will come of all the fighting.<br />Despite its  many wonderful attributes, this novel has some problems.  The dialogue is  stilted.  The romance (as in all Hemingway novels) is unbelievable.   Finally, Hemingway should have stuck to English.  His use of Spanish in  this book is embarassing.<br />Nonetheless, in my opinion, For Whom the Bell  Tolls should be required reading for all U.S. high school students.  It's  truly a classic.
0783225733|5.0|When this film first came out in the theaters, I did not go see it. I also did not rent it right away when it came out on video. I felt I had lived through those times back in 1970, had heard about the event first hand on  TV, radio etc. I knew what the outcome was and felt I would be bored. Well,  let me tell you--One day when looking for a movie to rent, I spotted  &quot;Apollo 13&quot; and thought, what the heck, I'll try it out. I rented  it on VHS and was totally blown away, even though I knew the story and knew  the ending. What a job Ron Howard did in presenting this story. I was on  pins and needles as if I had never known about this story. I don't have to  tell you what Ron Howard and Tom Hanks are capable of doing, superb.  Well------the best was yet to come. I had gotten a DVD player and later  spotted &quot;Apollo 13&quot; on DVD, collectors edition, and bought it. Oh  my goodness! the extras in this DVD are awesome. The best I think is when  the real Apollo 13 Commander Jim Lovell and his wife Marilyn review the  movie for you. It seems they are sitting next to you on the couch telling  you about the scenes, how they happened, how it really was for them, which  were real and which were not. Jim gives you some of the technical info,  funny stuff and even some insignificant things which are very interesting.  In the movie for instance, the character Jim Lovell is driving a red  Corvette. The real Jim tells us that he did in fact own a Corvette but it  was green. Its things like this that makes you feel they are sitting next  to you on the couch. You must get this on DVD collectors edition if you  have any interest in our Apollo program at all. Ron Howard's review is also  awewome, you must get this for sure. The DVD even has the segment in which  the three astronauts appear on the Johnny Carson Tonight Show a few weeks  after the incident. We see a youthful Johnny Carson and Ed McMahon. There  are film clips from the news of the day and all kinds of goodstuff. This  DVD serves not only as a great film, but as an historical archive to be  kept for reference of the Apollo 13 flight.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Even though many people don't like Eminem for his \\"negitive\\" messages one still has to admit that he is great at presenting them. I personally have no problem with Eminem but of course I can see why some might. I however view Eminem as a great artist not because of what he says but how he says it. Many people before him and many after him will talk about the same things but so few will ever have the talent to put it together like he has managed to do.
0792845668|4.0|As good as the first Bill and Ted film was and still is (&quot;Excellent Adventure&quot;), this sequel raised the bar. Hilarious at every turn, and it deals with life and death issues at the same time. Throw in Bill Sadler  (the great character actor from &quot;Die Hard 2&quot;) as the reaper,  appearances by Pam Grier and George Carlin, a parody of Ingmar Bergman's  &quot;Seventh Seal&quot;, and you've got a movie that probably oughta rate  5 stars. Despite the heady subject matter, the most important plot thread  is whether the boys will win the &quot;Battle of the Bands&quot; contest.  Station! (PS-this and the first film would make an excellent double-feature  DVD)
B000023X9W|5.0|My title is a lyric from &quot;Distant Camera&quot;, cut number 8 on this 10 song disk and 10 songs of love are what Neil offers here.  Make no mistake this is mellow Neil;  hard rocking, distorted-amp electric Neil  stayed home for this one, and that's OK, we know he'll come around soon.   So let's enjoy an album of love songs which flows from beginning to end  almost as if it was one long ballad, exploring the topic of love and its  many facets.  The title track puts true love on the front burner and  material things on the back.   This cut in particular is outstanding with a  &quot;Harvest Moon&quot; feel.  &quot;Daddy Went Walking&quot; is Neil the  storyteller painting a lyrical picture in the vein of &quot;Old King&quot;  from Harvest Moon.  &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again&quot; is naturally an  auto-biographical looking back with an older and wiser perspective, and a  bit of longing for times past.  &quot;Red Sun&quot; is a stand-out song  about lasting love and &quot;Razor Love&quot; acknowledges a hurtful side  of love.  The rest of the cuts are excellent with appearances by Linda  Rhondstat and Emmylou Harris on harmony.  For those of us who appreciate  both &quot;Evil&quot; Neil and &quot;Nice&quot; Neil this is a 5-star  album...For those who prefer only &quot;Evil&quot; Neil take a pass on this  one...
B000000XCK|4.0|For some reason,a lot of CCR fans dislike PENDULUM .True,it is not as good as COSMO'S FACTORY,GREEN RIVER or WILLY AND THE POOR BOYS;however,I place it ahead of CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL,BAYOU COUNTRY,and MARDI GRAS.By  this stage,CCR had more chart success in three years than most band only  dream about.John Fogerty wanted to experiment with keyboards and  saxaphone(all group members could play more than one instrument).Several  styles of rock were played with:reggae(SAILOR'S LAMENT),soul(CHAMELEON,BORN  TO MOVE),old rock'n'roll(MOLINA),progressive instrumental rock(RUDE  AWAKENING NO.2),and hard boogie rock(HEY TONGHT,PAGAN BABY).The old CCR  style was still present,however(HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE RAIN,IT'S JUST A  THOUGHT and HIDEAWAY).As a result of the experimentation,most critics  complained that PENDULUM was a wildly uneven album.I prefer to think of it  as a noble musical experiment.Also,as a result of John's perfectionism,Tom  Fogerty quit the group not long after PENDULUM's release.This paved the way  for CCR as a trio and MARDI GRAS.But that,as they say,is another story.
068484267X|5.0|How many reviewers here have exclaimed that they could not put this           book down, how much it affected them, and yet gave it less than 5 stars?           I don't understand! No, Mr. McCourt does not write in the prose  of           Shakespeare, nor is he a scientific storyteller ala Isaac  Asimov. But, even           better, Frank McCourt has his own voice. Is  that why a reviewer would           give it less than 5 stars? Whatever the  reasons I think it's undeserved. The           honest, lyrical voice of  Frank McCourt was as refreshing to my psyche as           when I first  discovered Kurt Vonnegut Jr, and I could not put &quot;Angela's            Ashes&quot; down. <br />          It isn't often a book comes along that  compels you to forfeit sleep           because you are lost in the author's  world: &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is such a           book. It isn't often  that a book will make you laugh out loud and squeeze           tears from  your eyes within the same paragraph: &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is such            a book. Few writers could create a book that is as much about  childhood           as the bleakness the child survives: Frank McCourt is  such a writer.<br />          Mr. McCourt has written a classic memoir that  will, I believe, remain           timeless. He deserves every accolade he  receives, not because of what           he went through but because of the  engrossing, enlightening,           gut-wrenchingly honest writing that has  sprung from his old soul.           McCourt has taken a life of poverty,  pain, humor, guilt, and yearning, and           given it as a gift to the  world.<br />          And for that we are all surely the better for it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think it is a very good CD, and the people that don't, well, maybe you are just jealous. I think she has a great voice. To the person who didn't like the remake of Satisfaction(I can't get no), maybe you should listen to  it again. I think she did a very good job in remaking the song. I also  think she is a positive role-model for younger audiences. Keep up the good  work Britney!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Anybody who disses this CD does not know the first thing about hip hop. I mean this guy just tells it how it is, he aint holding nothing back. This is  one of those you can bump in your ride all day.
158234082X|4.0|This book made me laugh out loud at the antics of the writer, but it'll make anybody cringe at the thought that what he said was based on experience and not a wild imagination. It spares nobody and makes eating at  home a definite option if you are too picky with whats in your food. A  truly enjoyable book good for a lazy sunday spent outdoors.
6305807086|1.0|From the opening credits this movie is a horror to watch.  There is nothing of value here, if you order it, hope it gets lost in the mail, run don't walk to avoid this stinker, I suspect it was released in 1999 to  avoid getting a jump as the worst move of the 21st century.   The critics  review on this must be some kind of weird joke, can they prove that people  will go see crummy movies if they get good reviews?  Something really  stinks here and it is this movie, save your money and move up in class by  ordering the &quot;Gong show movie&quot; instead, a distant second to this  as worst in the 1900's.
0375703764|3.0|I'm more than slightly amazed at the amount of hype surrounding this novel. I don't believe the author takes himself half so seriously as his growing legions of champions do. Comparing a first novel, chock-full of  flaws and misguided attempts at erudition to Nabakov displays to me a  serious misappropriation of judgement. To quote from  Hudibras:<br />&quot;Still the less they understand,<br /> The more they admire  the sleight-of-hand&quot;<br />That said, I believe Danielewski has the  makings of a highly talented author, if he can find a way to channel his  creative energy. I know that I probably come off as sounding like one of  the writing seminar professors at Yale who rejected him (an event he  recounts in his novel), but the boy still needs some guidance. If logorrhea  were a literary virtue, our candidate would succeed with flying colors. He  can go on and on and on and he loves, no doubt, to see his words printed in  sundry forms upon a page.<br />For those who think the textual form of this  book is some sort of ground-breaking innovation, I would refer you to  Tristram Shandy, written over 200 years ago. In a &quot;Book Page&quot;  interview, Danielewski acknowledges the influence of e.e. cummings, whose  concrete poetry he emulates here. He doesn't mention George Herbert and  several other metaphysical poets who were writing in the 17th century,  using similar devices (I'm not implying he's not aware of them, merely that  he doesn't cite the influence.)<br />I don't necessarily believe that a  narrative must be linear to be cohesive. There are too many proofs in  modern, post-modern, and post-post-modern literature that would belie such  a dictum. I have no problem with authors playing with structure,  points-of-view, am not bothered by self-referential games, doppleganger  hijinx, wordplay, etc. What I'd like to see is some sort of intelligence at  work on the part of teh gamemaster. This is why a Nabakov or a Paul Auster  or a Pynchon can get away with whatever creative flights they want to with  me. I'm going to buy into their abandonment of the rules. I'll even let  them make the rules up as they go along, because I know that I'm going to  be rewarded in the end by my participation. I tried very hard to keep  playing Danielewski's game, but it really turned into a redundant exercise.<br />  I have little quarrel with the Johnny Truant narrative. It drifts into  purple haze territory at times but manages to sustain my interest. It reads  a bit like a Stephen Wright novel, lots of drugs, paranoia, and human  savagery. The Navidson passages border on the truly trite. I suppose that  if you found the Blair Witch Project compelling cinema, it would prove  equally engrossing. The old &quot;scholars&quot; text, where the footnotes  really start getting baroque, left me practically fuming over why I had  invested any time in reading them. They are supposed to sound Borgesian,  and instead sound like they come from a ninety year old Hunter Thompson on  bad acid.<br />Unfortunately, Danielewski saves his worst for last. The  epliogue material featuring the letters that Truant's mother wrote him from  the asylum, are among the most banal examples of prose I've ever  encountered on a printed page.<br />As you can see, there is not a great deal  I like about this novel. But again, this writer can't be dismissed, just  hopefully harnessed. He has moments of real brilliance. He'll hit on a  metaphor or convey a dead-on-target insight that will floor you. Hopefully,  he will find his true voice and we will see a really important talent  emerge in the future.ith whatever creative flights they want to with  me. I'm going to buy into their abandonment of the rules. I'll even let  them make the rules up as they go along, because I know that I'm going to  be rewarded in the end by my participation. I tried very hard to keep  playing Danielewski's game, but it really turned into a redundant exercise.  <br />  I have little quarrel with the Johnny Truant narrative. It drifts into  purple haze territory at times but manages to sustain my interest. It reads  a bit like a Stephen Wright novel, lots of drugs, paranoia, and human  savagery. The Navidson passages border on the truly trite. I suppose that  if you found the Blair Witch Project compelling cinema, it would prove  equally engrossing. The old &quot;scholars&quot; text, where the footnotes  really start getting baroque, left me practically fuming over why I had  invested any time in reading them. They are supposed to sound Borgesian,  and instead sound like they come from a ninety year old Hunter Thompson on  bad acid. <br />Unfortunately, Danielewski saves his worst for last. The  epliogue material featuring the letters that Truant's mother wrote him from  the asylum, are among the most banal examples of prose I've ever  encountered on a printed page.<br />As you can see, there is not a great deal  I like about this novel. But again, this writer can't be dismissed, just  hopefully harnessed. He has moments of real brilliance. He'll hit on a  metaphor or convey a dead-on-target insight that will floor you. Hopefully,  he will find his true voice and we will see a really important talent  emerge in the future.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|There are songs of such gorgeousness on this album (especially the haunting 'Velvet' and 'I Wish I Cared') that I did indeed feel that I had lifted several feet off the ground. I have been a huge A-ha fan since the  beginning, and have been waiting for this album for a VERY long time! I  thought nothing could top their last album, the moody 'Memorial Beach' --   but this is their best work yet. Some tracks are up tempo, and some are  ballads, but all of it is uniquely A-ha. As is usual for an A-ha album, the  end track (Mary Makes The Moment Count) is a work of great sensitivity, and  leaves you adrift, wanting to hear the entire album again immediately.  Every track could be a single -- and should be! Miss out at your peril!
0553296981|3.0|The movies I was watching was very nice  and sad  some part its very funny the like in this movies was I thought  this was expectionally wonderful I  recommande this movie to anyone it was sad the part first  time I saw this  movie but it was to funny Anne Frank was good but she doing very well in  that movie .The movie didn't stregthen the stressful point that Anne penned  in diary. also ever though you know what happens at the end.
0440539811|2.0|A great example of how size and complexity do not equal depth or worth, this large, culty trilogy is more or less a white-noise barrage of meaningless events splattered over a thousand or so pages. As a proper  novel it's a big shaggy-dog story, and as a reading experience it's just  not interesting enough. By the end I was reading it as a grudge, just to  prove that I could do it.<br />It's dated, too - the female character(s)  are/is there for the men to have sex with - and the time- and space-hopping  narrative isn't nearly as clever as it seems to think. It has some  memorably smug characters, too, and the air of something dreamed up and  written down one night whilst bored.
B00003CXDD|5.0|I saw this movie when i was 8 or 9, yet i never tire of it.  It has all the fantasy elements: the different races, the magic, the setting, the swordplay, etc... yet i think of the characters from lord of the rings and  compare the similarities:  both are on quests, willow = frodo, baby =ring,  bavmorda = sauron, kael and nokmar soldiers = black riders, madmardigan =  boromir or strider, meegosh = pippin, merry, or sam, the sorceress that  helps willow (forgot her name) = gandalf
6303855474|3.0|As a film in it's own right, this is decent enough - it's a step up from 'Johnny Mneumonic', and has some decent effects, a neat translation of one of 2000AD's 'ABC Warriors' (from a separate strip), and all-in-all it's  decent mindless fun.<br />As a translation of the Judge Dredd strip, though,  it starts off interestingly and then turns unforgivably bad - whilst the  paper Dredd is, essentially, a soul-less monster (he was initially modelled  on Clint Eastwood's 'Dirty Harry', but taken to an insane extreme),  Stallone plays him as a slightly peeved version of a standard action hero.  It's closer in tone to the US comic version of Dredd, and misses the  ultra-dark humour and much of the bleak setting of the comic. Much of the  blame has been left at the feet of Stallone's populist instincts - if it  was to be Hollywood-ised at all, this really needed the dry wit of Arnold  Schwarzenegger.<br />There's an interesting soundtrack featuring a diverse  range of unexpected bands, including, oddly enough, the Cure.
B0000029LG|5.0|this is one of the best cd's ever M J  is the true king of pop get this cd it is great im only 12
0792845765|5.0|A great example of how a sequel can taint the film it sequelises, this un-necessary collection combines one of the finest science fiction films of the 1980's with two increasingly bad sequels. 'Robocop' is fantastic - a  satirical view of corruption and crime in a near-future Detroit. The  effects are fantastic, despite the modest budget, and only the OCP  video-wall has dated. Remove the robots and the setting, of a commercial  city on the edge of mania, seems edgily real. The violence is both shocking  and funny, and Verhoven's sardonic black humour was sorely missed from the  sequels.<br />The first sequel, release at the same time as a host of other  sequels ('Die Hard 2' being the obvious competition), was like an  averaged-out, cruder version of the original. The news snippets are more  obviously parodic, the violence is nastier and unfunny, and the whole film  is just a bludgeoning mess. As Empire magazine said, 'if you like to  stagger from a film feeling numb and slightly sick, this is the film for  you'.<br />As for the third, Peter Weller-less film, don't go there. Really.  It's bad. No. Look away. Imagine the disappointment you felt on watching  'Alien 3', magnified a million-fold.
6305546789|4.0|How I would love to ignore all the sequels, but that would be a little self-deceiving considering there's so many of the wretched things. (Sighs) A shame that as soon as I have clear in my own head a psychological profile  for Myers, I discover that all his motivation is a Celtic curse in a clown  costume. So much for Freud.  Actually, I find it hard to believe John  Carpenter could have intended this development. The main strength of  Halloween was in realism (and I don't care for the &quot;Bogeyman&quot;  bits, and I would much rather think that he'd just crawled off to die at  the end, but have it how you will). The film is highly self-conscious,  containing references to cliched genres of horror, making it clear that  suburbia considers itself well out of such danger. But all it takes is a  kid, a knife, an infant sexuality trauma (not to mention a pretty stupid  psychiatrist who adeptly manages to freeze the kid in that state of trauma  for fifteen years) and the bodies are falling out of the cupboards. I'm  surprised how many consider Myers to be without motive. Surely what makes  him so terrifying (at least in film #1) is the depiction of a horrendously  dysfunctional child, revolted by sexuality, in a 21-year old body. Did  nobody bother to notice the motifs that keep cropping up from the first  scene (near-naked girls, discarded clothes, the bed, lovers on a sofa)  which stimulate him to re-enact the trauma? I found that quite effective -  then I found out it was a druidic curse. (sighs again) I think I'll keep my  illusion. I could spend all night analysing Myers, if I really want to have  dreams about being stabbed to death by a man with an inscrutable expression  and no superego behind his William Shatner mask. I'll mention two other  things that I've seen little comment on - the wonderful claustrophobia and  the irony it provokes. Myers is never more than &quot;three blocks&quot;  away in Haddonfield, yet evades his pursuer (Pleasance) with frightening  ease (at one point, he is seen driving past right behind Dr. Loomis' back,  as Loomis considers how the hell he shall set about finding him). Classic  psychological horror, and all the more so when considered in isolation from  the inevitable sequels. Damn market forces.ng  ease (at one point, he is seen driving past right behind Dr. Loomis' back,  as Loomis considers how the hell he shall set about finding him). Classic  psychological horror, and all the more so when considered in isolation from  the inevitable sequels. Damn market forces.
0792839730|4.0|A great, big, expensively-mounted spectacle from  a director who made this kind of grand entertainment his trademark, 'A Bridge too Far' was the last major studio war film until 'Saving Private Ryan'. The tone is very  different - with distanced irony we watch as soldiers sacrifice their lives  purely because the men in command did not want to admit that they had made  a mistake. The battle at Arnhem was Montgomery's last gasp at greatness -  an attempt to shorten WW2 by a few months. The massive parachute drop  landed directly on a German Panzer brigade, a bridge that had been  pooh-poohed by intelligence staff, and things deteriorated from  there.<br />The film itself is only semi-successful. It relies on size to  impress, scale of a kind that only a huge amount of proper, 1970's money  could buy. Thus, what seems like several thousand soldiers are parachuted  behind enemy lines - and there isn't a trace of CGI. These, and other  stand-out moments (a German officer dismissing a captured Allied map as a  forgery, a soldier sacrificing his life to retrieve a supply-capsule full  of regimental caps) work brilliantly, but at the end we are left with the  feeling that we didn't really know anybody in the film, and that we should  be angrier at the waste.<br />Part of the reason for this is the star-packed  cast, something that was still possible back then. Uneconomical now, this  film features Robert Redford, Sean Connery, James Caan, Elliot Gould,  Anthony Hopkins and a host of others in minor roles. It doesn't really work  - it's distracting, nobody gets more than a few minutes of screen-time, and  you can pretty much work out which people are going to be left alive at the  end of the film.<br />Still, this is so close to being a classic it almost  hurts, and is the only decent film on this monumental  mistake.<br />Unfortunately, the DVD itself is a disappointment - the picture  and sound quality are good enough, but apart from a trailer and a little  paper bookletthere isn't anything in the way of special bits (although a  'making of' might be pointless, given that much of the film was re-enacted  the hard way). Shame.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|But if you like movies that challenge you, you must see Fight Club. OK so you have to suspend your disbelief a little, it's a movie! They aren't real to begin with! <br />Anyway, Fight Club deals with a narrator (the awesome Ed  Norton) who's life is adrift. His existence has absolutely no meaning, and  he goes to support groups for diseases he does not have so he can feel  warmth and love. Then another support group &quot;tourist&quot; shows up  (Helena Bonham Carter) and he cannot feel good at the meetings anymore.  Then a chance encounter with a soap salesman named Tyler Durden changes  everything. Together they form a new type of therapy for men who feel  discarded from society. Very soon Fight Club grows into a nationwide cult.  <br />Fight Club is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. All of  the actors turn in superb performances (even Meat Loaf!). There's a lot of  great black comedy throughout. If you like movies like Pulp Fiction,  Reservoir Dogs, or The Usual Suspects you'll probably enjoy this one.
0767802470|5.0|Put simply, this is one of the finest war films ever - an alternatively thrilling, terrifying tale of men fighting a war whilst locked in a metal tube, gliding through crushing, hostile, ice-cold water. An international  showcase of mid-80's German television, this attracted audiences all over  the world and is justly famous. If you haven't seen it yet, this is the  best way to do so, short of taping the extensive television series and  watching it over the course of a couple of days.<br />For a while this was one  of the two decent DVDs that you could buy in the UK - the extra bits are  nice to have, but not worth watching on their own. There's a 'Making Of',  which is enlightning but short (they achieved the haggard, pale look of the  actors by locking them in a mock submarine and wobbling them around for  hours until they had turned to a thick paste), and a set of interviews  which are of the shallow, soundbite variety. Intriguingly, there there are  subtitled German and dubbed English versions - the subtitled German is the  most authentic, but the dubbed English works well (this is how it was show  on UK television initially), especially as the dialogue is so clipped.<br />As  a footnote, the same production team (minus Wolfgang Peterson) went on to  make 'Stalingrad', a not-quite-as-good, but-still-quite-good film about  another German WW2 tragedy.<br />For a while this was one of the two decent  DVDs that you could buy in the UK - the extra bits are nice to have, but  not worth watching on their own. There's a 'Making Of', which is  enlightning but short, and a set of interviews which are of the shallow,  soundbite variety. Intriguingly, there there are subtitled German and  dubbed English versions - the subtitled German is the most authentic, but  the dubbed English works well (this is how it was show on UK television  initially), especially as the dialogue is so clipped.<br />As a footnote, the  same production team (minus Wolfgang Peterson) went on to make'Stalingrad', a not-quite-as-good, but-still-quite-good film about another  German WW2 tragedy.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Quite possibly the worst cd ever made. Terrible songs, Terriblevoice, ad infinitum..... This cd is the equivalant of plastic. Fake,synthetic, heartless, corny, &amp; insulting. The sad thing is that it will sell millions of copies. People need to wake up.  This type of music is what will sow the seeds of destruction &amp; downfall for mankind.<br />I'm very sad right now. :(
B000002J20|3.0|Something of a watermark in modern musical history, this album kickstarted punk, and marked a point where Yes, and progressive rock, parted company with most musical fans.<br />At a time when the UK was falling apart, a  dual-vinyl concept album about...  stuff... played by virtuoso  instrumentalists seemed extremely out-of-touch. Yes were never as  despicable as contemporaries Emerson, Lake and Palmer, and kicking them  would be like kicking a puppy, as they always seemed so nice. Still, 'TFTO'  is at least a disc too long, and Anderson's complex lyrics, whilst inviting  decypherment, don't actually mean anything, really. Broadcast in it's  entirity over four nights on Radio One, and regarded by the mainstream rock  press as a stunning work of genius, this album seems slight in comparison  to 'Close to the Edge'. 'Edge' did everything that Yes could do, and got to  the point in 40 minutes.<br />Still, the cover art is very... nice, and it  makes nice enough background music if you're reading a book, or cutting  your toenails or something similar.
0446677450|4.0|With all of the how to make money books around, this one seems to offer some real, concrete information to help everyone take command of their financial resources and to gain wealth for themselves and their families.  Some of the food for thought includes: exploding the myth that you need to  earn a high income to be rich;  challenging the belief that your house is  an asset;  showing parents why they can't rely on the school system to  teach their kids about money; and clarifies assets vs liabilities.  The  author provides a definition of being rich and poor and the fundamental  differences.  It will make you think.  He helps you forget some of the  misinformation you believe in, and tells what we should have learned from  our parents, if they had known it.  The book will make you take a hard look  at where your headed and where you should be headed, education-wise.  His  lessons are simple, easy to read and understand and help you put them into  practice for the good of you and your family. You can only gain, by taking  a look at this book. Well worth reading.
B00004SZWB|5.0|While Stevie's Albums at Best since this One have been Up&amp;Down this one was Very Complete.The Music&amp;Lyrics are Solid From Start To Finish.All I Do With Michael Jackson is a Gem.Rocket Love is Great.Betty  Wright,The O'Jays,The Gap Band all Sound Great.Happy Birthday is a Great  Tribute To Dr.Martin Luther King JR.Jodeci did a Remake of Lately a few  years back.Master Blaster(Jammin) a Great Tribute To Bob Marley.Fantastic  from The Genius Mind Of Stevie Wonder.
B000002J09|5.0|I love led zeppelin... Led Zeppelin were once my all time favorite band... they are now my 2nd favorite after listening to the who..... but anyway buy this album great songs great band
B00004S367|5.0|Stevie Wonder is One Of Teh Greatest Artists Ever! this Disc Showcases His Greatness all The Way Thru.As Writer,Arranger,Producer,Instrumentalist&amp;Vocalist Stevie Captures alot  Of Feeling on this Great Album.SuperWOman Alone is a Gem.Great  Musicianship&amp;Arrangements.Girl Blue is Fantastic.You Feel The  Vibe&amp;Depth Of His Genius Here.
B000002ORU|5.0|I'm an 18 year old fan of classic rock including one of my favorite artists..... The WHO.  It has almost all of the songs I love from that group but what the hell you can't really get everything you want.  Buy this  if you are a who fan.
B000002UJQ|2.0|I'm sorry, but this album is not deserving of the praise its been generated.  I found the album poor, and sadly, disappointing.  There are a few good songs on this album, but a better investment would be &quot;The  Bends&quot;, which is more lyrically and melodically sound.
B000000OU0|5.0|&quot;For the record, we never broke up...&quot; those seven words start out the concert portion of this album and from the music, it's almost believeable. One of the 1970's most famed rock groups, who broke up over  disputes and promised not to reunite until Hell Froze Over, have come back  together for their reunion concert and it's amazing. It's a stripped down,  more intimate show than their first live album, but that's one thing that  makes it so amazing. They have nothing but their instruments to make them  sound good. And they sound awesome.<br />The standouts on the album include  &quot;The Last Resort,&quot; which is possibly the best song, &quot;Life In  the Fast Lane,&quot; and a chilling version of &quot;Desperado.&quot; But  let's not forget the most famous song from the album...a stripped down and  amazing version of &quot;Hotel California,&quot; which far surpasses the  original.<br />The four songs at the beginning, which are new studio  recordings(but are shown live on the video version) should be satisfying  enough for anyone. They range from hard rocking to original Eagles  country-rock.<br />Overall, this is THE must have CD for any Eagles  fan...heck, for ANY MUSIC fan.
B000002LND|5.0|I think this is a fantastic album. I love the re mixed versions, although some of them sound better on their original albums. I preferred Like A Prayer on the original album. It has most (not all) of Madonna's hits, Like  Material Girl, Like A Virgin, Holiday etc. I think it's a great album, for  new Madonna fans, as it gives a great varity, and some of the mixs give  them a unique sound, and Vibe. We LOVE You Madonna!
0446677450|4.0|In reading previous customer reviews, I agree that the author is not a &quot;great&quot; writer (Shakespeare it ain't, but then he doesn't claim to be Will).  I also agree it could have been tightened up a bit, but so  can many books.<br />However, this valuable book is background for book II.   It establishes Kiyosaki's &quot;credentials&quot;.  It tells you where he  came from (and I don't mean just Hawaii), and why he believes in his  philosophy.  And most of all, he lets you know that you can change your  thinking process and move to the right side of the financial quadrant  towards financial freedom.  <br />It's a fun and fast read.  He's showing us  by his life example so we can see how we've been blocked.  My advice, take  the best, and leave the rest.  It was sure worth more than it cost to me.   You will see yourself in it.  After all, how were you brainwashed about  money when you were growing up?
6305268843|4.0|Under the guise of &quot;an old-fashioned romance&quot;, this incredibly beautiful film takes on some very controversial themes, including surrogate motherhood and euthanasia.  It explores the theme of motherhood in a way no  film has done before. Every word of the dialogue is freighted with meaning,  much of which requires a second viewing to receive fully.  Marceau and  Dillane make an enthralling couple, and their chemistry is unmistakable.
B000002UTY|4.0|It's been eons... one of the vinyl records that were literally worn out. As I listen to it now, I hear some things I did not hear then. It's an awsome record. The whole first side is an anthem to the freedom of rock and  roll.... though there is a &quot;song&quot; in here... it's more the beat,  the rush and the sound of the 60s. I think of Quicksilver with that whole  San Fran thing that included the Dead and Airplane. Sounds of old 'Spirit'  are there. Jumping forward a few years, I can hear some of these guitar  riffs in Dark Side of the Moon and other more &quot;edgy&quot; sounds. This  a very, very cool record. The guitar work is demanding and as the critic  above says, sustained. You can almost see the paisley on the walls. Let  &quot;side one&quot; play without interruption, you WILL smile. (5/30/00)
B00000IPAX|5.0|Enema of the State is by far the best CD I've ever listeneed to.  If you even remotely like punk, alternative, or classic rock you will like this CD.  Whoever says these guys make money on their looks like the pretty-boy  bands (N-Sync, Backstreetboys) or Brittany Spears obviously has not  listened to the CD.  Every song is so good you'll be singing the lyrics  throughout.  Buy this! =)
0783240503|3.0|I was disappointed to find that so much of the prime cast was replaced by &quot;stars&quot;.  <br />Who's brilliant idea was that anyway?<br />I'd rather have a copy of the real thing.   I'm glad I saw it before I bought it.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The movie of course took me by storm. I went out of the theaters unbalanced. I came, I saw, and a week later, I came back for more. I have been waiting some time for this DVD release; I couldn't wait to catch a  glimpse of Tyler Durden's little 1-framed bleeps in slow motion. The DVD  production is SPECTACULAR - This is by far the best, most complex DVD  release I have witnessed by far - TWO DISCS, one containing the Feature +  Commentaries, and the other contains the many bonus features. The many  innovative features and designs in the spirit of the movie, such as hidden  message during the 'Anti-Piracy' segments in the beginning of the Feature,  The big pink soap in the interactive menus, the sounds of projection reels  rolling; all tend to keep your eyes out of their sockets. <br />This is a real  must have in practically everyone's private DVD collection, easily being  the best DVD Iv'e ever owned. The movie is just incredible, and if it does  not justify it yet, the bonus features are intense. <br />Just one private  note - DON'T BLINK. You might miss something...
0783240503|3.0|I was disappointed to find that so much of the prime cast was replaced by &quot;stars&quot;.  <br />Who's brilliant idea was that anyway?<br />I'd rather have a copy of the real thing.   I'm glad I saw it before I bought it.
B00004TH83|5.0|This one's a keeper folks!  Fabian is definitely going to be the superstar of the new millenium, rivaling the status of Celine Dion, Barbra Streisand and Mariah Carey!  She came out of nowhere!<br />This CD is top rate material  with heartfelt ballads and a few uptempo songs, including the wickedly  catchy and dramtic &quot;I Will Love Again&quot;.  Dramatic is the best  word I can think of to describe Fabian's voice, as one moment it will be  nothing more than a whisper.  The next thing you know she belts out a note  with all her force.  Amazing!  &quot;Adagio&quot; is sung here in English  and Italian.  She could sing it in pig latin, for all I care - it would  still sound great.  Her voice is just that good!  &quot;I Am What I  Am&quot; is also a cool song that could be a hit.<br />I think the fact that  Sony is offering a money-back guarantee on this CD says how confident they  are that this is their newest superstar discovery.  I'm going to have a  hard time keeping this CD out of my CD player!
0792835719|5.0|I woved this movie...it has the name Pidgeon as someone's name...that's funny...anyway, it is a movie that is woosly based on my wife!
B0000025ZF|5.0|This album is a cohesive masterpiece of Roger Water's more disturbing memories, dreams, and reflections.  Granted, this is NOT dinner and dancing music!  It is potent stuff, some of which you will find disturbing if  you're expecting the more melodic Floydian sound of The Wall or Dark Side.  The album was reportedly written at the same time Waters wrote The Wall,  which the band chose to do instead of this one. I believe that like The  Wall, it is mainly autobiographical.  My favorite cut of this album is  &quot;Every Stranger's Eyes,&quot; but the entire CD is moving and powerful  from beginning to end, including the sounds connecting each song.  Only  Roger Waters can write music and lyrics that will take you on such an  emotional journey into the shadows and depths, and make the listener feel  it all so powerfully. Realize though, that this is more angst and haunting  feelings than the kind of music enjoyed in &quot;Money&quot; or even  &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; - it lacks the harmonies and melodic touches  often attributed to Gilmour's influence - but I heartily recommend it for  any Floyd or Waters fan. From quiet, tender and vulnerable feelings to  sudden, angst-ridden strains, the music delivers with huge emotional  impact.  Pop fans will hate it. First listen should be alone, undisturbed.  Second listen will have you hooked.
0790733226|5.0|Another masterpiece by Jodie Foster.  Foster can make the worst movie tolerable--e.g., Nell--or make a good movie into a great one--e.g., Silence of the Lambs.  <br />Here, the movie starts out with a great plot and Foster  does not disappoint.  Foster plays a scientist obsessed by the search for  extra-territorial intelligence, the SETI project, at a time when government  cutbacks are shutting the project down.  Foster portrays the scientist  obsessed by her field but unable to make others understand how important  her interest is very well.  The scene in which Foster first hears an alien  message is particularly powerful and the subsequent search to understand  the alien message is very interesting.  Although I am not a scientist, the  task of decoding the message was easy to follow but, at the same time was  somehow complex and even suspenseful.  The scenes of contact are low key  and, in many ways similar to the analogous scenes in 2001.  I believe this  was intentional given the other similarities of this movie to 2001.  Most  obviously, the search for extraterrestrial life in both movies results in a  story more about the human condition than about our interaction with other  life forms.  <br />A note of further interest:  there is a surprising,  although understated, scene at the end which seems to explain everything  but on further reflection, still leaves almost everything unresolved.   <br />Finally, several reviewers have complained about the Matthew McConaughey  character, the modern man of faith. McConaughey plays a man struggling to  keep science within the bounds of morality, religious or otherwise.  Jodie  Foster's character and he clash since she is not only a scientist who  believes in knowledge without moral limits and does not believe in G-d.   Rather than take sides on this debate, the movie, instead, presents both  sides fairly and then proposes that the two views can co-exist peacefully  without either banishing G-d from our lives or putting irrational limits on  science.  <br />I applaud Hollywood for dealing with this issue, even  superficially, since it is controversial and yields no easy solutions.  The  McConaughey character changes my review from a four star review (very good,  but not special) to a five star review for a rare movie which is both  entertaining and intelligent.
B0000025H4|5.0|What more can I say this album rocks!  I usually find live albums to be inferior excuses for bands to pad their bank accounts, but this is a true exception.  From the opeining of Exciter (originally on Stained Class) to  the classic Victim of Changes (ala Sad Wings of Destiny) this album shows  priest at their very best.  Do yourself a favor and pick up the import  version of this CD (it contains four bonus tracks not found on the  original).  To me this album is a time capsule that spans the ages of  metal.  If you are a Priest fan this album belongs in your collection.
B00000IAU3|5.0|It's just gorgeous.  Can't help but move my body to the music every time I listen to it. This Cd is worth every penny.
0440219078|5.0|The book, The Giver is now my favorite book. I would definetely give it 5 stars! It is about a boy named Jonas. Where JOnas lives everything is the same. There is no color, and people are assigned there jobs. When Jonas turns Twelve, he gets chosen as the receiver. THe receiver receives the  memories from the Giver. I really love this book!
B00004T9UF|5.0|wow I just got this cd on friday I loved it so much I listend to it 6 times my favroite song is Kim all the bad words and stuff are so cool and he  made this record better then the slim shady LP so for all you rap fans  out there buy this cd
6305546789|5.0|When you see Halloween for the first time, you think of 2 things. 1) &quot;This is so simple its scary.&quot; and 2) &quot;Why cant other movies be like this?&quot;. This movie had the plot, faceless, emotionless killer, and Jamie Lee Curtis's Talent to go along with it.<br />The music sets the  tone. And the awesome directing just makes it better. This movie is a  horror classic and will remain one of Jamie Lee Curtis's best films!
B00001OH7P|5.0|Few would dispute &quot;Ziggy Stardust's&quot; status as one of the greatest rock albums of all time.  This is certainly true, and it's not because of the hype that developed, mostly after the fact about the Ziggy  myth. Just listen to the CD without thinking about it as a story (it is  very weak as a story), about the idea of \\"glam-rock\\" (it's not clear that  Bowie was clear on that concept while he was making &quot;Ziggy&quot;), or  the thought that Bowie and Ziggy are one (as is obvious from the cover  photo, the Ziggy look had not even been developed yet).  Without the  frills, &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; stands as a premier listening  experience, especially \\"at maximum volume.\\"<br />&quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; is  one of those few albums that call to people to listen to over and over  again.  Fans often comment that every single song is great.  Roughly 30  years after it was created, it remains fresh and always has been.   &quot;Ziggy&quot; has never fallen off the cutting edge, while at the same  time never becoming fully mainstream.  Its lasting power has something to  do with that balance - Bowie put out albums like &quot;Young  Americans&quot; and &quot;Let's Dance,&quot; that were much bigger hits  when they were released, but because they pandered to the market they don't  stand the test of time like &quot;Ziggy&quot; does.  <br />&quot;Ziggy&quot;  still holds surprises for new initiates to the album.  The opening song,  \\"Five Years\\" features a strong-voiced, desperate Bowie singing about the  impending end of the world.  It's a great song, but not one that gets much  play on the radio.  \\"Five Years\\" also sets &quot;Ziggy's&quot;  tongue-in-cheek flavor.  Bowie does sound desperate when he shouts out  \\"We've got five years! That's all we've got.\\" but he also sounds like he's  shouting with a wry smile on his face.  In some of his later works, like  &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; and &quot;Tin Machine,&quot; Bowie's desperation  sounds more sincere.  That givesthose albums more authenticity, but  authenticity is not what &quot;Ziggy's&quot; about.  In &quot;Ziggy,&quot;  nothing is what it seems.  \\"Star\\" is not about an astral body, but about a  poor boy's dream of becoming a rock star.  The proceeding \\"Starman,\\" on the  other hand, at once is about a space alien and a prophet-like rock star.    \\"Lady Stardust\\" is about a guy, and invokes the word \\"star\\" to describe  glittery makeup.  These songs, along with \\"Ziggy Stardust,\\" \\"Moonage  Daydream,\\" and the closing \\"Rock N' Roll Suicide\\" comprise the concept part  of this concept album.  <br />Much of Bowie's work has parallel meaning.   \\"Space Oddity\\" is, on the surface, about an astronaut, but it's also about  heroin.  \\"Fashion\\" is about pop culture fashion, but also about political  fashion.  But a true parallelism does not exist in most of these songs.   \\"Fashion\\" is really about politics.  The Ziggy songs on Ziggy are about a  boy dreaming to be a rock star, dreaming so big as to think of himself as a  savior coming from space.  The fans in this fantasy buy into the vision and  ultimately consume the dreamer.  But there never was a space alien.   <br />Could Bowie have predicted that this would actually happen, with him  playing the lead?  The generally accepted answer is that he did.  If that's  the case, the songs poke fun of his ambition, and more so for the fans  playing their scripted rolls as well.  <br />The messages of &quot;Ziggy&quot;  are not its main point, the music is.  That's probably why Bowie threw in  songs like \\"Soul Love,\\" \\"It Ain't Easy\\" and the great \\"Suffragette City\\"  that don't contribute to the theme of the album in any way.  The order of  the songs detracts from their sense - \\"Star\\" should appear very early, if  not first, in a linear story.  The words \\"Ziggy\\" and \\"Stardust\\" appear in  only one song each and never together.  The famed sexual ambiguity of the  album is only touched on in \\"Lady Stardust.\\"  <br />One certainty about  &quot;ZiggyStardust&quot; is that it was meant to end with \\"Rock `N Roll  Suicide.\\"  It's a terrific closer.  That's why the current EMI edition is  superior to the older Ryko edition, which included ill-placed \\"bonus\\"  songs.  It doesn't matter how good or bad any songs that might follow with  \\"Rock `N Roll Suicide\\" might be - they just shouldn't follow it.  A moment  of silence should follow it.  So you can take it all in.  And then play it  again.  At maximum volume.
B00000K3UR|4.0|I have a bone or two to pick with the film Big Daddy, and a few to pick with Adam Sandler. I really love all Sandler's movies, but unfortunately, this was a toal wrong turn, he was terrible, stupid and doesn't show his  natural comedic talent. And Dylan and Cole Sprouse show the worst child  performance I have ever seen. But still, the acting wouldn't really put  comedy fans off the hook, because this film is funny, enjoyable and clever.  I was suprised to see Steve Buscemi directing and not starring, as he would  of been perfect for Rob Schneiders role as the homy who likes  McDonalds.<br />Sonny (Sandler) is an irresponsible adult who is like a child.  But soon, he will become face-to-face with a REAL child when his girlfriend  makes him adopt young Julian (Sprouse kids) to prove her worthy. Will Sonny  be his normal lazy self, or will this kid show him real fun and the meaning  of having a good time?<br />Predicatable, silly, but overall fun and cool. See  it if you want bigs laughs and a small story. COOL.
0767849493|5.0|With maybe the exception of &quot;Clerks&quot;, &quot;Dogma&quot; is quite possibly Kevin Smith's best.  Honestly I don't usually like anything starring Ben Affleck or Matt Damon, but they did o.k. in this one.  Plus,  this flick is not only hilarious, but proves my theory that Alanis  Morrisette is God.
0385484518|5.0|This book is obviously not for everyone, as some of the other reviews testify. And those who don't like it, didn't enjoy it, they have their reasons. But to accuse the author of doing it for the money and fame is  silly. True, the book's market was already set up by Morrie's three  NIGHTLINE appearances on national TV, and I am sure the editor worked with  the author to bring in a tightly written, easy to read, powerful page  turner. That what this book is. Maybe more powerful than either the Old  Testament or the Newer Testament, Tuesdays has surely touched more people  than the Bible ever will! For this and this alone, Albom deserves high  praise for being more popular than Jesus, as the Beatles were. Morrie never  criticizes religion, but he goes beyond religion to the everyday realities  of life: live a life of love and true devotion. The critics of this book  are right -- it's a bit of a easy to read, page turner LIFE 101 intro  class. But look at how many people it has helped, just readin these 800 odd  reviews. And not only in the US: Tuesdays is a bestseller in Chinese in  Taiwan, where even the local translator of the book, gets fan mail! This  book will live on longer than all of us, and will be required reading in  LIFE 102 in the year 3000 too. Don't poke at Albom, he was just doing his  job. And he brought Morrie to life ... for the rest of us. If you spell  LOVE backwards, you get EVOL which is the beginning of EVOLUTION, which is  what life and love is all about. Chill out, ALbom naysayers, you  have a  point, but keep it down. If you are so smart, write your own book and see  how well it does in the market. Albom was not only lucky; he has heart and  soul and that's why the book did so well. Also, he must have had a very  good editor at his publishing company. He or she really knew how to take  this story and make it sing. Mitch was just a reporter; the editor was the  real power behind this book.
078322608X|5.0|I liked &quot;Twelve Monkeys&quot; for keeping me guessing about the story. The story is told from the point of view of person whose perception of reality is faulty. Crazy for want of a better word. This is well handled  and adds plot twists which enhance the entertaining aspects of the film.  The crux of the story is that the world has experienced a disease fatal to  humans which has driven society underground. John Cole is selected to go  out on the surface to collect samples for analysis and determine whether  the atmosphere is safe. He emerges out into a an abandoned city where  amongst other things he sees a sign with twelve monkeys painted on it. He  thinks little of it at the time and returns underground. There he is  debriefed and given a new task to travel back in time and stop the release  of the epidemic into the atmosphere. Nobody believes hes from the future  and anyway he is a demented mental state with violent tendencies. A  psychiatrist, Dr. Railly, played by the elegant Madelaine Stowe, who comes  to interview him, sees him as useful to her studies and she takes an  interest in his case. If you like a bit of irony in a story this film has  lots of it. As improbably as love blossoms between Railly and Cole so the  story of the twelve monkeys criss-crosses past, present and future. The  film builds to a thrilling if sad finish not without a ton of irony.
B000002UYZ|5.0|This collection of The Beatles is the best one I've heard. A wonderful series of early songs. This CD is great for Beatles lovers.
B00004RFCM|4.0|Having seen this program a few times on HBO I looked forward to the DVD.  This is a show that is geared towards women more than men although I enjoyed the program as much as my wife.  Since the show is now in its 4th  season I can't wait until the 2nd and 3rd searson are released.  I hope  that  next DVDs are more consistent as many of the episodes are grainy.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|okay, sorry for the weird title, but now that I got your attention, i just wanted to say that these guys are really talented.  O no.  I'm sounding like everyone else.  I hate when people do that.  Anyway, this Darren guy  has like a really nice voice but you hafta like soft pop and high notes and  weird mood swings to get this CD.  But try it. It's pretty cool.  Maybe  you'll get addicted like me and I'll have someone to drink my coffee with.
B000001GPX|5.0|What else can I say -- this is the one true desert island disc.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|okay, sorry for the weird title, but now that I got your attention, i just wanted to say that these guys are really talented.  O no.  I'm sounding like everyone else.  I hate when people do that.  Anyway, this Darren guy  has like a really nice voice but you hafta like soft pop and high notes and  weird mood swings to get this CD.  But try it. It's pretty cool.  Maybe  you'll get addicted like me and I'll have someone to drink my coffee with.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I have been waiting for this cd for a long time, and it was worth the wait. From the opening chord on guitar to the closing note from the air raid siren this album rocks.  If you are even a small Maiden fan get this  album.
0060263857|5.0|Charlotte's Web is about a pig named Wilbur and a spider namedCharlotte. Wilbur was born on one farm and was sold to another. Thenew people were going to kill him but, Charlotte thought of a way to save Wilbur. Wilbur was put in a contest at a fair because of what Charlotte was doing. You'll see other things that happens in the book. It is a good book, I give the book five stars.
0767836286|1.0|Then went totally downhill...  And without giving away too much of the ending, the climax is not the cause for this negative review.  <br />Instead, the problem with this film was the last 30 minutes.  The overall plot payed  dearly for it, and it ruined an otherwise well-made film.  <br />The plot  suffers many unrealistic events, not that I mind movies being unrealistic  sometimes, it's just with this type of film, the shock and suspense should  be coming from it's degree of realism.<br />Again, the last 30 minutes ruin  the film.  Not because of the ending or anything like that, but because of  how we come to this unorthodox ending.<br />The acting is quite good, but I  had to only give one star for the writer giving WAY too much credit to  these &quot;right-wing&quot; terrorist groups.  Sorry, they are just NOT  THAT GOOD.  They aren't quite as &quot;organized&quot; as you think, and I  believe it is the writer of this script that suffers the biggest paranoia  of all, not the audience it is targeted for.  <br />Oh yes, I know there are  certain hidden conspiracies out there in today's world (some, with which we  wouldn't even want to know about, and I'm positive of that), but the  Oklahoma City bombing was taken care of properly, and that is that.  No  hidden secrets, blah blah blah, you get the idea...  <br />A decent idea for a  movie, with a creative but at times silly plot twist.  Unfortunately, this  completey ruins the film, and it's a shame when a film that portrays an  interesting subject, with good acting, is ruined by an inconsistent plot  and an unrealistic climax.  <br />Nope, sorry guys, you didn't pull off the  BIG SURSPRISE you desired to achieve by the ending, but instead, made  yourself look like fools.  A film does not need a happy ending to be a good  or GREAT movie, but it does need some common sense, and a degree of realism  for it to work.  Especially in this genre.<br />For anyone that wants to see a  good movie with an unhappy ending, watch Chinatown with Jack Nicholson.   Great movie, sad ending.  This movie Arlington Road --- Decent first 90  minutes ---  Horrible last 30 minutes leading to a one star review from  this critic.  <br />Definitely a RENT, NOT A BUY DVD or video !
B000023X9W|5.0|Neil is one of the finest rock and rollers to withstand the test of time, he proved to us again he still has the magic it takes to produce classics. This is his finest work since Harvest, it equals Harvest Moon. This is an  instant classic. Keep them coming Neil.
0060196122|4.0|I finished the book a week ago and have thought about it often since.  At times, reading it, it did seem overexplicit and underprofound, and yet it certainly asks questions all of us should ask ourselves before living  another conventional day in conventional jobs and relationships carried on  in conventional ways.  In the end, although I felt the story could have  been more moving , I thought the message was a good one, and enough to  recommend the book.
0790737914|5.0|This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.  A superb script is backed up by excellent acting.  Aussie stars Guy Pearce and Russel Crowe give unbelieveable performances as two cops, Ed Eksley and Bud White,  respectively.  Eksley wants to do things how they are supposed to be done:  by the book, while White is capable of rewriting that book slightly.  Both  characters had exceptional depth and believeability.  <br />Spacey gives a  great show, as always, as Jack Vincennes, a cop more interested in the  Hollywood lifestyle than in being a good cop, that is until too many  coincidences having to do with the murder that is the main storyline start  showing up.  He then becomes a cop again, and remembers why he became a  cop.  I happen to be a huge Kevin Spacey fan, and this ranks up with his  roles in Usual Suspects and American Beauty as far as quality.<br />All the  other characters are excellent in supporting roles, from Kin Bassinger to  James Cromwell to all the other cops and criminals.  <br />In addition to  being a great drama, the movie climaxes with one of the greatest gunfights  I have ever seen.  It isn't the type where the bad guys can't hit a thing  and the good guys kill everyone with a single shot; the good guys get hit  and the bad guys sometimes don't die.  This adds an beneficial element of  action to an already great drama.<br />I would recommend this film to anyone  who enjoys classic film noirs, or to anyone who doesn't know what a film  noir is.  Anyone would enjoy this film.
0316777722|5.0|David Sedaris is a delight.  I was so happy when the latest book of his was delivered.  And I was not disappointed in the least.  I howled when I was ALONE and reading it, something I seldom do.  Things usually seem  funnier when people are around.
B000002MP2|5.0|before I got this cd, I thought that all modern music was terrible. I was only listening to boring oldies. Now, because of this my tastes in music have matured, and I now listen to pretty much all types of music. Buy this  cd, you wont regret it.
0812931017|4.0|I originally bought this book thinking it would be an interesting story of &quot;how to make a billion like Richard Branson did&quot;. It didn't turn out that way, because what I found while reading it was that you would need  to be another Richard Branson to replicate what he has done. However, I did  find it to be a fascinating tale of a man who has succeeded through hard  work, creativity, imagination and a true sense of &quot;doing the right  thing&quot;. He tells his tale with pride, but not arrogance. He also lets  his personality shine through in his writing, which is certainly a plus. I  would strongly recommend this book to anyone who wants to hear a compelling  tale from a unique character.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I have bever really liked rap, but Eminem has allowed me to tollerate it. Unlike the typical gang member rapper who TALKS about the same od thing every time, Eminem sends a message in his work. Each song becomes more and  more powerful, with the most moving being the song Stan. It  also contains  some very funny humor, which adds to the enjoyment. Although I dont think  this is good for kids, I stringly recomend this to any music fan. Buy it,  you wont regret it.
B00004T9UF|1.0|EMINEM HAS NO VERSATILITY AS A LYRICIST, AND THAT FACT IS EVIDENCED BY THIS ALBUM. HE HAS NO DEPTH, ITS ALL ABOUT SWEARING AND FUNNY LINES. THAT MAY BE ENOUGH TO SATISFY SOME PEOPLE, BUT NOT ME. ...s album might be disturbing but you can't deny that he produces  good songs. ... best songs I've heard in a while.  Kim and Stan are  probably the two most wacked out songs as far as what he's saying. But  that's the real slim shady.Oh yeah, by the way, don't be fooled by his new  song &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; his album is much darker than that  song, in a good way though.<br /> Shady wrote some of each song.In my opinion  the best song on the album is &quot;The Way I Am&quot; which is  written,produced,and mixed by Eminem.It's one of the less disturbing songs  and it's got a phat beat and well written lyrics. My only complaint is I  would have liked to see him do more producing since he shows in that song  he has the talent to do so.<br />.... <br />THIS  ALBUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I  know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.BUM IS ACTUALLY BETTER THAN HIS ORIGNAL(that doesn't even seem possible,I  know) BUY IT IT'S WORTH EVERY CENT.
B000002B35|5.0|As a rule, I don't go much for compilation albums. However, this double album, taken from a Floyd concert (and happily unflawed sound-wise) has a real life of its own. This remains true even though the tracks are all  taken from former albums which I love to listen to integrally. Often when  you hear a song out of its original album context, you miss the support it  derived from the pieces that went with it. This is particularly true of  bands like the Moody Blues, who made albums rather than just songs, and it  ought to be true of Pink Floyd. Yet &quot;Pulse&quot; works and it works  well; I find myself playing it more and more often with real pleasure, even  though I have most of the original albums on CD now as well. For me, it has  taken its place in the Floyd catalogue and is well worth owning. I wouldn't  buy it for the packaging alone, but I have to admit that's impressive also,  and somehow typical of the group.
0312867123|5.0|Another great one from the author CALCULATING GOD, although very different. This one's about whether we have free will, whether the future is fixed just as the past is or whether it can be changed. Sawyer seems to  like to start off with a bang, and this book is no exception. The opening  has an experiment go awry at a big physics accelerator in Europe (CERN),  and suddenly everyone on Earth is seeing what the future will be like. The  author wrings every possible permutation out of this premise while still  managing to stay focused on a small group of well drawn characters.  Provocative, interesting and fast paced.
B000002GFC|4.0|I find that I can only rarely appreciate an album of this kind as much as the originals from which it is made up. Of course, if you didn't own &quot;Disraeli Gears&quot; or &quot;Wheels of Fire&quot; in the 60s or 70s,  you almost have an advantage. Although I love the music of Cream as much  today as I did 30 years ago, I still hanker after those early albums (which  I don't have anymore) and I find that in spite of this excellent CD, I am  seeking out CD versions of the first works.<br />Another thing I am finding as  I put back together my long gone collection of albums from the 60s, is that  I'm the only one around here who seems to appreciate them! Yet even though  I listen to modern music (to some extent), I can't get away from the sounds  of groups like Traffic and Cream and so I'm being accused of listening to  my &quot;old music&quot; by all and sundry. But it sure still sounds good  to me, even by myself! This album is definitely worth buying as a first  listening album, but explore the original albums with their particular  make-up. It's worth it.
0743200799|5.0|In some many books about the US Space Program, the focus has been on the Astronauts.  This book gives you a great idea of what happened on the ground.  A very good read, written by a MCC a true Space Hero.
B000002GFC|4.0|I find that I can only rarely appreciate an album of this kind as much as the originals from which it is made up. Of course, if you didn't own &quot;Disraeli Gears&quot; or &quot;Wheels of Fire&quot; in the 60s or 70s,  you almost have an advantage. Although I love the music of Cream as much  today as I did 30 years ago, I still hanker after those early albums (which  I don't have anymore) and I find that in spite of this excellent CD, I am  seeking out CD versions of the first works.<br />Another thing I am finding as  I put back together my long gone collection of albums from the 60s, is that  I'm the only one around here who seems to appreciate them! Yet even though  I listen to modern music (to some extent), I can't get away from the sounds  of groups like Traffic and Cream and so I'm being accused of listening to  my &quot;old music&quot; by all and sundry. But it sure still sounds good  to me, even by myself! This album is definitely worth buying as a first  listening album, but explore the original albums with their particular  make-up. It's worth it.
0671004107|5.0|I saw the movie Contact, and I wanted to read the book.  Boy, this is a great book!   Much more detail and plot than the move (no kidding right!).   Once you start reading this book, you will not want to stop until you are  done.  It is not an overly technical book, but one everyone can read and  enjoy... you may even learn something about science and space!
B000002GQH|5.0|After an interval of nearly 30 years, I've once again got my hands on a copy of this magnificent album by a band that I find very hard to compare with any other. Like Midnight Oil, they have no real competitors, only  imitators. They were ahead of their time in the mid-60s and you can still  clearly see how far ahead that was, 35 years later. Of all the early  albums, this remains my favourite, although I am likely to play any of six  or seven others I now (happily) own (again).<br />I started building my CD  collection with Best of albums but there is nothing like the original  albums of the Moodys. I suspect that is going to be very much the case with  the Oils as well, although for subtly different reasons. Each album of the  Moody Blues was a work in itself, designed right down to the cover to  create a special and whole (maybe holistic?) effect. The Oils throw their  albums together differently, but it is still a question of energy, since  neither of these groups seems, at least at their peak, to have any excess  to burn off. It was all good.<br />If you even think you like the Moody Blues,  get this album without fail, but remember you'll have to get at least six  others afterwards. And what a pleasure that will be.
0062502182|5.0|I found this book by an accident whilst looking for The Alienist. This book changed my outlook on life and how to be truely happy. I found I was thinking of this book and it's philosophies with every decision I had to  make. Within one month of reading it I moved cities, met my future husband  and created my dream job of a lifetime from a temp position. Coincidence  you might say....I say read this short fable, THERE IS NO such thing as  COINCIDENCE.
0880794968|5.0|Choosing the proper deck is very personal and very important.  I collect decks and though I don't own them all, the Universal Waite is still my favorite as far as interpretation is concerned.  These cards speak to me.  This is an ideal deck because of its universal symbology.  The coloring  done by Mary-Hanson Roberts is very complimentary.  The artwork is soft;  not as startling and dated as the Rider Waite deck.  The cards do what they  are supposed to do: offer insight, yet, allow your intuition to take hold.   This is the deck for the beginner.
B000003TAR|5.0|The success of Nevermind must have been more of a shock to Kurt Cobain than anyone else. The hordes of &quot;fans&quot; lining up to purchase albums and tickets simply to be part of the &quot;in crowd&quot; must have  been disheartening to him. In Utero was an attempt by Cobain to whittle  down his audience, and if one happens to browse a used CD section, one can  tell that it has worked. Anyone who fell in love with Nevermind will  probably be instantly alienated by In Utero. The melodic pop tunes have  mostly disappeared except for a few bright spots such as  &quot;Dumb&quot;,&quot;Pennyroyal Tea&quot;, and &quot;All Apologies.&quot;  Instead, In Utero accentuates Nirvana's noiseiness, thanks to Steve Albini.  In other words, it's a good old fashioned punk rock record! Admittedly, the  album is a bit tedious, but it gets better with every listen. It's  gratifying to know that Nirvana went out on top. (Note: In addition to the  regular version of In Utero, an &quot;edited&quot; version was issued to  places like Wal Mart with the song title &quot;Rape Me&quot; changed to  &quot;Waif Me.&quot;)
6305627347|2.0|Apart from being a vehicle to bring the South Park kids to the big screen, the creaters of this film wanted to make a statement about free speech and censorship; thus, they intentionally attempted to make the film disgusting,  perverted, obscene, profane, blasphemous, offensive, crude, and naughty.   They succeeded.<br />It is also, at times, very, very funny.  But consider  yourself warned.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana's Nevermind is as much a classic album as Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon and The Eagles' Hotel California. Fusing a loud, searing punk roar with catchy pop melodies, Nevermind made Nirvana a household name.  From the breakthrough hit &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; to the eerie  &quot;Something In The Way&quot;, this album is a sheer delight. &quot;In  Bloom&quot; epitomizes their sound the best, with  catchy sing-song verses  juxtaposed with a raging, monolithic, deafening chorus. Another reason for  the success of Nevermind was Kurt Cobain's haunting narratives of teenage  insecurity. Even today, they still touch upon something deep within the  soul. And let us not forget the fierce rythym section of Dave Grohl and  Krist Novoselic. In conclusion, the band's success  was well deserved and  Cobain was a musical genius taken from us much too soon.
630575067X|1.0|Episode One, with its stunning visuals, is a thrill to look at.  Parts of it would have worked great as an IMAX show about visions of other planets.  <br />As a movie, and particularly as a Star Wars movie, though, it falls far  short.  This film, unlike its predecessors, falls into the sci-fi trap of  putting spectacle over story, special effects over character development.   Yes, it had a lot of hype and expectations to live up to, but storytelling  is still storytelling no matter what the medium and genre.<br />It pains me to  say it, but this particular Lucas installment is all flash and no Force.
0385484518|5.0|This book was given to me by my 24 year old son, &quot;Mom, you've got to read this&quot; What a blessing, not only this outstanding, wonderful book, but the knowledge that my &quot;youngest&quot; child has such a great  ability to judge that it was so special. It once again made me think of the  important things in LIFE. Don't be fooled by it's small size, it's packs an  incredible punch. I Loved it! &amp; Have passed it around to all my  friends.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I swear, Galaxy Quest is one of the finniest movies I have ever seen!   Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, and Tony Shalhoub do a wonderful job in this sci-fi comedy!  The special effects are unbelievable! The  picture and sound are superior! This DVD is loaded with extras! It contains  Production notes, Theatrical trailer, &quot;On Location In Space&quot;  feature, Deleted scenes, Cast and filmakers' bios, and the Thermian  language audio track! The quality of this DVD is unbelievable! You will not  be disappointed with this one. Well worth 50 stars!
B000001ELF|5.0|The second KISS record I ever heard, and it was the one that made me a loyal member of the KISS Army.  When Ace couldn't get his music out through KISS, he did it this way, and the results are awesome.  The instrumental  Fractured Mirror was a different piece from the rest of the record, and it  worked as a closer.  Rip It Out is explosive, and Ozone has one of the  sleaziest grooves I've ever heard.  If you want to see the Ace in makeup  standing on his own, pick this one up.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I am not a big fan of &quot;popular music&quot; like BSB, Nsync, etc...but I LOVE THIS CD!  This has got to be the best CD that I have ever listened to! I h ave no idea which song is my favorite. Affirmation is a great song.  I love the lyrics and how every sentence starts with &quot;I believe&quot;.  Crash and Burn is a real popular one which is also great. Of course there  is &quot;I knew I loved you before I met you&quot; which is beautiful.  Chained to you, The Animal Song, and The Best Thing are all great songs.  Two Beds and a Coffee Machine is such a sad song!  All of their songs have  such beautiful, meaningful lyrics and I love all of their songs. This is  definitly a CD that you do not want to miss, expessially if you liked their  last CD. I can't wait till they come out with another one!
6304696566|5.0|Often hailed as one of the greatest westerns ever made, but to me its more than that. In my opinion it must rank as one of the finest films ever, regardless of genre. Such superb directors as Spielberg, Scorosese and  Lukas has openly admitted to being deeply influenced by &quot;The  Searchers&quot;. As a matter of fact, the original &quot;Star Wars&quot;  bears some uncanny resemblance to &quot;The Searchers&quot;. This is  director Fords ultimate achievement and actor John Wayne gives the  performance of his life as the racist Ethan Edwards.  The camera work is  also breathtaking with its panoramic views of Monument Valley, so often an  uncredited &quot;star&quot; in Fords epics such as &quot;Stagecoach&quot;,  &quot;She Wore A Yellow Ribbon&quot; and, yes, &quot;The Searchers&quot;.
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run is the type of frenzied arthouse picture that just doesn't get made here in North America. That's really a shame because Run Lola Run is definitley one of the best movies of the year. From a cinematic point of  view &quot;Lola&quot; is one of the most creative and energetic films that  I have ever seen.<br />The plot revolves around Lola, a woman who has twenty  minutes to save her boyfriend's life from German gangsters. To do this she  must miraculously acquire 100,000 Marks. <br />The film is appropriately  titled as Lola really does run for practically the entire film. When she  does not succeed in saving her boyfriend the movie cuts back to the opening  sequence and the film plays out yet again in an entirely different fashion.  The central idea is that small variations in behaviour can change the  entire outcome of a situation. This idea was also explored in &quot;Sliding  Doors&quot;, unfortunately, with far more mixed results.<br />Eventually the  cycle repeats itself three times over the movies one hour twenty minute  screen time. Run Lola Run is just bubbling with creative ideas and really  is a stunning ride. The action never really lets up (except in a brief bed  scene) and is filmed in the kind of frenetic, crazy style that MTV would be  proud of. Lola is also extremely funny in many parts especially when the  film briefly delves into the future's of various small characters.<br />This  is a perfect little film that stands up to repeated viewings. It is smart,  entertaining and is something that is completely unique. Hollywood movies  rarely have those three qualities, this German one does.
0131103628|5.0|If you are going to be a C programmer, this book is for you. Tons of programmers already have it. Join everyone else for peer pressure reasons and for the usefulness of the book. It covers the basics you need to know. It doesn't contain everything. If you are going into advanced C  programming, get an advanced C book in addition to this one. END
B000003CMB|5.0|I RECOMEND BOTH THE FILLMORE EAST AND THE FILLMORE CONCERTS THERE IS MORE AWSOME TUNES ON FILLMORE CONCERTS AND STORMY MONDAY IS UNEDITED BUT THE ORIGINAL FILLMORE ALBUM SOUNDS BETTER THE GUITARS ARE MORE LOUDER AND THE  ORIGINAL JUST HAS A BETTER TONE BUT I WOULDENT SAY EITHER ONE IS BETTER  CAUSE THERE BOTH AWSOME
0783204914|2.0|I remember the hype about this film when first it came out, and that is what it was, hype. Pacino gives a good performance as the central character: a blind ex-officer who goes to New York to end his life in  style. However, this central solid performance is badly let down by the  support, namely Chris O'Donnell, who is wooden. He is the young Private  School boy (on a scholarship) with a moral dilemma who takes on the job of  &quot;Baby Sitting&quot; Pacino over a holiday weekend. He is dragged to  New York where he simps around, and eventually (how with his weakness of  character, can he mentally overpower Pacino?) saves the day. The joy of the  film is the little things, like Pacino's famous tango, and his frequent   exclaimations of &quot;Hoo-Ha!&quot;. Apart from O'Donnell's poor  performance there are only 2 other things wrong with this film: the  conclusion, which I shall not disclose, but which is feeble, and  O'Donnell's share of the script. The supporting cast are alright, and some  of them shine, but not brightly enough to shine out behind the over hanging  cloud of improbability and O'Donnell. I believe that most of the films  problems would have been hidden if it had developed at greater pace, and if  O'Donnell had been an actor with more character, his fresh facedness cannot  be over come. I am not an O'Donnell disliker by trade, but he does ruin  this movie, and it is a shame as the story is good for all its fairy tale  endings.
B000001FAS|5.0|eat a peach is awsome les bres in a minor is a masterpiese i love the beginning of that song . if you are looking for a mix of good toons that duane andf dicky got to play on,also there is some without but it is a  definite abb album
0783226063|3.0|Lynch's adaptation of Herbert's still amazing novel is actually as good as it can get for the big screen.  The regular version is a tighter movie, but the DVD should've had the extended Director's Cut as well.  The Director's  Cut includes some very good scenes that will make fans of the book more  satisfied with the movie.  O well.
B000002WYT|5.0|The DMB have been playing excellent music for years, and are certainly not done yet. With &quot;Crash,&quot; however, they reached their ultimate peak, and this album will definately go down as one of the best ever.  Dave's great voice is unmatched in both its sole and originality, and his  songs glow with a love of the music and of life. Boyd Tinsley shines as an  amazing violinist, and Leroi Moore is a groovin' sax that really adds a  spark to the music. Stefan Lessard and Carter Beauford play their roles  well, and Dave is an absolutely amazing guitar player, and should be placed  up their in the anals of great guitarists. Tim Reynolds is a great addition  on the tracks that he helps out on, and is comparable to Dave in the art of  guitar playing. Put all of these great artists together, and you have one  of the best groups ever assembled. They work so well with each other, every  instrument complementing the other, and the results are great, great music.  &quot;Crash&quot; reaches the pinnacle of their very original style of  music. From the great opening track,&quot;So Muchy to Say,&quot; to the  amazing &quot;Crash Into Me,&quot; to the wonderful &quot;sounthern  groove&quot; track &quot;Tripping Billies,&quot; this album blazes a trail  of incomparable quality.  It is not for people who go for  &quot;conformist&quot; music, because the DMB is certainly not that. What  other band do you know that is composed of a guitar, a bass, a drum, a  violin, and a sax?  That may be the best aspect of the DMB, they are one of  a kind, and the music reflects that. They are originators, and they should  be placed up there with the best of all time. Buy this album, trust me. You  will not be disappointed.
0425129586|2.0|i read this book because my aunt and cousin both liked Agatha Christie mysteries.  i ordered this book without telling either of them.  when i got the book, i told them both that i had gotten it.  they both said that it  was good until the ending.  well i read the book anyway, just to see what i  thought of it.  i was enjoying it very much and if i never had finished it,  i would have given it a five star review.  unfortunately, i did finish it.  i, like my aunt and cousin, HATED the end of the book.  i would have liked  it if the story hadn't had a bad ending.  while i recomend this book to  someone who likes bad endings, if you like a nice, happy ending STAY AWAY  FROM THIS BOOK. I HATE BAD ENDINGS.
B000001GOZ|5.0|Boy, do I have a lot of recordings of this symphony, perhaps my favorite in all of classical music (along with Mahler #4, #8, #10, Shostakovich #4, and Bruckner #8...and Rubbra #4!).  Everything works in this rendition and  this recording - tempo, detail, impact (the ONLY disappointing aspect to me  is the wimpy hammer blows - Barbirolli knew how they should sound).  Others  that I would put in this class are Tennstedt (studio, not live, which I  have yet to hear), Berstein on DG AND Sony, and Chailly - and maybe  Karajan).  I am impressed with most of Boulez' recent Mahler cycle, but I  think that this, along with #1, are his best so far.  This is essential  listening for all Mahler fans.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This is an awesome cd!  Song 7 is phat!  I was surprised because I didn't think his sophmore cd was going to be good but it rocked!  It has a bit more pop in it but it's for the best!
B00003CWOL|1.0|While Kevin Smith does an adequite job in steeping the movie with religious dogma (and for the most part keeping it legitimate) he loses himself somewhere along the plot line and turns what would be a thought  provoking look at church doctrine and turns the movie into something  reminiscent of a Zucker brothers movie (complete with uninspired fart  jokes.) Keep it mindless or keep it serious but the schitzophrenic nature  of this film does not do justice to the brilliant ideas Smith introduces to  us in the beginning of the film.  I give this film one star because as a  huge fan of Kevin Smith, I really hoped he could have done better.
B000002U84|5.0|This is one album that each song is amazing- a &quot;Perfect&quot; Album.<br />It contains the dance greats of &quot;Rio&quot;, &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot;, &quot;Hold Back the Rain&quot;, to the darkly romantic  &quot;The Chauffeur&quot;, and &quot;Save A Prayer&quot;<br />Yes, I know it  is considered an &quot;80's&quot; album with lots of flashy &quot;James  Bond&quot; videos to back it up, but those videos could not exsist without  the excellent writing and performing that went into these songs enabling  this great piece of work to endure into the new millennium. It is still all  that and a bag of chips.<br />**Side note: When this album was released it  contained a longer version of &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot; and a  different mix of &quot;Hold Back the Rain&quot;. If you want the true  &quot;Rio&quot; you can find these original mixes on the &quot;Essential  Duran Duran Night Versions&quot; album.<br />What are you waiting for? Buy  it!
6304119046|5.0|Welles' audacious technique intimidated many filmgoers in 1941 and apparently (judging from some of the negative reviews on this web site!) still does today.  But putting all the praise of the technique aside, the  fact remains that &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is one of the most entertaining  movies ever made.
0606183787|4.0|a young adult novel - not for ages 4-8 as suggested by [stated] reading level!
B00000K3UR|1.0|This movie had attempts at jokes that were even worse than the one atempted in the Truman Show!  This wasn't funny at all!  I wouldn't even recomend this to a die-hard Adam Sandler fan!  Do yourselves a favor and  rent the Waterboy or Happy Gilmore instead!
0684833395|5.0|I don't know what goes on in Joseph Heller's head, but it's cool. And funny as anything. I don't remember HOW many times I laughed out loud during the course of the novel...it was hilarious...the way Heller walks  himself into contradictions and paradoxes is highly amusing. There are a  great many characters, hard to keep track of, but most have a quirk which  helps identify them. And the amazing thing is, he keeps everything  straight. Little funny things he mentions seemingly offhand continue to pop  up later on in the novel. Yes, get out those horse chestnuts and crab  apples. The book is very funny.<br />Then, towards the end, the book develops  a heart. Bad things happen, and you feel bad. War is bad, and bad things  happen. Yet, Heller still manages to inject humor into these events,  including one of the funniest sequences, that of the chaplain and the  generals...the people in charge are the craziest of them all. You will  laugh out loud. You will sometimes feel bad for laughing (hence, black  comedy). But you will be happy you read this book.<br />It is highly  recommended.
B00001ZWTS|5.0|The script was brilliant!  The FX for the giant spider, in my opinion, were cartoonish and clunky, but still a great movie!
B000002JSN|5.0|Timeless music like this is impossible to find today.  This is the type of stuff that you never get tired of.  Definitely Zepp's best work.  &quot;In the Light,&quot; and &quot;Down by the Seaside&quot; will make you feel  things you've never felt before.  If you are curious about Led Zeppelin ...  you should start your collection with this one.  You won't be disapointed.
B00000K3UU|4.0|I recently purchased this disk expecting something great and was not dissapointed.  The plot has Sonny(Adam Sandler) taking care of a child(Julian).  While the movie is not all laughs it certainly has its  moments.  The extras on the DVD were adaquate to say the least.  The to  music videos were a welcomed addition along with the trailers, the making  of Big Daddy video and character bios.  All things considered unless you  absolutely despise Sandlers antics this will be a welcomed addition to your  collection.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|lets keep it short..if your a iron maiden fan and love the albums number of the beast-piece of mind-power slave-somewhere in time-7th son then buy this album,it has the reminence of all these albums on one!
630575067X|3.0|A big part of the success of the previous three episodes was the strong cast of characters which is a crucial thing for any movie regardless of the plot. What the new episode lacks big time are strong characters with their  individual idiosyncrasies. When you ask the question &quot;what are the  characters in Phantom Menace like?&quot;, the answer would not go beyond  &quot;kids and two text book Jedi knights&quot;. The inclusion of a strong  female character would have added a lot to the movie. One cannot help  wishing Natalie Portman matures fast enough for the remaining episodes...
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Reflective of the colossal dark sound of Seventh Son of the Seventh Son, Brave New World delivers a healthy dose of vintage Iron Maiden sound with an edge. This album sees the return of Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith to  the line-up...and they haven't lost a thing. From the classic unmistakeably  Maiden guitar instumentals to  Dickinson's banshee howl, any real Iron  Maiden fan should delight in this recording. <br />My only drawback (and a  slight one at that) is the shift to a heavier and slower sound. The  drumwork tends towards the simplistic and personally I would have enjoyed  alot more movement there. But Steve Harris is still galloping away on the  bass, the band is back together, and as a Maiden fan I couldn't be happier.  Up the Irons! I can't wait to see them on the road.
B00002NDB1|5.0|After my personal favorite X-Factor, I hoped that Maiden would continue the trend of more darker, almost gothic style of music. While I love Maiden past, present, and future, Virtual XI is one of my favorite albums, hands  down. Jsut about ever one of the songs I can listen to day in and day out.  Como Estas Amigo is my all time favorite. No question. The only problems I  could find is in The Educated Fool and Don't Look to the Eyes of a  Stranger. The Educated Fool is a masterpiece, but they repeat the  &quot;Time Will Flow, and I will follow.&quot; stanza WAY too often. Don't  Look to the Eyes of a Stranger is good, but when Blaze trails off then  comes back with a quick &quot;Don'tlooktotheeyesofastranger!&quot; it  doesn't really fit. I suggest this to anybody who likes real music, not  just Maiden fans.  And please, give Blaze a break!  He's a great singer.  His was the only talent in Wolfsbane. He's a great singer, so there.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is one of the finest Maiden albums since &quot;Seventh son of a seventh son&quot; and &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot;. The songs are  beautifuly melodic doing away with the previous radio-friendly style  characterizing &quot;Virtual XI&quot;. This album proves that Iron Maiden  has finally got back to its old style, showing that metal music can be  enjoying, melodic and at the same time hit smack hard through your  speakers. This album is also recomendable to non-Iron Maiden fans for it  truly shows metal music at its best.
B00000K19E|5.0|More than the movie, this DVD pack of The Matrix is amazingly good. The quality of the image and with the benefits of Digital Sound makes the experience of watching The Matrix on DVD unique. The intermission offered  on the Menu all the time, gives the real meaning of exclusive features on  the DVD. The &quot;Follow The Rabbit&quot; feature is a MUST SEE that let's  you check out during the movie how specific effects were made. I just hope  that Star Wars come out on DVD with all these benefits! :)
B000002HFU|5.0|Its almost impossible to explain what makes this album the masterpiece that it is.  Many people bought this album and dismissed it as a mess after two or three listens.  But, as with all classics, the finer qualities are  not revealed until you have really persevered.  The production is easily  the RZA's best work to date with each track complimenting the one that  follows.  In my opinion the song 'Snakes' represents the height of the  shaolin style of hip-hop that the Wu pioneered, while Tracks like 'Damage'  and 'The Stomp' reveal the ODB's true genius.  <br />All I can say is that  this album is an overlooked classic that must be owned AND LISTENED TO by  anybody with a real love for hip-hop.  There are a few albums that are  landmarks in Hip-Hip such as 'The Cronic', 'A nation of millions' and  'Illmatic'.  Return to the 36 chambers is one of these albums.
B00004RFCM|4.0|Sex and the City, on DVD, is wonderful. The enhanced features show a lot of time and effort put into the compilation of the series' first season. My only quibble is that some of the images/shots seem grainy, but for the most  part is reasonably great quality. The sound is excellent. I also wish that  each episode could have chapters to them, but c'est la vie on that one.  Overall, a great buy!
0783240503|3.0|I don't think any one ever tried to pass off _Joeseph_ as a really great show.  It is light, superficial entertainment that an entire family can enjoy, and there's nothing wrong with that.  However, when a production of  such a show is as ludicrous as this one, there is a problem.  First there  is the Assembly within a show concept.  Throughught the movie There are  these little pericriol school children who get up and clap after big  production numbers as if to say to us the viewers: &quot;That was supposed  to be impressive.&quot;  Sometimes, such as during &quot;Close Every Door  To Me&quot; they just start singing along holding candles that apparently  fell out of the sky (like most of the plot and story).  Other parts of the  movie are just cheesey.  The director tried to maintain most of the  elements of the recent stage production, which didn't transfer well to  film.  The performances, with the exception of Osmand's, play to the back  of the auditorium, not the camera that is right in their face.  Thus,  everyone looks phony.  If they wanted to preserve the elements of the stage  production, they should have just videotaped a live performance of the  stage production.  <br />There are some good things about this movie.  Osmand  is a pretty good Joeseph.  He brings the right level of fun and  wholesomeness to the role without overacting, looking fake, or appearing  maudlin.  Many of the musical numbers are generally entertaining, and the  cast is very good vocally.  The score isn't great, but its gimicky  production numbers and pop ballads fit the show well.  This show tries to  be family fun, and on many levels it is.  It is definately appropriate for  the whole family, and younger people (I'd say jr. high on down for girls,  5th grade on down for boys) will find it enjoyable.  Some parents may find  it cute and most will find it tolerable.  However, the bottom line is it  isn't that good.  As a family bonding expierience it works, other than that  it just doesn't.
0783117388|5.0|I have loved watching &quot;Sex and The City&quot; since its premiere episodes.  My girl friends and I never miss an episode! Monday mornings are always spent reviewing the episode from the night before, and it doesn't  matter if my friends and I have husbands, lovers, boyfriends, or nobody, we  have all been able to relate this show in our own experiences and lives.  It's a wonderfully funny, intelligent, and innventive series.  Men might  not think things like this really happen, or women talk about them like  this, but believe me they do.  Enjoy.
0393317552|4.0|An interesting analysis of history.  A little repetative at times.  The question that came to me as I finished this book: Just how relavant this is today?  Is geography and food production still an important factor in  cultural dominance or has Technology - especially Telecommunication and  Transportation technologies - negated or replaced these factors so  important to our past.
0671867369|5.0|Band of Brothers is a excellent book for all readers!  Everyone I have recommended it to have not put it down until it was finished!  It's the one book for anyone's WWII library.  It's one of the many great books Stephen  Ambrose has written!
B00000K19E|5.0|This was one of those movies that you had to watch more then once. The first time I just watched the movie for its special effects and its amazing action sequences. The second(and each subsequent viewing) I watched it to  abosorb the story and the philosophical aspects of the movie. Not only did  this movie provide eye popping special effects, it provided a very  digestable plot set in the not so far future. Keeanu Reeves was perfectly  cast in this movie because his character never seems to know what is going  on(just like Keeanu Reeves). I think Keeanu Reeves says it best:  &quot;Whoa!&quot;
B00002E233|2.0|Anyone who watches this movie will ultimately compare it to Jaws.  Given this, you would expect a better film since Jaws is a whole generation old.  Unfortunately this is not a better movie.  I wanted to enjoy Deep Blue Sea,  but couldn't get involved enough.  The character development is near  non-existent, the sharks while beautifully presented do not come across as  clever (as they did in Jaws) and the plot is simple.<br />With the success of  Jaws, the director presented himself with a huge challenge with DBS and  unfortunately failed.  What I believe we, the viewer, would like to see is  a clever battle between man and beast including characters well developed  (remember those in Jaws?).  The plot was too simple (go from A to B via X  obstacles).  <br />The biggest bonus was the extra features on DVD - while we  are in this transition phase (VHS to DVD) it seems that extra features are  exactly that - extra.  Anyone who includes them should be applauded to give  incentive to others.<br />My advice would be that you watch this movie before  buying.
B0000035E7|3.0|Bleach was the first full length Nirvana album.  This album was recorded before the days of Dave Grohl's power drumming, but it is still a good album.  This album can be described a down-tuned guitars crunching with  simple dynamics and good lyrics.  Kurt Cobain on this album uses many  singing voices between songs like Dive, About A Girl and Love Buzz, some of  the album's best songs.  About A Girl really shines through as a Beatlesque  melody and wonderful lyrics about Kurt's girlfriend who wanted him to get a  steady job.  This pre-grunge revolution will be welcomed by hardcore  Nirvana fans, but first timers should invest in classics like Nevermind and  In Utero.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is by far the best Iron Maiden album! It is hard hitting metal at its finest. All band members shine. Bruce Dickinson's voice is absolutely incredible. Steve Harris's basslines shine once again( the most underated  bass player of all time )! The guitar work is simply wonderful. A must have  for all Maiden fans. Every song is great. This is the only band that can  match Rush.
B00003CWQ2|3.0|I have heard many people calling this a great movie, and several people calling it a terrible move.  My own opinion:  It is an overlong movie.  There is about 20 minutes, where the fascist movement is growing where I  got up, &amp; without hitting pause on the video, nuked a bag of popcorn.  I figure the director put those twenty minutes in there for that  purpose--to encourage popcorn sales.  That seems horrible to say in a movie  that sings the praises of anarchy, but it is quite possibly the truth.  Otherwise Mr. Fincher could have used his talent as a music video director  to create a funny montage sequence in place of that moment of cinematic  redundancy. I asked my roommate if I had missed anything &amp; she told me  &quot;absolutely nothing.&quot;  What we have in this movie is another  variation on Quentin Tarantino's style.  Not a bad one.  There have  certainly been worse.  But variations on this theme have been done before  to greater effect in A Clockwork Orange and I felt stronger shock in the  finale of the also similarly themed Brazil.  Now the question for me  remains.  Do I buy a DVD which promises unsurpassed extras for a movie that  I found mediocre &amp; a little dull?  Will the extras make an average  movie worth including in my personal library?  Probably not.
B00000JG41|5.0|Talk about surreal.  The first time I heard anything from this album I was standing in the National Atomic Museum book and giftshop looking through new and used &quot;nuclear&quot; books, and in the background I hear  &quot;The Bionic Vapour Boy&quot;.  WHAT THE HECK IS THAT? my subconscious  inquires firmly.  I theorize that it must be some goofy experimental  soundtrack from the 1970s (because of that funky Clavinet).  My belief in  this theory is reinforced when the album segues into &quot;The Holy  Filament.&quot;  Obviously this is a bunch of wacky theatrical cues cobbled  together by bearded, long-haired mad geniuses dressed in inappropriately  out of date batik dyed t-shirts, taking a break from their regular regimen  of medication.<br />So after picking up a couple of entirely politically  incorrect items, I take my future purchases over to the counter, and as the  transaction is taking place, I ask, by the way, what's that music?   &quot;That's the new album from Mr. Bungle,&quot; the clerk says,  &quot;California.&quot;<br />Okay.  Well I guess my theories are discredited.   But they will give you the right idea anyway.  California is an assortment  of discontinuously constructed songs that appear to be the offspring of  highly inappropriate couplings between carnival calliopes, choirs, the  Beach Boys, Parliament, and let us not forget Frank Zappa.<br />You wouldn't  want to miss THAT, would you?<br />One thing for sure, there's not another one  like it.<br />Overall this is a relatively challenging album.  But when you  take into account its digression and whimsy on the one hand, and its sheer  technical virtuosity on the other, it winds up being the kind of  challenging album that you really ought to listen to.  And if you're  contemplating the history of the atom bomb, it also makes a pretty good  soundtrack for that.
B000002MTU|3.0|I used to love this album.  This is one of the albums that got me into the blues, and got me playing guitar.  I thought the guitar solos on Five Long Years and Someday After a While where the greatest, most passionate solos  ever recorded.  <br />Well, as time and experience has shown me, this album is  actually kinda boring if you have heard the original sources of where this  music came from.  Eric Clapton is a great guitar player, and an even better  song writer, but he is far from being one of the greatest traditional  electric bluesman, which is the subject of this album. <br />The work here is  timid, and lacking in emotional oomph that greats like Albert King, B.B.  King, Robert Johnson, Freddie King and others had.  I will give my hat off  to Mr. Clapton for introducing me to a lot of great music.  While this is  not a great blues CD, it is a fantastic introduction to a much deeper world  of music.  If you would like to get into the blues, this is not a bad place  to start.  If you are into the blues, go for the real deal.
B000002UKS|5.0|This album is something right out of Seattle.  On songs like Monkey Wrench, the albums first single, the band uses abrasive power chords with pop hooks and a massive drum sound to draw a crowd.  Other songs like  Everlong and My Hero, my personal favorite, are cut from the same mold with  catchy hooks.  Walking After You brings down the distortion to capture a  nice acoustic melody. If you like early ninties grunge with a slightly new  twist, this is a great record.
B00003CXAY|5.0|I have seen Koyaanisqatsi on laserdisc (Japanese pressing), and I can only imagine how beautiful it might be on DVD. I have been telling my parents they should see it and it's impossible to locate in local rental stores.  Please release it.
B000021Y77|5.0|Without a doubt this is the best movie released in 1999.  I am tempted to compare this movie to Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon.  Both retell the same story several times with variations, but there the comparison ends.  Kurosawa uses Rashomon to explore how truth is in the eye of the beholder,  while Run Lola Run, with its breathless pace, uses a video game conceit to  illustrate a metaphysical debate along the lines of if a butterfly flaps  its wings in China, will it rain in New York. In this case, when something  goes wrong, the character has the chance to hit the &quot;reset&quot;  button &amp; get a another chance to make it right, bumping into people or  narrowly missing them in her quest &amp; causing different fates for them  every time as well.  Something that should be able to satisfy both  art-house buffs &amp; action fans.  The extras on the DVD are fun.  I have  watched it subtitled mostly, but also dubbed, and, one night where I felt a  little silly, both dubbed &amp; subtitled.  Good commentary &amp; music  video, too.
B000000OPU|5.0|Although in my opinion So isn't the best of Gabriel's albums, it is one of his best.  It is also one of the best pop/rock albums of its time.  So is as close as Gabriel has come to an album of pop tunes--and that's still  only about half of the contents of the album.<br />Gabriel feels comfortable  with conventional instruments and arrangements on So.  A bit peculiar for a  man who eschewed metal in drum kits on one album, played steel guitar on  another, and used African folk songs and percussion in his music well  before Paul Simon did.  But in So he's not just content but enthusiastic in  his embrace of the Big Pop Sound (with a Big Nod to Motown), this time with  Daniel Lanois at the producer's helm.<br />There's no particular reason for me  to enumerate the songs on this album--you've heard most or all of them.   Collectors should know there are at least a dozen EPs and single CDs of  material from So, many of them containing interesting remixes or alternate  versions, as well as some material not on So itself.  You should also check  out the Laurie Anderson version of &quot;Excellent Birds&quot; (on Mister  Heartbreak)--personally, I think hers is better.
B000002J1U|5.0|Quite simply, if the Zep were a car, it'd undoubtedly be a big grunty v8. Sheer power and grunt with a tender soul.
6304913176|4.0|Here's something you don't see everyday. Hollywood takes a controversial book, dumbs it down in the name of political correctness, and it turns out to be a good idea.<br /> The book, &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is not my  favorite Heinlein novel. While I was impressed by the book's willingness to  present controversial opinions--I particularly liked it when Heinlein  justified capital punishment for the criminally insane. It has to give the  most hardened liberal pause for thought--I thought that the plot on which  Heinlein hung these opinions was mostly stuff I'd seen before.<br />When I  heard about the movie, I was curious to see if the film would be as  politically incorrect as the book. If so, I predicted there would be picket  lines outside the theaters. Well, it turns out the movie got away with this  by dispensing with much of the politics and treating what remained as  toungue-in-cheek.<br />Meanwhile they breathed a lot of life into the plot  making it into a special effects extravaganza.<br />The film may be less  intelligent then the book, but it is also funnier, more exciting, and  therefor better on a purely aesthetic level.
0345298349|4.0|The novel &quot;Gorky Park&quot; is an excellent portrayal of Soviet life under Communism.  Inspector  Arkady Renko is called to Moscow's Gorky Park to investigate three dead bodies.  He finds the KGB at the crime scene  disturbing the evidence.  Inspector Renko conducts his own investigation  which leads ultimately to America.  The Moscow Town Prosecutor, the KGB,  the FBI, and the NYPD interfere with his investigation.  Inspector Renko  doggedly continues his investigation despite these agencies'  interference.<br />Martin Cruz Smith has created strong characters.  Arkady  Renko, son of an Russian general, is the Chief Police Inspector of the  Moscow Town Prosecutor's office -- a post everyone agrees is beneath him.  Irina Asanova is a film wardrobe assistant who would do anything to leave  the Soviet Union.  J. D. Osborne is an American multimillionaire decorated  by the Soviets for World War II bravery.  These characters interact with  wonderful dialogue that contrasts the difference between life in Russia and  life in America -- a controlled dour existence versus the joy of freedom  and prosperity.<br />The author's strong characters and strong portrayal of  Soviet life under Communism elevate a good detective story into an  excellent novel.
B000002GF8|4.0|While the sound the band uses in this album (as in others) sounds somewhat dated in a few of the songs for the year 2000, most of the songs remain timely and fresh.  Synchronicity II and Every Breath You Take seem even  more powerful when listened to consecutively.  It makes you really wish for  a Police reunion.
014028009X|2.0|How could I resist a book with such rave reviews? Unfortunately, I didn't fall in line to be among those of you gushing over this novel.  After the first 50 odd pages I revisited the site and re-evaluated my interpretations  of customer's reviews.   Had I missed something?  Yes, there were a few  skeptics in the reviews and those that just did not &quot;get her&quot;.   Refusing to believe I am someone that can not &quot;get&quot; Bridget, I  perservered, determined to find that missing link that would catapult me  into a raving reviewer. Around the middle of the book I realized that it  had improved somewhat, but I had yet to have  huge guffaws, loud, raucous  laughter and the temptation to down a bottle of scotch and smoke a pack of  fags.(In America, that could be interpreted as something different  entirely.)  Bridgit is fun, and I can see her in most women, but I  continued to anticipate hilarity beyond belief.  In the end, I was relieved  for her and wished her much happiness and more laughs.  I do appreciate  that she thrilled so many of the readers out there.  When I get that kind  of response from a book, I can not help but feel ecstatic.That is why we  read, to anticipate that possiblility that the next book will edge itself  into that category of being so excellent one is moved to exhult it's  success.  I almost have to laugh at myself, for I have a  &quot;Bridget&quot; type comment to make.. I feel nearly guilty that I do  not agree with most of the customer reviewers that this was the one of the  best books I have ever read.  It simply was not.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Pearl Jam has long outgrown the angst-filled songs that made them &quot;mainstream&quot; 10 years ago.   While many critics point to declining sales as evidence that Pearl Jam's music &quot;isn't as good as  it used to be,&quot; I think the guys of Pearl Jam are just hitting their  stride.  Pearl Jam of today is NOT the Pearl Jam of 'Alive' and 'Jeremy.'   Fans who are waiting for another Ten can keep on waiting - its never going  to happen.  Binaural is an album which demonstrates the direction the band  has been pursuing since &quot;No Code.&quot;  PJ put a lot of work into  this album, and it shows through.  The songs flow together more smoothly  than any release to date.  The overall sound is mellow by previous  standards, but still hauntingly powerful.  The album opens with  &quot;Breakerfall,&quot; a solid rocker which shows the influence of The  Who during their heyday.  &quot;God's Dice&quot; is a favorite of anyone  looking for a hard rocking song.  &quot;Evacuation&quot; is probably my  least favorite track on the album because of its repetitive chorus, but it  is by no means unlistenable.  It concludes the set of three hard rocking  songs that open the album.  &quot;Light Years&quot; is popular among  listeners who like &quot;Wishlist&quot; and &quot;Black.&quot;  This is an  emotionally powerful song about death and coping.  &quot;Nothing as It  Seems,&quot; the first single, shows the influence of Pink Floyd.  It is  rather musically complex and features an amazing solo by McCready.  After  that, the album is solid Pearl Jam goodness.  Its one of those albums you  can just put on and listen to, without skipping song to song....they're all  good.  I highly recommend it, even though I don't have time to go through  all the songs right now.  Trust me.  Buy it.
6302719631|4.0|I read the reviews on here and wondered if watching this movie would be worth my time.  I've read all the Jane Austin novels and enjoy watching the movies based on them, so I decided to rent Northanger Abbey from the  library.  I was delighted and laughting from the start all the way to the  end!  I thought it would be hard for a movie to capture the humor that Jane  Austin wrote her story with, but I think this movie did it.  I even had to  watch it again the next day and still loved it.  Granted, it might not be  entirely accurate to the story (though they did fairly well), but the solid  acting and the humor of seeing life through the heroine's horror-romantic  viewpoint made this movie well-worth watching.
B00003CX5A|2.0|Tim Burton's adaptation of the Irving classic is one of the most stylish and best-looking films to come out of 1999.  Unfortunately, it suffers from a lackluster screenplay.<br />Moody and dark, the film establishes the menace  and mystery of the Headless Horseman right off the bat.  Johnny Depp is  exiled to Sleepy Hollow from the big city, where his unorthodox techniques  have ruffled the feathers of his superiors, in order to solve the murders  committed by the Horseman.  Christina Ricci looks pretty, but doesn't do  much else, the town elders are all pretty much the same cardboard cut-outs,  and the Horseman continues to add to the body count.  Too bad the action is  all aimless, as the real star of the movie is Burton's atmosphere.  Any  movie requiring the villain to expound for 5 minutes at the end to explain  the whole plot did not have enough of a plot to get made into a feature in  the first place.<br />Rent it to say you rented it and saw Tim Burton's  mastery at creating a world, and then promptly forget this mindless movie.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Oh boy.  Yet another band full of angry people (or at least people acting very angry because it's &quot;cool&quot; to have a  negative attitude), with a lead singer that screams obscenities instead of sings, instrumental  parts that more resemble the sounds of construction work than music, the  obligatory scary picture and parental advisory sticker on the front, and an  overbearingly bleak and extremely pessimistic worldview.<br />I play piano,  drums and guitar, and don't think I'm all that great, but I feel like my  musical skills are pretty darn good when I listen to utter rubbish like  this.  And in the space of 30 years, we've gone from &quot;And in the end,  the love you take is equal to the love you make&quot; to...whatever this  is.  I'm guessing these guys are seriously PO'd about something.   Yep...rich and PO'd.  Seems to be the norm these days.  Sorry, I just can't  share the mad-at-everything outlook of these sorts of bands.
B000002MQ9|5.0|From the very first track, Anywhere out of the world, Brendan Perry and  Lisa Gerrard lead you on a dark and depressing tour of the worlds problems.  This is just my interperetation of the lyrics, but I think the album  concentrates on the fact that this planet is very slowly going to hell, so  you had better enjoy the beauty in it before it's gone.  This album is not  as complex as some, and is not as refined as some of their later works  (Towards the within), but it touches my soul on some level that the others  do not.  The other album like this one (perhaps it is a follow-up) is  Spleen and Ideal.  If you like ambient goth.  Try this.  If you like  mellodic, calm, soothing music that is easy to work out to, or make love  to, this is it.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|I was fortunate enough to be blessed with an advance copy of Iron Maiden's BRAVE NEW WORLD. I must admit feeling very apprehensive before pushing 'play'; recent maiden releases have fallen short of the songs of  yesteryear. Less than two songs in, I was magically teleported back to my  days of high school. The smells of day-old pizza and the feeling of the  cold school bus seat beneath me came back before the closing notes of  &quot;Wicker Man&quot;. But enough of my nostalgiac ravings! The point is,  Iron Maiden has returned. Hopefully to aid in the rescue of the music scene  which has, in my view, lost a part of its soul with the close of the 80's.  Adrian Smith has returned to make maiden a six-piece and no one's style  crowds the other. The music posesses the strength that made classics such  as &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot; and &quot;Powerslave&quot; cornerstones of  1980's metal. Granted, Bruce can't hit the notes as he used to, but the  unmistakable howl is still there and &quot;BRAVE NEW WORLD&quot; is sure to  win back some old fans if not gain some new ones.
0767830555|5.0|Taxi Driver is one of those rare mainstream horror movies, dark and sinister, ominous and threatening.  The mind of Travis Bickle is fierce and frightening, the loneliness omniprescent.  The performances are amazing in  this film, Robert DeNiro, looking very young, is incredible.  Cybil Shepard  is an odd fixture, and her role is never adequately explained.  Some may  find that annoying, but it adds a bit of thought from the viewer, which  really makes the movie interesting.  The special edition is wonderful, the  hour long documentary is inciteful and well worth having.  A real keeper,  and one that can be watched many many times, each time the viewer brings  something new.  It is incredibly violent &lt;take a look at the stills in  the documentary of the tracking scene with the intense color&gt; and  slightly explotative (which is understandable before Mean Streets, Scorsese  did Boxcar Bertha for Coreman) but like Silence of the Lambs, the  explotation aspect is one in keeping with the tone and feel of the movie.
B000002IZM|5.0|For years I would walk into music retailers hoping to come across this album. It was one of my holy grails.  Now it is one of my favourites (definitely a favourite &quot;thinking&quot; CD). Some might question the  inclusion of a few tracks on this CD, that on one level seem to stand out  abruptly from the others. However I believe that this officially released  soundtrack is like the movie in that it captures the images of a world  influenced by a variety of cultures and ages. The soundtrack takes you back  there, back to Los Angeles in 2019.  From the soaring and dark landscape  (&quot;Main titles&quot;), the amalgamation of so many cultures  (&quot;Tales of the Future&quot; &amp; &quot;Damask Rose&quot;), the  influences from simpler (and cleaner) ages long ago (&quot;One More Kiss  Dear&quot;), to the final moving words of Roy that make us question what it  means to be human (&quot;Tears in Rain&quot;).   This is in my top 3  Soundtrack albums.  A wonderful piece of work.  Don't be put off by the  synthesized version released a few years earlier to stave off the hunger of  fans. This recording has depth and passion. This has a richness that  resonates throughout your body and mind. More importantly this is the real  deal. I highly recommend it. The only question now is - will Vangelis bring  himself to re-release the earlier 'limited edition private release' that  posseses such gems as the &quot;The Prodigal Son Brings Death&quot;, so  lacking from this official release? Please sir, I want some more?  A double  CD would do nicely *nudge-nudge, wink-wink*
6305627347|4.0|I just have to say one thing: I did not find this movie offensive and I am a Canadian Jewish woman!  I think that a lot of people who think that minority groups will be offended by this film are missing much of the  satire (and not just the &quot;everyone gets made fun of&quot; part).  When  Cartman teases Kyle about being Jewish, Cartman is the one who looks silly;  the army's racist bent (operation &quot;get behind the darkie&quot;) pokes  fun at them, not chef and company, the victims of said racism; when the  Canadians get blamed, bombed and teased (the foreign minister's  &quot;aboot&quot; speech is a classic), its the Americans who look like  buffoons.  Ultimately, if you _are_ offended by this clever little film,  you just might be one of the small-minded, censorship-loving ignorant jerks  it so brilliantly exposes.  Granted, it lends itself to being championed by  beer-swilling fratboys taken in by the &quot;ohmigodcursingcartoons&quot;  factor, but who cares?  If you like the show or even if you don't, see this  movie.  It's ten times better.
0380788624|5.0|Large books engender both fear and anticipation. Fear that one has bought a verbose crock, and anticipation that delight and wonderment may occur. Cryptonomicon is the latter all the way. Its characters are bizarre but  fascinating, its view of technology innovative and its plot rich and  complex. Best of all is its weave of the mid-century global war into the  computerised present day world without dwelling on the events between,  driving the reader to see how the world arrived where it is today. A  Classic; all my family and several friends enjoyed it without exception.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Wow! this album puts off more energy and feeling then a 200 watt lighbulb.  Eminem has released another fat album that pours out honesty and emotion, and makes you think about his past.  It surpasses Slim Shady LP and then  some!  It's a must have item..get it!
B00004T9UF|4.0|I exepected this album to be like most of the other sophomore products in  the rap game: Worst than the first.  Well I was dead wrong.  &quot;Stan&quot; would agree with me that Eminem did a much better job on  this album than he did on &quot;The Slim Shady&quot;. Most songs are very  dark but great and he attempts to let everyone who didn't get it the first  time that that's &quot;The way I am&quot;. He won't change, he will keep on  being Eminem, just like Tupac kept on being Tupac, no matter how hard they  criticize him. Let's see how the public react to his sophomore soon-to-be  classic!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|With the return of Adrian Smith AND Bruce Dickinson, one might expect Maiden to be back at full power. That expectation would be right on the money. Brave New World takes up right where Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son  left off--if not in a bit more heavy fashion. Everything that an old-time  Maiden fan could want is there--with the definite plus of this recording  not sounding like a mere re-hashing of their trademarks. It's a great,  solid album that requires a full listen for the full effect. Can you say  that about ANYTHING you've heard lately? The real Iron Maiden (finally!)  delivers again.
B000002GGO|5.0|Simple Minds were never better than on this CD.  Everything prior was a buildup to this and everything after was a disappointment.  If you want the definitive Simple Minds CD, &quot;Sparkle in the Rain&quot; is it.  Easily  one of the best albums of the past two decades if not the entire rock and  roll era.
B00004TLMC|5.0|If you're expecting a typical Hollywood picture, this isn't the one for you. It's a Kubrick film. Almost all of Kubrick's movies are masterpieces and this is no exception. This is an excellent film, if you understand what  Stanley Kubrik was trying to do. Look at the title! This is a dream, but  taking place in reality. Sometimes it seems the film doesn't move fast  enough. The slow scene where she (Nicole Kidman) and he (Tom Cruise) are in  the bedroom smoking hashish is one of the most incredible jobs of acting  I've ever seen. And listen to the soundtrack--it's great! I believe that  this is by far the best movie Stanley Kubrick ever did and possibly (why  not?) the greatest movie ever made.
B0000009OP|5.0|Boredom hurts, and Morphine is definitely the cure for pain; a smoky, dark band, Morphine weaves a sound that is not easily categorized as rock or blues.  Instead, a drummer, saxophonist, and 2-string slide bassist/singer  create something of a sensory deprivation-tank of sound, not unlike the  pleasant stupor associated with their namesake drug, and in the process,  invite us into a dark recess of sound.<br />The album is bold, driving, and  dark, with blasting saxophone-riffs and sonorous bass.  Mark Sandman's  lyrics are deceptively simple, yet artfully performed, his voice a dark  mournful bass. The saxophone is sometimes raw, sometimes polished, and I  didn't know until I caught a concert, but sometimes the saxophonist plays  TWO horns at once.<br />With this album, Morphine gives us some well-executed  cuts, and is a great album as-a-whole.  My favorite song on this album  &quot;In Spite of Me&quot; is atypical of Morphine's style with Sandman  singing in a half-whisper over a delicate mandolin-sound, but the rest of  the album is enjoyable and delivers a potent dose of some really good  music.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Why are these teenagers addicted to Britney Spears, 'N Sync, and this other overproduced stuff that has nothing but some other guy's lyrics?  Is that what teen society is coming to?  I hope not, but so many of them are  buying up these CD's of weak beats and childish lyrics that's its getting  out of hand.  Why don't Britney and the other boy groups write their own  stuff for once?  They might try singing about something else besides broken  hearts and the tired subject of love that their writers and producers keep  wanting them to sing about over and over.  It's sad that Spears tries a  cover of &quot;Satisfaction (I Can't Get No)&quot; by the Rolling Stones as  if she is some type of rock icon.  She's nothing and hopefully she will  fade soon, maybe go to college, or just hide somewhere.  That would be the  best thing she could do right now.
B00000DC10|5.0|Okay, first off: I am NOT a punk person! I actually never liked it at all! Hardcore, yes; punk, NO! But after I heard &quot;New Noise&quot; on our local undergound station, I said &quot;Hey, this is great!&quot; THEN I  bought the album! THE SHAPE OF PUNK TO COME is NOT punk, hardcore,  noisecore, or any variation! It's a beast unto itself! I have never heard a  &quot;punk&quot; album that's so varied and intriguing! If you think Crass  and Sham 69 are punk, I have 2 letters and one punctuation for you: HA!  THIS is revolutionary music for the masses! If you only buy one album this  year, make it this! (Oh yeah, International &lt;Noise&gt; Conspiracy, which  the members formed after the Refused disbanded, is also worthwhile!)
B00000J7J4|3.0|I say its about time Carlos Santana won a few Grammy Awards, unfortunately he won them for all the wrong reasons. This year's Grammy show is a classic  example of how incessant touting and non-stop hype can move those who  should know better to vote for something that is undeserving simply because  it is the popular or expected thing to do. But then music of merit rarely  wins a Grammy or anything else. Why was Santana not previously selected for  much stronger efforts? Is it just &quot;his turn&quot; as it was for Bob  Dole with the Republicans?Was it sympathy for past omissions as it was  several years back for Eric Clapton? (He should have been selected in the  days of Cream!) I don't pretend to understand the obvious politics of  Grammy Award selection, but I do not think this album deserved even one.  Supernatural is not a bad album, but for once I agree with the professional  critic that most of the best songs on the album are those that play to the  strengths of Santana's unmistakeable traditional style. My favorites are  African Bamba, Corazon Espinado, El Farol and the commercial yet undeniably  catchy Smooth. Back in the 1970s, a number of artists pandered to the disco  crowd and soon slid into obscurity.Now we have artists trying to act hip  pandering to the rap crowd. Santana doesn't need to do that and he should  not have done so on this album. The result of his few flirtations with rap  is laughable.Those who are new to Santana will likely forgive the  forgettable songs on this album and concentrate on the good ones. Those who  like traditional Santana may discover that they've been sucked in to buying  a mediocre album by all the hype.
0783217048|2.0|Okay.. when you look at the cover for this movie..you must be thinking &quot;i would watch this because? &quot;... And I thought that too when my two friends and I saw it at the video store... But it was there.. and we  just HAD to watch it.. It looked so stupid lol.. And we watched it.. and  for some reason.. We would laugh at everything... Maybe we were acting  stupid.. but it was a fun experience.. and we STILL watch it ocasionally...  because for some reason.. we can't stop laughing.. I think its one of those  silly movies that you got to get a group of your close friends and watch  it.. But I dont recommend it if you are searching for a serious, oscar  worthy movie lol.. Just to make new memories... And after your done  watching it.. you can think &quot;WHAT DID I JUST WATCH? &quot;
B00000K0DT|2.0|I'll say something good first: the dialog in this movie is good, and generally well-delivered.<br />The plot, however, is ridiculously contrived.<br />Furthermore, this movie's claim to fame is its  &quot;amazing&quot; plot twist.  I have news for all of you who consider  what happens in this movie to be a plot twist:<br />THERE IS A DIFFERENCE  BETWEEN PLOT TWISTS AND NONSEQUITORS.<br />Once the purported &quot;plot  twist&quot; occurred, the entire movie to that point no longer made any  sense whatsoever.<br />In a real plot twist, everything up to the point of the  twist is explainable given the twist - you just probably wouldn't have  thought of the explanation beforehand.  With this &quot;plot twist&quot;,  you have to actively ignore the &quot;twist&quot; when thinking about the  parts of the movie before it occurred, unless you really don't care that  they're no longer sensible.
6304493681|5.0|This has to be the best anime I've ever watched, along with Perfect Blue. Both keep you on the edge of your seat. I can't watch it enough. Ghost in the Shell is the absolutely a great movie to start your collection or for  someone whose been at it for a long time. I think everyone should see this,  the graphics are great. The plot is wonderful. I just can say enough good  stuff about it.
B00000099Y|5.0|I have owned this CD since it first came out, I thought it was great.  After listening to it for several years it is still the best cd I own, but it is really more.  <br />The subject matter on some of the songs are straight  forward, but some of the tracks are quite deep and require much in depth  study to really understand what is being said.  You of course don't have to  go this far into it, but after listening to it several times you get to  wonder what the meaning is.  <br />For example the song &quot;46 and 2&quot;,  this song has to to with the evolution of the human experience and the  evolution from human beings entering the next dimension or &quot;Christ  Consciousness&quot; in which they will have 46 and 2 chromosomes.  (Currently, we have 44 and 2.) This is the third level of five of  consciousness.  If you go to their home page the band lists books that will  help expand your mind and life.<br />Now some people are put off by the music  that are not songs, but I repeat these are not songs and this isn't  conventional music, it is an experience.  An experience to open your mind  and make you question what is really going on in our world.
B000009ED0|5.0|I must admit, I felt guilty about liking this CD when I first heard it. As an avid lover of rock and hater of rap, I wasn't sure if Kid Rock was going to cut it. But after listening to it a couple of times, I quickly realized  that this guy is awesome! Kid Rock has since become one of my favorite  performers. This CD has everything to keep both rockers and rappers happy,  not to mention that it sounds great in a sound system!  Heavy bass tunes  really light this album up. A definite recommendation. Kid Rock rules.
0671004107|3.0|I'm glad I saw the film first.  <br />I read the book to find details missing from the movie, and I was somewhat disappointed.  The text lacked the excitement that I expected, and the writing was long-winded at times.  Not  enough hard SF details for me.
0140186395|5.0|The plot of East of Eden is massive yet similar to a soap opera and has many characters which might be confusing to those who aren't used to those type of books. but if you can stick with it youll find it is an addicting  book and its well written. This is a great classic book and I recommend it  if you are willing to tackle a tough but wonderful book
B0000024TQ|5.0|Great album! I heard this for the first time when I was a kid in Kentucky. It's amazing that these guys still don't record together, as they're much better together than apart.<br />Who can argue with lyrics like &quot;wish I  was a Kellogs cornflake, floating in my bowl making  movies?&quot;<br />Wonderful, time capsule stuff.
B000002ADT|5.0|this album &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; is way more than good. there is no words that can tell you how good this album is. just listen to it and you will fall in love with it right away. &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; is  considered by some as the best jazz album ever made. i agree with that  statement. you just put it on and listen. there is no need to fast  foreward. this is a very good buy.
0790735954|5.0|The best kubrick to date, bring back private piles
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney holds both the #3 position for most sales in a week overall and #1 for most sales for a female album in one week. But is it really worth it. Is this album worth the 1.3 million one week sales figures. Let's see if  the songs back up the sales.<br />Track 1 (Oops! I did it Again)- This is the  title track and overall I gave it a 3. It sounds just like &quot;Baby One  More Time&quot; which is a definite no no in the industry. One time is  enough. The thing that really messes up this song is the mocking of  Titanic. Really childish. The first time I heard this sound I thought it  was okay but now she needs a  new hit. It's getting annoying.<br />Track 2  (Stronger)- Good song with a new sound. Kinda techno with a sing and stop  thing going on. This song basically says that she is invincible. She can  take take the negative comments. They can't knock her down, but they can  make her &quot;Stronger&quot;. Cute.<br />Track 3 (Don't Go Knockin' On My  Door)- This is really a new sound. More urban and hip-hop like. One of the  best songs on the CD (I Believe). Could be better.<br />Track 4 (I Can't Get  No Satisfaction)- Okay. So she decided to cover a classic that she  shouldn't have. Her vocals on this song are terrible for something  amplified. This suppose to be a single of the album. Can't wait to see this  one.<br />Track 5 (Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know)- This was written by Mutt  Lange &amp; Shania Twain. Personally I think it would've been better if it  was made for Shania. But Britney did good on this song. Her vocals aren't  the best but she carries the song out really well.<br />Track 6 (What U See Is  What U Get)- Good song. Definitely about the talk going on about her. She  saying if you don't like her deal with it and move on. Don't try to change  her cause she can only be herself. Vocals are good and the tune is one of  the best I've heard.<br />Track 7 (Lucky)- MY favorite song. Reminds me of  &quot;Sometimes&quot;. Really nice vocals and overalltune. This sound I  believe is about her. Everyone says that she has it all and is very happy.  This sound says something is missing and bringing her tears.<br />     That's  all I'm gonna review. I'll leave the rest of the songs up to you to judge.  Overall, this is a good CD and is a whole lot better than the first. There  is no doubt in my mine that this album will be a smash hit but mostly due  to her fans. Not the music even though it gives some help. I'd buy it even  if you only somewhat like Britney. It's not a waste of money. That just my  opinion though. Let me know what you think about it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I would have to say that I like this CD better than her first. The first was good but I like the harder beats and it sounds more edgy all around. &quot;Oops!&quot; is my favorite song. &quot;Stronger&quot; is a really  good song. She shows the low and high sides of her voice in this song and  it's really cool how low she goes! &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To  Know&quot; is my favorite slow song. Shania Twain and her husband wrote it  so, it's a nice ballad. &quot;What U See&quot; is the second best song. It  sounds a little like &quot;Oops!&quot;. And, finally, &quot;Can't Make You  Love Me&quot; would be another one of my faves. All in all, I recommend it.
078322818X|5.0|&quot;American Graffiti&quot; is so great because it is a movie that doesnt age. Its simply timeless. Teens of today can relate to this motion picture just as well as they could 27 years ago when this movie was  released. &quot;American Graffiti&quot; is a nostalgic movie that will  bring viewers back to the happy days of America, even if you weren't even  alive yet. Another great thing about this movie is that it was the start  independent film in America. This movie introduced to the world a bold new  un-orthodoxed style in film making.With no one main character, and a story  for each charactar, this movie had influences on movies such as &quot;Dazed  and Confused&quot; and &quot;Fast Times at Ridgemont High&quot;   And it  has a great soundtrack.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers certainly have matured since they first started out, way back in the 80's, going from a rock band whose albums featured the Parental Advisory label to a slower, cooler alternative group.  Thier new  CD is by far their best, featuring the hits Scar Tissure and Otherside, one  of my favorites.  They mix slow, moody melodies with great lyrics.  All the  songs on this CD are good, but Otherside really stands out.  When I first  heard Scar Tissue, I thought they were alright, but when I heard Otherside  on the radio, i went out and got his album.  If you like bands like Green  Day and Lit, I really suggest this CD.
B00000IMCU|5.0|I cant get enough of this movie. Its got everything a horror movie should have and more. Its got awesome monsters (even though it is very low budget). Its very gorey. And its also kind of funny too. Before I saw  &quot;Dawn of The Dead&quot; I thought zombie movies were all the same and  had no story line. &quot;Dawn of The Dead&quot; shut me up fast. Not only  is it action packed but it has alot of hidden messages in it too. Its very  psycological and makes you think. &quot;Dawn of The Dead&quot; is far  beyond some one dimensional slasher flick; it is and intense, versatile,  roller coaster of zombies,blood,and violence.
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run was most definitely the alternative hit movie of 1999. While many movies were excellent in the past year, this stood head and shoulders above most of them. A little, comparatively low budget film, its director  Tom Tykwer (with his meaningful, if not literal, film debut) and strangely  intriguing star (Franke Potente) draw you into a world of possibilties, 3  possible possibilities to be exact.<br />While Lola (Potente) spends three 20  minute sections of the movie running, frenetically rushing about to save  her boyfriend Manni's (Moritz Bleibtreu) life, the movie shifts from  tripped out cuts to animated interludes all to a pulsating techno  soundtrack. The viewer is taken along with Lola to experience her choices,  even the most subtle, and how they affect not only the outcome but also the  world around her. Woven into it, however, are Lola and Manni's life  together and throughout the film, bits of their psyches can be pieced  together to discover their very realistic relationship. The way Tykwer  incorporated character development into three 20 minute hyper-paced acts is  brilliant.<br />Run Lola Run is definitely a star film of 1999. It deserves to  be seen on the big screen, but the DVD or VHS widescreen would be  acceptable substitutes, as certain things are lost to the pan &amp; scan  cropping. Make sure to steer clear of the dubbed version; even those of you  who hate subtitles will thank yourselves.
B00003CWHS|5.0|Demons, explosions, and violence. Thats what makes this movie so damn awesome. Compared to its predaseccors the &quot;Evil Dead&quot; movies &quot;Army of Darkness&quot; looks like an oscar calliber movie. With great  monsters and awesome fights, this movie is like watching heavy metal music.  This movie is hardcore and chalk full of monsters and demons. Anyone who  says this movie is corny is just scared of the fact that they know how damn  good this movie is.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|I wish I could have given this album 4 and half stars but alas that was not available.  I have been a long time maiden fan and this album is incredible as always, and it has many positives.<br />1. The production is the  best I have ever heard on a maiden album. Especially Nicko's Drums 2. Its  more progressive, Maiden has two 9 minute songs on this album.   3. This  album seems to have the best song writing since Number of the Beast. 4. The  best Tracks are &quot;The Silent Planet&quot; &quot;The Mercanary&quot;  &quot;Ghost and the Navigator&quot; and &quot;Wickerman&quot;<br />Here are my  complaints. <br />1. Lacking Diversity!  They wont go out of Aeolian mode to  save themselves.  The only song in which they do switch to the Phyrigian  Mode is &quot;Nomad&quot;.  I love Maiden, they are my favorite band, but  they have beaten the 1-3-7 chord changes into the ground. 2. Lyrically it  can be kind of incoherent at times.   <br />I still love the Album and Maiden  has not sold out yet so UP THE IRONS to all you Maiden Heads out there!
B00003003R|2.0|When I heard that a new Guns N' Roses live album was coming out, I was pshyced. I own every album. I have heard about the power of GNR in concert. I was hoping this album would accuratly represent it. I was wrong. Right  off the start I knew it was a little weird when Matt Sorum was listed as an  additional musicain, while Dizzy (in my opinion,GNR does not even need a  keyboard) is listed as part of the band. This only further showcases Axl's  biased views of past band memebers. Another definite dowside to it was that  the liner notes did not list where, when, and what lineup recorded the  songs (although it wasn't hard to tell what songs were preformed omn the  Use Your Illusion tours only for the fact that you caould hear Dizzy  playing congoes on the Material From Appetite). Some people might also find  the fact that the guitars are tracked to each speaker respectivly(even  during the solos). I was generally disappointed when Axl sang that terrible  Black Sabbath song(only showing his ambitions that led to the breakup of  the old lineup). I found that if you are an Illusion fan you will be  satisfied by the inclusion of November Rain and Estranged(although Civil  War was sorely missed). Appetite fans will be pleased too, with a healthy  serving of old material (My Michelle). This may sound good, but Axl has  certainly picked some odd versions of songs, many of them from the Illusion  tour. I am also not a fan of all the back up musicains(I mean c'mon, Gnr is  a blues based hard rock band) If you want classic GNR, stick to the  original albums.
B000001FFR|5.0|SPREADING THE DISEASE is Anthrax' finest hour.  From the near-thrash of &quot;A.I.R.&quot; to the grinding riffs and hooks of &quot;Madhouse,&quot; to the all-out Speed Metal of &quot;Gung-Ho,&quot; SPREADING THE DISEASE in  an unrelenting classic.  Joey Belladonna lends the album something their  debut lacked - a strong sense of melody to go with the grinding power.  Anthrax never really tried to return to this style, and although most of  their material that followed was very good, they still haven't matched this  album's quality or consistency (although SOUND OF WHITE NOISE came close).  Not a Speed Metal album, STD is still a very heavy &quot;Power Metal&quot;  album.  And a GREAT one at that.  -(And if you like this one, I also  recommend Armored Saint's SYMBOL OF SALVATION and Flotsam And Jetsam's  CUATRO and HIGH CD's)
B00003003R|2.0|When I heard that a new Guns N' Roses live album was coming out, I was pshyced. I own every album. I have heard about the power of GNR in concert. I was hoping this album would accuratly represent it. I was wrong. Right  off the start I knew it was a little weird when Matt Sorum was listed as an  additional musicain, while Dizzy (in my opinion,GNR does not even need a  keyboard) is listed as part of the band. This only further showcases Axl's  biased views of past band memebers. Another definite dowside to it was that  the liner notes did not list where, when, and what lineup recorded the  songs (although it wasn't hard to tell what songs were preformed omn the  Use Your Illusion tours only for the fact that you caould hear Dizzy  playing congoes on the Material From Appetite). Some people might also find  the fact that the guitars are tracked to each speaker respectivly(even  during the solos). I was generally disappointed when Axl sang that terrible  Black Sabbath song(only showing his ambitions that led to the breakup of  the old lineup). I found that if you are an Illusion fan you will be  satisfied by the inclusion of November Rain and Estranged(although Civil  War was sorely missed). Appetite fans will be pleased too, with a healthy  serving of old material (My Michelle). This may sound good, but Axl has  certainly picked some odd versions of songs, many of them from the Illusion  tour. I am also not a fan of all the back up musicains(I mean c'mon, Gnr is  a blues based hard rock band) If you want calssic GNR, stick to the  original albums.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|For most MAIDEN fans this album has been an eight-year wait.  Vocalist Bruce Dickinson returns to the band, as does guitarist Adrian Smith, and both make their presences felt on BRAVE NEW WORLD.  As much as most fans  expected (or hoped) BNW to be a return to the POWERSLAVE and PIECE OF MIND  style, it only gets part of the way there.  BNW takes from the style of  VIRTUAL XI (and, to a lesser degree, THE X FACTOR) just as much as  POWERSLAVE and PIECE OF MIND, giving it a more progressive feel than early  to mid 80's era MAIDEN had.  Heavier than either of the last two studio  albums, BRAVE NEW WORLD will satisfy most MAIDEN fans, but might leave  those who did not like SEVENTH SON a little cold.  The album gives  occasional nods to late 90's style hard music, but make no mistake, this is  an IRON MAIDEN album, and an uncompromising one at that.  BNW is filled  with A LOT of tempo changes, mood changes, dynamic changes, stylistic  changes, etc, and features 4 songs over seven minutes in length (and three  more over six minutes long).  Some riffs are even reminiscent of their  KILLERS era material.  But is it good?  Oh, HELL YEAH!  ...(And it grows  on you.  A lot.)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This CD rocks and thanks to Iron Maiden for getting back together. The music is as great as it was back in the 80's and Iron Maiden shows why they are still the best Heavy Metal band in the world.
6305291489|3.0|At first I asked myself if the world needed another remake of a Disney classic, but after numerous viewings on the Disney channel and finally buying the DVD, I'm now sure; IT DOES!In my opinion, this movie is superior  to the original.Although I love Brian Keith, I still think Dennis Quaid was  a great cast as the father of the separated twins who come together at a  summer camp. The movie is full of subtle in jokes, such as one daughter  named Hallie (Hayley Mills played the original twin), and the twins  whistling &quot;lets Get Together&quot; every once in awhile, which of  course Mills made famous as a song from the original movie! The mother,  Natasha Richardson is also well cast, almost reminding me of the goofy Meg  Ryan in roles such as You've Got Mail and Sleepless in Seattle!I think that  this version has more tender and sincere moments than the original, while  side stepping the sappiness that sometimes pervades Disney outings!This is  a nice family movie which anyone can enjoy. And seeing the woman that  played Quaid's domestic makes me long for her sitcom to make its return to  TV.
B00004RF97|5.0|I watch this movie when I need to be reminded of the beauty of humanity -- it showcases human emotion in a dignified and honest manner through witty, refined dialouge, w/o resorting to violence or vulgarity.  The charcters  are precious creatures beautifully portrayed by a breathtaking cast.  I  have seen other productions of this story, all gone ary because of lack of  charisma -- after all, who can top Katherine, Cary and James all at the top  of their game.  This movie is and shall perhaps always be my favorite  becasue it relies on good old fashion techniques to produce a quality  entertainment experience.
0553565915|4.0|I am grateful that Betty Eadie has shared her Near Death Experience with all of us.  This book is wonderful documentation of her experience while being &quot;dead.&quot;  Actually, this book shows us that we do not, in  fact, die.  Read Betty's words and understand that our existence goes on  and love is the only thing that ultimately matters.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Than 525 (current number of reviews) times 5 stars IS a lotta stars. This album rock`n'rules.
B00004T9VY|5.0|It's heartening to see Yusuf Islam again taking an interest in Cat Stevens. Islam must realize just how much albums like this and TEASER AND THE FIRECAT, CATCH BULL AT FOUR, et. al. mean to so many of us. He has  supervised the digital remastering of this wonderful music, and the result  is crystal-clear sound that highlights the sensitive acoustic arrangements  of his beautiful compositions. Indeed, this is an album first and foremost  of amazing songs. The single &quot;Wild World&quot; (a pleasant enough  ditty akin to Stevens' pre-stardom tunes like &quot;Here Comes My  Baby&quot; and &quot;The First Cut Is The Deepest) is in fact one of the  album's weaker cuts, paling in comparison todeeply-felt personal anthems  like &quot;Miles From Nowhere&quot; and &quot;On the Road to Find  Out&quot;, or the gently poetic protestations of &quot;Where Do the  Children Play?&quot; and the deeply moving &quot;Father and Son&quot;.
B000002J03|5.0|This band is so good I heard a remix of Babe Im Goona Leave You from Zeppelin I the other night at a rave club.  While everyone is entitled to there own opinion sooner or later the facts take over. Best band of alltime  Zep II is a great album. They may be over played on radio and some of the  groups lesser played songs go unheard, however if you dont buy Zep II  you&quot;ll probaly hear it on the radio.
B00004STPT|5.0|The music for Gladiator is quite different from the film it most closely resembles: The Fall of the Roman Empire. There is no splashy theme music or love music (as was fitting for scenes between Stephen Boyd and Sophia Loren). Nor does the music seek to express the grandeur of Rome as Miklos Roza did in &quot;Ben-Hur.&quot; Instead, the music for Gladiator sets the mood of the film. Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard have created stirring and elegiac music to fit the tragic story of Maximus. The recreation of the Colosseum is fabulous to behold but the story is what is important, not the effects. <br />For me, the music evokes the characters of the film, as the best film music does. I found no traces of Gustav Holst's &quot;Mars&quot; in &quot;The Battle&quot; but when first encountering this music (and not knowing where it was from or who had written it), I thought it sounded like the work of a British composer (albeit Britten or Bantok, not Holst). Fortunately, Mr. Zimmer did not quote directly from the score of The Planets (as Bill Conti did for &quot;The Right Stuff,&quot; which still won him an Oscar) for as much as it may have worked an original touch was needed to convey the spirit of the film. <br />I had not heard of Lisa Gerrard prior to Gladiator. My first impression was that the middle-eastern sound did not contribute well to a film set in the Roman Empire. However, on second hearing, I think Ms. Gerrard's music sets the mood of the film, particularly in &quot;Elysium&quot; and &quot;Honor Him,&quot; very well. Her contribution to the music is very effective and haunting. <br />In sum, this is an outstanding score, and if you were moved by the film you will not be disappointed by the music.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Who would have thought that after the decline of metal in the '90s, Maiden would release their best album ever here in the year 2000.  From &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; through the incredible &quot;The Thin Line Between Love  and Hate&quot;, Maiden takes us on a musical and visionary journey through  time and space.  Stand-outs on this CD tend to be the longer songs;  &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;, &quot;Dream Of Mirrors&quot;, &quot;The  Nomad&quot; and &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot; are all masterpieces.   &quot;The Mercenary&quot; and &quot;The Fallen Angel&quot; are in-your-face  Maiden classics.  Although the running time is 67 minutes, this CD flies by  at an incredible pace. Obviously a must have for all Maiden fans, but also  for anyone who enjoys music that moves you physically and emotionally.
6305350205|1.0|This movie was so ridiculously bad.  Shatner attempts to be philosophical, writing a script in which the crew of the Enterprise visits &quot;God&quot;, who, for some reason, confines himself in some forsaken  region of the galaxy.  At one point &quot;God&quot; asks the crew if he  could borrow the spacecraft so he could leave the forsaken place.  The crew  are suspicious, &quot;What would GOD want to do with a spaceship?&quot;.   That's how deep this movie is.
B00004RFFM|1.0|Let me get straight to the point.<br />It's so amusing how theytry to make a big climatic scene at the end like Jaws, only to makethe biggest anti-climax in cenema history.<br />I have never witnessed such terrible acting. The blonde guy speaks so quietly you can't hear a word that he says throughout the entire movie and he can't act to save himself from drowning.<br />The computer generated sharks look real but they don't act it. They start to do totally unrealistic things.<br />Everything together just makes a really bad movie<br />LL Cool J shouldn't (well mabey should) give-up his day job to turn actor. He at least atempts to be humorous.<br />The most frustrating thing about this movie is that the story could have been quite good.<br />People are farming genetically modified sharks for medical reasons. That's about the only belivable part of the story.<br />The farm is in the middle of an ocean, slap-bang in the center of a hurrican belt. That is just asking for trouble, and it comes.<br />Oh, and the computer generated sharks are well done.<br />For hardcore shark fanatics and LL Cool J fans only. Totall mindless garbage.
B000001ES4|4.0|On a par with their first album, it has to be a tie.  It is like a cross between classical music, haunting celtic melodies, and some tune that you would swear that you have heard before but can't remember when.  I find  that many of their songs seem to take me to a place in time I have never  been and stir something that I can not place - like a dream forgotten upon  waking.
B000002LLC|5.0|I like every track on this album.  It is good to hear Madonna do something like this.  It shows off her voice better than do most of her other albums.  She really does have an intriguing voice.  My favorite track is  &quot;Something To Remember&quot;  but I also like &quot;He's A Man&quot;  and &quot;Hanky Panky&quot;.  Of course, this is the album that gave the  world &quot;Vogue&quot;.  And it does stand the test of time, along with  everything else on this album.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album scares me. I can say that very honestly. However, it's definitely necessary to portray this part of life and the scenarios that  Eminem portrays in his highly interesting songs are painted so well that it  brings chills to the listener. Em's main thing is to offend, and he does so  a lot more on this album than on the other. I don't agree with his opinions  (although he is always contradicting them so I don't even know if they are  his opinions) and that shows what an amazing artist he is. I can listen to  his album, be offended, and listen to it again. Here are the tracks:  1.PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT 2000: A skit similar to the opening of his  last album. 2.KILL YOU: He starts off with a bang, and about a million  gruesome threats. luckly, he's just playin' and the chorus where the beats  &quot;drop&quot; is really cool. 3.STAN (ft. Dido): This is probably the  best song on the album. The subject matter (an obsessive fan) is intriguing  and very, very sad. The lyrics are amazing and Dido's haunting voice suits  this song incredibly well. 4.PAUL: This is a really short skit. Not much to  say about it. 5.WHO KNEW: I love this song. It's really upbeat and catchy  and shows Eminem's skills. It's cool how he stands up for his music.  6.STEVE BERMAN: A funny, short skit. 7.THE WAY I AM: One of the highlights.  It kinda has a gothic sound to it and the rapping has a unique style to it.  8.THE REAL SLIM SHADY: Another highlight. Everyone's heard this song. It's  really good and really catchy. 9.REMEMBER ME?(ft. RBX &amp; Sticky Fingaz):  One of the album's low points. The guests sound really stupid and the song  is not as good as the rest of the songs. Probably the worst on the album.  10.I'M BACK: This is a really cool mellow song. Em makes up for the last  song with the cool rapping and lyrics. 11.MARSHALL MATHERS: Probably the  most offensive song on the album. The subject matter is really not needed  but the chorus and song make up for it. 12.KEN KANIFF:A funny skit.  13.DRUG BALLAD: Eminem's &quot;love song&quot; is really upbeat and has a  cool chorus with a woman singing in the background. 13.AMITYVILLE (ft.  Bizarre): This is a creepy shout-rap song with a really cool/depressing  chorus. 14.B**** PLEASE II (ft. Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Xzibit &amp; Nate  Dogg): This is a highlight. This is the only song on the album where the  guests actually contribute something good to a track. If you like Dr. Dre's  album, you'll like this song. 15.KIM: A prelude to &quot;Bonnie &amp;  Clyde&quot;, this song is really horrifying. The way that Eminem raps on  this and his choice of words is just chilling. 16.UNDER THE INFLUENCE (ft.  D-12): This is a really cool song. Really funny and catchy. 17.CRIMINAL: I  love how Eminem shouts &quot;criminal&quot; in this song. He's not really  defending himself that well, but, it's a good song anyway.             ~ no  lyrics included.
B000002HH9|5.0|I liked this album.  Many hard-core Cure fans did not.  Maybe they didn't like the maturing sound, but I did.  The album starts out kind of psychedelic with &quot;Want&quot; and &quot;Club America&quot; but then  settles into a what I think is a classic Cure sound, but more mature.  My  favorite track is &quot;Numb&quot;; it is a powerful and emotional track.   I also really liked &quot;Mint Car&quot; and &quot;Round &amp; Round &amp;  Round&quot;.<br />No one stays the same.  Everyone grows and hopefully  matures.  When a band sticks together for many years, I would hope that  their sound would grow and mature as the band members do.  This album has  proven to me that the band has grown and I like the results.
0553278223|1.0|The book Martian Chronicals by Ray Bradbury is ,if not the worst, one of the worst books   I have ever read.  Not only was the plot poorly developed, but the words used were used poorly.  Certainly one of the worst  examples of writing that I have seen. Ray Bradbury has never been my  favorite author but this book was simply horid. It was not only graphic but  also inappropriate for people under the age of 18. It was also offensive to  people between the ages of 22 and 93.  If I could I would give this book 0  stars. This book was definitely a turn off to reading.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This is a great film although the story barely resembles the book (thank God because Mark Twain trashed the book.) The film was shot in the Great Smokey Mountains of North Carolina in the Pisgah National Forest near  Asheville, one of the few last stands of virgin woods on the East Coast.<br />The setting of the story is upstate New York in the 1700's. In those  days, European settlers migrated to America and moved into the interior  wilderness where they settled, built homes and farms, and fell in love with  each other. In some cases, they fell in love with native American Indians.  The people of Appalachia are descended from them (Cherokee, Scots-Irish,  Welsh, English, Dutch and German).<br />The story centers on the lives of two  women, the Munro sisters (Scottish descent)and the men in their immediate  circle. They are connected to British officers including Duncan who wishes  to marry Cora Munro. Later in the film, they become involved with a rugged  trio of Americans -- an Indian father and his two sons. One son (Hawkeye,  played by DDL)was an orphan white boy adopted by his father Chingichgook.<br />At the time of the story, the French and English are at war--again!  This time the two European powers are fighting over the future of  &quot;their colonies&quot; in North America. The local folk mostly want to  be left alone, but still retain some loyalty to the British and when asked  to fight the French they enlist.  Not Hawkeye and his family. These men get  caught up in the war only when they rescue the two Munro sisters and Duncan  from some really bad Indians led by Wes Studi (&quot;Dances With  Wolves&quot;).<br />The differences between the &quot;Director's cut&quot;  DVD and the lazer and VCR: The &quot;Director's cut&quot; reinstates film  edited to make the theatrical release fit the movie house agenda of 1.5  hours (turnover)-- so, it's a longer film. The new material includes more  footage showing the British soldier Duncan fighting heroically at the fort  the French eventually capture, and a much longer spiel at the end of the  film by Chingichgook as he prays over his dead son.  If you liked the film  mainly for the musical score, you may be disappointed by the DVD because  the score has been reshaped. The Director says he thought it was too  &quot;cloying&quot; so he removed it. I am speaking specifically of the  vocalization (&quot;I Will Find You&quot;) that plays when Hawkeye follows  Cora and tries to rescue her.<br />Otherwise, it's a stunning film, shot in a  stunning location and although the DVD can't match the picture on the big  screen it plays well on the small screen.y at the fort  the French eventually capture, and a much longer spiel at the end of the  film by Chingichgook as he prays over his dead son.  If you liked the film  mainly for the musical score, you may be disappointed by the DVD because  the score has been reshaped. The Director says he thought it was too  &quot;cloying&quot; so he removed it. I am speaking specifically of the  vocalization (&quot;I Will Find You&quot;) that plays when Hawkeye follows  Cora and tries to rescue her.<br />Otherwise, it's a stunning film, shot in a  stunning location and although the DVD can't match the picture on the big  screen it plays well on the small screen.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This CD shows the growth of Eminem as a talanted lyricist. Most artists fail to top their debut alblum, but this sophomore release from Eminem is an exception to that saying. I really enjoy the beats as well as the  lyrics..This CD is definitely a must buy.
0141301074|5.0|This book report isabout the Twits.It's the funniest book ever!The book is about a married couple called the Twits.Mr. Twit has a big moustache and keeps food crumbs in it. Mrs.Twit
0425170349|5.0|I have always liked Tom Clancy's writing style and choice of subject but this book takes the cake!   Rainbow Six is one of the best novels I have read and I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the  covert operations of the world's governments.
6305892946|5.0|I don't relly like the first ones. This is better.
0380973642|3.0|... myself through the book.<br />This is the first of Neil's books that I'm reading.  This book is a collection of his short stories and a few of which I find quite creative, such as &quot;Changes&quot; and &quot;The White  Road&quot;.  The story in the prologue meant to be a wedding gift got me  pretty hyped about the rest of the book.<br />I am not a fan of werewolf  stories, and his shots at a couple didn't win me over.  I'd failed to  appreciate &quot;The Goldfish pool and other stories&quot;, which I think  dragged for too long.  I'm left with about 80 pages of the book and I'm no  longer interested in reading more.<br />I feel that some of the stories needed  to be further developed, such as &quot;One life, furnished in early  Moorcock&quot;, which left me wondering, what is the story going on about?   Such was also the sentiment for the above mentioned &quot;Goldfish&quot;  story.<br />Chill factor, pretty low, but I think the characters must have  slipped into my subconscious, for I had a couple of spooky dreams after I  read the books before going to sleep.  Read this in your spare time only.
B00004T9UF|5.0|When Eminem's first CD, &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; came out, I'll be the first to admit that I didn't give it any attention.  I saw Eminem as a comedian trying to be a rapper because of the &quot;My Name Is&quot; video.   Once I saw the videos for &quot;Guilty Conscience&quot; and &quot;Role  Model&quot;, I realized that Eminem had skills.  On Funkmaster Flex and Big  Kap's &quot;The Tunnel&quot; CD, Eminem and Dr. Dre had one of the tightest  songs on there, &quot;If I Get Locked Up&quot;.  What finally got me, were  the two songs  that Eminem was featured on Dr. Dre's &quot;Chronic  2001&quot;: &quot;What's The Difference&quot; and &quot;Forgot About  Dre&quot;.  I decided that when &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; came  out that I would get it on the first day.  Eminem has developed a clever  niche in the hip hop game.  He has skills, but he finds ways to talk about  past misfortunes, his current situation, and today's hottest pop singers  all in one verse without missing a beat.  The best songs on Eminem's CD are  when Dr. Dre and Mel-Man are behind the boards.  &quot;Kill You&quot;,  &quot;I'm Back&quot;, &quot;Who Knew&quot; and the slammin' &quot;B Please  2&quot; w/Dr. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit &amp; Nate Dogg are all examples of this.  Other highlights include &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;,  and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;.  The stand out track on the CD, however,  has to be &quot;Stan&quot; w/Dido.  In this song Eminem tells a classic  tale of an obsessed fan that is demanding his attention.  As each verse  goes on you can feel the rage of the fan through Eminem's words.  On the  fourth and final verse, Eminem tries to straighten Stan out before it's too  late.  Although, Mr. &quot;Slim Shady&quot; isn't for everybody, this is  and will be a classic CD.
B00004NRUM|5.0|This album is an amazingly potent description of the alienation brought on by modern life. Hypocrisy, child abuse, and the difficulties of connecting emotionally after enduring all of that are brilliantly portrayed in the  lyrics. The music sweeps from one track to another in true concept-album  style. Especially impressive is the band's command of the energy of the  music- soft, mellodic passages give way to crashing chords at exactly the  right time to match the emotional progression of the songs.<br />Although I  haven't heard Marillion.com yet, this is easily the best work they've done  prior to that album.
6303481272|5.0|Ninja scroll is one of the best animation movies that i've seen so far. This is old but as old as it is it still holds up to a lot of new videos thats out now. The fighting scenes, story line, plot, and everything else  is on point. This movie starts out with a ninja named jubei who comes  across this gang on the bridge who tries to rob him. Jubei plays it cool  and kills them all in almost one blow without even breaking a sweat. The  funny part was one of the gang members was a miget but was on stilts  covered by a robe til jubei cut him down to size. After this he hooks up  with a female ninja named kangero. Together they go on a mission to find  the monster who is responsible for all the deaths taking over their  homeland. All the main enemy's and good guys have some kind of special  power. A good example is Jubei with his lightening speed moves and the boss  who is able to re-incarnate himself. This is only a sample of whats to  really come in this movie. The enemeys that they will come across will  leave u speechless and for some..u might not be able to take some of the  scenes..they should have labeled this (Parental advisory)...yeah it's that  graphic!<br />In the end this is one anime movie you can't miss. It might be a  cartoon...but it's more graphic and on point than some motion pictures out  now. If you buy any animation film this year....buy this one. <br />It will  keep you on the edge. <br />get it!
B000002UZ4|5.0|It's just loaded with enjoyable pop music.  You'll love &quot;west end girls&quot; &quot;you were always on my mind&quot; &quot;and &quot;left to my own devices.&quot;  I especially enjoy the soft ballad  &quot;jealousy.&quot;  It's not meant to be a &quot;deep&quot; CD but it  will uplift your mood for sure.  I have other CD's that I consider my fave  over this one (for different reasons), but if I had to be stranded in an  island for a long time I would take this one along because it just feels so  new each and every time I listen to it + it's fun. It's refreshing.  So go  out and buy it.  You'll have no regrets.
0465068359|4.0|&quot;The Forgotten Halocaust&quot; is an extremely appropriate subtitle for this book, and I am shocked that I had never heard of these events before picking up this book.  Even moreso because there are so many books  written, both fiction and nonfiction, about the Jewish Halocaust, and I  have never so much as heard a word about the Japanese invasion of China.   Indeed, few people know of Japan's role previous to the bombing of Pearl  Harbor despite the influence that it held over China.  It is frightening to  contemplate the nature of man which leads him to both commit the crime and  deny its occurrence.  Iris Chang has taken a bold step towards finding the  truth, and the importance of her work can not be overstated.  <br />I found  this book to be a well-researched work that should be read by anyone who  seeks to know the truth about what happened during WWII.  It is  well-written and neatly structured, and I appreciated her use of various  viewpoints to give the reader a more well-rounded and accurate view of  events.  Her explicit descriptions of the atrocities that took place  highlight the need for this story to be told.<br />I urge anyone who has never  heard of the Rape of Nanking to read this book, if only that it may not be  forgotten.  Although I especially connected to Chang's message due to my  Chinese heritage, I feel that her book has more long-reaching implications  about the very nature of man when subjected to a certain type of  environment.  It is an important work which will hopefully pave the way for  future research and inquiry into what took place in China during WWII.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I listen to this cd non stop since I bought it. All the songs are wonderful !  if, like me, you buy it at first because of &quot;here with me&quot; from Roswell, you're not going to be disappointed in the rest of  the cd as my favorites are now &quot;Hunter&quot; and &quot;take my  hand&quot;. don't hesitate, buy it now, this is the best cd I've ever had  !
B000001GBJ|5.0|I love this music. I had never heard of this duo before, but was I ever impressed!  I love the cross between Irish/Celtic music and Norwegian music.  The instrumentals are incredible.  This was quick to become my  favorite cd. I just bought the other two!  Very soothing to the soul. Rolf  Lovland is an exceptional artist with a truly remarkable gift. Great duo  with Fionuala!  She's awesome!  Together they share their incredible gifts  of music with the rest of the world.
B00003CX5A|2.0|First off I must say I was quite impressed with Johnny Depp's acting in this movie. He is a great Icabod! However the good parts of the movie basically end there. The problem with this movie is that they did not make  it long enough. Instead of developing charecters and plot Tim Burton just  tries to throw in some visual effects hoping it will do the trick. This is  probably most evident when ((SPOILER FOR THE MOVIE! DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER  IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE MOVIE)) Icabod finds the grave site of the  horseman and out of the blue says he knows it is a gate between two worlds,  and after one mere glance at the body realizes that the horseman wants his  head back! For someone who is supposed to play a grizzled constable that  doesn't believe in the supernatural this is a pretty brave asumption!  Despite the beautifuly eerie atmosphere of the film it's a dead miss. Read  the book, it will be more rewarding. Instead of sticking to symbolism the  movie just bombards you with neat scenes of the horseman running people  down. It left me with a very unsatisfying feeling.
B0000025CP|5.0|For some reason this one never gets the credit or attention it deserves. This CD seemed to be the point at which everything seemed to gell for the Priest. Gone are the hippy meanderings that plagued parts of previous  releases, to be replaced by the band that most of us recognise today as a  mighty metal machine. First things first, the band was now writing  sc-fi/urban mythology themed songs to great effect, and the production on  this one stripped everything down to the bare bones leaving us with crystal  clear vocals and guitars. This sound surely must be what future titans such  as Metallic and Slayer would kill for. It complements the songs so  well...no clutter! This one also contains Rob's best or most consistant  vocal performance so far....warning: tape up ya windows cause they could  shatter! &quot;Exciter&quot; is the worlds first speed metal attempt, (read  awesome) even by todays standards, &quot;Invader&quot; with space ship  intro is corny as hell but try resisting, and the legendary for all the  wrong reasons &quot;Beyond The Realms of Death&quot;, which should be  acknowledged as a fantastic sci-fi/fantasy classic. Every song is built  upon  classic early British metal riffs, for example &quot;Saints In  Hell&quot; which could easily have been the Priests answer to fellow  legends Sabbath's Paranoid. Oh for the golden age of Heavy Metal, which are  two words that the mighty Priest have never failed to embrace as their own.  Start you're love affair here!
B00003CX5A|5.0|I was expecting the same old Ledgend of Sleepy Hollow, but was very surprised to see a diffrant view or story. The effects, There ,the acting, There, the plot, and so forth. Christopher Walkins not so much as a peep  but to the point with charachter. Depp makes this film believable with his  newly found dialect,maybe hes been around Madonna or something. A great  movie to watch on DVD purchaced at Amazon.com come's through once again  with great value.
0525457585|4.0|My first interest in The NeverEnding Story was after I saw the movie.  I picked up the book one evening, and didn't put it down until three in the morning.  It's been one of my favorites ever since.  I'm not a big fan of science-fiction and adventure novels, but The NeverEnding Story appeals to  most audiences.  That's probably because the focus is not on the adventure  of the story, but on how it has an impact on our hero, and how it changes  his character and life.  Bastian Balthizar Bux is your average misfit.   He's short, fat, dumb, and everyone at school makes his life miserable.  To  make it worse, his mother has just passed away, and he can't talk to his  father.  One day, in an attempt to escape from some bullies, he stumbles  upon an intriguing book with a curious emblem on the cover.    Bastian  discovers a land of magic, mystery and adventure inside the cover of The  NeverEnding Story.  The Nothing is taking over Fantastica, the Childlike  Empress is ill, and Atreyu is searching for a savior.  He discovers him  beyond the boundary of Fantastica.   Bastian realizes that it is him, that  he himself is part of the neverending story. He must bring the cure to the  Childlike Empress, and to all of Fantastica.  He must find the courage  within to be the hero he has the potential to be.  I highly recommend  this book to anyone who loves reading.  It's one of my personal favorites  because it does more than keep you turning pages.  It's about more than one  boy growing up.  There's something in there for everyone.  It leaves you  with a satisfied feeling, and you put it down knowing that it's had an  impact on your life.
0767821629|5.0|Despite all the bad reviews I have read for this film, I LOVED IT!  I have watched it numerous times and I still continue to watch it.  If you are a sci-fi buff, you will like this.  I saw this in the theater and,  unfortunately, it was only there for about 2 weeks (or less).  I think I  recognized the twist before it happened, but this movie definitely keeps  you in anticipation.  I think The Thirteenth Floor would have definitely  gotten more of the spotlight had it not been released at approximately the  same time as Matrix, but if you've seen the Matrix, you'll most likely  enjoy a great flick like Thirteenth Floor.
0671502336|5.0|You will like it.  Don't take my word for it.  Read it and find out for yourself.<br />It's funny and intelligent.  You'll read it, and then find yourself or someone you know in a Catch-22, and it will make your day.
1559408898|5.0|this is frankenstein again.  but newer and better.  the original idea of frankenstein was so good that Mary Shelley is considered the creator of the genre of science fiction.  It's debatable, most people go with Poe, but  this idea was so on the money that artists are still stealing it/expounding  on it.  This is THE modern prometheus.  Robo is the avenging angel, the  poem of automata, the doll come to life.  He is walking dead with a  conscience.  Frankenstien Unbound indeed.  Science Vs. The soul.  Another  example and warning (beware of dolly the sheep clone?) that scientist will  do anything they can get away with.  It's their nature.  look at Einstein.  It's anarchy and it's a whole lot of fun.  Check it out.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|Wow, is the first thing that came to mind as (SIC) was first playing out of my little Emerson shelf system.  Talk about hard!  You know I've been living in Iowa for nearly 18 years now, and this is the first thing I like  that ever came from it.  Buy Slipknot, and ummm, if you are living with  your parents, don't let mom hear it.  Later!
B000021XS0|5.0|&quot;Images and Words,&quot; a Dream Theater album released several years ago had a track on it called Metropolis 1: The Miracle and the Sleeper. This is the background to &quot;Metropolis 2: Scenes From a Memory.&quot;  Don't worry, you don't need to have heard Met. 1 to understand the second  part. That's how well it was done. Without the story you can appreciate it!  The album is an artistic masterpiece, each track flowing smoothly into the  next, each with it's own seperate meaning. Haunting lines span throughout,  keeping a stable theme. The ending is a question in itself, reminding us  much of Queensryche's &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot; mystery. It's a play  on CD, but not just any play, it's a rock-lovers paradise. You MUST pick  this one up. It is a must-have! (FYI: Chris Jericho, wrestler in the WWF,  notable rocker and writer for Metal Edge Magazine named this the best album  of 1999).
B00004RFCM|5.0|I don't get HBO at home, but my parents do and I happened to catch an episode of Sex and the City during a visit home.  I enjoyed it so much, I was very pleased when it came out on video at such a reasonable  price.<br />Sarah Jessica Parker and her costars are fantastic - they are  obviously having a great time, and their energy and humor really make this  series a joy to watch.  It's pretty frank, but not graphic at all.  Highly  recommended!
B000002HGD|3.0|I bought this for the title, and based on the fact that I just bought _Play_ and really enjoyed it. _Everything Is Wrong_ ... great title. But I did not get the message from the music. <br />Now I don't buy music for the  message: I buy it for the music. And Moby is pretty clear in his various  treatises that he makes the music not as a message, but as music. <br />Yet I  found myself disappointed by this muddle of pop sounds. Even if there were  no somber lyrics or prophesesies of doom (Moby is no Nick Cave, and could  not be), I had hoped that the music itself would express the disjunction  between what the world is and what the world should be.<br />Instead, I got  upbeat dance mixes (energetic, but not very inventive), and expansive  soundscapes soaring majestically over Philip Glass geometries. It is good  stuff, it really is, but it is never great stuff.<br />&quot;Feeling So  Real&quot; for example is more annoying than danceable, despite its pace.  &quot;Everytime You Touch Me&quot; is totally empty pop, a strange  inclusion entirely. &quot;What Love&quot; goes for the roots: both blues  and punk. Well, that is an interesting challenge! But it isn't very good  blues. It isn't very convincing punk. <br />Here's what makes the album worth  having: It's track 3 &quot;All I Need Is To Be Loved&quot; which carries  some real industrial impact, and &quot;First Cool Hive&quot; which has the  honest Moby touch, and &quot;Anthem&quot; which is really the only club  sounds that makes the grade.<br />In short, this album is a disappointment,  particularly if you really groove on the diversity and inventiveness of the  more recent _Play_. But it is a disappointment that the Moby fan or the  eclectic connoisseur will undoubtedly want for the high points, if not the  whole.
0767849493|1.0|Considering the &quot;star power&quot; that this movie has in it, I thought perhaps this would be a GREAT movie.  All I can say is, I found it to be EXACTLY the opposite.  I found it to be most mundane and was rather  disappointed.  Am I catholic? No!  Did I find this movie to be blasphemous?  No! Simply put, it was a movie based on angels that were trying to get  themselves back into heaven after being put aside.  The only humor I found  in it were some quips by Chris Rock.
6303020089|4.0|To be honest, I never thought that a) Harrison Ford movie or b) a modern crime movie could be this good. The genious plot and the stunning photographic scenes kept me glued to my sofa throughout the whole movie.  Now, I am not a very big fan of any serious stuff ( I prefer Coen bros. -  movies), but now I must admit I'm impressed. Very professional.
B000001EKX|4.0|This has got some great slow, heavy brooding tunes like &quot;Got To Choose&quot; and &quot;Parasite&quot;, which some have suggested are the true roots of grunge.&quot;Goin' Blind&quot; is my fave Simmons  tune.&quot;Comin' Home&quot; is an overlooked poppy Kiss classic. But what  went wrong in the studio ? One of the most godawful examples of record  production in history. I don't believe that any major label album  (Casablanca I guess was sort of an indie at the time)was ever recorded this  poorly. Bad EQ, weird can of bees/electric razor guitars, and trash can  drums. Still enjoyable.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I was a little reluctant to buy this CD since the 1st CD wasn't loaded with hits, but when I heard &quot;ooops I did it again,&quot; I knew that  this was gonna be an awesome album. I love every single song on the CD.  Britney surely has matured in her style since her last album, and I urge  any unsure reader to go ahead with the purchase. From the 1st time you hear  it, &quot;Lucky&quot; will surely become one of your favorites.
B00000AFDW|1.0|I love all the original 70's Kiss records and have seen them numerous times in concert, even the 80's incarnations, the reunion tour. But this record should not ever have been made out of respect for the group. I  listened once, put it away and that was enough. Simmons has two  semi-listenable songs reminiscent of his solo album and maybe Unmasked, but  that's as good as it gets. Most of the guitar work doesn't even sound like  Ace Frehley and rumor has it that it was actually Bruce Kulick, but he's  supposed to keep quiet about it. Pass on this. They finally reached the  stage where they are just trying to milk their gullible group of trekky  like fans with an onslaught of merchandise.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Like most people, I was turned off by Blaze-era Maiden, and I was very disapointed with their last four studio efforts.<br />But Brave New World is just that, an incredible journey through both classic Maiden nostalgia and  modern sound. The album's 1st single, the Wicker Man, is energetic with the  classic Maiden sound, but the marathon songs Blood Brothers and Out of the  Silent Planet both have a new, modern feeling to them. But then The Nomad  could easily have fit into Piece of Mind or Powerslave era without anyone  blinking an eye. <br />Maiden has both matured and improved their musical  ability. The three guitars works nicely, and the only song that sounds  cluttered is The Mercenary. But even that song is good. Unlike their last 4  albums, there isn't a SINGLE throw-away or filler song. I'm utterly amazed.  If you're a lapsed Maiden fan, then it's time to check them out again. I  definitly recommend this. If I could, I'd give it 6 stars. <br />This is their  best album to date.
B00000JCB2|1.0|What happened to the old Limp Bizkit (or old Korn for that matter)... I loved 3 Dollar Bill Y'all, but this is just depressing. Method Man? Get real. What happened to the time when Limp Bizkit and heavy metal were in  the same sentence together. They used to be one of my favorites. But what  happened, it seems that when a great underground heavy metal band all of a  sudden becomes popular because they're on MTV every day something happens  to them. Maybe they feel they need to write music that everybody will like  so they can keep a large fan base, Which should not be an artist's main  goal. It makes me sick and it should stop before the same thing happens to  great bands like Static X and System of a Down.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is classic Maiden.  There is nothing here not to like.  This effort is better than some of Maiden's previous efforts--even with Bruce!  One can here an admixture of all the classic Maiden discs from Number Of The Beast  to Seventh Son. There is classic guitar work here as well.  Adrian really  helps the boys regain former glory--he truly was missed.  Along with  Pantera's Reinventing the Steel this is the must buy of the year.
B00000GAIW|5.0|Ian Anderson explodes on this album. From the first to last track, every song on this album is of hit quality! This album marked the beginning of a great string of hit albums for Tull. Anderson, being multi-talented is the  driving force here and captivates with his outlook on religion and life as  he sees it. The Songs: Aqualung,Cross Eyed Mary, Locomotive Breath and My  God, are timeless classics. Anderson's flute playing is flawless and Martin  Barre's Guitar is awesome. If you like the song Aqualung and haven't heard  the rest of the cd , you wont be dissapointed. A++++
1573226521|1.0|If they had a negative star rating, I would use it.<br />This is by far the most ridiculous book I have ever wasted my money on. I am a &quot;Gen Xer&quot; 22 year old backpacker. This does not even come close to representing me or anyone that I know. I'm very disappointed that this is  the &quot;book of our generation&quot;. How can the 20 something's get any  respect or understanding when we are represented by a immature, violent  work like this?<br />My friends and I do not do drug, do not obsess on a war  and are compassionate and spiritual people. We are opposed to violence, and  you don't get much more senseless violence than this book. Not all Xers are  slackers dope addicts.<br />I was not sure whether to laugh at this book or  bemoan the fact I was roped into paying for it. I understand we all have  different opinions, but I do not see how anyone but the most immature and  juvenile could like this book. <br />As another reviewed stated, it never even  looks at the beautiful, peaceful and compassionate land that is Thailand. I  doubt very very highly that garland has ever been to Thailand, and if he  has been *he* is the one who wasted his money on a ticket. Paradise is all  around us...if you are capable of seeing it.
B000002KET|5.0|Black Sabbath had broken new ground and new standards before this with Black Sabbath,Paranoid,Master Of Reality and Vol.4 but with this album the band imbarked on new territory with expiremental production,lyrics and  sounds.Fuff is one of Iommis more intresting instrumentals and is more  expiremental than Orchid or Laguna Sunrise.A National Acrobat is one of  Sabbaths best produced track.The title track Sabbra Caddabra,Killing  Yourself To Live and Looking For Today are great rockers.And I don't care  what anyone says Who Are You is awesome.This is a classic album second to  Paranoid and right in front of Master Of Reality.
0440539811|5.0|People get too caught up in trying to decide whether or not this book is a bunch of garbage or something real. I think that the reader should decide for themselves. No one can deny that RAW was extremely creative in writing  this book. The fuss over the book lies in the state that the book puts the  reader. You are constantly thrown around... not knowing what to believe or  what is real. From what I have read, RAW drew a lot from Zen Buddhism. Zen  asks you to question many things. Everything in fact. Forget everyone  argueing whether or not the book is true or not. Forget the people who say  it is a cult book. Just read the book and be ready for a very entertaining  story and a lot of brilliant creativity. Choose for yourself what you will  believe.
B00004RF97|5.0|Despite the fact that this film raises issues that are not very potent today, it remains to be  a timeless classic because of its sheer artistic value. This great artistic value is largely due to the brilliant idea (the  idea of creating a play about Kathrene Hepburn [not literally, of course],  for Kathrene Hepburn), the plot itself, and film's charming and witty  script. Hepburn is the only and true star in this story, although I can  appreciate Stewart and Grant in their roles. But truly, it would not have  mattered much artistically, if different supporting cast was chosen.  Apparently, it did matter to RKO commercially a great deal.  Thank God for  that, because Stewart, Grant, Hussey, and Howard all added something to the  film.  The result is a story with a &quot;love...well, let's just say, more  than a usual triangle&quot;, that revolves around one Philadelphia society  girl and a few of her eccentric family members. The DVD has an outstanding  sound and picture quality. Cute little menu and original theatrical trailer  are also included. It is nice to know that this great film will stay with  us for generations to come and enjoy it.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Very impressive! Where do I start? After Seventh Son, Iron Maiden lost their edge.  Bruce lost his range.  They basically sounded like they lost their direction.   This release however is a continuation and progression  of Piece of Mind and alike.  Very Miaden-like, but also very fresh.   Soaring vocals, crunching guitars (which have been lost in a muddy mix the  past few releases) and great tempo changes are all here on Brave New World.  This is a  breath of fresh air in a very stangnent music scene right now. I  must focus on the vocals once more, because they are VERY impressive and  drive this album in my opinion.  Bruce has returned to peak form. Iron  Maiden have returned to reclaim their crown.... and not a moment too soon.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Wow! I was eagerly awaiting this CD, especially after hearing The Wicker Man, and it did not disappoint.  I've found it usually takes at least a couple of listens before I really get into a CD, but this one grabbed me  right away (although it will doubtless get even better as I listen to it  more).        Bruce and Adrian are back, and they show how much they have  been missed!  Musically the album has the power and melodic drive of their  heyday, with crushing chords and soaring melodies often in the same song.   The lyrics also seem a bit of  a throwback to their earlier days, but still  seem to retain a bit of the maturity and groundedness of the last couple of  albums (although lighter).        A really great collection of songs, with  a few definite classics.  Like all the great Maiden albums, everyone will  probably have their favorite songs (mine are Wicker Man, Blood Brothers,  Out of the Silent Planet).  Really deep album, too; there's not a throwaway  on here.  I highly recommend it, Iron Maiden is back at top-form; this is  as strong from top-to-bottom as almost anything they've done.<br />Up The  Irons!
0141301066|5.0|Matilda by Roald Dahl is a children's book which could also be a book for any age.Not just Matilda, but any book by Roald Dahl recalls something that we forget in our normal lives. I am not quite sure &quot;why,&quot; but I  can tell that there's something that makes you want to read books by Roal  Dahl, and I am pretty sure that most of us enjoy and think that it is worth  reading it. To tell the truth, Matilda wasn't my first book that I read in  the series of books by Roald Dahl, but I chose to read this because I  thought it was going to be valuable and worth while. If you were five  years-old, what do you suppose your life would be like? Probably, most of  us would agree that we would be dependent on our parents (for the most  part) and self-centered (since children can be bossy). If you think you  agree with this statement, you are actually lucky, you will realize how  lucky you are if you get to know Matilda Wormwood, a five year-old girl.  Matilda is a genius with idiot parents. Therefore, she can not be dependent  on her parents, for there's no time for her to be self- centered. She was  born into the situation that made her &quot;no ordinarily child;&quot; she  can do two digit multiplication in her head, and read books like Dickens,  at age five! Matilda has at least two big problems, which if you were an  ordinarily child, would mean you would just put up with them. Living in the  situation with idiots (who bother her) and the &quot;Trunchbull&quot; (the  headmistress of the school were Matilda goes) whose hobby is to give  children cruel treatment is quite a problem. However, Matilda handles these  problems so well, that she actually will make the happy ending for the  others and, of course, herself. To those of you who already have read  Dahl's books, and have enjoyed reading them, I think you know what I mean  by my statement that it is &quot;not just childrens' book.&quot; And to  those of you who actually haven't read his (Dahl's) books, I encourageyou  to read one of his books at least one time to see if my statement was true.
158234082X|5.0|hey fellow chefs, cooks and anyone else in this world of the RB. it's nice to know your not the only one who went through what we did to be what we are. &quot;COOKS RULE&quot;
0553260111|4.0|I picked up THE BOURNE IDENTITY because of speculation of it being made into a film, with top Hollywood names being banded about for the role of Jason Bourne.  The story is summarized well above and in other reviews, so  I'll only give comment.  It was really a great thrill ride.  There is  geniune suspense through out the book, leaving you feeling what Bourne does  as he discovers more and more of what he has forgotten, or thinks he has,  about himself.  This will make a good film.  But, then we get to the  ending, which was built up to extremely well but left me feeling robbed and  cheated.  Not good for any story.  Without any revealtion I'll just say  this book is one of three featuring Bourne.  I haven't read any farther yet  but plan to, with some reluctance though.  The ending just did not support  itself; the level of suspense you feel wants a proper ending right then.   But don't let this stop you from picking up THE BOURNE IDENTITY.  Just  prepare yourself for a little longer journey.
B00000J6AG|1.0|This album was so good everybody wanted to get it from me! I was able to sell it for 8 within three hours of buying it!
0783239408|1.0|Have we become such a deluded and immoral society that we give the highest amount of praise and approval to a movie such as this? Obviously we have. Is there no longer any feeling of loyalty to one's spouse, and the sanctity  of a sexual relationship in the binding promises of marriage? Again,  apparently not. Our soceity is one which supports movies such as this.  Period. We not only practice the things seen in this movie regularly, but  approve and give praise and WORSHIP to those who carry them out in the  public's eye. Ours in a fallen society, no mistake.<br />This movie is simply  disturbing and grotesque in the most immoral of ways. This film is supposed  to bring forth the hidden evils of the family life in America? Perhaps the  family life of the producer of this film, but certainly not the family life  of people who still hold guidelines and laws in their lives. This is just  one big attempt to make immoral people feel good about themselves; like  their mistakes and sins are perfectly normal behavior for human beings, and  there's no reason to not carry them out. This film is simply one big  &quot;feel-good-about-myself&quot; piece of junk, laced with the most awful  morals and standards conceivable. The thought of killing one's parents is  not something every child is born with; the sexual misrepresentation in  this film is not normal; the apperant lusting in this film is not normal;  most of this film is just a play to try and make the family something it's  not. I can't believe that such a gross and disturbing film has the name  &quot;American&quot; in it; the same word that means liberty, law, and  justice around the world.<br />Is this the kind of substance we want our  children growing up around? Yes, children have, do, and will see this film  many times. A society in which the family unit operates like this cannot  exist, and it's more than obvious to me that this is the direction America  is taking right now. A society that glorifies perversion, unfaithfulness,  murder, ungodliness, and a hand full of other vices is doomed to  extinction. Like it or not, there it is.<br />If this is where America is,  then this film should be renamed &quot;American Dead&quot;.
6300268470|5.0|Stars the Duke and sidekicks Dean Martin, Ricky Nelson and Walter Brennan-- also Angie Dickinson, and Ward Bond (all too briefly).  The Duke has the local cattle baron's murderin', no-account brother in jail.  The  federal marshal is comin' to pick the rascal up for a quick trip to  Presidio and a hangin'.  The cattle baron wants murderin' brother out of  jail.  Result?  Mayhem ensues!  Great Dimitri Tiomkin soundtrack.<br />On that  note, this film preceded what the Duke hoped would be his biggest and best  movie, _The Alamo_.  Catch the interplay between the Duke and Nelson as the  cantina band strikes up what Dimitri Tiomkin imagined as _Deguello_, the  Mexican bugle call of, &quot;no quarter,&quot; heard again and at greater  length in, _The Alamo_.<br />Any fan of the Duke will enjoy this one!
630575067X|5.0|Episode I met all of my expectations and then some. True, it is certainly not the original three films, but it's still very good. &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; has a much more uplifting feel to it than the later three  movies, which is one of the reasons I enjoyed it so much. The people who  were expecting to experience the joy and amazement inherent when they saw  the original films will be disappointed, so if you're that closed minded, I  wouldn't suggest watching it.<br />I believe that most of the fans who think  that Lucas has sold out Star Wars as a kid's movie are completely wrong. In  essence, the original three were children's movies; that's not to say that  adults don't enjoy them, however. Lucas accomplished something very unique  in that he could construct a plot deep enough for adults, and yet simple  enough for children. The plot of episode I is not as deep as the three  original films, of course, but it's certainly there, and complex in its own  right.<br />I think you'll find that if you look back at when you first saw  the films in the theater, you'll understand what I'm talking about. Chewy  is just the same as Jar-Jar. Come on! A big furry animal that talks in  grunts and rips the arms out of people when they lose? That's just as dumb,  and yet likeable, as Jar-Jar Binks. If you think about it, it makes perfect  sense.<br />&quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is excellent. Period. I rate it up  there with &quot;A New Hope&quot;. Any fan who can see beyond their  stubbornness will be able to appreciate the film for what it is. It's sure  to transport you back to the galaxy far far away just like it did 20 years  ago. Give it a chance. George, thanks for another great installment in the  epic tale!
B000003TAR|3.0|This is a good CD (after all, with five good songs on it, that's more than most cds) but it just isn't nearly as good as any of their others.  Heart-Shaped Box, Rape Me, Pennyroyal Tea, Dumb and All Apologies are all  good songs, but none of them can match practically anything from Nevermind  (Smells like Teen Spirit, Come as you Are, Something in the way, Lithium,  Polly, Drain you and On a PLain all are great songs...)  If I were you, I'd  save my money, and buy a more consistant CD.
B00004ST9Q|5.0|She is a great Diva! <br />I've enjoyed video &amp; music both, especially the sound is excellent. You will also love it,too.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Bruce is BACK! This is classic Iron Maiden. They have come back to their old form and have created a great album. There are no weak songs on the CD. This CD has it all. Great vocals, time changes, crushing guitarwork, and  awesome lyrics. If you liked the old Iron Maiden or Bruce Dickenson then  this is a must have album.
B000023X9W|5.0|Neil Young is totally self expressed. I am moved by his ability to share  himself as a human being and an artist through the production and  performance of his music.<br />Neil Young would not sound good if he performed  songs of other artists and other artists would not sound good performing   his songs. He IS the distinction &quot;generating&quot; music.<br />This album   captures the essence of his earlier songs like &quot;after the gold   rush,&quot; &quot;comes a time,&quot; &quot;powderfinger,&quot; etcetera.    <br />These are experiences I share with my daughters Erika (7) and Julia (4).   I am hopeful they get from me, what I get from Neil Young, and that they   will &quot;get&quot; Neil too (if they got that, and I know they got it,   then life would become a little less empty and meaningless).<br />Neil Young   has the ability to touch the souls of human beings. I silently weep with   joy when in my mind I hear the combination of his acoustical guitar,   harmonica, voice and what he has to say.<br />Plus his ability to collaborate   with other artists makes him a living legend. He is not stingy.<br />I love   you, man!
B000001GQC|5.0|Abbado's Alexander Nevsky is full-bloodedly idiomatic, metrical and tightly controlled. He captures perfectly the tortured triumph of the closing bars, with its crashing dissonances underlined. The singing could  pass for that of a Russian choir and the LSO's playing is spectacular. The  slightly analytical sound highlights the angularity of the music making.  His Lt. Kije Suite is colorful and amiable and his Scythian Suite, while a  bit rhythmically flat-footed in &quot;The Alien God and Dance of the Evil  Spirits,&quot; has plenty of mystery elsewhere.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Although I am not a big fan of rap music, this is one of the best CDs I have. The music is excellent.Although it is a little dark it still is interesting, it is great music to listen to in any mood..
B000000W5L|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST ROLLING STONES ALBUM EVER.
B000002AHC|5.0|I used to work in import record retailing in the mid-1970's. My ears were opened to some wonderful stuff that I, in my sheltered life, knew nothing about. I bought so many records during those four years that a few very  deserving albums slipped through the net and just sat on my shelves. <br />I'm  not sure why this happened to &quot;Notorious&quot;; maybe it was that the  opener ('Artificial Energy') sounded harsh; maybe I was more interested in  &quot;Sweetheart&quot; at the time. For whatever reason, I ignored this  record until I started buying the Columbia/Legacy remasters, most of which  I did not even have the originals of. I read so many raves about this CD  that I bought it too.<br />Well, I can tell you that Rip Van Winkle is now  awake and listening! Don't be put off by the fact that it's over thirty  years old - it's brilliant and timeless. This is the Byrds at their  artistic peak - and it occurred amid the virtual disintegration of the  group!  The \\"Crosby is a horses' head\\" cover just does not do it justice.  Other reviewers here have given you more than enough expert analysis - just  get it! <br />&quot;And where to from here?&quot; I hear you ask.  &quot;Straight to 'Younger Than Yesterday' which is almost as good!&quot; I  reply.
B000002B7W|5.0|THIS IS SUCH A FITTING TRIBUTE TO RANDY RHOADS, OZZY'S LEAD AXEMAN AND CO-FOUNDER OF BLIZZARD OF OZZ, OZZY'S SOLO BAND. RANDY TEARS UP THE CHORDS  ON ALL OF THE SONGS ON THIS LIVE ALBUM. THE BEST OZZY MUSIC EVER.
B00004SVIK|5.0|Finally!  I have it!  After numerous delays this album finally came out on April 18th, and I got it a few days later. So is it worth the wait?<br />A definite yes. It includes the entire wall album, plus several  other new songs. Of the new songs (What Shall We Do Now? and The Last Few  Bricks), both are decent, but nothing to write home about. The other two  &quot;songs&quot;, the two part Mc:Atmos (Master of Ceremonies), is a  humorous intro to In The Flesh? and In The Flesh. Trust me, you'll laugh at  them. However, all the old standbys (Comfortably Numb, Another Brick II,  Run Like Hell) are all given the extended treatment. Numb is great as  usual, and has a long solo by Gilmour at the end (although not as long as  on DST and pulse), Another Brick has a longer solo, and a keyboard solo  from Rick. Run Like Hell is punctuated by a cool intro where Roger works  the crowd and Dave plays around with the riff. Mother is also quite a bit  longer, with good performances from Roger and Dave. In fact, none of the  songs are inferior to the studio versions, and many of them are better.  <br />This is a definite must-have for any Pink Floyd fan (especially one  who's been waiting for it as long as I have). While you're at it, I'd go  ahead and buy the Deluxe edition (64 page book) while it's still available,  as it contains new interviews and some cool photos.<br />On a sidenote: Since  it seems more and more likely (as much as it saddens me to admit it) with  each passing year that we may never see another Pink Floyd studio album. If  not, then I think the band should start releasing old shows such as this  one on CD. How about Oakland '77? A live dark side from the 70's? The  famous Fillmore '70 show? Or, best of all, a Shine On-esque boxed set  featuring only live, rare, and previously unreleased material?
B000003BEM|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST MEMORABLE ROLLING STONES ALBUMS OUT THERE. 8 OF THE 10 SONGS ARE ACUSTIC, AND ALL OF THE LYRICS ARE DAMN GOOD. ESPECIALLY PRODIGAL SON AND SALT OF THE EARTH, IN MY OPINION.
B000002U8G|5.0|This is Pink Floyd's bestselling pre-Dark Side of the Moon album and rightfully so. The opener \\"One of These Days\\" is quite possibly their best instrumental (and that's saying a lot), while \\"Echoes\\" is one of their best songs and a fan favorite. \\"Seamus\\" is the bluesiest song the Floyd ever made, and the three cuts before it are folkish. These four songs are close to being filler, but this is nonetheless one of PF's better albums and easily the best pre-Dark Side album, if only for the opening and closing songs.
B000002J09|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS AMONG THE GREATEST ALBUMS EVER. THE DISK IS DRIVING ALL THE WAY THROUGH, FROM BEGINING TO END. A MUST HAVE.
B000002U82|5.0|Although this is one of those albums that everyone and their dog seems to own I will write this review to try and convince those of you who have yet to buy it to go ahead and do so. <br />Most of the hardcore fans have several  versions of this album whether or not they realize it. I have 4 versions of  it (the cd reissue, the Shine On version, Pulse, and the Pulse video). It's  sort of like television, the Bible, and a dictionary, every household seems  to have one. If you don't then go out and buy it right now, as it  is...<br />Easily one of the greatest albums of all-time, and the first in the  Floyd's string of themed and conceptual efforts. Dark Side is themed, on  the stresses and pressures that lead a person to insanity and death. It  also has some of the band's best ever songs. Time is one of their very  best, and Money and Us and Them are great as well. There are also several  good instrumentals here, and David Gilmour's guitar solos are excellent  throughout. What's really amazing about this is that some of the songs are  rewrites. Breathe is a rewrite of a song from Roger's first solo album, and  Us and Them is a rewrite of an outtake from More, The Violence Sequence.  It's hard to imagine anything as soft and mellow as Us and Them being the  backing tune for any &quot;violence sequence&quot; but so be it. All in  all, a truly great effort. Get it and join the 25+ million people who have  already done so.
B000002KB8|5.0|THIS IS WHEN BLACK SABBATH WERE STILL DIRT POOR AND TRYING TO GET A BREAK. IN FACT, AT THE TIME, OZZY AND TONY WERE SO POOR THAT THEY ONLY HAD 1 PAIR OF SHOES BETWEEN THEM, SO ONLY ONE COULD WEAR SHOES OUT, AND THE OTHER WENT BAREFOOT. THIS ALBUM WAS RECORDED IN 3 DAYS AND THEY GOT PAYED 90 DOLLARS. OZZY TOOK THE ALBUM HOME TO HIS PARENTS AND AFTER LISTENING, HIS DAD SAID:  &quot;SON, ARE YOU SURE YOU ARE JUST SMOKING CIGARETTES? &quot;IN MY BOOK  THIS IS PROBABLY BLACK SABBATH'S BEST ALBUM, BECAUSE THEY STILL HAD SOUL  LACED ALL THROUGH THE BLUDEONING RIFFS AND SQUEALING VOCALS.... I WOULD DEFINATLY RECOMMEND  THIS.
B0000026NC|4.0|This is a good live album -- not as good as the later Pulse but worth getting in its own right. I think there definitely could have been more songs; there are only fourteen, as the listing cheats us by putting \\"Round and Around\\" seperate from \\"Yet Another Movie,\\" thus making \\"fifteen.\\" I was also annoyed to find that \\"Breathe (Reprise)\\" is missing from \\"Time,\\" thus making the latter about one and a half minutes shorter; \\"Wish You Were Here\\" is also a little short. Many songs, though, are given the extended treatment -- \\"Comfortably Numb\\" especially, with an awesome extended guitar solo at the end. The album could certainly have been better; the band is rusty on some songs, and David Gilmour's vocals aren't always perfect, especially on \\"Learning to Fly.\\" Also, many will be upset that \\"Dogs of War\\" is included, but  it is far better than the original and actually pretty good. For these reasons, I have to give the album four stars instead of the obligatory five for a Floyd album. If I had heard it before Pulse (which I didn't), I would probably like it a lot more. It is by no means bad, but if you want just one live Floyd album, get Pulse, though there's definately room for two.
B00003CWPR|1.0|THIS MOVIE SUCKED IN MORE WAYS THEN ONE. FIRST OF ALL, TOM AND NICOLE ARE ENDLESSLY TRYING TO KEEP THE MEDIA OUT OF THEIR &quot;BUSINESS&quot; SO THEY DO WAHT---MAKE A HOME PORNO? I LOST RESPECT FOR THESE TWO TALENTED  STARS. TOM HAS MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE 2 TO BOUNCE BACK ON. NICOLE IT IS GOING  TO TAKE AWHILE TO REGAIN ANY RESPECT YOU HAD IN THE INDUSTRY. YOU DIDN'T  JUST PLAY A PART. YOU PLAYED A SLUT, WHO WAS MARRIED, AND INVOLVED A CHILD.  THIS MOVIE HAD COMPLETLEY NO MORALS, AND WASN'T AT ALL SEXY. KIDMAN AND  CRUISE HAD LITTLE SCREEN TIME TOGETHER, MOST OF KIDMAN'S SCENES ARE IN  FLASHBACKS OF SEX WITH A SAILOR...GOT IT..LET'S MOVE ON...IT DIDN'T...SO I  AM ASSUMING THAT WAS WHAT THE MOVIE WAS ALL ABOUT?
B000002A3T|5.0|People who diss the post-Waters Pink Floyd have not really listened to this album. It is a very good album, and a return to the classic Floyd sound in more ways than one. One of the reasons is that the guitar solos  and overall sound return the that sound, and it marks the return of Rick  Wright as a full-time member, and the return of Dick Parry on saxophone.  Also it is a themed album, unlike Momentary Lapse. For Gilmour to go to a  themed album on his second try as main lyricist of the Floyd is quite a  feat. Keep Talking is excellent, Coming Back To Life, Lost For Words, What  Do You Want From Me, A Great Day For Freedom, and more are good as well,  and then of course High Hopes. Also Marooned is quite possibly the best  Floyd instrumental ever, and the only PF song to win a Grammy Award.<br />And  if this is the last studio album ever released by the legendary Pink Floyd  (which I sincerely hope it's not, though it's looking more and more that  way with each passing year), then I'm glad they went out on a high note!
6305897786|4.0|When I saw this movie 1 and a half year ago, in  Antwerp-Belgium, I was completely surprised. Expecting nothing, I was stunned! What kept me from giving it 5 stars, is the ending. I'm not saying it sucked, but it's kinda  over before you expect it, though the whole movie was kinda long and seemed  to take its time.. Depp was great! Enjoy! Can't wait for the DVD to arrive.
B000002B35|5.0|Pulse is easily one of the greatest live albums ever. It also has great packaging. It comes with a 44-page book that has lots of great photos and information. Also in some versions of Pulse a blinking light is attached to  the cd case, that beats in rhythm with the heart, which ties the album to  Dark Side. And, of course, that is the main point of the album. Since the  Floyd had just recently released DST, they needed a special reason to make  another live record, and putting Dark Side live in it's entirety is  certainly a good one. Of course, overall, it isn't as good as the studio  version, but it is still great. The three song encore on disc 2 is great as  well, especially Comfortably Numb, one of the greatest songs ever.  Highlights on disc 1 include Keep Talking with it's awesome voicebag solo,  and the Another Brick medley.<br />If you have yet to buy this album because  of post-Waters prejudices then I feel incredibly sorry for you. You are  missing out on one of the best live albums ever released, and Pink Floyd's  greatest ever live album by a considerable margin. Who cares what your  favorite era of the Floyd is? This album belongs in everyone's collection.
0440214041|3.0|I've read most of Grisham's novels, and have to say 'The Pelican Brief' is not one of his best.  Actually, he's never been able to surpass his first novel 'A Time to Kill', for characters and plot.<br />The main character,  Darby Shaw, is a law student who stumbles upon the conspirators of the  assassinations of two Supreme Court Justices.  Once this information is  leaked she becomes their next target.  Of course, she's smart enough not to  get killed, but rather is able to escape the bad guys, and find a newspaper  reporter who will run the story and blow the conspirators out of the  water.<br />Trouble is the reader doesn't know why Darby's running until two  thirds into the book when Grisham finally reveals the contents of the  brief. It's evident that this work of fiction was really meant to be a  movie script and not a novel. A quick beach read for any Grisham  enthusiast.
B000002UA2|5.0|Everyone knows and loves Wish You Were Here, Dark Side of the Moon, and The Wall. The Piper at the Gates of Dawn is also well known and, in my opinion, overrated. Animals is a very good Pink Floyd album, and hardcores sometimes gripe that it is underrated or not lumped in with their classics often enough. While that is true Animals has sold six million copies! Obscured By Clouds has not even gone gold in the US! Why? I have absolutely no idea, because this is truly one of their greatest efforts. It's by no means a \\"normal\\" (if you can ever call PF normal), sounding Floyd album, but it is extremely good one. The words are still generally subpar (besides \\"Childhood's End\\" and \\"Free Four\\"), but the music is great on nearly every song. The opening instrumental title track, \\"Mudmen\\" (a jaw-dropping instrumental), \\"Wot's... Uhh The Deal,\\" \\"Childhood's End,\\" \\"Free Four,\\" and \\"Stay\\" are all very good. This album also happens to feature David Gilmour's best guitar up to this point. When you consider the very short period of time that this was conceived and recorded, it is really quite amazing how great it turned out. Anyone unimpressed by pre-Dark Side releases should listen to this masterpiece.
B000002KK8|5.0|This album takes a step forward from the Sultans of Swing album. Their previous effort, but this one is closer to the heart and the soul of its creator: M.Knoffler. From  &quot;Once upon a time in the West&quot; to the  more mellow:&quot;News&quot; and &quot;Where you think you're going&quot;.  This gay really delivers us a great combination of poetry and virtuosity on  the guitar; besides, considering the kind of musical junk that we had most  of the time back on 1979, its amazing that he came out we something like  this, although I've got to tell you: He even did better on his master piece  album:&quot;Love over gold&quot;. Anyway, &quot;Comunique&quot; is a really  nice star.
B000002C1X|5.0|The Wall is a very good album, but it isn't universally acceptable. While viratually anyone would like Dark Side or Wish You Were Here, this one requires a little more thought, with the excpetion of a few songs. <br />A  very good story is told here (that is if you consider a pessimistic,  self-indulgent rock opera that bashes you over the head a million times a  great story... I do), through the genius of Roger Waters, backed with  Dave's excellent guitar work. Some songs drag a little, but others make up  for it. The only other problem I have with this album is that I think it  would have been much better if it would have ended with The Trial. It would  have made a lot more sense, and been less confusing. But then again, that's  probably why they didn't do it. For a more complete understanding of The  Wall you can go to my Wall page. <br />Definately get this album. Whether you  get it for the concept or for standout tunes like Comfortably Numb, Run  Like Hell, Hey You, or Another Brick In The Wall Part 2, is your decision,  but definately get it. <br />If you like this album then I also advise you to  get the recently released &quot;Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall  Live&quot;, and get the Limited Edition version while you're at it, for a  better package overall. Just stay away from the dreadful &quot;Wall Live In  Berlin 1990&quot;.<br />Oh... and while I'm at it I'm gonna go ahead and say  this... The Wall (contrary to popular belief) is the Floyd's first concept  album. Most people will tell you that every album from Dark Side up til The  Final Cut is a concept album, well they are wrong. Dark Side, Wish You Were  Here, and Animals, are all themed albums, while The Wall and The Final Cut  are true concept albums. No difference you say? Well actually a themed  album only has songs all about the same subject, while all the songs on a  concept are a general part of a whole story. In theory one song on a  concept album won't work without the others, not true on a themed album. On  themed albums the songs just have to be about one thing, they don't have to  relate to one another beyond that point. On a concept album though, every  song adds up and completes an entire story, not just related single  stories. Get that?
0399143904|4.0|Based upon some of the more luke-warm reviews this book has been given here at Amazon.com, I figure I must be quite easy to please because I really enjoyed this read.  While I agree with other reviewers that many of  the characters were dimensionless, the storytelling and suspense in this  work kept me interested enough to read through the 740 pages.  Usually, if  a book turns me in the wrong direction within the first 100 pages, I rarely  finish it.  &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; on the other hand did the exact oposite  and kept me coming back.  The &quot;action scenes&quot; are well written  and the plot in general is quite good but most importantly, this book  entertained me and that's why I feel it earned it's four star rating even  though there were a few issues with this story.  For instance, if you've  never been to the UK, after reading this you'd probably think that everyone  in the UK or Ireland drank Guiness and drove Jaguars.  While Guiness is  quite popular, not everyone drinks it, like Clancy portrayed.  Another  thing that bothered me: could that plumber guy that let Popov onto the base  be that stupid.  I mean, c'mon!  I don't really think he would have allowed  the Russian to tag along with him after hardly meeting him.  These items  and a few others kept it from beening a five-star read, but the work is  still excellent and definitely worth the price of admission.
0399128964|5.0|I rate this book (but not the sequel ! ) among the best SF I've ever red, along with Asimov's Foundation, Brin's Uplift series and Vernor Vinge. Although the author borrow some nuances from middle east culture/language  into this book, but he had successfully using it to create his own  believable fantasy world. The result is a live description and narative  about the Arakis desert, the Fremen people or even the giant sand worm. The  action is not a fast-pace one, but I don't think it is the main factor to  judge a good SF book.
B00000J7JO|5.0|'Californication' is easily The Red Hot Chili Peppers' best and most focused album.  Returning in 1999 with John Frusciante back on guitar, the band seemed to know exactly where they wanted to go with this release.  The  intent seemed to be an album more of groove and feeling, and less of the  funk that the band has always been known for.  Of course, that too is also  evident on various parts of the album, notably &quot;Around The  World&quot;, Get On Top&quot;, and &quot;I Like Dirt&quot;, but the overall  feel is a great mixture of well written guitar and bass riffs with  excellent vocals by frontman Anthony Keidis.  One listen to the first  single &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; gives the listener a perfect example of the  album's overall well-laden grooves and heartfelt harmonies.  And the title  track itself, is worth the price of purchase alone - an awesome haunting  track with simply jaw dropping songwriting and production.  Producer Rick  Rubin was at the top of his game with this release, as was Keidis,  Frusciante, bassist Flea and drummer Chad Smith.  This quickly and rather  easily became my favorite album by the Chili Peppers, and it is quite  obvious in listening, that the band's past problems seemed to have been  smoothed over, and the harmony that is evident now was displayed directly  into the songwriting and performances.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|LOS LIDERES DEL HEAVY ESTAN DE RETORNO CON MAS FUERZA QUE NUNCA, DESPUES DE ALGUNOS EXPERIMENTOS Y AVENTURAS POR SENDAS DISTINTAS EN LA MUSICA BRUCE, BRIAN, NICKO Y LOS MUCHACHOS DECIDIERON PONER SU FIRMA EN EL NUEVO  MILENIO, PERO CON LA ENERGIA Y LA FUERZA QUE LOS HACE UNICOS DESDE SUS  INICIOS. ES UN VERDADERO PLACER SABER QUE QUE LA DAMA DE HIERRO ESTA DE  VUELTA, ASI QUE LO UNICO QUE NOS QUEDA ES DISFRUTAR.
B00004T9UF|4.0|In 1999  Eminem burst on the scene from out of nowhere  with his outrageous debut The Slim Shady Lp .. A year later  some  over three million albums sold..  Guest Apperances  with  people like Missy Elliott,  Madd Rapper, Late  Notorious B.I.G,  appearance on  The Next Friday  Soundtrack.. Eminem return with his second effort.. This is actually better  then his first one of the main reasons Dre has more to do with this album  out  of the 16 cuts not counting the skits.. Dre  is responsible for  7 of  them so it isnt surprising the best moments on this disc come when  Dre at  the controls..  Not saying  the other songs arent worth listening to..  Because they are also  but  Dre  puts it down  like he only knows how  in  matter of fact some of the cuts he did for  Eminem  are better then some of  the cuts he did for his own cd..  Among the highlights they are:  Stan, The  Real Slim Shady, Remember Me ( Featuring Sticky Fingaz &amp; RBX),  I'm  Back, B. Please II (Featuring Dr. Dre, Snoop, Xzhibit, Nate Dogg),  The Way  I  am
630018160X|5.0|See this film for Shirley Maclaine's spectacular performance- she is an amazingly good dancer with an incredible amount of energy and sparkle.  Bob Fosse's original choreography is not to be missed.  I can't say enough  about the musical numbers and the stylized, sometimes-wacky, 60s  atmosphere.<br />This film is not Nights of Cabiria (wonderful in its own  right) and should not be compared to it anymore than West Side Story should  be compared to Romeo and Juliet.
B00001P4RI|4.0|I was surprised to see any pans of this album at all, but I did. This album is an obvious avenue for Perry to pursue. It is mostly acoustic guitar and Perry's &quot;Tony Bennet/Neil Diamond&quot; inspired vocals.  The lack of references to his musical style while with Dead Can Dance is  refreshing. I am glad to see this artist give voice to the kinds of songs  he was meant to at least devote one album to. The tracks &quot;Saturday's  Child&quot; and &quot;Happy Time&quot; embody the album's spirit for the  most part. Give those songs a listen and it will let you know for sure if  this is the album for you. His voice is heavenly and seductive &amp; his  music evokes the joy in sorrow. I for one was waiting for him to come out  with an album like this!
B000000YNZ|5.0|i give this album 5 stars simply because every track is stunningly sublime.  the mood of the album is much grayer and introspective than bill's other albums (although its hard to be more introspective than bill  already is), as 'moonbeams' was one of the first albums evans recorded  after the accidental death of Scott LaFaro, the transcendental virtuoso  bassist who formed the most 'simultaneous improvisation' trio jazz has ever  seen (along with paul motian on drums).<br />evans respected laFaro as a  musician held him in the highest regard. after laFaro's death (10 days  after the Village Vanguard show) evans took a short sabbatical from music.   this album shows bill coming out of this depressing cave, at night,  rediscovering the moon and stars...<br />the disc is worth the first track  alone 're: person i knew,' a track probably dedicated to lafaro. evans  himself recorded this composistion on other occasions (one of my favorites,  on the 1970 'from left to right' album which features evans on the  fender/rhodes electric piano). evans probes the keys, searching for a reply  to some anguish.<br />the rest of the tracks are marvelous gems of nightmusic;  this is also the only evans CD which features all ballads.  if you are  looking for an evans album that 'swings' dont buy this one (opt for  'everybody digs bill evans'). this music does not swing; it sways, broods,  subtly swimming in the night;<br />incidentally, the title (and the track  'moonbeams and polka dots') comes from a bud powell (probably the biggest  pianist to influence evans) track by the name of...well...'moonbeams and  polka dots'
B00004T1HK|1.0|This is a disapointing CD. She has poor vocal skills.  The 1st CD was much better. Britney is a not to good singer. The songs are really bad.  There are some good songs on here. I would expect better from her.  People just buy this CD because she looks good. I don't think she is recongized for her singing or her vocal skills.
6302293553|5.0|I Know, I Know. We all agree that this is quite possibly the Best Comedic Movie of All Time. The Knights that say Ni!, the Killer Rabbit, the Bridge of Death, The Rude Frenchmen... It's all Brilliant. <br />But what I've  noticed is that few of the reviews talk about how memorable &amp; quotable  it is! This is a movie that will stay with you ( &amp; your friends) until  the day you die! You will be quoting lines out of this movie for the rest  of your life. That's how good this &quot;The Holy Grail&quot; is.<br />Buy  This Movie. Watch it Repeatedly. Ni!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Okay based on a very limited number of listenings,  I offer tentatively MHO.<br /><br />First I don't  forsee &quot;Brave New World&quot; becoming one of my all time favorite Iron Maiden albums. The standard set by &quot;The Number  of the Beast&quot; and &quot;Powerslave&quot;is too high to set this  collection of songs above those records. &quot;BNW&quot; is lacking in the  nasty truly great riffs and hooks of songs like &quot;Hallowed Be Thy  Name&quot; and &quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&quot;. I can't fairly compare  this album to the Blaze albums or even &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot;  because, I must confess, the last Maiden album I bought before this was  &quot;No Prayer for the Dying&quot; and it wasn't long before I sold it off  or started using it as coaster or something. &quot;BNW&quot; is definitely  is better than that. The production is great. Bruce is in fine form and the  three guitars work rather well. The melodies are outstanding. Steve reigns  in his bad prog-rock latter day Fates Warning tendencies and the songs  overall are strong. As I said I just miss the great riffs and hooks. If  this album continues to grow on me I could see it supplanting  &quot;Killers&quot; or &quot;Piece of Mind&quot; at 3rd or 4th respectively  on my favorite Maiden album list. It reminds me most of &quot;Seventh Son  of a Seventh Son&quot; which I never thought was that great of a record for  the same weaknesses I've enumerated on &quot;BNW&quot;. However  &quot;BNW&quot; rocks harder than &quot;SSOASS&quot; and is stronger  overall. Also I find &quot;BNW&quot; already much more interesting than the  boring and over-hyped &quot;Somewhere in Time.&quot; So I guess I would  place &quot;BNW&quot; firmly in the second tier of Maiden's work for now.  It isn't their best work, but it easily outshines their weaker albums. Time  and repeated listenings will determine if this album holds this to it's  place on my list or if it moves up.<br /><br />My list of favorite Iron Maiden  albums as of 5/31/00:<br /><br />1. The Number of the Beast  2. Powerslave  3.  Killers 4. Piece of Mind 5. Iron Maiden 6. Brave New World 7. Seventh Son  of a Seventh Son 8. Somewhere in Time 9. No Prayer for the Dying<br /><br />As I  said before, due to the disappointingly poor quality of the work on  &quot;NPFTD&quot; I gave up on buying new Maiden albums after that. So I  have no familiarity with &quot;FOTD,&quot; &quot;The X Factor,&quot; and  &quot;Virtual XI.&quot; I don't know; maybe the fact that &quot;BNW&quot;  can debut so high on my personal list is recommendation in itself. I hope  this helpful to prospective buyers.<br /><br />Update 2005: This is now my thirdfavorite Iron Maiden album: Five Stars!er for the Dying    As I  said before, due to the disappointingly poor quality of the work on  \\"NPFTD\\" I gave up on buying new Maiden albums after that. So I  have no familiarity with \\"FOTD,\\" \\"The X Factor,\\" and  \\"Virtual XI.\\" I don't know; maybe the fact that \\"BNW\\"  can debut so high on my personal list is recommendation in itself. I hope  this helpful to prospective buyers.    Update 2005: This is now my thirdfavorite Iron Maiden album: Five Stars!
B00004STPT|5.0|After I watched &quot;Gladiator&quot;, I immediately hopped to the CD store next door to buy the soundtrack, and I'm not kidding.  I bought it RIGHT after the movie.  Very few movie soundtracks do this to me.  The most  recent one before &quot;Gladiator&quot; was, interestingly, &quot;The Thin  Red Line&quot;, which was also scored by Hans Zimmer (a most capable  composer who is finally beginning to have his talent noticed and  recognized).  As film music, it adds much of the atmosphere and mood, the  urgency and taut tension, without stealing it from the scene itself.  As a  soundtrack, it is more than just marvellous.  Whether it twists your heart  with rending pathos (many by Lisa Gerrard, another most capable musical  artist), or it pumps up your adrenaline for &quot;The Battle&quot;  (track  #3), it never stops in giving subtleties and nuances.  This is fun music,  but it's also thinking music, and that is very, very rare.   &quot;Gladiator&quot; 's soundtrack is most highly recommended, guaranteed  one of the best of the year.
6302881005|3.0|I saw this movie recently, purly because I'm a Robert Redford fan, but I also was curious about this movie.  Yes, it is a stupid plot, because what woman would think twice about being paid to have sex with Robert Redford?,  but it was surprisingly entertaining.  I was shocked that I was able to sit  through the whole thing.  But, Robert Redford did look handsome, so that  helped. I can only recommend this movie to someone that is a Robert Redford  fan, because the movie itself is really not that great, though it does make  you think - would you have sex with a man you didn't know, with the threat  of ruining your marriage, for 1 million dollars?  Um, if the man was a  billionare and looked like Robert Redford, and I was broke and my husband  looked like Woody Harrelson, I know I would.
078401020X|3.0|Most erotic thrillers are quite bad.  Oh, there are a few exceptions such as Brian De Palma's Body Double and Dressed to Kill but most of them have a straight-to-video quality.  As for Basic Instinct, it creates a question  that makes one ponder:  does a bad ending ruin an otherwise solid  movie?<br />Basic Instinct begins with a woman making love to a man tied to a  bedpost.  We can't see her face since it's covered by her blonde hair.  In  a moment of ecstasy, as the man reaches his climax, she pulls out an  icepick from underneath the bed and stabs him several times.  It's a  violent and rather shocking beginning.  Enter detective Nick Curran  (Michael Douglas), who seems hell bent on solving this case.  It seems the  murdered man was a wealthy former rock star and his girlfriend is the  primary suspect.  Her name is Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone), a novelist  who is also quite the seductress.  <br />There's one element to the case that  could either prove her innocence or her guilt and that is the fact that she  wrote a scene in her book identical with the murder that occurred.  Dr.  Beth Garner (Jeanne Tripplehorn) believes that Tramell is just using the  book as an alibi and that she really is the killer.  Curran, who at first  suspects her, begins to change his feelings when he starts falling for her.   The danger heightens as he becomes sexually involved with Tramell.<br />Basic  Instinct is fairly entertaining through all of its 129 minute running time.   It's suspense wavers a bit but it works when it's there.  The sex scenes  are also quite steamy.  The performances are also all-around solid.   Michael Douglas is convincing as the cop with an edge. Jeanne Tripplehorn  also delivers a good performance.  The real scene stealer, though, is  definitely Sharon Stone.  Her portrayal of a seductress is quite good but  she also shows moments of such innocence and emotion that it makes the  audience wonder if she is the killer or not.  Her performance was trulyOscar-caliber.<br />Now, onto what doesn't work.  There are some logic  loopholes and I seriously doubt the police are that dumb though those  aspects are fairly easy to overlook.  What really displeased me was the  film's ending.  Sure, the last several minutes are suspenseful but no real  plot twist occurs.  There are a bunch of red herrings thrown around to  confuse the audience and it really adds up to nothing.  The ending is  really just a form of manipulation and it's all enforced primarily by the  film's final scene, which left me feeling a bit cheated.  It doesn't make  the film terrible if that might be what you're thinking.  To some respect,  a lot of people might actually like the ending.  It does leave the idea of  a sequel open, which sounds like something of an interesting idea.
B000002JOH|5.0|I first listened to this album when it first came out in 1992, and I STILL put this album in my CD player. This CD is any thrashers paradise, coupling heavy riffs with a structured and precise beat that'll make every true CFH  wanna rock out. A perfect way to start or add on to the quintessential  heavy metal collection.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Whip out your spiked wrist bands, hang your Eddie posters back on the wall and don that leather jacket once more Iron Maiden is back in full force. After a six year absence of Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith, Iron Maiden  has decided to reunite to produce it's first studio album under the  original lineup ( with the exception on Jannick Gers) in over ten years.  &quot;Brave New World&quot; is an exceptional album from start to finish,  all 67 minutes of it. Bruce and Adrian shuffle back into the lineup like  they never missed a beat, you would never know they have been departed from  the band for such a long period of time. The vocals of Bruce Dickinson are  some of his finest to date, the guitar work is a phenomal mix of raw,  in-your-face rhythms and engaging harmonies delivered with flawless  percision. The band decided to keep Jannick Gers on guitar creating a very  potent three guitar arsenal. There are shades of vintage Maiden on such  tracks as &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; and &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot;  which will keep old-time metal heads banging thier heads with a sense of  urgency. After two medicore efforts in &quot;The X Factor&quot; and  &quot;Virtual XI&quot; and the drab vocals of Blaize Bailey it seemed the  band had dropped of the face of the Metal earth. &quot;Brave New  World&quot; is Iron Maiden's best effort since &quot;Powerslave&quot;,  showing that even in a day and age where heavy metal has seemed to have  gone the way of the Dodo the band can still maintain it's edge. If you are  an old Maiden fan you will find your self special ordering a record playing  and dusting off your old vinyl that you forgot you had. If you are new to  Iron Maiden, have a listen to the triumphant return of the greatest band in  the history of heavy metal.
B00004T9UF|5.0|eminem does it agine this cd it the probly the best cd ever phat beats and killer flows  the best songs are all the songs any person that dosent think eminem came out tight on this cd can eat as dick
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Although this is not the typical Iron Maiden, it is a spectacular production. The three-guitar-work sometimes is amazing. The best track of the album is The Nomad, but pay attention to Dream of mirrors and Blood  brothers.<br />Like i said before Iron Maiden will never disappoint their  fans. UP THE IRONS!
6303942830|5.0|I am a History Major specializing in Medieval Europe (400-1500AD) and Colonial North America (1585-1789) and so I first watched this movie with the critical eye of spotting any inaccuracies and misleading historical  truth, however 5 minutes into the movie I was so involved in the plot and  the story of the movie I could care less about how the accuracy level was.  This is a breathtaking movie from beginning to end. Daniel Day-Lewis  portrays the legendary Hawkeye so well, that I think James Fenmore Cooper  would give his approval.  Lewis gives Hawkeye courage and strength, yet  sensitivity when it matters most. Russel Means does a fantastic part as  Chingachgook, and Wes Means as the evil Magua, yet in this story as in the  book, you find out why Magua has turned vicious and cruel.  It is about  time that the background of Magua be told, and not just portrayed as being  evil for no reason. Madeleine Stowe is beautiful in this movie and I don't  blame Hawkeye for falling in love with her so quickly, I would to fall in  love with a woman like that.  The location is fantastic and beautiful, the  music is haunting and well placed, the dress and uniforms of the times are  right on target and the battle scenes are accurate as well. Both the French  and British viewpoints are well received as noble but dangerous enemies,  each trying to get more power in North America.  This is a movie that can  be shown in a High School or University U.S. History class and can be a  great starting point to analyze and talk about early Colonial History Of  America.  I also highly recommend this to anyone who wants to watch a first  rate movie!
B000002J0N|5.0|CSN's 1977 album is a classic. Harmony vocals may be out of fashion these days, but if you don't know this record, man you had better catch up. Both intimate and powerful, sad and hopeful, this record has no flaws. If you  want to escape from a world that is moving faster by the minute, this  record is sure to help. Some of the very best of Crosby Stills and Nash is  here on one CD. Get it.
0025002007|5.0|I have read many many other fiction books in my time, and this is most likely in second place of my top ten!
0312853238|1.0|Buy it for your adolescent kid if you must, and just hope he doesnt throw it in your face for insulting his intelligence.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This thing just rules. It will surely be considered a classic Maiden album. The first three songs are not that good, but from the fourth song on they really deliver the goods. Bruce has never sang so well and there are  lots of long, progressive songs.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|This is truly amazing stuff. Each C.D. is packed with obscure classics. Listening to this set restores my faith in rock-n-roll as a vital creative force. If you are sick of the obviousness and pretention of modern rock  then buy this and cleanse yourself. The best music always lays beneath the  surface.
6305776369|3.0|Being the SNL fan that I am, I eagerly rushed to Blockbuster as soon as &quot;Superstar&quot; appeared on the shelves. I rented the film to watch at my little sister's 8th birthday party, thinking that I, along with my  sister and her friends, would love it. Well, I was partly right. My sister  and her pals found the entire movie irresistibly, stomach-grippingly  hilarious, though they did not understand all the jokes (example: the  &quot;Let's Fight Venereal&quot; Talent Show). Though there were plenty of  funny bits (such as the &quot;Tree Scene,&quot; the cafeteria dance number,  the Mary vs. Evian fights, and Mary's talent show performance), I was not  too impressed. In addition, the film was just too long! I do, however, have  to say that I enjoyed Molly Shannon's fine acting. I didn't hate the movie,  but I think that &quot;Superstar&quot; is basically just another goofy  comedy for slightly immature moviegoers.
158234082X|1.0|Don't believe the hype--Anthony Bourdain isn't saying anything that George Orwell didn't already say (with a lot more flair) in Down and Out in Paris and London. Mostly, it's hard to love (or even care about) the ups and  downs of a narcissistic hack like Bourdain, whose writing is clearly geared  towards shock value rather than style or substance. Kitchen Confidential is  a undercooked mish-mash of personal history, kitchen tell-all, and  home-cooking tips. Don't give up your day job, Mr. Bourdain.
B000005QH3|5.0|There were 5 cars used (Chalengers). 4 had the 440 Magnum, 1 a 383 Magnum. Also, one car was a 1971 model, there is a scene where you can see the scoop on the rear quarter panel. Oz
6302752337|5.0|I have seen this movie several times &amp; I still think its one of the best movies ever made. Think of the freedom these two felt riding those awesome bikes cross-country.  It states almost exactly what the youth of  that period was trying to relate to society. That true freedom starts with  accepting yourself &amp; other people for who you or they are.   This is  one of them must-watch movies. Both Peter Fonda &amp; Dennis Hopper did a  great job in this movie.   I recommend this movie alot.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|With all the pre-release album hype over &quot;Brave New World&quot;, the newly reformed Iron Maiden had a high bar to reach to appease their fans. To say that this album delivers is a vast understatement. This album takes  little pieces from just about every Maiden album, mix them together with a  tad of progressive metal and hammer out a devastating masterpiece. This may  be the best Maiden album ever. &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot; will be a  Maiden concert staple for years. Mere words cannot describe how awesome  this album is, beginning to end. Bruce never sounded better, the 3-guitar  attack is crisp, tight and powerful, Harris' thumping bass hasn't missed a  beat and good ol' Nicko's drumming is top notch as always. It is imperative  for any Maiden fan or metal/hard rock fan to get this album as quickly as  possible. Hopefully this album is the first nail in the coffin of  Nirvana-inspired &quot;alternative&quot; rock/metal. Watch out metal  poseurs...Iron Maiden's gonna get 'cha, no matter how far...
B00004SCX6|2.0|i expected soooooo much better! this cd is ok, nothing special. i dont recommend this cd. this cd and her first cd sound the same to me
B000002KP3|5.0|without question t. rex's best effort. this is the place to start for new fans. i grew up listening to this almost daily and can't understand how anyone would consider their music collection complete withot a copy of this  disc.important stuff.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I loved this movie! This movie had all the ingredients: great cinematography,amazing special effects,and plot twists.This film was blend of gothic horror and detective genres.Burton's best movie since Batman!
B00000K31Q|5.0|I saw this movie expecting some stupid, everything is perfect, only in the movies romance, but saw a good show with, for the most part, a bown to earth movie.  I like Julia Stiles' role of the older sis.  She is a great  actress with much potencial.
0887309372|5.0|They never taught you any of this stuff while you were getting your MBA!  This book is a must read, must have for anyone who has anything to do with marketing.   The book definitely has a product focus, but many of the ideas  can also be used for services.  (Selling the Invisible is a good book if  you are more into the service area - but definitely read this one as well.)  The author does tend to overplay his ideas of the success or failure of a  product strictly on branding (without looking at marketplace changes) but  if you can overlook his bias - you will get a lot of mileage out of this  book.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I originally had no idea as to the story of this show, and frankly after I saw the first episode I was not all that impressed. Then as I started to watch the rest of it I really got into it. It's really a sophisticated show  with some great humor and wonderful philosophy on modern life. I whole  hardly recommend this show to singles and couples alike!  I great cast  coupled with a set of great scripts make this show a real treat
B00003CX59|5.0|I wished i had seen this movie on the big screen instead of renting it.  The images and way the film was done just seem as if they must be seen only on the big screen to really get the whole experience. But nonetheless, it  was a great film.  It had spooks, and the way it was filmed made everyone  look like Dracula's offspring.  Which was probably the best way too look in  Sleepy Hollow.   It wasn't too scary, maybe it could've been a little  scarier.  But it was well acted and well written, and directed brilliantly  by Tim Burton. Who i think is one of the best directors of today. Johnny  Depp brought the character of Ichabod Crane to life(i had only seen the  cartoon version of crane before this!) in a beautiful way.  he mastered the  fake english accent quite well too, if that is what accent he was supposed  to have.   Christine Ricci was perfectly cast as the young witch, and i  think she already looks that sallow and ghoulish, even without the  black/white/greenish film.  Christopher Walken was totally scary as the  Headless horseman with a head..he looks better without it...  well, if he  could have found a good dentist , he would have looked half way decent. All  in All, if you like a good spook story that isn't too scary for the kids,  this is a good movie to watch.  watch it with all the lights off!
B00004RHZU|5.0|This CD is the best CD I've ever heard. All the songs are excellent! I'm surprised it didn't sell good the first week. But that's only because the 1st single &quot;There You Go&quot; isn't the best song on the album. If  she had released a different single like &quot;Most Girls&quot; or  &quot;Split Personality&quot; I believe it would've sold more than *NSYNC'S  &quot;No Strings Attached&quot; or Santana's &quot;Supernatural&quot; P!NK  has a beautiful voice and I think she should definitely win a Grammy. But  the competition is gonna be hard with Britney Spears' &quot;Oops!...I Did  It Again&quot; and Toni Braxton's &quot;The Heat&quot;. But I'm sure that  the Grammy voters will take time to listen to her whole album and consider  her for the Best New Artist award. Well sorry  to make you waste your time  by reading this boring review. But it's just my opinion and I want everyone  to hear it. Anyway this CD is Great and any POP or R&amp;B lover will enjoy  it.<br />Also recommended: Sisqo &quot;Unleash The Dragon&quot;+ Big Pun  &quot;Yeeeah Baby&quot;+ Britney Spears &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot;+  Toni Braxton &quot;The Heat&quot; and Christina Aguilera {EXCELLENT!}
0345308239|4.0|Barbara Tuchman has a way of viewing history as few can.  Instead of falling back on just &quot;telling of a story,&quot; Tuchman does what few historians are able to pull off without sounding self-rightious.  She gives  us a comentary.  Kind of like the &quot;color-man&quot; while listening to  a sporting event, Tuchman examines the idea of &quot;folly,&quot; or the  persistent pursuit of a policy by government or those in power that is  &quot;contradictory to their own interests.&quot; Since a topic like this  could take volumes, the author chooses 4 primary historical examples: the  Fall of Troy, the breakup of of the Holy See in the 16th century, the  British monarchy's vain attempt to keep the American colonies, and  America's own arrogant persistence during the Vietnam War. <br />The fault in  this book is that this subject matter can be pretty exhausting even with  the only 450 page book.  The examples used are valid and make sense.  The  author finds something different within each one that allows us to see the  many levels of government folly.  However I found the chapters dealing with  the six terrible popes to be mind-numbing.  Perhaps it's due to the fact  that this history is not examined extensively in current day curricula like  the American Revolution and Vietnam, but I think this section was tedious  and repetitive.  Also, within the Vietnam chapters, Ms. Tuchman tends to  reveal her adoration towards Kennedy--like many historians of her era--and  her disdain of the Johnson and Nixon administrations.  This can distort her  objective examination of the topic in some areas, but if it is noticed and  ignored, the rest of the study is outstanding.  Some may read these  excerpts and label them as &quot;liberal&quot; but they are ignorant of  history.  <br />In any event the book is an excellent supplement to studying  Machiavellian politics.  The governments' &quot;wood-headedness&quot;  towards policy that is counter to anything rational (as well as contrary to  respected voices of reason) is something that all ordinary members and  voters of a democratic society ought to take heed of.  <br />The example of  Troy is used simply as an example of how Homer and the Greeks had foreseen  and probably experienced, the lack of reason when pursuing particular  policy.  This is usually done because those in power are so consumed by  power and what it brings, that their arrogance and ignorance blinds them.  <br />Without carrying this review too far into the book's wonderful and  biting commentary, I will just say that this book is recommended, but not  for those that have no real experience with intellectual historical study.   Some areas will be interesting, such as the Vietnam chapters, but otherwise  the book would dull the amateur historian.  But if you do wish to challenge  yourself and your understanding of how power corrupts and destroys after it  corrupts, then &quot;March of Folly&quot; will be admired.  <br />All  politicians should be forced to read this book.  Kind of like a supplement  instructional manual for their job...paid for by taxpayers.  Within 100  years, they might actaully learn something.
6305807086|4.0|Being John Malkovich is an original, funny movie full of plot twists. The most interesting aspect of the film was the way it showed that Craig's talent in in puppeteering was a valid art form. The movie begins with an  amazing puppet sequence where we get a glimpse of Craig's talent. He is  misunderstood though, as he is ridiculed throughout the film for trying to  be a success with the art form that he loves. Not until he is able to use  the notoriety of Malkovich, is he able to show the world what the artistry  of puppeteering is really about. I think this is true in the real world as  well. With all the different talents out there that people possess, I think  it's a shame that only a few are accepted and promoted by a mass audience.  It's a shame that we will miss the work of talented people, simply because  their art isn't as readily accepted or paid for.
0790734850|5.0|A DVD should offer more than just a nice copy of the film.  The better ones have behind the scenes stuff, interviews, bloopers, on location info.  LA Confidential is an outstanding film, and for people who love it, the DVD  is a must see.  It has tons of extra material and answered all the  questions I had like: how they end up with two Australian actors,  what  they really sound like,  what kind of research went into the film, where I  would find the real locations in LA--  It was all there, and well done.
6305807086|4.0|Being John Malkovich is an original, funny movie full of plot twists. The most interesting aspect of the film was the way it showed that Craig's talent in in puppeteering was a valid art form. The movie begins with an  amazing puppet sequence where we get a glimpse of Craig's talent. He is  misunderstood though, as he is ridiculed throughout the film for trying to  be a success with the art form that he loves. Not until he is able to use  the notoriety of Malkovich, is he able to show the world what the artistry  of puppeteering is really about. I think this is true in the real world as  well. With all the different talents out there that people possess, I think  it's a shame that only a few are accepted and promoted by a mass audience.  It's a shame that we will miss the work of talented people, simply because  their art isn't as readily accepted or paid for.
6302968135|5.0|I think that this movie is a fantastic movie it tells you how african american and white people live. It also tells you a lot about how you always have a way out. In this movie &quot;Paco, Miclo and Cruz&quot; get  along in life and how one of the friends go from bad to good(Paco)and how  another goes from good to bad(Miclo) they both grow up to love each other  but one of the cousins (Paco) has to show him how bad is always is worse  than good. This movie teaches a lot about friendship and group work and is  one of the best gang movies I have seen and I recomend all people to see  it.
B00003CXFV|4.0|I do not know what I had expected, when I went to see this film - probably  some light Julia Roberts-movie in the tradition of Pretty Woman and Notting  Hill - but I got so much more. I left the cinema with a lot of thoughts on  my mind. About how we treat our loved ones. About the extent to which we  should trust the commercial companies we are surrounded by. About how we  should balance our work lives and private lives. About how personal  relations and decent behaviour towards other people matter. Not that the  movie gives any predefined answers - it points out that the answers are not  written in black and white, you have to prioritize and make your own  choice, and it will not always leave you feeling good all of the time. And  if you are not a Julia Roberts-fan, don't let this keep you away from Erin  Brockovich. Most of the time, it did not even cross my mind who played the  part - the character is stronger than the actor.
B00004STPT|4.0|Each year, the number of quality orchestral soundtracks diminishes, and the soundtrack to Gladiator is so far the only excellent work in this genre I've heard this year.  Lisa Gerrard receives co-credit with Zimmer, but her  material on the album is only a fraction of the whole.  Still, her work  provides a memorable, spiritual depth to this fascinating musical journey,  and it contrasts perfectly with Zimmer's music, which switches between  robust glory, ethnic flavored themes, and violent pounding action rhythms.   (I agree with the Amazon reviewer, &quot;Mars the Bringer of War&quot; must  have been the temp music for the battle scenes.)<br />The album makes for a  unified experience, especially with most of tracks blending into the  following track.  The two ten minute action tracks (Battle; Barbarian  Horde) are exhilirating and incredibly suspenseful as they build up to  their frenzy.  The last three tracks provide a moving coda where Gerrard  and Zimmer weave in and out of each other to send our hero to his final  reward.<br />A worthwhile dramatic listening experience, even if you haven't  seen the film (and you should).
0373834454|4.0|In order to help her oldest sister and her sister's suitor, Horatia Winwood proposes a marriage of convenience to Marcus, Earl of Rule, which sets in motion a novel that was intermittently excellent and  frustrating.<br />This is a book that vacillates in the amount of interest it  elicits. I was prepared to admire Horatia without question because of her  nerve when it came to propositioning the Earl of Rule. Once this marriage  was set in motion, however, I literally felt my interest dwindle.<br />I found  myself on the brink of disliking the heroine who had initially shown so  much promise, with her daring and her stutter, because she conducted  herself so senselessly during her marriage. <br />But this novel presents a  tremendous turnaround as the narrative, which passively described their  marriage from a distance, begins to localize itself and focus again on  Horry and Marcus. This shift in narrative style allows the reader to  reassociate themselves with these characters who, along with an pleasantly  active plot, drive the story successfully onwards toward a satisfactory  ending.
6302517036|5.0|This movie is about a youth who becomes suspicious about his neighbor's activities when screams are heard late into the night next door.  I highly recommend this movie to people who love suspense and horror films!  I think  there should be a Fright Night official webpage with all sorts of stuff  containing pictures, scenes of the movie, and everything about the movie,  with sound effects and even movie clips.  That would be something!  (Also,  Character profiles-creative ones, for that matter)
6305181772|5.0|With the sequel realeased at thre moment, this is a must be watched movie. If you like action movies with great effects and storline you will love this movie, Tom Cruise fits the role like a glove, if you like James Bond,  secret agent movies as I do then I would say this is one of the best  non-bond movies around. The story line invloves Tom Cruise as typical  secret agent on a mission, suddenly the mission goes wrong and all his team  get wiped out, Tom is accused of sabotaging the mission and needs to find  out what really happend. This is an ideal opening to a superb mystery  action film. If the sequel comes close to its predecessor then your in for  another thrill ride. The DVD is superb, both formats and awsome dolby 5.1  sound, if you have seen the movie on video, buy the DVD to experience it as  it was meant to watched.
0312853238|5.0|I'll keep this short.  Ender's Game is a very entertaining and suspenseful book.  It is a lot of fun to read, and I recomend it if you're looking for an entertaining book to read, but if you're conserned with the quality of  the word by word writing, things like very artistic speach, then this is  not a book for you.  It is not meant to be annylized.  It does raise some  interesting philosophical questions, but mainly it's good for pleasure  reading.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock HAS been on the scene for over ten years as many have been purporting.<br /><br />Never was I a big fan of the kid in the past, due to my bitter tasting apathy that had grown out of the demise of 80's rock and metal.  Even now, as it seems that the rock scene may implode on itself due to the  idiocy of a certain sell-out band that I won't mention (Metallica) who have cried war against their most loyal fans.<br /><br />Insiders and hard core followers have whined through the years about the current fusion that's been taking place (since around  NWA's Straight Outta Compton and Ice Cube's Amerikkka's Most Wanted.)<br /><br />However, they can all get in line, Kid Rock's 'Devil Without a Cause' is so solid, the  unfamiliar ear that opens up will not be disappointed. This is not Boy Band garbage nor is it anything like what rock once was. Thank god. This is a CD to be sifted and carried with until you lose it, break it or just scratch it unplayable.
067088278X|5.0|I bought this book for my kids because the title was so familiar to me. After reading the first page, I realized that I read this one as a child. This book has wonderful illustrations. You'll want to give your child some  time to soak up the content of each picture. Children love books that offer  them a chance to participate, and this one definitely does that. The  rhyming words are fun to read for the beginner, and even adults can't help  but shout out, &quot;I spy Tom Thumb!&quot;
B000007177|5.0|This is not a good disc for the fair-weather Tull listener.  This disc is a treat for &quot;hardcore&quot; Tull fans who love virtually everything Tull has released.  Overall a solid recording, but only worth buying if you  are a true Tull fan.
0679720200|5.0|I think many people are missing the main point and don't understand why Camus created Meursault. When I read this book as a high school student, I thought Meursault was a &quot;stranger&quot; because his morality and  conscience were paralyzed. But now, I realize that I was wrong. He is a  &quot;stranger&quot; because he is the only honest one; he does not lie. In  other words, if you don't lie, you are idetified as a &quot;stranger.&quot;  <br />I came to this conclusion after reading The Myth of Sisyphus. The  stranger is not a denial of life, and Camus was never pessimistic about  life. He rather had passion for living, and he says that our pride and  passion never let us throw everything away but make us work and struggle  toward absurdity. Camus says that Meursault is not a moron, but he is a  passionate man who loves the sun that leaves no shadow. <br />There is no God,  and we have no other life but the ones we live now. What, then, can we do?  Although the society is absurd, we shall never let go of our pride and  passion for living and shall give the best of ourselves to whatever comes  before us. <br />The Stranger is a good read, but you have to read Camus's  other novels in order to understand it. Read The Myth of Sisyphus and A  Happy Death.
B00003CXAR|5.0|&quot;Jaws&quot; is my all time favorite movie.  it's that simple.  I have  seen it so many times - I can't even count.  I have the VHS Special Edition  &amp; have been waiting for it to be released on DVD for quite awhile now.   Speilberg's summer thriller of 1975 is still the best shark movie of all  time.  It will have you on the edge of your seat until the very end.  If by  some freak chance - you haven't seen this movie yet.  Get it.  Watch it.   Love it!
052594527X|5.0|I would first like to warn anyone that this book is a fiction novel not a research book about this particular painting from Vermeer. The novel and story is great though, when looking at the paintings after it is nice to  have a little story to go along with them. For anyone that likes fiction  based on real life facts kind of stories, i strongly recommend this book.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens DVD Special Edition has deleted scenes added right back into the movie.  When watching Aliens - there were always a few things that didn't make sense.  Like sometihing had been edited out of the movie that might  shed some light on a few comments.   The DVD edition also has a scene where  Ripley finds out what happened to here daughter.  You get to see Newt's  family - Mom, Dad &amp; Timmy.  There's a little chemistry between Ripley  &amp; Hicks.   Vasquez, Hicks (Michael Biehn) &amp; Hudson (Bill Paxton)  have parts in many other Cameron films.  They are both in Titanic.  Vasquez  is in Terminator 2 as Janelle, the foster mother.  Paxton has a very, very  small part in the beginning on Terminator as a punk rocker encountering  Arnold. Michael Biehn we all know starred in Terminator &amp; played the  psycho HPNS affested Lt. Kofy in The Abyss.  Rather well I might add.  All  of these actors are brought together for a wonderful movie that will have  you on the enge of your seat til the very end.  The extra footage adds to  the movie.  You will definately be glad you purchased this DVD. I was.
6304044836|5.0|Elegant soirees, fashion shoots, strolls about Paris, romance, witty dialogue - this movie has it all.  An amazingly strong cast graces this light-hearted romantic comedy that also has a wonderful soundtrack.  The  music truly adds another sweeping dimension to the film.  Julia Ormond is  stunning yet sweet as Sabrina, and her transformation from the dowdy,  lovelorn adolescent to glamorous sophisticate was very well done.  Her  quiet, smooth voice opens the movie and flows over tranquil scenes of the  luxurious Larrabee estate, Harrison Ford is the stoic Linus Larrabee the  cold, sharp businessman (&quot;the world's only living heart-donor&quot;)  who learns to love under the gentle guidance of a mature and wise Sabrina.   Greg Kinnear is an extremely likable David, the younger son.  Nancy  Marchand is a hoot as Maude, the matriarch, who dons some rather elaborate  evening gowns!  John Wood is a most distinguished chauffeur, and audiences  will respect him more than the original.  Even Mac, the loyal, ever so  efficient secretary, has some great one-liners.<br />The original made me  squirm with Hepburn's portrayal of an embarrassingly  immature, unbalanced  Sabrina.  The remake stresses her psychological maturing (&quot;I found  myself in Paris&quot;) in addition to the physical makeover.  More  importantly, Bogart and Hepburn didn't give me the same thrill that Ford  and Ormond do.  I think they really enjoyed making this movie together -  their shared smiles and laughter on Martha's Vineyard and in the Moroccan  restaurant seemed genuine.  It's more than good acting.  I know several  will disagree with me, but even those who prefer the original have to admit  that the scenes in Paris, beautifully shot on location, are a vast  improvement to the old version.  This movie is one of my favorites, and I'm  glad others see the merit in this remake and aren't dismissing it as  readily as the critics did.
0026009102|5.0|The Fountanhead is a masterfully done novel. The way that Rand tells her story, and incorporates her philosophies into it is positivley outstanding. In my eyes, this is perhaps the best book I have ever read.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|WOW! Hot dang diggity dog!  I haven't been this excited about a CD since I found the &quot;Eagles Greatest Hits&quot;   The new &quot;Phil Collins ....Hits&quot;  will blow you over! <BR> He will take you from the 60's  with the remake of  &quot;You Can't Hurry Love&quot; by the Supremes  to  the last decade with  the sultry pouty sexy &quot;In the Air Tonight&quot;  to his new release of Another Day in Paradise. Atlantic Recording has  finally released something that people between the ages of 38-58 will just  LOVE!
B00000J7J4|1.0|First of all, its old school.  If you dont like this kind of music in the first place, this CD wont make you like it.  The songs are nothing to get excited about or anything.  If you are fan of Santana and his style of  music, go get it because it sounds just like it did back 30 yrs ago.  But  if you're not a die-hard fan, save your money, i cant imagine how it  possible got the best album award last year, its not good, its boring.   Simple as that.
B000002B30|5.0|This cd does what it is supposed to do: it gets you hooked on Springsteen.  It may not have all Springsteen greats, but how can you fit them all on one cd?  It does, however, include plenty of songs that stir your soul,  evoke passions, and keep your head bobbing to a great beat.<br /> This is  not a cd that you skip around with, playing a few songs here and there.   Listen to it straight through and you'll be more than satisfied.  Each song  has its own aspect to love.  All are packed with passion and their lyrics  are no less than genius.  Don't get me started on Thunder Road. And the  great thing is you don't get bored after hours and hours of this cd, just  the opposite.  There are enough great selections so that you have to run as  fast as you can to the nearest store and grab as many of his albums as you  can <br /> The new tracks are a pleasure.  Well, they aren't all really  new- Murder Incorporated and This Hard Land were both written in '82.  By  the way, This Hard Land really wraps the album up on a great note.  <br />  And so of course a long time Springsteen fan will have most of the tracks-  the album is called Bruce Springsteen - Greatest Hits isn't it?  But it is  a fantastic introduction to Bruce as well as collection to play right  through.  It is a journey well worth taking.
B00004SCX6|3.0|after the huge xitement over getting the CD the first day it came out, i was slightly disappointed with the music.  Of course Oops, and some of the other songs are great but I still feel the first CD was easier to enjoy.   Personally my love for pop music has shifted more to Mandy's style as of  now.
B000002NJM|5.0|This soundtrack is absolutely compelling because it meshes beautifully with the scenes, acted brillantly by an incredible ensemble cast of assorted hero/anti-heroes and icons from the 70's, 80's and 90's. The mix  of songs, especially the inclusion of Johnny Cash's mournful and classic  rendition of &quot;Tennessee Stud,&quot; provides superb insights into the  souls of this collection of people on the periphery of society.  The music  like the film captures that &quot;desperation&quot; of &quot;hustlers&quot;  out for their biggest and probably last &quot;score.&quot;  This is perhaps  one of the finest movie scores ever assembled for one of the best movies  ever made.  The incredibly rich layers of visual, aural, and emotive cues  deserves multiple viewings. The soundtrack will reverberate in your soul.
B000002UB3|5.0|WOW! Incredible! Who knew that the Lord loved something more than his daddy! Whenever you hear thunder, that's me playing &quot;Come Together&quot; reallly loud! Those angels have popped ear-drums. But to  make it up to them, I play &quot;Because&quot;. It's so smooth. Over-all,  this is the best album by the best group, composed of the 4 best humans.  Yes, even better than my mom, Mary.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This cd was tight.  I loved it.  All my homies wanted to listen to it.  There are a lot of tight raps on it.  All the songs are funny and have nice beats.  Eminem is great and so is Marshall Mathers.  My favorite songs are  tracks 8,11, and 16.  PSA2000, Steve Berman, Paul, Ken Kannif, and Kim are  not rap songs but either skits or Eminem killing his wife, Kim Scott, even  though they got remarried after Slim Shady.
B00003CWTI|4.0|After a sprawling opus like &quot;Boogie Nights&quot; one might have  though PT Anderson wouldn't immediately set out to top himself.  That is  not the case with &quot;Magnolia&quot; as Anderson has created a longer,  more daring, more complicated, and more cohesive film that rather than  sprawling several decades spans just a single day.  &quot;Magnolia&quot; is  certainly a film that challenges much of the formulaic tendencies of  Hollywood, and for that alone is commendable. It is also mostly brilliant.   However, I think Anderson's reach sometimes escapes his grasp. At the very  least he had created a film great enough for us to endessly debate its  merits as art and entertainment.  <br />&quot;Magnolia&quot;  is the story of  about more than ten prominent characters in a single day in the Valley. The  three hours of the film are basically an exercise in cross-cutting as the  stories gradually begin to interweave into a (mostly) cohesive whole.  One  has to be paying careful attention for about the first hour or becomming  lost in the complexity is quite a realistic option. Overall the ensemble  cast reads like a who's who of actors and they all deliver.  Special  mentions to Julianne Moore and Tom Cruise for particularly outstanding  work. <br />On top of the intrguing storyline is Anderson's immense skill as a  director.  His ability to dazzle us visually while advancing the narrative  is quite a feat.  I was most impressed by how well he is able to shift from  moments frequent of comic bliss to the more intense and grating dramatic  sequences. Much of this success was due to his varied and adventerous  camerawork.  Anderson is a good starting point for gaining of appreciating  the director's art, mainly because his style is so extroverted.  It is also  quite dense. In spite of the three hour running length, he's scrambling to  cram themes and recurrent images into every scene.  <br />I don't feel  &quot;Magnolia&quot; is the utter masterpiece that some are already making  it out to be. I was however, compelled enough to watch it three times when  it was running in the theaters and have already pre-ordered the DVD which  has many promising extras as part of the New-Line Platinum series (see the  &quot;Boogie Nights&quot; DVD).  <br />Ultimately, &quot;Magnolia&quot; is a  film that should appeal to anyone who hopes to be dazzled by the power of  cinema.  Its also an important look at the tendencies of the newest  generation of American film-makers.  PT Anderson already provided us with  an impressive corpus of work and hopefully many more of his films will  grace screens around the world.
B00001SIES|3.0|All this comparisons between Muse and Radiohead are boring me as possible! Muse music sound a little like Radiohead's, and so. personnaly, some of Muse guitar sound remind me a french rock group: Noir Dsir, but i don't  try to find if they are better or worse because somehow they are different.  This band has a very good potential, but it needs  a little time to really  find its own way. French people has the chance to have seen them live, in a  TV program: Nulle Part Ailleurs,that's the first time i heard them, and  believe me, they were amazing!so much that i was a little desappointed by  the CD. They were totally in their music and the public was hang on matt's  guitar. Some thing has happend this day that makes me say that Muse could  be one of the greatest rock group of the next years if they take the good  turn.
B000021XS0|5.0|The number of times I've listened to the disk is measure enough.  No artist out there is  creating &quot;images&quot; like this.  The fact that they are not limelight appears to fuel thier creativity.  Scenes lightens  up a bit and someday the world will get it.  Until then...
B00004T9UF|5.0|NO WORDS CAN DESCRIBE THIS I LOVE IT ALL EVEN THOUGH 'KIM' IS A BIT SHOCKING. ITS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY HIP-HOP FAN
B000021XS0|5.0|The number of times I've listened to the disk is measure enough.  No artist out there is  creating &quot;images&quot; like this.  The fact that they are not limelight appears to fuel thier creativity.  Scenes lightens  up a bit and someday the world will get it.  Until then...
0316920045|5.0|When I picked up this book, I intended to read just the first few pages to see what it was about, and maybe finish some other time.  1100 pages later, I finally put it down.  OK, I didn't read it all in one sitting, but the single mindedness you could call an addiction.  Which is appropriate,  because this book is about addiction in all sorts of forms: drugs, alcohol,  athletics, entertainment, and so forth. The scope DFW attempts (and  succeeds) is amazing: every page, every chapter is a constant surpise.  DFW  sets up his own kind of reality, and then stretches that reality to the  breaking point.  To try to summarize or encapsulate in a 1000 words is  impossible.  INFINITE JEST is comic and tragic, science fiction and  mystery, socio-political commentary and literary fiction.  Now for the bad  news.  Sometimes, the writing is....pretentious. The footnotes get to be a  little much.  It is as if DFW is showing off his virtuosity at wordplay for  the sake of showing off.  He actually addresses this criticism in a very  good interview ................. INFINITE JEST is not an &quot;easy read,&quot; but it is  well worth the effort.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This is by far my favorite Pearl Jam album. This seems to be the album that No Code and Yeild were set out to be, but instead came short. Those were more like stepping stones that would allow PJ to make the beautiful  music that is made on Binaural. These songs are not poppy, not bursting  with tremendous energy, or even catchy. However, they seem to strike a  chord in my soul every time they are played. The emotions and feelings that  this album gives off are just amazing. To some they may seem strange, but  are instead incredible works of art. Of course there is the notion that  everyone has different opinions. I myself can't understand why anyone  wouldn't like Binaural. But hey, people are stupid enough to listen to Limp  Bizkit. The only way to describe this album is to say that it is amazingly  artistic and emotional. Buy it....and if you don't like it, then you have a  bad idea of music is and should be.  wow..........Thanks for the tunes PJ
B00000IAU3|5.0|&quot;Haven't I heard this before?&quot;  Is what you may say after listening to this enjoyable CD.  Yes you have, but, music like is always a treat.  Dido's voice is soft and angelic and carries itself well through  each of the songs.  My favorites are &quot;Here with me&quot; and  &quot;Don't think of me&quot;, which are very well put together and are  definite stand-outs, even though everything included here is easy on the  ears.  With talent like this, you just can't be disappointed!
B00004T8RK|5.0|I haven't heard anyone ever say that Pearl Jam has sold out. Some people think they have?  WHOOAA...I never knew that. Pearl Jam has never sold out. Lets put it this way: NO MTV, CONSTANT DIVERSITY, and their best  selling album was their first. Excuse me but WHAT THE HELL?  .....Oh yeah.  Binaural is my fav. PJ album.
B00004SU5J|5.0|The Tourist is, if I am not mistaken, St.Germain's first full-length CD since &quot;Boulevard&quot;, five years ago.  The long wait was well worth it.  Published by the Blue Note records (which speaks by itself), the  Tourist's jazz samples are lovingly reinvented and seamlessly altered and  mixed with modern, 'urban' rhythm and beats and completed by Ludovic  Navarre and additional participation of Pascal Ohze (trumpet), Edouard  Labor (sax, flute), Alexandre Destrez (keys), Idrissa Diop (talking drum),  Carneiro (percussion) and Claudio de Qeiroz (baryton) plus the sonorous  guitar of the &quot;legendary (Ernest) Ranglin, one of the great unsung  guitarists in jazz and Caribbean music&quot; (The Penguin Guide to Jazz on  CD).  Particularly interesting is the transformation of &quot;Harry's  Philosophy&quot; from a desolate blues miniature of John Lee Hooker (taken  from the soundtrack to &quot;Hot Spot&quot;, by M. Davis, J.L. Hooker, A.  Cooper, T. Mahal and R. Rogers) to almost cheerful dance track with a  &quot;twist&quot;.  Other highlights of my choice: the voice of Marlena  Shaw over a loop of Dave Brubeck's Take Five (&quot;Rose Rouge&quot;),  excellent &quot;Land of...&quot; with soulful introduction on organ and  piano, and great funky saxophones, delicate guitar by E. Ranglin on  &quot;Montego Bay Spleen&quot;, the upbeat spider piano dance of the  &quot;Latin Note&quot;... and there are plenty of other musical pleasures in  the 60 minutes of the Tourist.<br />&quot;Boulevard&quot; was very good, but  &quot;Tourist&quot; is better, more dense, rounded and mature.  Get them  both!  Beautiful art work for the cover, too.
1559408898|5.0|One of the finest science fiction films of the 1980's, in fact one of the finest Hollywood films of the 1980's, 'Robocop' is a dark, extremely violent satire on all kinds of things, most notably television and big  business. Featuring a mixture of hot military hardware, and a self-mocking  tone that makes you slightly ashamed to be enjoying the hot military  hardware, it's probably Paul Verhoven's finest 80 minutes, and spawned two  of the most dismal sequels since 'Grease 2' and the one that came after  'Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid', you know - the 'prequel'.<br />On DVD,  it's tops - one-time Laser Disc specialists Criterion know what they're  doing. The picture and sound quality is excellent, and the extra bits are  extremely good - a set of amusing storyboards (which are presented in a  dynamic fashion - you get to watch somebody jiggling the paper around as  ED209 blows away a hapless executive), and some extra violence are the  stand-outs.
B00004RE7C|4.0|This film is the second in a &quot;trilogy&quot; that began with Star Trek II and ended with Star Trek IV. I consider these three movies to be among the greatest Star Trek stories ever told, and this one, titled, &quot;The  Search for Spock,&quot; quite satisfyingly continues the development of the  theme first discussed by Kirk and Spock in Spock's cabin in Star Trek  II--the good of the one versus the good of the many. Spock believed that  the good of the many outweigh the good of the few or the one, and, in Star  Trek II, he sacrificed his life to save the rest of the crew. And now, in  this film, quite befittingly, the crew sacrifice their lives and their  futures to save Spock. What a beatutiful, marvelous dichotomy the writers  have presented in these two selfless acts. Early in Star Trek IV, Spock's  mother Amanda eloquently explains to her son why his human friends did what  they did. These are the things that make Star Trek great. Harve Bennett and  Nicholas Meyer, among others, deserve a great deal of credit for making  these movies the gems that they are.<br />To fully enjoy the concepts and  principles dealt with in Star Trek III, I recommend that the viewer also  see Star Trek II and Star Trek IV (all in numerical order, of course).
B00000IMTF|5.0|Rainbow's best line-up's only studio album. Highly recommended and a must for beginners and devoted fans alike. It features Blackmore's best-ever guitar playing. Especially check out the solos in Stargazer and Light in  the Black, they are simply amazing! Also recommended for all hard rock  guitar players, who will realize after listening to this album how great  (and underrated) a guitar player Blackmore is. An excellent overall album!
B0000028PI|5.0|The Last Temptaion is a true return to form for Alice, stemming away from his more commercial 80's direction, and returning to the atmosphere of 'Welcome To My Nightmare'.<br />The plot or concept once again concerns little Steven prior to his insane babblings in 'Welcome To My Nightmare'. There aren't any 'Poison's' or 'Feed My Frankensteins' here but there weren't meant to be. This is a truly well executed concept album that you should really listen to as a whole. Sure you can enjoy the songs individually, but as a whole album, it's ingenious the way the songs all link to tell a complex story.<br />Thematically, it explores forbidden love, the loss of innocence, temptation, greed, insanity, death; all the usual Alice ingredients that mad his early work so great. It's probably his heaviest album also, with the exception of the sequel 'Brutal Planet'. Truly excellent
B000002MUQ|5.0|From the fast-paced rockers &quot;Big Fat Money&quot; and &quot;Amsterdam&quot; to the dark and powerful &quot;Don't Tell Me (What Love Can Do)&quot; and &quot;The Seventh Seal&quot; to the beautiful  ballads &quot;Not Enough&quot; and &quot;Take Me Back (Deja Vu)&quot;,  Balance delivers on all levels.<br />Sammy Hagar, who has never been a good  lyricist delivers his best -- and worst -- lyrics to date.  The lyrics to  &quot;Amsterdam&quot; are bloody awful -- &quot;wham bam oh  Amsterdam&quot;?  C'mon, Sammy, that's bad even for you.  But Sammy makes  up for this with the wonderful bittersweet lyrics to &quot;Take Me Back  (Deja Vu)&quot; and the intelligent lyrics of &quot;Don't Tell Me (What  Love Can Do)&quot; (even though I still haven't made sense of the title or  the chorus).  As usual, Sammy's vocal melodies are catchy and  infectious.<br />Eddie Van Halen is as good as he always is -- which is to  say, great.  I love the guitar sound on this album.  <br />In some subtle  ways, I think Balance is somewhat of a natural prequel to Van Halen III.  I  can sense Eddie Van Halen's urge to experiment on some tracks (listen to  &quot;Strung Out&quot; and you'll know what I mean) but he seems held back  a bit.  Fortunately, Eddie's creativity explodes on Van Halen III (a fine  treat).<br />Balance is an excellent album, just as good as any of Van Halen's  previous work (with the possible exception of their self-titled debut).
B00004STPT|5.0|This soundtrack, fits in perfectly with the movie.  If you've seen the movie, all the emotion will come back to you after listening to this CD.  If you have not yet seen the movie yet, it is still a very decent CD.  It's  a good mix of lots of new age sounds, integrated with inspirational songs,  taken from fighting sequences in the movie.  If you have seen the movie,  this CD deserves a 5, if you have not, I would give it a 4, either way, a  decent choice for someone's collection.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|hands down, this is not only the best rage album ever, but one of the greatest rock albums ever.  it combines rage's political feelings with great insturmentals.  it kicks off with the highly rythmical  &quot;testify&quot;.  it soons moves in2 the flagship song and catchiest  tune &quot;guerilla radio&quot;.  next is a true insturmental and lyrical  masterpiece, &quot;calm like a bomb&quot;.  then comes a song with great  sound and meaning, &quot;mic check&quot;, my initial favorite on the Cd  after hearing it once through.  next comes a classic rage sound in  &quot;sleep now in the fire&quot;.  &quot;born of a broken man&quot;  provides a deep and slower interlude.  &quot;born as ghosts&quot; sets  forth the harsh realities of the world and displays some great guitar and  bass sounds.  following this, &quot;maria&quot;, one of the best songs on  the record, describes the hard life of a sweatshop worker.  &quot;voice of  tha voiceless&quot; is the most overtly political song and is an ode to the  convicted cop-killer Mumia Abu-Jamal.  &quot;new millenium homes&quot;  features a great beat that keeps u listening and energized.  the next song,  &quot;ashes in the fall&quot; is the masterpiece of the album and 2 me, the  greatest song ever written.  this amazing album ends with a great song  devoted to the zapata movement for freedom in central and south america  called &quot;war within a breath&quot;.  all in all this album is worth  &quot;ashes in the fall alone&quot;, and is definetly worth &quot;gurilla  radio&quot;, &quot;mic check&quot;, and &quot;maria&quot;, and every song  is worth listening to over and over w/out skipping any.  peace out.  FREE  MUMIA!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Thrilling is an understatement. It's good to have Bruce and Adrian back in the band. WOW! You just have to listen to 'The thin line between love and hate'... very unlike Maiden's earlier stuff... yet phenomenal! <br />Other  favorites on this are 'Brave New World', 'Dream of Mirrors'and 'Out of the  Silent Planet'...<br />Probably the only things that are missing are the  hollowing screams and the drum rolls.<br />Still it's a great record. No  filler tracks... and all songs are quite complex!
0316920045|3.0|There are over 300 people who have written reviews of Infinite Jest on Amazon.com, and not only have I read DFW's postpostmodern tome, but I have also read all the reviews on this Web site; after which, it is fairly  clear, to me, anyway, that a review written on March 23, 1999, entitled  &quot;you guys should have zero stars,&quot; was, in fact, written by DFW  himself.  Go check it out; tell me DFW wasn't getting a kick out of reading  the volleying back and forth (pardon the pun) between Rave Review/Horrible  Review, and decided to lob one more joke upon the English-reading public.   <br />Like &quot;Ulysses&quot; and &quot;Finnegan's Wake&quot; (and anything  Pynchon ever wrote), &quot;Infinite Jest&quot; is a (sophisticated)  joke--only DFW went so far as to tell us (IN THE TITLE!).  Of course,  there's nothing wrong with a joke--even a long one--as long as it's told  well.  (I do not, however, intend to tell you which I think it is--and  please don't take my silence as a stance of disfavor.)<br />I have nothing to  add, good or bad, that other readers haven't already posited about IJ.  But  I do have something to suggest concerning the phenomenon of IJ:  The 20th  century began with Joyce and ended with DFW.  Did we (Literature) ever get  anywhere?  This is to say, is it now (and perhaps forvever) the mark of a  great writer to thrust at least one book upon the reading public that not  only calls for the death of way too many trees, but which can only be  appreciated by a very select-few readers in any given literate society?   Was that the great leap in literature undertaken during arguably the most  eventful century in human history?<br />The 'point' of &quot;Ulysses&quot; and  &quot;Finnegan's Wake&quot; was that no one ever needed to write something  like that again; just as Samuel Beckett should be the only playwright to  ever write a play that has no words!  Once something like this has  &quot;been done,&quot; what's the point of repeating it?  <br />Look at  Borges.  Easily Joyce's equal, Borges only &quot;invented&quot;  Ulysses-like epics in his short stories.  To actually write such a book,  after Joyce, was a waste of a decade of life.  Novelists like Pynchon and  DFW are drawing a picture of a person staring into a mirror who sees a  person staring into a mirror who sees a person staring into a mirror who  sees a person staring into a mirror of...Infinite Regress (Jest).<br />Anyway,  something to think about.  Was/Is IJ really necessary?  Ulysses, I believe,  was.  <br />I would judge IJ, in part, based on DFW's other works.  (Why?  It  seems only fitting, since anything he ever writes in the future will only  be measured by IJ.)  He's a lousy non-fiction writer, that's for sure, and,  like Annie Dillard has promised to never write another novel, I hope DFW  vows to never write another essay.  As for DFW's fiction, he's somewhere in  the middle of the road, definitely below Don DeLillo, and definitely above  Douglas Coupland.  That's why I gave this book 3 stars.<br />P.S.  If you're  going to read a 1,000-page book, I would suggest Canopus in Argos or The  Holy Bible.<br />P.P.S.  Of course, since the dawn of Catch-22, no one ever  needed to write another word of fiction--ever; including me.
B00004SVIK|4.0|This 2 disc set is one of the classiest and most astounding achievements in rock music - which says a lot when the band is Pink Floyd.<br />Laying aside the bickering that encumbers most reviews of the Floyd catalog, I  must say &quot;Is There Anybody Out There&quot; stands strongly on its own  merits. James Guthrie restored and remixed the original tapes of the  1980-81 Earl's Court shows, so this record is as much his as it is the  band's. The musicianship on it is top notch and, while the pace of it may  feel less &quot;raw&quot; due to onstage coordination issues, there are  extra sections added to familiar songs that make them feel updated and  fresh. Roger's passion is unrestrained and his voice - though far from Lou  Rawls or Sinatra - is in tune and perfect for these songs. Dave's solos are  above reproach and emotional, and even the side musicians contribute their  unique interpretations of some parts.<br />Some examples of extras on this  album are the extended solo by Dave Gilmour on &quot;Mother&quot; and an  added keyboard solo (with Gilmour's guitar fills) on &quot;Young  Lust&quot;. Not to mention the inclusion of &quot;What Shall We Do  Now&quot;, which is actually the second half of &quot;Empty Spaces&quot;  and missing from the original studio release of &quot;The Wall&quot;.  Simply awesome!<br />This album does have its shortcomings: It sounds less  &quot;full&quot; than the studio album or later live albums, but this is  due to fewer musicians, older technology, and the lack of studio  multi-tracking. (Note: The buzzing on &quot;Mother&quot; is the acoustic  guitar fretting out. The strings were likely hard to play.) The songs on  this album have been released as recorded (no overdubs), proving that Pink  Floyd as a band were not only thoughtful and ambitious in their artistic  vision, but also rocked. <br />&quot;Is There Anybody Out There&quot; is a  must for any Floyd fan, to whom it was primarily tailored.
0451160916|5.0|This the second Stephen King novel that I have read, and it is still my favorite King novel. Brilliantly written and thought out, it is extremely absorbing. This book delivers one heck of a haunted house story. King may  hate the movie, but even though I read the book before I saw all the  movie(I saw clips of it while channel surfing), Jack Torrence looked and  sounded like Jack Nicholsen in my minds eye. Read it!
B00003CWTI|5.0|I might have written about this film earlier but I can't remember. So this film is the greatest film this year. The actors each and everyone are incredibly great. (Tom Cruise at his best) I wasn't bored for one minute,  so anybody saying this film''s boring, well... I don't want to write it  down. The directing is again great. Everythings came out from a new geniuos  mind Paul T. Anderson, who will be a legend latter. This film took my  breath away from the begining and I still can't breath!
0451197968|1.0|The Running Man may have a plausible future, it may have a realistic character, and it does have suspense. But I didn't like it one bit. It is not a book you can enjoy. If you have to check it out, go to your local  library instead.
B0000028PI|5.0|In his first true concept album since GOES TO HELL ,Alice Cooper brings us the eeerie tale of a sinister showman who offers selected children a place in his show for a very small price ...their souls.However,a boy named  Steven is determined to play the showman's game,and to win .. . THE LAST  TEMPTATION mixes the the commerciality of TRASH with the darkness of  WELCOME TO MY NIGHTMARE .The Coop aims his satirical gaze at several  targets:the drug culture(BAD PLACE ALONE),empty teenage lives(SIDESHOW,LOST  IN AMERICA),young love and lust(YOU'RE MY TEMPTATION,IT'S ME),and the  ongoing struggle between good and evil(NOTHING'S FREE,STOLEN  PRAYER,LULLABY,UNHOLY WAR and CLEANSED BY FIRE).THE LAST TEMPTATION is  heavier than TRASH and HEY STOOPID,but it fits the concept like a glove.The  lead singer of Soundgarden co-writes and lends his vocals to  twotracks(STOLEN PARAYER,UNHOLY WAR).Ever since CONSTRICTOR,the proceeding  album improves on the previous release. Going on how great THE LAST  TEMPTATION IS,then BRUTAL PLANET has it's work cut out for it.
6305776326|4.0|I thought this movie was really good. It made me laugh so hard the first time I saw it. I bought it on DVD. It's worth the buy. Of course, I love the type of comedy where the characters act so stupid it's funny.
B000002HAF|5.0|The entire album is great, but I'd buy it again over some of my other favorite bands for the song &quot;Where is My Mind&quot; alone.
6305718954|5.0|If you are a devote church going individual, this movie is NOT for you.  It will challenge everything you believe. Personally, it made me stand up and say &quot;I'm not the only one who thinks this!&quot;. (Well, I really  didn't stand up, but you get the point). I think that both the directors  and the actors performed magnificently. I have watched this movie about  10-15 times, and I don't get sick of it.  Whoever you are, plan on this  movie making you think!
6305750750|5.0|I am sick to death of the naysayers, Star Wars: Episode I- The Phantom Menace is a gem. The story, the costumes, effects, sound, characters are all top notch. A year later, Star Wars fans are able to view this film with  an objective eye and see the care and detailed ingenuity that George Lucas  and Co. have utilized in bringing the beginning of this awesome saga to the  big screen. Three cheers! Watch it again and again!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Maiden is my favorite metal band ever and this new c.d. makes me very happy.  This is the c.d. that should have been released in 1990.  I enjoy every song on this c.d. (a first since 7th Son).  I like it more each time  i listen to it.  Nicko uses quite a bit of double bass drum beats on this  album which is awesome.  It is like the power metal drummers he has  influenced have now influenced him.  I think he is the most impressive  drummer in his genre. Anyway, i love this album and look forward to  listening to it many times in years to come like thier 80s albums.
B00000F12O|5.0|This movie is so good.I had never seen a horror before,and this was IT.IT gives you so many surprises.I saw it on LIFETIME,and it was so awesome.A must-see!
0790729342|4.0|What a difference three years and a significantly higher production budget makes. When I first caught a glimpse of `Mad Max', I saw it as some kind of silly Godzilla-like cheeseball movie. Even though the actors were speaking  in English with Australian accents, they were dubbed over with American  English-speaking voice actors. Thanks to this,  `Mad Max' had a Hong Kong  martial arts action film feel. Also, the props, vehicles, and sets had the  look of being more improvisation than design.<br />Then along came `The Road   Warrior'. The difference was amazing. It is easy to see why this `Mad Max'  entry is considered the high point of the trilogy. Much more elaborate  sets, vehicles, etc. The action sequences are tighter, and more exciting.  And, thanks to using the original character dialog, rather than dubbing it  over, you even get to hear Mel Gibson in his actual voice, with the slight  Aussie accent! It made for an interesting ride. Take a look!<br />'Late
B00001OH7Y|4.0|If you're a fan of Bowie as a singer and songwriter, I have to say that  this is one of his more interesting efforts.  However, I bought it because it features some of Robert Fripp's best solo guitar work.  He &quot;sprays  burning guitar&quot; all over this album, and credit Bowie with the guts to  not only leave it in, but crank it up.  Fripp's solos on  &quot;Fashion&quot; and &quot;Scary Monsters&quot; are as good and  ferocious as any in the rock genre.
0783240503|5.0|I saw a community stage production of &quot;Joseph&quot; several years ago and loved it. I can't remember all the differences between the stage version I saw and the video version, but I did enjoy both.<br />I have to  count myself as a fan of Maria Friedman as the Narrator. Maybe it's because  I'm not a belter, or maybe it's because I'm not a die-hard Joseph fan who  is familiar with a certain &quot;sound,&quot; but taking her voice for what  it is, I found it fantastic.<br />Donny was suprisingly buff, although when he  first came onscreen, I thought he was Michael Jackson. I got used to the  hair eventually.<br />The Costume Controversy... well, I was taken aback at  first, but if you've ever read the Bible, you'd be pretty surprised at how  graphic THAT can be.<br />I thought Donny's voice was quite pleasant and  expressive, although I prefer a singer to hold out the ends of phrases a  bit more than he did. He chops phrases off at the end, which I found  distracting.<br />The Baker and the Butler got amazingly on my nerves. I found  them highly creepy.<br />The Pharoah is my new crush. I think all men should  wear that eye makeup all the time. The Brothers were OK, but I really loved  the ...what was she called? The dancer? That was a great scene. Were her  stockings running? The &quot;rap&quot; bit with the Brothers was also  cute.<br />I also appreciated setting it as a school cantata, although like  many other reviewers, I found the children at times obnoxious and the  bipping back and forth from story to reality a trifle jarring. But I loved  the &quot;Curtain call&quot; at the end. Donny looks FAR finer with short  hair than with long, and can he wear a suit!
B00004STPT|5.0|What a beautiful score to accompany the breathtaking Gladiator!  Even as I was watching the movie, I found my ears straying away w/ the music luring my senses to a realm of heroes with different faces. Zimmer truly recreates  the grandeur of Lion King with powerful orchestration that more than  captures the essence of war, the harshness of life, and the vigor of blood.  The scale of the movie was tremendous, and Maximus's every move is matched  by the skillful score that dashes behind him as a stealth shadow.  Yet more  than once, this faceless shadow emerges to dominate--to grapple and dazzle  the audience who feel themselves slipping into the mist of Rome. Lisa  Garraud's contribution is also extraordinary.  Human voice employed as  &quot;instrument&quot; draines the movie with passion as Maximus is ailed  but ultimately ameliorated by humaness: fragile yet resilient, and the  tangling sensitives that tie him to us. The beautiful vocalization  complements the martial orchestration to fulfill Maximus's heroic stance,  that's elevated yet still overlooks humanity, like the music itself. The  score looms over the plot, surrounds the screen, and plucks the emotional  cord that echoes the name of Gladiator.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|What a great CD. This is truly amazing stuff, their best CD in 12 years or possibly ever, every song is incredible. Musically, the band are at their most progressive and the songs have many different variations, not just  your typical verse/chorus songs here. For example, track 6 clocks in at  9:21 and never gets boring. For anyone who has never bought an Iron Maiden  album before, this is DEFINENTLY the place to start. Great in every way.
0767818040|4.0|...come to my house and I'll show you the real thing. Very entertaining story, well-made by DePalma. Fun, Hitchcockian sleaze.
B00004STPT|5.0|For those of you who were impressed with the Gladiator soundtrack, try the one for &quot;The Thin Red Line&quot;.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The new maiden album is, without a doubt, the best since Seventh Son. The songs are catchy, the gutiar work is great, the production is excellent, and the vocals are at their best. Another note, I believe Nicko's best  drumming is on this album.  It is incredible, and I recomend it to anyone.
0767817478|2.0|Picture with me if you will you're going to a movie: it's called &quot;The GodFather 1998&quot; but instead of being about the mafia it's about a family of chefs. Fed up you switch theaters &quot;Star Trek XIV&quot; is  playing it's about the USS Pacific Princess Enterprise with the Love Boat  cast at its best. Enraged you go to the final movie showing  &quot;Godzilla&quot; (1998). Everything seems fine. There he is in all his  glory Godzilla...he looks a little different. That's Ok. The special  effects are good. He dodged a missile cool. Hey when's he gonna breath  fire? There he did it--no it wasn't fire. How can you call it Godzilla if  he isn't breathing fire? You can't my friends, this was Lost World meets  Aliens and it was good as far as that went. The acting was poor, but that's  to be expected this isn't a &quot;period-piece. It is after all a monster  movie. But it isn't Godzilla. The answer was MORE FIRE not less. Bottom  Line: You can make whatever movie you want, but if it really isn't  Godzilla, call it something else.
630439845X|5.0|This is a haunting, lyrical, magical piece of film-making. The movie masterfully shows the wonders and terrors of forbidden/ unconventional/ unexpected love. Campion explores sexual dominance, guilt, repression,  brutality and tenderness. The most captivating seduction on screen -- an  intellectual/sensual romance.
0393312836|5.0|I read this book to benefit my A-level cousework on dystopian fiction - and finishied A Clockwork Orange safe in the knowledge that it is probably one of the most psychologically enriching reads I have ever experienced.  Burgess' creative manipulation of language slang and structure is  astoundingly catchy - he delicately entrapps the reader (through the use of  language and 1st person narrative) into the deceptively vicious world of  Alex. He is the &quot;anti-hero&quot; who has been reformed by the state -  using new &quot;scientific methods&quot; - to end his diabolical orgy of  rape, torture and murder. Towards the end of the book, however, you find  yourself despising the government for having used Alex as an organic  guinnea pig, even though &quot;Ludovico's Syndrome&quot; (which involves  making the criminal look at horrific images of extreme sadistic torture  until they become almost &quot;accustomed&quot; to the eventual sickness  they feel) is actually reforming Alex to be a socially acceptable citizen.  Of course, it is evident almost from the start of the book you are in the  hands of a master craftsman of literature - a craftsman who carefully,  almost delicately, constructs an enormously important argument which will  blow you away with it's absolute social relevance and gravity.
6305181772|5.0|Tom Cruise and Director Brian De Palma breathe life into and put a foot in the rear of the original television series.  I tried watching the popular television series, starring Peter Graves and Martin Landau (among others)  and I just couldnt keep with it.  I admit it had intrigue and interesting  plot but hardly any excitement to keep you glued.  I found myself ready to  take a nap after 20 minutes of an episode because it was so slow moving and  had several gaps without dialogue.  The action scenes in this stylish and  explosive remake are sometimes over the top, but who cares, thats what  makes it fun and exciting in the first place.  I also recommend the sequel,  MI:2, directed by action genius, John Woo (Hard Boiled, Broken Arrow, Face  Off) in theatres now!  The stunts and fight scenes are choreographed in  operatic Woo style and the film itself is at least as good as the orginal.   &quot;Your mission, should you choose to except it (and you should):  See  These!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Been a Maiden fan since the &quot;Killers&quot; album was released back in '81. Watched them become the biggest and most awesome metal band on the planet during the '80s. Then watched the whole thing turn to utter garbage  during the '90s. Let's be honest - Iron Maiden have not released a great  studio album since &quot;Seventh Son...&quot;. But that has just changed.  In future years, as we look back at their career, &quot;Brave New  World&quot; will definitely be accorded classic status. This is a  triumphant return to form akin to Lazarus! I remember reading an interview  with Bruce Dickinson soon after the reunion and he stated that the new  Maiden album would (paraphrasing) &quot;blow away the likes of  Metallica&quot;. I also remember chuckling away to myself and thinking -  not in this life ! However..... if I was Hetfield &amp; Co. right now I  wouldn't be so comfortable!  &quot;Brave New World&quot; is awesome.      That classic Maiden sound is back with a vengeance - galloping bass and  drums, time changes, soaring vocals and those riffs ! That magic ingredient  that has been missing since &quot;No Prayer for the Dying&quot; is  definietly evident here. The band sound so young, hungry and 'into it' and  at the same time they ooze class, experience and maturity - it's incredible  to behold from an outfit which many (including myself) had written off as a  spent creative force years ago. The ten tracks on offer here represent  Maiden's best work in 12 years and at times their best work ever.  Any  track on BNW could comfortably sit within the running orders for  &quot;Piece of Mind&quot; right through to &quot;Seventh Son...&quot;.  Yes........it's THAT GOOD. There's no point in highlighting individual  tracks - I'd have to highlight all 10 - all are outstanding.  Finally a  word on the production and the mix. Not since &quot;Powerslave&quot; has  Maiden sounded so....well... powerful. The sound on the album is very big,  layering the three guitars over whatmust be the best bass/drum sound  captured on any Maiden album. Congratulations to producer Kevin Shirley for  what must be a significant input here. If you are or have ever been a  Maiden fan, you need this album........immediately.
6305181772|5.0|After recently viewing the very disappointing sequel to M:I, I took a look back at this movie, watched it, and thought how M:I 2 could have been.  What if, instead of John Woo, Brian DePalma had returned, and we had  actually gotten a decent story!   It's a good question, but I'm not  reviewing M:I 2.  I'm reviewing M:I.<br />While the acting for the most part  is sub-par (even though Cruise's performance is pretty damn good), the  story is what really sets this movie apart from the usual Bond-clone.  You  don't know who the enemy is until the end, which leaves you in suspense for  quite a while.  When you realize who it is, you find out that it all makes  sense.  The movie may take about 5 viewings before you can truly understand  it, and even then it's quite confusing.  But the movie is always enjoyable,  especially the last few scenes.<br />But what really got me into this movie is  it's revolutionary impact on the spy movie genre.  Instead of focusing on  girls, guns, and gagets, this movie focused more on the stealth issue  always apparent in the original M:I series.  And you cannot beat the CIA  break in or the Train scenes.  They are simply some of the greatest ever  produced.
B000002J1I|5.0|This was the first album I bought.  I was only 4 yrs. old.  I had the vinyl for so long and an ex-girlfriend of mine, who magically became a lesbian, now guards it with her legion. Um..  I love all the songs.  I  wonder what Jon Anderson's kid (featured vocal on &quot;Circus of  Heaven&quot;)sounds like all growed up.
B00000099Y|5.0|It's hard to review an album that you already know is extremely revolutionary to the metal genre.  The lyrics in Tool's songs are unforgettable, and hit you really hard when you listen.  The music is  equally as good.  Combind them, and you have this album.<br />Take advice from  me, this is not Tool's best work (Undertow was), but it's pretty damned  good anyway, and deserves every star it receives.  Keenan's vocals (and  voice in particular) are just the greatest things you're ever going to hear  in your life.  It's almost as if you're hearing the voice of god from a  metal perspective.  The guitars often go every place possible, and try to  make the album like an opus.  Some people may say that the album is hard to  listen to.  If I were you, I'd give it a little while, and it'll definitely  grow on you.  Tool is one of the greatest bands in existance, and you  should show them that.  Every song on the album is beautiful, and only make  more the reason for you to buy it.<br />If I had to choose a favorite song on  this album, it'd have to be a cross between 4 of them.   &quot;Stinkfist,&quot; &quot;Hooker with a Penis,&quot; &quot;nema,&quot;  and the 13-minute long force of emotion, &quot;Third Eye.&quot;  But all  the songs are wonderful, and I have to say I love each and every one of  them.  Overall, this is one album you should not miss.  Every person in the  world should own at least one copy of this record.  This is the CD of your  life.  So what are you waiting for?  Go out and buy it already!
B00000DFKF|5.0|This truly is a black metal masterpiece from one of the foremen in the genre. This is brutal, raw, deep and mesmerizing, everything you could wish for.
B00000JCB2|3.0|Limp Bizkit has been receiving a lot of recognition lately, and for no god damned reason.  Being on MTV almost every day when all their lyrics talk about is &quot;my girlfriend broke up with me... we rock! &quot; it's  hard for some die-hard rock fans to exactly take this band seriously.   Although the bad rap at Amazon.com they're constantly getting with some of  the reviews is not deserved, and I should tell you  why.<br />&quot;Re-Arranged,&quot; the best song on the entire album, is a  journey into the soul of love and heartbreak, and actually has some  meaningful lyrics (not present in &quot;Nookie&quot; or &quot;No  Sex&quot;).  It's one of the only reasons I bought the damn album.  I liked  &quot;Nookie&quot; at first, but soon became sick of it.  &quot;N 2 Gether  Now&quot; is just damn sickening, and if you ask me, this song has  absolutely no point at all except... well, no point at all.  The rest of  the songs are practically nameless except for &quot;Nobody Like You,&quot;  which should have replaced &quot;All in the Family&quot; on Korn's  &quot;Follow the Leader.&quot;  It's as simple as that.<br />I'd also like to  make a statement on &quot;A Lesson Learned,&quot; the albums closing  &quot;musical&quot; track.  If Limp Bizkit produces some more stuff like  that and &quot;Re-Arranged&quot; with some more meaningful lyrics that  expand over a larger horizon, then the third album is something to  definitely look forward to.
158234082X|5.0|I absolutely loved reading this book and could not put it down. My only regret is that it wasn't longer. I hope that Tony's two novels come back into print as I would like to read those as well. I wish the book had a  glossary for some of the terms, ingredients and dishes that are mentioned  that I had never heard of before. I look forward to the sequel! (Please  write one Tony...)
B0000027RL|5.0|I love this CD!  It's the best rock CD I've heard in many many years.  It comes out of the gates smoking and doesn't stop, but does cruise for awhile for songs like &quot;Black&quot; which lulls you into closing your eyes and  humming along with Eddie Vedder as he do do dodooos, only to be woke up as  &quot;Jeremy&quot; blasts in.  You rock until the end of the album where to  me one of the most beautiful songs ever done by the group (beautiful by a  so-called grunge band? Yes, you heard it here).  \\"Release&quot; starts out  slow and melancholy and picks up at the end where you are treated to soft  guitar licks and Eddie crying out for release.  Their debut album and to me  so far still the best.  If you own only one Pearl Jam record, this is the  perfect Ten to have.
0441172717|5.0|Dune is Frank Herbert's masterpiece about Paul Maud'Dib Atreides, descendants of the House Atreus of Homeric fame, and his battles with his arch-enemies, the Harkonnens and, eventually, with the combined forces of  the galaxy.  The first of six books in an unfinished series--Herbert died  before he brought his series to a conclusion--this book is the best of the  series.<br />Set far in the future, after humanity has not only left Earth,  but humanity's origin is probably forgotten, the setting for this book is a  neo-medieval world of strict castes, nobility and civilized warfare.  The  basic plot is rather standard:  the young hero, Paul must come of age  quickly when his father is treacherously killed by agents of the hated  rivals.  Since Paul loses his rightful throne, he must come of age among  the violent indigenous population known as the Fremen.<br />Although Herbert  does write the action scenes well, the plot is not the strong suit of the  book--later books in the series have better plots.  The strongest part of  the book is the theme of religion and politics that runs through the book.   Herbert combines many different religions in this future galaxy including  Christianity, Islam and various eastern religions.  <br />Herbert sets his  hero, Paul, up as a messiah to the planetary population, the Fremen and  possibly to the entire galaxy.  This path may ultimately lead to a bloody  jihad.  However, Paul realizes that being a messiah is a dangerous path to  take, ultimately ruinous to humanity as later books show.  However, Paul's  desire for power and the evilness of the alternate leaders, the corrupted  by power emperor, the overly secretive female priesthood named the Bene  Geserit, the no longer human Guild, and the entirely evil Harkonnens force  Paul at every fork in the road to choose the path that leads to his  anointing as messiah.  Herbert thus creates a hero who is not as virtuous  as he seems at first glance.  <br />A final note:  as with any good first book  in a sci-fi/fantasy series, there is much that remains unexplained in this  book.  Anyone who says that they understand the entire book is either lying  or missed something.  Some of the mysteries in this book become explained  in later books, and one--the reference to Richese--in the prequel recently  co-written by Herbert's son.  There is also a great deal of mysticism and  musing on the general state of humanity, some of which was, frankly, over  my head.  <br />Therefore, if mysticism and unexplained mystery are not your  cup of tea, then you should skip this book.
B000001ELD|4.0|This was my first introduction to the solo albums, and since Gene is my favorite I chose his. The first song is my 2nt favorite KISS song of all time... &quot;Radioactive&quot;!  This song rules (despite the fact that he  got the title as he was watching &quot;Godzilla: King of the Monsters&quot;  on television and I love Godzilla movies)!  Alot of the other songs are  like many others say, Beatle matirial, which is very true. Whats wrong with  songs that sound like Beatle songs? I mean, they are the best rock group in  history... and it's great that Gene noticed that when he was creating this  album. Alot of the songs sound like they could be one of those &quot;fade  away&quot; Beatle songs like &quot;Misery&quot; or &quot;Yes it Is&quot;  which are both very good songs, but not known as well as thier golden  songs. The last track is a VERY unexpected feature on this CD. The title  song from &quot;Disney's Pinoccio&quot;... &quot;When You Wish Upon a  Star&quot;, which is not bad, but not great either... it's worth a couple  of listens. Forget what everyone else says... it's worth eleven bucks.
6305718954|3.0|Not a bad movie if you are not fanatic about exact word of bible and recognize Jewish agnostic is very early part of christianity. <br />Too much MTV junk for a topic you need to keep a straight face. For a semi  interllectual hybrid between serious theology quest and today's brainless  pop culture, Too much fury about this movie is utterly, utterly too much.
B000002U82|5.0|I had only first heard of Pink Floyd about a year ago when a friend told me about them.  I decided to give them a try.  I bought this album, and it blew me out of the water!  P.F.'s style of music is one that is impossible  or very difficult to copy (especially on the songs &quot;Time&quot; and  &quot;Money&quot;).  This CD is an absolute must for anyone who loves music  with a slight twist!
B000003CMC|4.0|&quot;Go on downtime baby and find somebody to love... Mean while I ain't a wastin time no more..&quot;<br />I am NOT a southern rock fan. This goes way beyond that. It is almost white soul. This is a great, great album. I have  had a vinyl copy for about 25 years. I just keep playing it.
0553278223|3.0|I recommend this book to people who enjoy either short stories or books that have very deep themes.  Although it had no main characters or plot, it gives you a lot to think about.  And if you read it don't stop half  way...keep reading it because it gets better.
6304385668|5.0|Neil Jordan's Michael Collins is a fast paced intelligent work about a  early twentieth century Irish poltical activist and military leader. The  film has romance, pace, action, wit and humour. Neil Jordan is probably one  of the best script writers in terms of quantity and quality of product now  working in world cinema. It's his intelligence and unique way of seeing a  situation I find is refreshing. Dressing up a future President of Ireland  of Ireland disguised as a whore is witty and fair comment on the corruption  in politics in Ireland at the moment. Taking up the story of Michael  Collins after a failed rebellion in Dubllin, Ireland, against British  Imperial rule at the time, 1916, Jordan quickly introduces the characters  of the film. Harry Boland, a Dub amusingly played by Aidan Quinn (Fans of  Quinn can see him also in the fine This is my Father which he made with his  brothers) Eamonn De Valera, a political intellectual leader of the  republican movement well caricatured by Alan Rickman, and Kitty Kiernan,  played by Julia Roberts in a performance which will steal your heart. A  fine supporting cast led by english actor Ian Hart gives this film top  quality drama. The performance of Liam Neeson in the role of Collins is one  of the best of his career so far with the flair of his Oscar Schindler  character and the strength of Collins Cork origins mixed with poignant  reflective moments, this is terrific natural playing.<br />Basically the story  is of Collins out-witting the British administration and winning a  negotiated settlement. A lot of Collins' characteristics are picked up in  the movie. His cycling around Dublin under the very noses of the security  forces, his playing with De Valera's children and wrestling with whoever  was about as a bit of a joke. Unlike the revolutionary leaders who are said  to have copied Collins, like Mao Tse Tung and Ho Chi Minh etc., Collins was  more likely to say &quot;are you on for a pint ?&quot; than any guff about  the good of the movement. His tactical talent and strategic skills are  shown but his skill at managing the large amounts of intelligence  information isn't as well appreciated in the film. His realization that a  republic was better forged under steady transition, and more logically  needed to be worked out as to its practical meaning, was a foundation stone  of the current Irish state. Further his belief that a democratic decision,  a popular vote, was the crux of any situation and to be defended despite  any loyalties to the contrary. This latter point is made dramatically in  the film as Collins and Boland find themselves on opposite sides having  been pals. (For more information on Collins try Tim Pat Coogan's  &quot;Michael Collins&quot;, a better read is  &quot;De Valera&quot; by the  same author.)
1573221562|5.0|If you have read &quot;Tipping the Velvet&quot;, you know that Sarah Waters is a talented author. In that first novel, we discovered a lesbian author able to put up some good sex scenes. So, maybe she was a great  lesbian author, maybe she was a good author of erotic books (not  pornographic, by the way). But can she be more than that?<br />I was so  anxious to know for sure, that I bought &quot;Affinity&quot; from  Amazon.co.uk in January 2001 (Sarah Waters being a english author, I was  right thinking that she would be published in U.K. before being published  in U.S.A.). I was not disapointed.<br />Although my english is not that good,  I fully appreciated this novel. &quot;Affinity&quot; is not an erotic  novel. There is love, but not sex, and the fact that the love is between  two women is not the main feature. I don't want to make a complete rsum  because I think it is difficult to do so without spoiling the pleasure  you'll have reading it until the end.<br />Let's just say that this novel is  about a sad young woman who desperately need to be loved, who is  desperately ready to believe in love and who thinks that she had find it  while visiting a prison in London, in 1874. This is not a funny or a  &quot;feeling-good&quot; book. But Sarah Waters knows how to make you feel,  smell, taste and see the life of a woman who would have live 125 years  ago.<br />Now I know: Sarah Waters is a great author. Don't read  &quot;Affinity&quot; because you think that it is a sex book (it is not).  Don't read it because you think Sarah Waters is a lesbian. Read it because  it is a great book. The best I've read in a long time. Believe me, I'll  wait for her next book.
B00000064G|5.0|To quote Thom Yorke (lead singer of Radiohead) &quot;In this day and age, to hear the squeek of a finger moving up and down a guitar string, is so much more exciting than a million miles of feedback.&quot; Ahh..touche.  Simplicity is Beauty. This is so apparent in Nick Drake's music. I admit, I   found out about Drake through the VW cabrio advertisement and never looked  back. I soon found out one album is not enough. However, the good thing  about Nick Drake's music is that if you like one of his songs, chances are,  you would like everything. His style is most consistant.  This is a great  album to put on and let play throughout.   You may find yourself pressing  'repeat' on you CD player often with this album. It goes by faster than you  expect, or want it too.
B00004TH83|5.0|Her voice is just amazing and the feeling she injects into her singing is unbelievable.  I have listened to this CD since yesterday and all the songs are wonderful.<br />My personal favorite by hers is Je T'Aime (not on this  CD) but these songs are great.  Adagio is really beautiful, and we get to  hear it in two different languages.<br />My only reservation is that now  everyone will know about Lara and I've enjoyed &quot;having&quot; her to  myself so far.  Beautiful singing, beautiful voice, beautiful songs, get  this CD.
158234082X|1.0|Don't quit your day job, Mr. Bourdain. While this book starts out promisingly, it quickly disintigrates into a sloppy mish-mash of memoir, back-stabbing, and bland cooking tips (use heavy pans! get a good knife!).  Mostly, though, it's just the tale of a hack chef staring with deep love  and fascination into his own dirty navel. Most of the reputed  &quot;tell-alls&quot; of nasty habits in the restaurant biz were reported  decades ago--with a lot more wit and style--by George Orwell's Down and Out  in Paris and London. If you want scandal, log on to the NYC Health Dept's  restaurant reports. But unless you find Bourdain as fascinating as he finds  himself,I'd skip this book.
6305807086|1.0|Strange movie! If you are into twisted mind trips, this one's for you! Not for me!
B000002KHY|5.0|James Taylor's Greatest Hits is one of the best CD's I own.  I love listening to the CD and I keep it in my CD at all times.  I recommend listening to &quot;Something in the Way She Moves&quot;  and memorizing the  words.  Most ladies seem to like the song and you usually don't lose  brownie points for serenading them (unless your voice sounds like nails on  a chalkboard).  The only problem with this CD is James Taylor has too many  hits and this is only a one disk set.
6305892946|4.0|I am a big fan of the Scream series but this final  installment was way over the top even for my standards.  It came together nicely but it felt forced.  I wasn't sure if I liked all the humor that was injected this time  around. Several plots and lots of characters added to the confusion. I  loved Parker Posey in the Gale role and enjoyed many moments in the movie,  including the interior sound stage sets of Woodsboro were Sydney is chased  by the killer!  A great surprise ending  left me satisfied and surprised.    This movie did very well without Kevin Williamson's script so enough of  that issue!  ........and what's up with Courteney Cox's hair and  jewelry!  Yikes!  Gale really looked horrible in this last installment  (We think? ). One suggestion for you honey:  McDonald's, McDonald's, and  more McDonald's! <br />I hope the studio will sell the SCREAM trilogy in a  box set, The perfect gift for a video collector!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|The album reminds me of 'No Prayer for the Dying'.  Lyrically the album is pretty good, though I still love Bruce's 'Chemical Wedding' much better.  I noticed the radio-edit of 'Wicker Man' is different which was somewhat of a  dissapointment.  This album is a must-buy though.  A very raw sounding mix.   Not as much 'dueling guitar' harmonies as I had expected.  It's excellent  that all of the tracks are based off of books, though the lyrical content  doesn't reflect the book itself very well though.  The music sounds modern  and new, which is often hard for older rockers.  Up the Irons!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Here's the deal: after the debacle of an album that was &quot;Fear of the Dark,&quot; someone told Bruce and the rest of Maiden to sit in opposite corners of a room and &quot;think about what they'd done&quot; for 7 years. The result: a group of musicians that had pretty much run out of steam and ideas at the time of FotD got their collective s*** together and have  finally released a truly great album, one that belongs in the Maiden  catalog.<br />&quot;Brave New World&quot; is a sight to sore ears after the  painful fumbling of Maiden's 90s Blaze albums, &quot;X Factor&quot; and  &quot;Virtual XI.&quot; Don't get me wrong--there were alot of good songs  on those albums, better than anything on FotD, but they were incurably  crippled by the facts that 1)Blaze, while a good singer, was not as good as  he needed to be, and 2)Steve Harris should not be the sole producer of a  Maiden album. <br />However, the return of Bruce (which was something of a  surprise, given the outstanding quality of his last 2 solo albums), along  with the enlistment of Dream Theater producer Kevin Shirley, has apparently  put everything right in the Maiden camp. There are songs on BNW that rival  ANYTHING Maiden have ever done: &quot;The Nomad&quot; is an epic of the  same caliber as &quot;To Tame A Land&quot; or &quot;Alexander the  Great,&quot; and &quot;The Fallen Angel&quot; can sit next to &quot;Aces  High&quot; any day.<br />This is a happy day for an old school metalhead like  myself--my only hope at this point is that they can keep it up, and stay  together long enough to reconquer the world and bring Bush and the  Backstreet Boys to their bleeding knees.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|This album is awesome, and has exceeded my expectations by far. Thinking there was only going to be a few good track, like most albums, i was pleasantly surprised by the immense quality of this album. The first 5 or 6  tracks are awesome, including standout tracks like 'surfacing', '(sic)',  'spit it out' and 'eyeless'. The middle section for me is the weakest, with  only 'prosthetics' really taking my notice. I was beginning to think the  album was going to tail off. Then the impressive 'diluted' and the spine  shivering 'scissors' changes my mind and leaves me in a state of shock. Buy  this album, it's imperative.
B000002MU3|4.0|There are a bunch of songs on it that aren't really that great, but there are about as many good songs as well. The glam-ish songs are quite a bit of departure, but fun, especially &quot;crush with eyeliner&quot;, which  always makes me laugh because it makes me think of the video spike jonze  did for it that featured some random asian teenagers lipsyncing and  pretending to play instruments to the song, with nary an r.e.m. member in  sight.     as for more rocking r.e.m. albums, prior to &quot;automatic for  the people&quot;, most r.e.m. albums were not majorly acoustic ballad  oriented. Although the electric guitar wasn't quite as prominently featured  in the mix as on monster before, most of their less well-known albums were  definitely more rock oriented than that. I reccomend Document, which is a  more rock oriented album and is somewhat well known (&quot;end of the  world&quot;  and &quot;the one I love&quot; are heard on the radio fairly  often, so youu wouldn't be going into it completely without knowing  anything)
0767835255|1.0|It really works! No one can deny that there is still a demand for the Cold War propaganda. It seems that nothing unifies people more than a presence of a common enemy, real or fictional. We need our daily portion of  political brainwash as we need our morning cup of coffee. Wherefore,  Russians are coming, as usual.  They shoot machine guns. Moreover, they  speak English with an awful heavy accent.  They look as real as Indiana  Jones looks a history professor. Again, Mickey Mouse doesn't look like a  copy of a real mouse, but who cares, as long as it makes viewers feel good.    Not only do those malignant Russians kidnap our president's family, they  dare steal his baseball glove!   In a face of such an assault, how not to  believe in the divine American role to enforce global justice and happiness  with the help of the air force? How blessed could we be to have an old  boyscout for president! &quot;Get out of my plane!&quot; yells our eloquent  hero, kicking one of the bad guys. &quot;Go on with your paranoya  blockbusters!&quot; screams the cashbox to our Hollywood propaganda  department.
B00000J7J4|5.0|How many times have we heard Black Magic Woman or another Santana classic on the radio and thought about special times that accomapnied that song.  Well, this album takes off at the point where past Santana albums left off  with wome very nice twists involving artists who accompany and add to the  fabulous guitar playing.  This will be a Santana classic that our kids will  remember when they're 30.
0375703764|5.0|I found this to be a fascinating book. It is somewhat reminescent of magic realism in that you, as the reader, must accept that the author is playing with you.  It's an elaborate and clever game, and delightful only if you  are both patient and open-minded to that which goes beyond the accepted  paradigm.<br />Though the text can be obscure at times, I was pleased with the  words I encountered that I'd never heard before, though I am an avid  reader. Some could call this intellectual snobbery or gaudiness, but I  enjoy learning new words, such as anfractuosity, ambages, priapic,  atrabilious etc. It had me referencing my dictionary, intensely curious.  So, not only did I enjoy this read, it also taught me a few words I hadn't  been aware of before.<br />I also found the formatting to be intriguing and  there are moments when the point is not only the content of what you are  reading, but the format in which it is presented, which heightens the  impact of the contents.<br />It isn't for everyone and your enjoyment of this  text will largely depend on your perspective and approach in reading  it.<br />If you do choose to buy this book, which I would recommend, remember  that it is fiction and that it is fun. Regarding the footnotes etc, read  only what you judge to be important. I, for instance, skipped the pages of  exhaustive lists, as it didn't really seem relevant to my appreciation and  understanding of the book.<br />It's a labrynth, go slowly and pay attention  so that you won't get lost!
0962477060|5.0|This book lays out the fretboard for you so you can digest all its nuances.  This will get you out of the basic boxes and connect the entire neck for you.  This will bring clarity between scales and chords that most  books can only hint at.  I remember taking lessons in the eighties wishing  to have access to this information.  This book will help your playing as  long as you take the time to digest and put the material to use.
0671042858|2.0|Stephen King's horror/sports dramatization fails in my book. The story is terrible, and does not even get scary until the end. It is mostly suggestion. Suggestion can be more scary than truth, but in this case, it  is not. Dont buy this book, it is not worth the small amount of money that  it costs.
B000002B2T|5.0|This album shows the influences of each of the members.  This album is very somber at times and somewhat light hearted at others.  This is a great party album when its about time to kick everyone out.  River of Deciet, Wake Up, &amp; I Don't Know Anything are my favorites.  This is not Alice  in Chains or Pearl Jam.  They are ingredients but not the result.  This is  a very laid back album that fills a gap in the Seattle sound.  If you like  this album find the video because its a decent live set with a video for  River of Deceit.
B000000WHX|4.0|&quot;Blue Lines&quot; is 10 years old.  It shows its age in some respects...a whiff of 80s cheesiness is in there, it sounds a little dated, but you can feel it grasping for something new. In 1991, it was  &quot;WOW&quot; and so influential; now it's just &quot;cool&quot; amidst  all the derivatives that have since perfected trip-hop. Borrow your  friend's first, then buy.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Tim Burton has done it again. Sleepy Hollow is a wonderful, dark, moody  film.  Burton's vision of the world of the Headless Horseman is  breathtaking. It helps carries the movie. The movie combines horror and  comedy (albeit very little comedy) to make a very entertaining film.<br />The  biggest shock to me was Johnny Depp. The only movie I ever liked him in was  Donnie Brasco but he made a fan out of me. His portrayal of Crane shows the  character at his weakest and strongest. Questioning his own beliefs Crane  comes through and battles the Horseman.<br />A recommendation is in order for  this film. It's not a threat to winning any major awards but this is a fun  film and a guarenteed good time.
B0000020C4|5.0|After listening to this album numerous times, it was this DAMN good, and the political message within the music that has brought was even more powerful.  Aside from that, it gives me a new kind of appreciation on  musicals.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Wow!  I went to the Pearl Jam concert in London and it was awesome.  I have never been so psyched at a concert, it was soo fun.  The Cd is also great but everything is always better live.  With Eddie Vedder's strong and  beautiful voice made him perform perfectly. There is some confusion if they  are grunge or not but who cares!  They are damn good and thats all the  counts :)
0671027344|5.0|I have jsut finished reading catcher in the rye for a class and my teacher recommended this book &quot;perks of being a wall flower&quot; what a great book i couldn't stop reading the plot was very good I would recommend this  book to all my friends and i will recommend this book to anyone who likes  &quot;catcher in the rye&quot;
B000003489|5.0|you can play this album over and over and every time you listen to it you will find something new that impresses you... it's unreal
B00000K19E|2.0|Am I the only person who thinks that this movie got all the positive reaction Star Wars episode I deserved, and Star Wars Episode I got all the criticism The Matrix deserved.<br />Okay, it certainly isn't a bad movie, good  action sequences, interesting story, nice Gigeresque sets, but Keanu Reeves  makes Jake Lloyd look like an acting god, why did they choose him to play  the part of Neo. I really cannot think of anyone who could be less the  'Chosen One'. <br />While the special effects are good, the reliance on a  'dark' look to the film, almost renders the technology of colour TV  functionless.   The costumes are boring, the bad guys look like my bank  manager at a rock concert, the soundtrack is cheesy, the slo-mo fight  scenes are comedic and as for the relationship between Neo and Trinity,  well there isn't one until towards the end of the film Trinity realises  that their complete lack of chemistry together actually means she is in  love with him.<br />And as for the rotating cameras thingy, what's the point  it doesn't fit into the story at all, they just shove it in because they  can. The only brilliant scene is the big robot walking through a field of  human embryos.<br />worst of all, however is the 'philosophical' question the  film poses. I'm getting a bit sick of films like this, Dark City was good  as was the Truman show, but Fight Club was silly and The Sixth Sense was  boring until the 'oh-so amazing twist'. Is it me or were these ideas  staples of dodgy late night 'chillers' such as tales From The Crypt and The  Twilight Zone.<br />This question of whether we inhabit 'reality' or a  'simulation' of reality was dismissed by the Greek philosophers as  ontologically and epistemologically worthless, as anyone who actually  thinks about the film realises, it doesn't really matter, does it. It's  about as thought provoking as the question &quot;what would you do  if...(you won the lottery, had three wishes etc).<br />I would have given this  film threestars if it was'nt for everyone going on about how 'mad' or  'deep' it was.<br />The Wachowski Brothers should stick to action films and  leave philosophy to philosophers. Now if you want to see real philosophy  check out the use of a phenomenological approach in Star Wars Episode I.
B000003S5H|5.0|the sound resonates so deeply that your other senses will have no choise but to join the fun.
B000003S5H|4.0|With metronomically iterating chord changes, sloppily noodled electric piano, acoustic strings competing against mellotron, consistently cheesy  electronic percussion, a fanatical adherence to overt simplicity, and let  us not forget those cornerstones of easy listening, FLUTE and TUBA, Moon  Safari comes across a bit like a Devo tribute to bossa nova, Burt  Bacharach, Alan Parsons Project, and The Moody Blues, with keyboard solos  by Steve Winwood.<br />As you listen you have the feeling that Moon Safari  might be an undiscovered soundtrack to a third Derek Flint (or second  Barbarella) movie.  You also have the feeling that you might have Slidered  to a dentist's waiting room sometime around 1978.<br />I'm not really sure  what to make of it.  Well, actually, when I heard it I thought  &quot;Stereolab.&quot;  But here's the problem.  Who has heard of  Stereolab?  For whatever reason, Moon Safari sucked a legion of  wet-behind-the-ears electronica fans into its grasp, and rather than  rejecting it outright for its singsonginess, some of them decided that  music made with actual vibrating strings and wind columns was something  novel and cool.  This melody thing, that might have promise too.  And if a  note or three lands outside a geometrically precise computer-generated  groove matrix, well, that just adds to the charm of it.<br />Hmm. Enough  social speculation.  Moon Safari is a uniformly pleasant and often clever  long-form pastiche of 1970s styles, rendered with an eye to the change of  the millennium.  It reminds me of dozens of things, but I can't  characterize it as blatantly imitative of any one thing.  Those of you who  are old enough to remember the 70s and late 60s, though, will definitely  feel like someone has been messing with the Wayback Machine.
0783239955|5.0|This is the most hilarious movies I have seen this year. Very witty and with incredible replay value (I still laugh when I watch it again)<br />However, I would say that to appreciate it fully, one needs to be  fluent in French. This may explain why some love it and others only give it  a low score.
B00002MZ4W|1.0|This was one of the worst major label albums of 1999. What a way to end the millenium! This should have been called WASTING YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Some singer/songwriters (if you can call her that) try too hard. Over-produced, pretentiously written, and dull. Stay away!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|It's the best I've heard in years. Vocals, Guitars, Rhythm - everything is good, better then ever. This album might change your musical taste!
B0000399WI|5.0|Something has gone wrong putting this great movie on disk. Careful review will show this is the full screen version with black bars added to the top and bottom of the screen. This means you get less picture than the  fullscreen version. This is the second movie I have discovered with this  flaw, the other being Jackie Brown on VHS. There are likely more defects  out there. I encourage owners of movies with widescreen 1:85 to 1 ratios to  compare with full screen versions and report any other similar faults.
B00004RFDW|5.0|Al Pacino and Russell Crowe team up under the directorial guidance of Michael Mann to conjure up the most convincing morality play offered last year. (OK, so there weren't that many offered up.)<br />And though The Insider  may be the story of a tobacco industry whistleblower, rather than a  guns-ablazin' thriller like Heat or Miami Vice, the movie nonetheless bears  Mann's distinctive imprint, reveling as it does in color and style.  In  those wind-blown beach scenes where Pacino is howling into his cell phone,  you almost expect to see Tubbs and Crockett strolling by in the  background.<br />Pacino gives a more nuanced version of his trademarked rant  'n rave performance and makes for a believable Lowell Bergman.  Plummer is  certainly solid, too.  But it's Crowe's performance that commands your  attention.  Who'd have thought the overweight grey-haired bloke in this  movie could be the same ancient warrior with an Aussie accent in Gladiator.   Crowe gives a detailed, affecting performance in  a role which portrays  Jeffrey Wigand realistically, not just as a hero, but as a human.<br />There  are moral complications in this movie aplenty, and, if Mann has meddled  with the facts, he has still striven to do a better job of representing  what happened than Oliver Stone did in JFK.  Even without the gunfire, this  moral tale is a thriller.
0553296981|4.0|Ok, so I've heard all the hype, I'm interested in World War II, and being a teenager I can relate to Anne. This Is a Good Book, but wait... it's not perfect. It is unfair to criticize Anne, she was NOT writing for you and  me, or to make money off publishing, or even to entertain. She was writing  for herself, they are her thoughts to herself, her deepest emotions. She  was writing to stop from suffocating from the boredom and the opression of  having to stay indoors for TWO YEARS.  It is not perfect, but that isn't  Anne's fault. The thing is, I would've liked to have learned about her life  in the concentration camp, but the Diary ends three days before the  family's capture by the Gestapo. That was a big disappointment, although,  thinking back it was unrealistic to expect writing from a death camp  prisoner. The second thing is that the war is of little relevance in the  book, and it should not have been used as the main advertisement for it.<br />It is a book mostly about the girl, not really about the raging war  around her. Still, I do not regret reading it and I recommend it  strongly...
B00004TH7Z|5.0|&quot;Brave New World&quot; is in my opinion the best Maiden album since &quot;Somewhere In Time&quot;.  The songs sound like they were written and recorded in 1988.  Adrian is back and he hasn't missed a beat, and the rest  of the band are one happy family again.  From the opening notes of  &quot;Wicker Man&quot;, you know that this is pure Maiden.  I personally am  very glad to see the whole band together again.  If you are a Maiden fan,  then this is a definite album for you!  You will NOT be disappointed.
B000023X9W|5.0|The more you listen to it, the better it gets. Just some good ole Neil Young. Buy it, listen to it. Enjoy
B00004T9UF|5.0|the marshal mathers lp is an awesome cd. my only prob w/ it is that it had &quot;skits&quot; in it. i recomend it !
B00004SPYJ|5.0|I had worn out my video copy of this fine film.  The Whiting/Hussey pairing is just phenominal.  Two unknowns, at the time, really deliver the passion.  This sure kills the most recent version, with Clair Danes and  Leo, which is filmed like a two hour MTV video nightmare.  I think a Leo  and Danes traditional R&amp;J would have been interesting.  The sets in  this 1968 version are delicious.  The cinematography and other technical  aspects reallly shine on the DVD's clear images.  It's always amazing to  compare the DVD to the video.  Once again the DVD presents radiant images  that really bring a film to life.  If you buy this DVD be aware that  essentially you get a beautiful, well acted, well crafted film, but you  don't get much of what we've come to expect on DVDs.  No documentary,  commentary, background information, alternate scenes are provided.  For me,  the beauty of the crystal clear images is worth the price of the DVD.  For  me, Juliet will always be Olivia Hussey...  When I read the play I still  see her face delivering the lines.  This is one of the finest Shakespeare  adaptations to film.
6302732875|5.0|If for some reason you have never seen this movie you simply MUST see it.  Glengarry Glen Ross is one of the best written, best cast, and best acted films of the latter half of the 20th century.<br />I happened to catch the  edited for TV version on one of Ted Turner's stations once and laughed my  (bottom) off.  &quot;Forget You&quot; says Moss (Ed Harris) to Ricky Roma  (Al Pacino). &quot;Forget you all!&quot;<br />And who can forget Kevin Spacey  telling Alan Arkin: &quot;Go to lunch.  Would you please go to  lunch!&quot;<br />A true AMERICAN classic.
6304143184|5.0|This film is one of the best . . . ever. It's the only film I have ever cried during. When E.T. dies, I cried. Yeah, I fell for Spielberg's magic touch. It's truly a wonderful film. No explosions. No computer graphics.  Just pure Spielberg genius. It's surprising that this film was never  followed by a sequel. If the film had been made today, then Universal  Studios would have demanded a few sequels to this great film. This film is  worth owning on VHS and it really needs to be released on DVD. This was  probably the best film released during the eighties. Classic.
6305750750|2.0|Question, my young Jedi: why write a review of a block-buster that everybody and their mother has something to say about? Well,'cause like most of 'em, &quot;I'm mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore&quot;  (to quote an actual &quot;good&quot; movie).<br />Does George Lucas have such  little respect for the legions of Star Wars fans that he thinks he can pass  off this over-grown commericial for SW toys and merchandise as &quot;the  Real Thing?&quot;<br />Yes, visually it is spectacular-- the  computer-generated sequences are amazing. But, after the opening scroll you  might as well turn off the sound, 'cause if you came here for anything  resembling a well-scripted story, you've come to the wrong  place.<br />Bottomline: if a modicum of the care and effort that went into  developing the effects and &quot;look&quot; of the film had gone into the  script and character development, STARS WARS I would have been a worthy  addition to the SW canon.
B000001G5A|5.0|Usually we, classical music lovers, love to compare different performances, soloists and conductors performing the same piece. Karl Bohm's performance of the Mozart Requiem from 1971 is the first album I heard that made any comparison with any other performance of the Requiem totally unnecessary. This is how God wanted it to be played.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I was skeptical, worried it was a mistake but I rented it anyway. Well,  now I own it. There are puns and sidejokes running throughout this flick.  Whenever I need a good laugh I pop it in. Whether you are a sci-fci fan or  not you will enjoy this movie.
B0000025YW|5.0|The only album of the eighties to stand the test of time is this magical collection of hard pop songs from the genius otherwise known as Accept. The poetic lyrics drip off your tongue and the melodies are so unbelievably  catchy. It amazes me that Udo and his bandmates haven't yet taken over the  music world!  This is timeless, classic rock 'n' roll that follows in a  long line of brilliant music that came before it: from The Beatles to Iron  Butterfly to Led Zeppelin. Balls To The Wall is music that trancends  anything else in its genre. Deep yet fun. Heavy yet warm. Dark yet  enjoyable. If I could give this album more than 5 stars I would.  &quot;Losers and Winners&quot; could provide as an anthem for the new  millennium. It's just THAT good! Please buy this album and join in on the  musical celebration.
B000005RUX|5.0|I am a brand new convert to Pearl Jam since the death of my son on June 4, 1999. He was an avid Pearl Jam supporter and would always tell me how great they were. Since his death I have listened to every Pearl Jam album/song  that I can find and I believe that he was correct. Pearl Jam has surpassed  all of my expectations.
B000002L80|4.0|Good CD. Brings back memories of my college years in the 80's. The Talking Heads are a very unique band whose style compares with no other band.
0312853254|3.0|And the obsession I found extremely annoying.  Oh well.  VASTLY better than the 3rd one, though.  Stay away from it!
6305265666|5.0|We all grew up reading the book and watching the Disney version and this version is simply enchanting. I enjoyed the little details like showing them collecting honey and the class structure. And hats off to the casting  director as well! Perfect picks for the actors and Anjelica Huston delivers  a wonderfully contemptible evil step-mother-you'll hate her character!
0312199066|4.0|Gene's book is a fine read, and being a voracious reader of all things space, even I was shocked to read of the danger encountered by the early astros on their Gemini EVAs. It's too bad that he doesn't get very personal  with his thoughts -- what was it like to stand on the moon and look back?  Maybe it's too difficult to convey in words.  <br />But what makes me  extremely angry is the way in which Congress and the administrations of LBJ  to the present have put manned space exploration on the back burner. The  '60's were heady days, we just didn't know it at the time. We now need a  leader who can get us back into real exploration. Enough of this  orbit-around-the-earth-in-the-boring-shuttle stuff.  What a yawner! Get  with it Congress -- give us our space program back.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Excellent album, why it took  12 years to release something this good is a mystery, this is without a doubt their best since 7th son.  The album sounds  a lot like piece of mind only urgent and heavier, ie:  the middle  section of ghost of the navigator sounds like an updated version of the  middle part of to tame a land, and the fallen angel sounds like a sharper  and more interesting version of where eagles dare.  Buy this one you won't  be disappointed!
B00000JGOJ|5.0|This movie follows the stories of 3 sisters and their private romantic lives.  One sister (Madeline Stowe) is married and gets her kicks out of sleeping around.  This section of the film bothered me, that character was  so awful, but it didn't ruin the film.  Gillian Anderson (of XFiles) did a  wonderful job as a young woman whose been hurt and disappointed all her  life by men and is afraid to trust her new love.  The third sister and my  very favorite storyline was played by Angelina Jolie.  She is a total  whacked out wild party girl who falls in deep love with Ryan Phillipe  (Cruel Intentions).  Their storyline brought me to tears, I've never seen a  movie deal with this kind of content, but I can't say what it is, I don't  want to give it away.  The chemistry these two had was phenomenal.  Please  listen and don't let this movie pass you by!
B00000K19E|5.0|Matrix is the best movie I have seen in a long time.  My friends kept telling me to see it over and over again for about a year.  I thought that I wouldn't like it because Keanu Reeves is in it.  I finally saw it about  two months ago and I have seen it four times since then.  This movie made  me think about reality as I know it a lot.  The concept of the plot is  amazing.  It is so original, atleast I never heard of anything like it  before.  The action is ofcourse awesome too.  The special effects are  wonderful.  The soundtrack is awesome too.  I have had that before I owned  the movie.  I love Rammstein and Marilyn Manson and the techno music too.   Massive Attack has a song in the movie that was not on the soundtrack.  I  wish their song would've been on there.  So what I'm saying is see this  movie and own the soundtrack.
0767849493|1.0|Content:         Antichrist Language:        foul Dialog:          almost no value added Acting:          average Humour:          where? Role model value: -9 (on a scale -10 to 10)<br />In few words, this is just another piece  of Hollywood trash.<br />Quoting myself: &quot;I don't like to play the role  of the critic or judge.&quot; But this movie is worthy of my expressing my  impressions:<br />1. I grew tired of the profanities very fast - I lost track  of the dialog 2. I did not like the gore/violence 3. I did not like  anything 4. I fell asleep<br />The movie is heading straight to the trash  compactor.
0312199066|4.0|Gene's book is a fine read, and being a voracious reader of all things space, even I was shocked to read of the danger encountered by the early astros on their Gemini EVAs. It's too bad that he doesn't get very personal  with his thoughts -- what was it like to stand on the moon and look back?  Maybe it's too difficult to convey in words.  <br />But what makes me  extremely angry is the way in which Congress and the administrations of LBJ  to the present have put manned space exploration on the back burner. The  '60's were heady days, we just didn't know it at the time. We now need a  leader who can get us back into real exploration. Enough of this  orbit-around-the-earth-in-the-boring-shuttle stuff.  What a yawner! Get  with it Congress -- give us our space program back.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I'm still blown away by the amazing music, by the thought-provoking lyrics, and by the passion that went into this record.  Rage Against The Machine rocks!  Tom Morello's guitar riffs are second to none, and Zack de  la Rocha is a vocal powerhouse.  Don't miss the mind-bending &quot;Mic  Check&quot; and &quot;Calm Like A Bomb.&quot;  And, hey kids, &quot;Sleep  Now in the Fire&quot; has proved once and for all that you don't have to be  a pathetic sellout to get major airplay... If you're reading this review  and you don't have this record AND RATM's &quot;Evil Empire&quot; already,  then order them NOW!  You'll be glad you did.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|THE BAND: Steve Harris (bass/keyboards), Bruce Dickinson (vocals), Dave Murray (guitar), Adrian Smith (guitar), Nicko McBrain (drums), Janick Gers (guitar).<br /><br />THE DISC: (2000) 10 tracks clocking in at 67 minutes. The disc contains a 14-page booklet with band pictures, lyrics and thank you's. Recorded at Guillaume Tell Studios in Paris, France. Bassist Steve Harris once again is the creative force behind the album - co-producing and writing or co-writing each of the 10 songs. Each of the other band members (except McBrain) contribute in the writing of at least one song as well.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Most of what Iron Maiden put out in the 1990's was horrid, so I came apon this album with hesitation. Exit Blaze Bailey, re-enter Bruce Dickinson. Seeing the original line-up from the 1980's back in tact (plus Gers), I decided to absolutely chance it... having only been kept alive on Dickinson's solo work throughout the 90's. \\"Brave New World\\" (BNW) is a pleasant surprise. Gone are the bass and guitar synth's that were present on \\"Somewhere In Time\\" and \\"7th Son\\"... BNW features voice, drums, driving guitars, and an occasional stroke on the keyboard. This is easily their best studio album in 12 years (7th Son...), maybe  more. Bruce Dickinson is back and sounds great. Although I do miss his high piercing vocals (like on the classic \\"Where Eagles Dare\\")- and I really didn't hear it until the last song (\\"Thin Line Between Love & Hate\\"). I have a slight problem with the title of the last song - an Iron Maiden tune with the word \\"Love\\" in it? It just doesn't sound right. The band sounds very tight on \\"Brave New World\\". They have obviously taken their time to do things write on this album. Nicko sounds like he has a new drum kit. The snare drum sounds a bit higher pitched than normal. That's okay tho, it sounds good. Track 1 \\"The Wicker Man\\" is one of those classic \\"2 Minutes to Midnight\\" type songs, fast from the get-go. The title track has a nice slow intro and then the rest of the band kicks it up a notch. Track 4, \\"Blood Brothers\\" has a Jethro Tullesque feel to it (no problem). \\"The Mercenary\\" and \\"The Fallen Angel\\" are the hardest rocking tunes on the disc - and they kick some seious tail. \\"The Nomad\\" is a marathon of a song at just over 9 minutes. I like it's irregular guitar chords and story line. The album ends with \\"The Thin Line Between Love & Hate\\" - this song has it all... It's fast, it's slow, Bruce is all over the place (a good thing) and the song has a great melody. At the very end you'll hear one of the band say \\"I missed it\\". If any of them missed something, I don't know what it is. The song is a strong one - the whole album is STRONG. \\"Brave New World\\" gets my vote for best metal album of the year in 2000, and 'Comeback Artist' of the year as well. Up the Irons! Great disc.he band kicks it up a notch. Track 4, \\"Blood Brothers\\" has a Jethro Tullesque feel to it (no problem). \\"The Mercenary\\" and \\"The Fallen Angel\\" are the hardest rocking tunes on the disc - and they kick some seious tail. \\"The Nomad\\" is a marathon of a song at just over 9 minutes. I like it's irregular guitar chords and story line. The album ends with \\"The Thin Line Between Love & Hate\\" - this song has it all... It's fast, it's slow, Bruce is all over the place (a good thing) and the song has a great melody. At the very end you'll hear one of the band say \\"I missed it\\". If any of them missed something, I don't know what it is. The song is a strong one - the whole album is STRONG. \\"Brave New World\\" gets my vote for best metal album of the year in 2000, and 'Comeback Artist' of the year as well. Up the Irons! Great disc.
158234082X|3.0|This book has given me a deeper appreciation of the wonders of good food. The smell, the look and the taste of well prepared food will be more enhanced after reading this Mr. Bourdain's descriptions. What the book has  also given me is a determination NEVER to eat in any restaurant east of the  Mississippi. (and west may be suspect,too) . I will certainly have a deeper  appreciation of meals cooked at home.
B00003CWN2|5.0|I have no idea how a story like this got made into a movie.  And I don't mean that in a bad way.  This is a supremely intense and emotional story.  It is hard to breathe while your watching it, especially towards the latter  part.  <br />Even though I did not know the story of Brandon Teena, the story  was kind of predictable.  Still, anticipating what was going to happen  still did not make it any easier to watch the screen.  <br />Hats off to  Hillary Swank for acting like crazy.  And to Chloe Sevigny who was able to  stand her ground with a great performance of her own. <br />Credit must be  given to the director, Kimberly Pierce, who managed to bring this story to  screen and to infuse such a sad tale with some hope and happiness.<br />Watch  this movie.  It will not be comfortable but you will get a lot out of it.
B00000IQMT|3.0|I wish a two CD set would have been put out from the get go. This is a good CD -but incomplete. Some of the best scored scenes from the film are gone. The fact that the titles are either incorrect or in the wrong order  bugs me as well. I am hoping Williams comes up with something a little  darker and dramatic for episodes two and three, none of this Jar Jar and  Anakins theme stuff. I know I have b-----d a lot so I will say that what  music is here is very enjoyable but the form and content seems to have been  hashed together with (very) little thought.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|I love IRON MAIDEN...but the stuff with Blaze blew big time.  When the rumor that Bruce and Adrian were coming back, I couldn't have been happier.  Bruce's last 2 solo CD's were way better than the last 5 IM  releases.<br />That said, BNW is in my CD player and after a couple of  listen-through's I must say that this is more in line with VIRTUAL REALITY  IX than any classic Bruce-era stuff.<br />VIRTUAL's biggest problem was the  same chorus being sung over and over again to stretch out a 4 min song into  8 mins.  Seems same thing is going on here.  Most of these songs needed  some serious edits and they could have had a better cd.<br />Dissappointed but  it seems to grow on me after every listen...that's why the 4 star rating,  not what I think of it now but what I'm sure it's gonna rank in a few days  for me. Enjoy and UP THE IRONS!
B000000I0G|5.0|Together with its successor,&quot;Crises&quot; from 1983, &quot;Five Miles out&quot; represents the typical format of Mike's albums in the 80's: one-side long track, here &quot;Taurus 2&quot;, and an assortment of  shorter musical pieces, which cover the other side. Mike has started this  concept with &quot;Platinum&quot; and has kept it for almost twelve years.  Being a strongly conceptual album, &quot;Five Miles out&quot; was one of  the first Mike's studio albums I've purchased. It was inspired with Mike's  adventure, soon after he had gained his piloting licence in 1979, when a  plane, piloted by him, was caught in a heavy storm. I like to think of it  as a background music on airports. Needles to say, this album wouldn't gain  its high reputation (it was his most selling album after the debut  &quot;Tubular Bells&quot;) without act of Mike's new discovery which he  found in Maggie Reilly, female singer.<br />&quot;Taurus 2&quot; is 25 minutes  long, very coloured and dynamic instrumental track, which opens with a  heavy guitar pattern, playing fil-rouge &quot;Five Miles out&quot; theme,  introducing the whole album in first three minutes, soon to be followed by  Paddy Moloney's pipes and Mike's guitar, briliantly merged in a kind of  traditional tune. It slowly increases with more and more instruments added,  then explodes in a blast and drowns toward the horizon... here, the most  beautiful part of &quot;Taurus 2&quot; begins, when Maggie Reilly sings the  heart of a track, &quot;Deep deep sound&quot; melody, like she was singing  somewhere above the clouds. Then guitars start again, repeating the melody  and fade into a second part of the track, which features female voices,  used as an instrument, and &quot;Five Miles out&quot; theme again, this  time in screaming, frenzy guitars. The track is softly closed with zither  tune. &quot;Family Man&quot;, one of the Oldfield's biggest pop-hits, opens  the other side. It features Mike's characteristic guitar passages, often  captured in his later successes as &quot;Moonlight Shadow&quot;. The track  ends in a big blow and turns into a picturesque preface to  &quot;Orabidoo&quot; - this track is consisted of five very different  parts, but Mike managed to combine them into a little master-piece. First,  vocoder sings &quot;Message from Kathmandu&quot; tune, using all kind of  voices from the pilot cabin, then turns into a furious guitar theme,  already attached in &quot;Taurus 2&quot;. In a few minutes, you'll get an  impression like you're walking at the huge plane-runway, people  communicating over radio-connections, before another guitar rush takes  over. Maggie Reilly ends the track gently, singing a melody about Ireland.  &quot;Mt. Teide&quot; is a short instrumental piece, built on a beautiful  melody, slowly increasing toward the end... you can picture yourself  watching this highest peak of Tenerife Island with its cone-shaped crater,  covered with snow, rising from the clouds. The album is closed by  &quot;Five Miles out&quot; track, which now sounds very familiar with its  characteristic tune, accompanied by Maggie and Mike again - the sound of a  diving plane finishes the album.<br />It's a pity this album doesn't include a  single &quot;Mistake&quot; (first released in 1985 on &quot;The  Complete&quot;), as it would complement this album perfectly. However, I'd  recommend &quot;Five miles out&quot; for everyone who's about to purchase  one of his 80's albums. Also, consider the option to purchase  &quot;Crises&quot; album.
B000001E7T|5.0|This album may be the finest recording this decade. This album is a landmark in rock history for many reasons. Moving,frightening and inspiring music that pierced the ears of any listener. Female credibility and talent  displayed without question or critiscm. Ideas, lyrics and emotion presented  with creative originality and brilliance. To Bring You My Love is very  produced without losing Polly's famous raw grace. Without a doubt, this  album is epic.
B000001FYL|5.0|This is definitely one of my all time favorites.  I've worn out the cassette and am on my second copy of the CD.  It's seen me through road trips, personal hell, some great times at college, and many days just  relaxing in the sun.  Lyrically I think JBJ does some of his best work, and  the raw quality to several of the songs makes this a very honest album  IMHO.  I dare say this outdoes many of the band's albums and somehow seems  to give itself over to rock'n'roll without seeming formulaic.  I recommend  this highly!
B00000AD94|1.0|Spock's Beard has to be one of the worst groups I have ever heard in my life; I found it extremely difficult to wade through even five minutes of this without wanting to lose my lunch. The pieces are all basically  compendiums of every prog cliche in the book--and worse than that,  they  don't even steal from the *good* ones.  Everything is bombastic, overblown  and overused; I don't think there is a single original idea in the entire  hour it takes this CD to play. The vocalist's operatic histrionics are  truly horrifying.  I am a huge fan of early ELP, Yes,  Genesis, etc. but  this sounds more like Rush,  Boston and Styx to me.  You will find nothing  of the adventurous spirit of the best prog music here, only a bunch of  overcooked arena-rock riffs alternated with pompous piano tinklings and  lyrics that must be heard to be believed.
0440234743|4.0|This book has a very strong theme of Christian faith and redemption. I'm not sure what nonbelievers make of this, but I found it extremely interesting and thought provoking. Without this, the book would be just  another mass-produced best seller.
0671027344|4.0|Drugs, sex, mix tapes and crying all point to a character created by Stephen Chbosky of the name Charlie.  In The Perks of Being a Wallflower a teenage boy seems to live through high school leading a very radical life,  unlike that of any typical student of his age.  Charlie's best friends  introduce him to drugs.  The person whom he loves the most abuses him.   Charlie has never experienced the good side of life he is always depressed  and happy only for the others other than himself.  There is no one to whom  Charlie can talk to.  His sister is busy, brother is in college and he does  not wish for his parents to know of what he has done.  The only way  Charlies finds to escape life is by becoming one with the grass, trees, sky  and the air.  A horrible life led by a disturbed person.
B00000634J|5.0|John Lennon have written too many good songs to fit on single album. However the selection of the song here is creme de la creme. You know it would be nice it this album are double CD's so that more song can be  included.
0140441409|5.0|I do not know of any philosopher who had more to say about the human condition than Marcus Aurelius. I re-read The Meditations during a personal crisis last year and once again found his words comfort and reassurance--not to mention inspiration.
6305657947|3.0|I saw the trailer and expected to be fascinated by a feast of clever burglaries, scenes of action and a touch of romance.  What was delivered was a good romantic film, with one burglary and a clever twist.<br />This film  is compared to Entrapment.  I believe the two are completely different  films.  Entrapment IS about burglary with a touch of romance.  Thomas Crown  is about romance with a touch of burglary.<br />At the end of the day, I don't  think TCA is anything special or different from the rest.  However, it is  an enjoyable movie.  I would avoid the trailer!
0679720200|3.0|The Stranger, by Albert Camus, is a good book that was originally written in French.  Any book that is translated into English is almost always a good book.  In this book you read about a man named Meursalt that is almost  indifferent on every subject in the story, and you really start to notice  it as you read further into the story.  As you read The Stranger it seems  as if Meursalt isn't even perticipating in the world around him, it seems  like he's just watching.<br />Through the book I noticed that Albert Camus  gets into a lot of detail in The Stranger. Albert Camus describes every  action that Meursalt goes through.  An example of this is when Meursalt  says I smoked a cigar in my mother's living room.  Again, this statement is  one of indifference.  Infact, many of the statements in this book are like  this one.  Very few statements in this book are either positive or  negitive.  I believe Albert Camus does this for a reason.  I think he does  it so you can find out how you think.<br />This book was written in 1946 and  is considered Albert Camus' one masterpiece.  Even in today's world it  still holds social significance.  It gives the reader an insight on how he  or she thinks through the neutral character Meursalt.  Nearly sixty years  later Albert Camus' masterpiece is still read by people every day.  It is  even part of the high school reading criteria.<br />Even if your not that  entranced with The Stranger it will still make you think.  Even if the  thoughts aren't positive.  There are parts in this story when you think,  `Why would he say that.' Or, `Now why would he get involved with him.'  Like any books though I think there are some flaws.  Sometimes he does  things that seem to have no meaning except to further the plot.  In fact,  the plot itself doesn't seem to show itself until halfway through the  story.  In the end though this is still a book you should consider reading.  It is an interesting book and after reading it for a while you will start  getting into the plot.
B0000026WD|5.0|In this record, michael escapes his dominant pop sound and moves on to a more funkier sound.This album is great and shows that both jackson and Teddy Riley make a great team when it comes to production.My favorate song  is Give in to me cause it's raw and shows Slashs badass guitar playing.If  you're waiting for his new album, then this should give you something to  listen to while you're waiting
B00004T8RK|4.0|Poor Eddie Vedder.  Few souls are more troubled with success and accolades...remember his Grammy acceptance speech that consisted of &quot;This means nothing, but thanks&quot;?  Well, get ready for more, Mr.  Vedder...the thoughtful, innovative rock of &quot;Binaural&quot; is sure to  have airplay and acclaim knocking at your door once again.<br />The project  kicks off with three breezy rockers: &quot;Breakerfall,&quot; &quot;God's  Dice,&quot; and &quot;Evacuation.&quot;  The power of the songs is  undeniable, and the writing (especially on &quot;Evacuation&quot;) is as  tight as anything they've penned over the years; it certainly has more  energy and life than you might expect from a ten-year-old band.   Further  into the album, &quot;Insignificance&quot; and &quot;Grievance&quot; are  both strong, driving numbers that will no doubt inspire a lot of jumping up  and down at concerts.<br />But the finest moments on &quot;Binaural&quot; are  quieter ones; the gentle love song &quot;Thin Air&quot; and the mournful  &quot;Light Years&quot; are of distinctly different but nonetheless equal  beauty.  Vedder's voice hasn't lost any of its longing ache, and as a  result we have two of Pearl Jam's finest ballads.  It's hard not to hear a  Beatles here and there, especially during the guitar licks on &quot;Of the  Girl&quot; and &quot;Rival&quot;; but the songs are anything but  knock-offs, boasting classic examples of the Seattle sound that Pearl Jam  helped form in the early 90's.  Furthermore, the folky and surprising  &quot;Soon Forget&quot; is a whimsical character study that would do Lennon  &amp; McCartney proud.<br />But such influences being found aren't a detriment  in the least; this record finds Pearl Jam maturing and continuing to break  musical ground instead of merely resting on their Fathers-of-Grunge  laurels.  Hopefully Eddie Vedder is prepared to shade himself from the  spotlight once again, as &quot;Binaural&quot; cements the band's status as  one of America's most important rock bands.
6302610702|5.0|Coppola's masterworks take on a living-tapestry quality when viewed in the  mesmerizing, seamless collection provided here.  Gorgeously shot, and full  of remarkable acting, music, costuming, sets, these films define America's  development throughout the first half of the 20th century by concentrating  on the details in one crime family's growth.  Wow.  Though Part III suffers  from the miscasting of Sofia Coppola, who gives it her best shot, it still  holds up, filled with those grand, swirling sequences that combine violence  and art so imaginatively.  I think the second part, with DeNiro and Pacino  starring, is the most richly observed, and covers the broadest canvas the  most effortlessly.  However, seen as a gigantic whole, you will be  overwhelmed by the stories told, and by how well they are told.  It is a  work of lasting power and true vision.  Enjoy it over and over again...
B000009FGU|5.0|THIS IS DEFINITELY ONE OF ULI'S FINEST WITH THE SCORPIONS. MY FAVORITE TRACK HAS TO BE DRIFTING SUN WHICH I CONSIDER A METAL CLASSIC. THIS ALBUM/CD GETS OVERLOOKED ALOT BUT IT IS SOLID THROUGHOUT! SPEEDYS COMING IS  PROBABLY THE MOST KNOWN TRACK AND ROCKS BUT IF FIND THE WHOLE TRACK LIST  EXCELLENT. KLAUS'S VOCALS ARE GREAT AND RUDY SCHENKER IS THE RIFFMASTER  EXTRAORDANAIRE! IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN OLD SCORPIONS GIVE THIS A LISTEN!
B00003TL18|4.0|Bought this since I thought is was from a concert I saw on PBS. I really like the CD but am disappointed that the version of Crying isn't the duet with k.d. lang that I saw. Their two great voices produced a version that  was really great.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is the craziest and most interesting movie I have ever seen in my  life.  There's nothing else I can say.
B00003CWL5|1.0|Well, that may not be entirely accurate. I shouldn't say that this movie was a HUGE disappointment, simply because I went in with no expectations. And am I qualified to fully review?--since I was so bored with this film  that I walked out of the screening room after an hour? Maybe not. But I  will say this: AM has been called a sharp black comedy, commenting on  current American values. I didn't find the film particularly funny or  insightful (sorry folks--'King of Comedy' and 'Little Murders' w/Elliot  Gould still have more to say about American 'values' than this picture); I  didn't find the story particularly compelling (it reads more like a quiet,  suburban soap opera); and the performances didn't quite jell (the actors  all performed as if in different films, seperate from each other). To their  credit, Spacey (far better in t.v.'s WISEGUY) turned in a rather staid  performance, but this role was low on energy and believability. And I'm a  huge fan of Benning, but I will say that she gives it her all in a film  that is neither creatively photographed nor emotionally gripping, and  certainly doesn't do her any favors career-wise. All in all, it's a pretty  toothless effort from a group that should have been able to produce  something more.  And finally, I can say this: even an episode of FOX's  comedy series 'TITUS' is sharper and more scathing than this weak effort.  Personally, I find it a bit insulting that a British director seems to  think this script qualified as any sort of legitimate contemporary  commentary, especially for someone working inside the 'Hollywood system.'  But I suppose that being a director for the major studios certainly  qualifies him as a keen observer of Midwestern values and the human  condition. Is it any wonder the Bristish no longer have a legitimate film  community? We should have seen this one coming a long ways away, and turned  it back before it reached the shores. Don't believe the hype. And do your  homework.
B00002NDB1|1.0|One song and that was it: Self Destruction. Blaze has his own identity. He couldn't seem to hold his voice longer than 5 seconds, and he is off-key most of the time. He can have a potential like Bruce, but he doesn't know  how to harness it. And the album is kind of weak. It's good to know Bruce  and Adrian back in the lineup.
B000003NA3|5.0|The price is a bit steep, but this set is worth every penny. The collection is nothing less than a slice of history, a series of nights that Coltrane and his band used to leave their mark on the history of  jazz.<br />Some multidisc collections of live music are suspect, particularly  if they feature several versions of the same tune, because the material is  repetitious. As another reviewer rightly noted, that is not the case on  this release. It's often been noted by critics that an evening in a club  with Coltrane was an adventure because he experimented right there on the  bandstand. You'll hear how right that observation was when you listen to  these discs. There are only 10 different tunes. But you'll hear, for  example, a completely different &quot;Spiritual&quot; than you heard on the  original vinyl release of 1961.<br />It's a real lesson in the true spirit of  jazz to listen to these discs, then, because you hear how seriously Trane,  Dolphy, Tyner, Jones and Reggie Workman approached their art, reworking  these tunes, trying to find new ways to play them.<br />It means, of course,  also that not every note is perfect. Sometimes you can hear Trane straining  to find his way in a tune. But for me listening to a great musician hard at  work is immensely more valuable than listening to another slick,  studio-produced package that has had all of its soul air-brushed  away.<br />Trane and Dolphy live on in this disc, and the spirit of these  evenings lives on in the music of the other three, who have survived them.  Pick up the set and clear away a few hours of listening. You'll be well  compensated.
0312853238|5.0|I am not a fan of science fiction. I read the occasional sci-fi book, and it is usually one that is potentially meaningful to a reader outside the genre.<br />'Ender's Game' is one such a novel. On every level, intellectual  and emotional, it grabs you and doesn't let go. It combines brilliant  concepts, such as the battle-room and the 'Speaker for the Dead', with  emotional depth and intensity. Ender is one of the most memorable  characters in science fiction, right up there with Paul Atreides. The  struggles of this innocent child to remain human and at the same time  become a hardened killing-machine are heart-rending to watch, summoning  tears many a time. All the children who are heroes--Bean, Petra, Alai--are  admirable yet at the same time pitiable, sacrificing the innocence of their  childhood on the altar of civilization. One can cheer them on yet at the  same time grieve, that they had to lose so much in exchange for what they  gained. <br />The plot is fast-paced and always surprising; there's no putting  the book down until it's over. The ending was puzzling to me the first time  I read the book, but now I see it as a vindication of Ender as a human  being, as opposed to a cold killer. His role is reversed from killer to  life-giver, and he is able to reclaim the humanity he has desired for so  long.<br />Ender's own dual identity, the battle-room commander who still  misses his older sister Valentine, is portrayed flawlessly. His joy becomes  the reader's joy, and his suffering the reader's suffering. That is the  true greatness of this book.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Forget Judas Priest, this album is going to be a timeless classic. This is slighty differ from the awesome &quot;Piece of Mind&quot; and &quot;Powerslave&quot;. The intro of ever songs may not be as raw as the  songs mentioned on the albums above, but it has its own identity.
014028009X|5.0|A friend told me about this book last year, but I only picked it up a few nights ago. By the following evening, I had finished and was heading to my local bookstore to pick up the sequel. (Sorry Amazon.com, I just couldn't wait.) I advise you to order this book along with the sequel, so you don't  end up paying bookstore prices. Chances are you will want to read them  both.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird was assigned to me by my english teacher. I thought the big would be a waste of time only to find to my surpise how much I enjoyed it.      The way it dealed and handled prejuidice was amazing. Most books only include information about racism, To Kill A Mockingbird dealt  with Race vs. Race, Woman vs. Men, and Classes vs. classes.    I give this  book five stars b/c it helps children, teenagers, and adults deal with  prejuidce of all kinds. Prejuidice isn't something that can be ignored, and  it will never coimpletely go away. However, when you read this book,  through the eyes of a young girl. you realize exactly what it does to the  world. As a whole.
6305011575|5.0|I am a huge fan of Stephen King, and I have over 20 of his books and have the movie IT. I love the movie, i have seen it 6 times, i just bought it 2 weeks ago. I am currently rteading the unabridged version of the book, and  WOW! The book is even better than the movie. The movie has great acting, a  great story, and great lovable characters. This movie puts you through all  your emotions. Happy, Proud Hopeful Scared Sad Mad
0792846303|4.0|This isn't so much a review as it is a statement about how happy I am to see that this film has finnaly been re-released on video. I recently purchased a used copy and was very much content with that. But I was very  happy to see that it was being re-released on VHS. I can only HOPE that a  DVD version is on the  way.  Yeah the movie isn't great, but how can you  resist the 2nd teaming up of Jamie Lee Curtis and John Carpenter. Add to  that the teaming up of Jamie Lee with her mom Janet Leigh!  The movie is  eerie and the soundtrack makes it even spookier; if you like a good old  fashioned ghost story, don't miss it. Also, John Carpenter and Adrienne  Barbeau got married after this one and Nancy Loomis (also in Halloween) has  a small part.  Watch this and tell me YOU don't get freaked  out next time  you're stranded in a dense FOG bank!
6305807086|5.0|This is one of 'em.<br />I was hooked from the opening scene.  Even though none of the actors are really even in it (major kudos to the puppeteering/design team...they make this film too.), it sets this weird  melancholic but frenzied-life tone to the flick that never stops.<br />The  acting in this film is superb.  One of the only movies out there where you  really do forget that you are watching people playing roles (the guy with  me kept forgetting that it was actually Cameron Diaz on screen-it's really  unbelieveable how disheveled the costume team made her).<br />The story is  really pretty simple, but the implications are immense.  Not only touching  on our own celebrity fascination, but also toying with the strange feeling  of &quot;What would it be like if...?&quot;, _Being John Malkovich_ has a  lot to say about that ineffable ineptitude that so many of us are familiar  with.<br />The presence of all of the characters is breaktaking, simply  because all of their crazy and bizarre behaviours seem perfectly normal.   It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.<br />_Being John Malkovich_ is fun, loony, and even a touch  philosophical.  Plus, you'll laugh until you cry.  And when was the last  time you saw John Malkovich in a red-sequined gown in all his bare-headed  glory?<br />But a warning.  This is a weird little movie.  It doesn't look  like an absurdist flick, but it really is.  I know that some people don't  like that.  This is definitely a &quot;Love it!&quot; or  &quot;What? &quot; kind of film.  If you need your movies to have  even-paced predictable plots and definitive endings or if you need  characters to behave in rational and real world ways, avoid this one.  This  is not a lark for those new to the world of film absurdity-the hard and  fast rules of blockbuster type films do not apply here.  I'd hate for  someone not to like this film because they weren't familiar with the  strange creativity of the genre.
0553108034|5.0|Everyone! There are like seven would-be Kings and Queens trying to take over the Seven Kingdoms! I haven't seen anything like it- Armies crawling all over the countryside. All throughout this book you find yourself trying  to imagine who will run into whom. Hoping so-and-so gets his hands on this  guy, and so on. And when they do encounter each other- it's incredible! You  will love this series!<br />This story is told from the point-of-view of nine  (at present) distinct main characters with a great supporting cast, and  while some feel this gets too confusing- I love it. It feels like you are  reading nine stories at the same time. Most are excellent... Sansa and  Catelyn might have to go if they don't get better, but Tyrion is one of my  favorite characters ever. What really rivets you is the fact that Martin is  not afraid to kill off his characters. Not like in Wheel of Time where  everyone manages to escape or make a comeback (look for Moiraine and  Lanfear in the next one).<br />One small factor does manage to irk me... the  language. Not the cursing mind you. That was used rather tastefully and not  over done. What I refer to is the annoying speech habits of certain  characters... The Crow was fine yelling, \\"Corn!\\" or whatever, but then you  have the alchemist saying \\"...hmmm.\\" in every sentence, Stannis' fool with,  \\"I know! I know! Oh! Oh!\\" and there's a few others not to mention HODOR!  This was annoying, but just a minor gripe.<br />I don't feel it was quite as  good as Game of Thrones, but it sure comes close, and still enough for a \\"5  star\\". Martin's plotting and dialogue are truly masterful and you'd be a  fool to pass up on reading this series (6 books projected). But there is a  lot of painful waiting between each new installment and at least six years  until the end- Oh the agony!
B000002ADT|5.0|(I wish I had something intelligent to add, but it's all been said and all that's left is to gush)
6301978587|4.0|For anyone interested - in an official online chat with a rep from MGM - YENTL is coming to DVD sometime (no sure when) in 2001 - no details were given, except it will be special - from gossip I've heard that Barbara is a  supporter of DVD, I'm guessing, the 'very special' comment means a  commentary - don't quote me on that part, only a guess.
B000002AH7|5.0|I find Davis the most intellectual of musicians, and this his most spectacularly intellectual recording.  His reconfiguration of one of the 20th century's true masterpieces, the late Joaquim Rodrigo's Concerto de  Aranjuez, is without parallel, an impossible achievement.
B000002UCE|5.0|Since the time of its original release to the present day, my father played (plays) this album every day.  The song &quot;Imagine&quot; is his morning prayer.  I heard side one of this album repeated over and over  again, every day, for 14 or 15 years.  I know every note, every drum beat,  every crackle in John's voice, etc. on that first side.  When I grew up and  moved out, I actually missed the album, and purchased a copy, on compact  disc (so I became enamored with side 2 as well).  I still listen to Imagine  often (though not obsessively like my father).  The songs are wonderfully  written, and it is obvious that John and his all star cast had fun laying  them on tape; resulting in a recording that stands the test of time (I have  heard it more times than most people have heard any recording, and I still  love it).  The Beatles had &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, Paul had &quot;Band on  the Run&quot;, George had &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, Ringo had  &quot;Ringo&quot;, and John had &quot;Imagine&quot;...  Enough said
6305132984|5.0|Ignore the dated daddy-o language, and try to remember what an impact this show made back when it premiered. How different this was from Oklahoma!, not just in its portrayal of something grittier than audiences had seen,  but the still very potent depiction of racism. But let's remember  Bernstein's incredible music (yes, the Sondheim lyrics can be corny, but  its no matter) still so fresh and alive. No wonder Jerome Robbins was  inspired to his BRILLIANT choreography by this music, and what grateful  parts to sing.    Special mention goes to Rita Moreno who is completely  electrifying every moment she is onscreen. What a cliche to say someone  lights up the screen, but she absolutely bursts out of your tv with light  and fire. Her face is full of such rapturous joy which you also see in her  dancing and hear in her singing. Truly spectacular.
0451163486|5.0|Follett creates a vivid image of WWII England in this spy thriller.  It is a wonderful diversion from the techno-spy-thriller that you so often read today.  While fiction, the plausibility of the story keeps the reader  engaged start to finish. The book features a wonderful matching of wits  between a cold-blooded Nazi spy and a professor-turned investigator.  The  sub-plots are riveting. This one's a page-turner!
B00004SCBG|3.0|I will try to describe this complicated album in a simplistic way.<br />Lizard is a piece of art. No doubt about that. Experimental jazz, tales, rock, orchestra, laughter. But even good art has not only got  supporters. And this album is not my taste of art.<br />I bought Lizard  because it's supposed to be King Crimson's best album - and because Jon  Anderson sings on Prince Ruperts Awakes (the first part of the 23 minute  title track) which is definitely the album's highlight, together with  Cirkus. The rest is so much giggeling around and blowing horns to  de-jazzability that it becomes kinda pretentious. It undoubtedly remains a  piece of art, though.<br />If you can get hold of the paper sleeve instead of  the jewelbox, then do so! This one is refreshingly provoking: it's simply  the original vinyl album cover and inner covers reduced in size! Brilliant!  And a needed provocation to all the drawbacks of the CD age!
6304411448|2.0|Yes, Johnny Depp provides another great performance here, as does most of the cast.  The story line is what drags this movie down.  Beyond the slew of predictable lines and scenarios, I found the message of the film a bit  shallow.  &quot;Love conquers all...including schizophrenia.&quot;  It's  just not life-like.  Some of the imagery and allusions are heavy-handed at  times.  I wanted to scream, &quot;OK, I get it.&quot;  Not a terrible film,  but not that great either.  If you want to see a more compelling Depp film,  see &quot;What's Eating Gilbert Grape.&quot;
B000003S0D|3.0|I will try to describe this complicated album in a simplistic way.<br />Lizard is a piece of art. No doubt about that. Experimental jazz, tales, rock, orchestra, laughter. But even good art has not only got  supporters. And this album is not my taste of art.<br />I bought Lizard  because it's supposed to be King Crimson's best album - and because Jon  Anderson sings on Prince Ruperts Awakes (the first part of the 23 minute  title track) which is definitely the album's highlight, together with  Cirkus. The rest is so much giggeling around and blowing horns to  de-jazzability that it becomes kinda pretentious. It undoubtedly remains a  piece of art, though.<br />If you can get hold of the paper sleeve instead of  the jewelbox, then do so! This one is refreshingly provoking: it's simply  the original vinyl album cover and inner covers reduced in size! Brilliant!  And a needed provocation to all the drawbacks of the CD age!
B00000JCOV|4.0|I am really into the more aggressive alternative bands, and was taken aback by slipknot. The whole album is VERY good, I can't seen to take it out of the CD player.
B000002JQ6|4.0|This single disc of live material is extracted from a double disc set recorded during the Razor's Edge tour. In my humble opinion this is a much better buy than the larger set(especially for those new to AC/DC) because  it eliminates the more obscure and pretentious tracks. Considering that  this is the closest thing to a greatest hits record you're likely to find,  it's definitely worth the time and money if you want to see what these guys  are really all about. If on the other hand you're already a fan, If You  Want Blood is probably the better choice for a truly blistering live  performance.
0380789019|5.0|In NEVERWHERE literary artist Neil Gaiman creates a masterful blend of horror, humor, and straight-out magic in this urban fatasy epic. The amazing character development ends up with the reader hopelessly in love  with the goofy Richard Mayhew as he is plunged, head first, into the  magical and frightening world that lies just beyond our perception. And,  without a shadow of a doubt, Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemar are some of the  greatest villains I have ever encountered in my readings. (I mean they eat  kittens for heavens sake!)  This book takes you from laughing out loud to  cowering in your room smoothly and without a hitch. All fans of humorous,  urban, or dark fantasy should pick this up!
B000002AH7|5.0|Sketches of Spain is a masterpiece in the truest sense of the word. The classical feel which Evans' arrangement adds to these Spanish Folk influenced tracks is truly haunting, yet adds a distinct warmth to the  album as a whole. Perfect for relaxing on a rainy day.
B00004TWZG|4.0|Luc Besson went all out on this one. The Professional (a.k.a Leon) is  about a trained killer (Jean Reno)who accomodates an orphaned 12-year-old  girl after her family is shot down due to a drug raid. Natalie Portman  plays Mathilda, the little girl caught in the middle of a feud between  corrupt D.E.A. officer, Norman Stansfield (Gary Oldman) and her father's  inability to stash Stansfield's stocks of dope. The whole story explodes  into an all out brawl as Leon takes time to train Mathilda as a hitman or  &quot;cleaner&quot; , and Mathilda takes it upon herself to waltz into  Oldman's office and &quot;clean&quot; him up as revenge for the death of  her 4-year-old brother. This vivid artwork by director Luc Besson portrays  how love can endure anything in a city filled with shady dealings (namely,  New York). Mathilda was never shown the love Leon showed her, and she felt  at peace with him. Leon had disastrous passed relationships with women and  somehow thought he could right the wrong and still love again. Besson  supports the idea that age doesn't matter and companionship can endure many  hardships. There are non-stop thrill rides all the way with this one with a  strong moral structure holding the whole film together. A definite  masterpiece. I recommend it to anyone.
B000002ADT|5.0|When I join the BMG music club two years ago I had never dreamed that there was a world of beatiful involving music outside the realms of classic rock, a genre I had then only recently become interested in. On a whim  however I ordered Miles Davis' Kind of Blue, and when I first sat down to  listen to it I was astounded. The sheer brilliance exhibited by the entire  band was unparalleled, especially on So What and Freddie Freeloader. This  album presented me with a side of music drastically different from anything  I had ever heard before and opened my eyes to the incredible diversity in  music which I had never before seen. Definitely one of my favorite albums  of all time
B00004SVIK|5.0|This is fantastic. I wasn't expecting to like this quite so much. All these people who say it sounds just like the studio album are having ear problems. There are tons of subtle differences, and the extra tracks are  great! The sound quality is also amazing. If you can only have one copy of  The Wall this is the one to have.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is a triumph of monumental proportions, an inspiring and engrossing performance by a band which is easily one of the best in the 90's.<br />The interplay of the mellow, sullen orchestra and the  overwhelmingly powerful band itself adds a truly distinct flavor to this  record, and elevates it far above many other live recordings which  Metallica have released.<br />The reason it blends so seamlessly stems mainly  from the fact that Metallica (unlike the majority of heavy metal acts whose  sounds is rooted in the blues) has a sound characteristic of classical  stylings. This fact allows the band to interact with the orchestra in a  much more personal way and provides a truly unique listening experience.  &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;, &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot;, and &quot;Call  of Kthulu&quot; stand out.
B000000WA4|5.0|I have about 120 cds and I'd have to say that this cd, possibly is the best cd I have. It's the best 2 disc set I have. The melody of &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; is amazing and &quot;1979&quot; is the best song on the whole cd no matter what anybody says. This cd has everything.  If you are looking for a softer melody to sing to and really express your  feelings there's &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, &quot;1979 (the best)&quot;,  &quot;To Forgive&quot;, &quot;Lily (my one and only)&quot;,  &quot;Stumbeline&quot;, and a really comforting sounding song that could  easily put you to sleep (its a shame the song is only 2 1/2 minutes  long)and that's &quot;Take me down&quot; on the last of the first disc. But  also, if you want a heavy metal, head banging song, go to tunes like  &quot;Zero&quot;, &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&quot;,  &quot;Bodies&quot; (one of my personal favorites), or &quot;Muzzle&quot;.  Like I said, this is one of the best deals out of a cd you could get. I  don't see why anybody could ever even rate this a four and a half...this is  definetely Smashing Pumpkins best. End of story. Peace out...and do me a  favor, no, do yourself a favor: Buy this cd no matter how broke you  are...it's a must for a cd collection. It never comes out of my cd player,  it should never come out of yours.
B00004RHZU|3.0|I was blown away by P!NK's &quot;There You Go&quot;.  All its radio play left me hopeful that her debut would be cutting edge but after listening to it, I felt &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; really didn't have the quality to  grab me.  The songs had some diversity but nothing like nothing that showed  a range of talent.  I am interested to see where this album takes her.
0800132009|3.0|The movie, however may not be very attractive to many (given many faster action movies of today) as it is relatively slow in story with some suspense at the end of it. The suspense is centered around the point that  colonel Nicholson and his men build a bridge for the Japanese (during world  war two), but although he tries to prevent the allied commando team (that  is sent to blow the bridge) from blowing up the bridge he accidentaly blows  up the bridge himself when he is hit by a mortar shell and falls on the  charging device placed by the allied commando team!
6303477259|5.0|Pulse is definitely the best concert video there is. Period. It blew me away the first time I saw it. It's so amazing that I've watched it dozens of times since, and I'll probably watch it dozens of times again. Often I  just leave it on in the background while I'm doing other things, but I  always end up on the couch in front of the screen in no time. The lights  are mind-blowing, David Gilmour is the most underrated man in the history  of rock. He deserves nothing less than legendary status. Even if you're not  a fan of Pink Floyd, buy this. You'll change your mind about them pretty  quickly, I think.
0425107469|5.0|I got this book a while ago. I had started reading it but stopped, then a couple of months ago I picked it up again and started reading. It was the first Dean Koontz book I'd read, and I couldn't put it down. I finished it  in a week. Since then I've read Winter Moon, Phantoms, and Whispers. I  advise, no, I order you to read this book!
0385487320|5.0|There are, of course, umpteen book editions of this all-time classic.  Why choose this one?  Because it has a very well written introduction that does much to establish a sense of the personal challenges that Mary Shelly faced  while writing this gothic, incredibly prescient tale.<br /> Mary Shelly had  experienced her share of tragic circumstances, and she knew the pains of  loss of life, and how our deeply embedded desires to overcome grief can  lead us to hope for -- life out of death.  And to think that she was only  19 when she wrote this book, one that is, if anything, more relevant to our  times than to hers! I won't give anything away here, except to say that  knowing something of this young author's personal circumstances really  heightens appreciation for the book as well as her literary talents.  I  commend the New York Public Library for publishing this fine edition.<br />  The comperhensive introduction also traces the history of various  adaptations of the novel, including of course, the James Wale films from  the 1930s.  It appropriately points out how many of these adaptations  completely missed key elements of the story. In that respect, I must admit  it is fun to read the young readers' reviews, and sense their excitement in  discovering the deeper levels of meaning in this story.  Keep at it young  readers -- you'll gain more and more from this novel as you read it over at  different stages in your lives!
0446310786|5.0|The classic novel, To Kill A Mockingbird, was a magnificent book.  One reason I liked it so much was because it was very detailed.  For example, in the beginning of chapter nineteen, just before Tom Robinson was called  up to the witness stand, Harper Lee (the author) really gives us detailed  information on how Tom is nervous and what kind of actions he played played  on.  For example, when he reaches under his arm to grab his Bible.  Besides  details, I also liked the book because it is readable.  It is also a book  that really relates to our culture and way of living because of the  jealousy factor in the book, relates to our life of jealousy.  When people  are jealous the will try, in any way, to get that quality or trait they are  jealous for.  A specific element that stuck out to me was the beginning  when all the characters are described.  Another element that I really like  is when the book gets intense and stays intense during the presence of Boo  Radley.  This is a book for all audiences because it is good and it should  be read and maybe researched by both students and adults.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Up the Irons, Mate, forget about *Limp biscuit *Kid rock and all the other want-to-bees. The Masters are back in town.. The more times you here this album,the more it grows on you .Blaze was fine, but Bruce back at vocals  really hits the spot.. but of course there is no Maiden without Steve,  banging on his Bass.. this album really kicks major BOOTY.. from the  opening song till the last.. Cross your fingers and hope they will put out  another 5 or 10 albums (to help us Maidenheads)     LONG LIVE EDDIE........
6305657947|4.0|It's always difficult when you remake a popular film, with a star like Steve McQueen.  But the 1999 version holds it own in most regards and delivers on all fronts.  It has good romance and intrigue and is a fun film  to watch.  I recommend it.
6304618344|2.0|One of the worst action movies i have ever seen. Maybe if my education level never progressed beyond 5th grade i could have enjoyed this movie. This was completely unbelievable, i am not an expert on the human facial  composure but i think there may be a few NERVES and TISSUES that might make  cutting around the face and simply lifting it off a little difficult. The  movie made the swapping of faces look as simple as cut and paste on your  pc. Not to mention the ridiculous action scenes, i don't know about you but  i see big boned Travolta and scrawny Cage and all i can think is after that  they should be dead. But no, they just wipe the dirt off their slacks and  begin another scene twice as ridiculous, predictable, cliche and impossible  as the previous one. Forget Dvd or vhs this belongs on the slide reel.
B000005IU1|5.0|The Stooges are quite a mystery to me.  Who could've known the simplest songs could be so addicting? Sure it's your basic 3 chord structure, verse chorus verse, and rhyming so simple a child could do it, but it's the sound  of an era not all of us could experience.  Not only that, but this album is  a part of a bigger circle of artists, the the Velvet Underground and David  Bowie, and even inspired some of the most influental 90's bands like Sonic  Youth and even Nirvana.  So kids, Turn off the MTV, throw away your  Backstreet CD's, put this CD in and let it change your life and open your  eyes to a whole new circle of music!
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Child !   I played her music over and over .. her voice is really sound soo good .. i mean she got alot of talents and alot of good dancer too .. Now some of the girls got jealous of her because what their men or man like  her because of her inner beauty .. I don't care .. i am a woman .. i want  any other girls can being proud for her and other female vocalist .. That  girl can do anything .. I give her music 5 stars .. it is excellent.. she  does deserve to win .. next year .. she will .. you go girl Jennifer !
B00004T9UF|5.0|I got this album the minute it got to Grenada and there were only one disappointment, which was it should of gotten here sooner. Em's still the same craaazy a$$ dude but with one difference, he's MUCH BETTER!  It's hard  to top a triple platinum album, especially a debut album but he surly did  it with this joint. With the best producer by his side being no other than  the doctor himself Dr. Dre it'll be very hard for Em to drop. This isn't  white hype or the white hope, Em is a bad a$$ rapper so this album is for  all U rap fans. Add this to UR collection.
B000009ED0|5.0|I hadent heard of Kid Rock until i saw bawitdabaw on TRL in I was impressed I asked my friends who was that and they told me that it was kid rock. then I was so excited when devil with out a cause came out it was  sooo good and I'm not suprised it went platnum 7 times.
B0000025RI|5.0|i mean it , it is the best ever.
0767812417|5.0|I was Just 5 years old in 1968 when I first saw this remarkable all-singing all-dancing masterpeice of a musical movie! The effect it had on me then was awsome, the effect it has on me now at the age of 37 is  still awsome. You must see this movie! It will make you cry (Where is Love)  It will make you laugh (I'll Do Anything). Dont go through life without  seeing this film! It would be like going through life without ever  experiencing... erm... life.    10/10
B000003TAB|5.0|This CD is one of my favorite Nirvana Albums. All the songs are very good and really shows the talent Kurt has for creating genious songs. The CD has some punk influence however has many great Grunge sounds. I believe this CD  is the best pure &quot;Grunge&quot; CD ever! And I really reccomend it to  any Nirvana fan as well as good rock music fans.
0380973642|5.0|I loved every single story in this book.  They all deserve five stars.  And I'm not just saying that because I know Neil (hi Neil, BTW, it's Kat here).  My favourite was Chivalry, especially the bit where she *gives him  back the apple*.  I'm not saying any more than that because it would spoil  it, but that section alone would lift the story into top-grade, if the rest  didn't.  It's not exactly predictable, but it's a very human reaction, and  it had me in tears.  Nicholas Was... is another great one, and I'll never  think of the Christmas story in the same way again after reading it.  Just  get this book and read it now, and tell all your friends to do the same!
0440234743|5.0|I've haven't read any of the other Grisham novels, but when I heard what this one was about, I decided to give it a try - and was delightfully surprised! As a Christian, I am used to Christianity often being ridiculed  in secular novels. Not so with this one.<br />Nate O'Riley, a twice-divorced  alcoholic right out of rehab, must find Rachel Lane, a Christian missionary  nobody seems to know, amongst the Indians in the Pantanal of Brazil. Almost  like finding a needle in a haystack. The reason: Rachel has become single  heir to the tenth largest fortune in the world! The encounter is destined  to change both their lives forever.<br />Contrary to some of the other  opinions here on the site, I find the ending perfect. John Grisham knew  exactly what he was doing, and if they make a movie out of this book, I  hope they don't change it. What absolutely startled me, but in a very  positive way, was the grasp that John Grisham seems to have of Christianity  and Christian missions. He seems to have received much of his information  from Carl King, a Baptist missionary friend of his that lives in Campo  Grande and has actually taken Grisham into the Pantanal. Finally a  bestselling author who really knows what he's talking about (at least  regarding information on various aspects of religion)!<br />So if you're  looking for some food for your soul and a possible way of changing your  life's perspectives, read this novel! And to John Grisham: keep up the good  work!
B00000G3PA|1.0|I think that the McDonald's Armageddon cups were ready to ship by the time the script was written as both were crafted by the same people.  <br />Gene Siskel said that you are bombarded with so much action and noise that is  ultimately becomes amusing.  <br />The truth:  you are bombared with so much  action and noise that it quickly becomes annoying.<br />The movie tries so  hard to be a blockbuster as EVERYTHING is overdramatized.  At the beginning  we have astronomers working in a darkly lit lab with a myriad of blinking  lights.  They speak to each other in anxious tones.  During liftoff of  spacecraft, Liv Tyler watches as American flags wave in the background and  it goes on and on. <br />Many people say you should just relax and enjoy the  show.  However, not everyone can relax and enjoy anything so bone-headed.     <br />Yes, there are some technical flaw in this movie but I'll spare you the  list. <br />I don't know how many dozen movies I've seen in the theater, but  this was the only one I walked out on.
0790729628|4.0|Yup, I'm one of those dummies! I actually liked the original better. Personally, I feel the original focuses more on racial issues. Are we really capable of judging what is human and what is not? If a being comes  so close to the human original, do we have the right to retire  &quot;it&quot; if it's no longer convenient for us to have it around?  Reminds me a bit of the slave issue. The movie &quot;DARYL&quot; (remember  that one?) poses a similar question. And is most likely the reason Deckard  got so tired of his job the first time around, which leads to the logical  conclusion of the film's ending (I'm not giving this away although I can't  believe anybody hasn't seen this film yet).<br />Because of questions such as  this, &quot;Blade Runner&quot; has always been one of my favourite  Sci-Fi's. There's a lot of food for thought here, a great movie to discuss  with friends. The atmosphere which Ridley Scott creates with this  sinisterly dark film is absolutely fascinating. Would we want to live in a  world like that? I am glad for that bit of light at the end of the  original. Maybe WB will release it some day. In the mean time I give this  version four stars and am hoping for more.
B000002JK2|5.0|This recording is a lost critics darling of the 70s. Townshend and Lane are loose and predominantly acoustic, with a bunch of songs full of whistful longing for things that haven't quite worked out. Exceptionally  recorded by Glyn Johns, the two big production numbers are the well-known  (and unrepresentative) &quot;My Baby Gives it Away&quot;, and the  intentionally overblown &quot;Street in the City&quot;, which features  lovely string work arranged  by Pete's father in law John Astley, and some  finger picking that turned up later on &quot;Who Are You.&quot; But the  emotional core of the work is the late Ronnie Lane's warbled tune  &quot;Annie&quot;, with guest dobro and foot by Eric Clapton. One of the  best &quot;quiet&quot; and contemplative works of the period, and anything  but indulgent.   Would be cynics are also amused by  &quot;Misunderstood&quot;
B00000K19E|5.0|THE MATRIX , MOVIE,SOUNDTRACK,POSTERS EVRYTHING A BOUT IT KICKS  ASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
B00003CX5A|5.0|I recently saw this on DVD and it was a great movie. It was beautifully shot and acted. The scenes were Ichabod dreams about his childhood are beautiful....to us Americans who grew up with this story well, we love the movie. The soundtrack is great also, trust me I have it!
0345347951|5.0|....and exciting right from the start, when the great, mysterious ships descend from space.  An almost mystical conclusion that will leave you breathless.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Having been a Maiden fan for 13 years, I rushed out to the store to pick up this album immediately. I popped it into my CD player while driving home, and literally almost wrecked my car when &quot;Ghost Of The  Navigator&quot;  kicked!   This album is one of Maiden's best efforts ever.   Bruce's voice is more on par with the &quot;Somewhere In Time&quot; days,  especially during the chorus on &quot;Brave New World.&quot;  His  characteristic Air Raid Siren voice is prominent throughout the album.   Nicko's playing is some of the best I've heard out of him since &quot;Where  Eagle's Dare.&quot;  Especially good, is Nicko's playing on &quot;Ghost Of  The Navigator.&quot;  The lyrics are reminiscent of &quot;Seventh Son Of A  Seventh Son,&quot;  although not quite as tied together as that concept  album.  The three guitars are phemonemonal!   There is a three part guitar  harmony-melody solo on &quot;Brave New World&quot;  that is classic maiden  at its best.  Also, Janick and Dave's guitar solos are much better on this  album than on &quot;Virtual XI.&quot;  Steve Harris is as always, Steve  Harris.  This album is a must for all Maiden fans around the world, even  the ones that departed with Bruce's previous departure.  I put this album  as their fourth best ever, behind &quot;Powerslave,&quot;  &quot;Seventh  Son Of A Seventh Son,&quot;  and  &quot;Somewhere In Time.&quot;  However,  this is not a surprising considering that this album has the same line-up  as all of the previously mentioned albums plus Janick Gers.  Get this one  as soon as you can, and don't drive while listening to it the first time!   UP THE IRONS!   DOWN THE HATCH!
0441172717|5.0|...by the well-studied poet and ecologist, the DUNE books are unbelievably entertaining and philosophicall and psychologically provocative.  Highly recommended.
B00000K2SE|4.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; may not be a realistic venture into the future but it's a good ride.  The fast non-stop action seems to come at you from all different angles.  &quot;The Matrix&quot; is a breakthrough on how action  films will be made.  Incorporating new camera techniques and experimenting  with visuals and editing.  Most people that wouldn't enjoy the fast-paced  story are stuck in Hollywood's past.  After snatching four Academy Awards  (editing, sound, visual effects and visual effects editing) you'd only hope  that types of pictures like this continue to push the envelope.
020530902X|5.0|....then you're not a writer, for this is THE concise classic of style written as a series of precepts.  Some are outdated, but the book's own style will never be.
6305807086|5.0|This movie is so inventive that you'll wonder how screenwriter Charlie  Kaufman thought of the concept. Refreshingly modern, hip, giddy, funny,  innovative and bursting with originality, you won't find any creative block  here. The plot is nearly indescribable, it has something to do with a  portal at floor 7 that leads into the mind of actor John Malkovich for 15  minutes and then dumps you on the New Jersey turnpike, sound weird? it is,  but the plot is beside the point. It is thoroughly original, hilarious and  extremely and entertaining. John Cusack is great as the pathetic pupeteer,  and Cameron Diaz shows she can take good career risks with this unusual  role for her. But it is Catherine Keener and John Malkovich who give the  film is's flavor. Keener is the ultimate object of desire for everyone in  the film and she delivers very funny lines and gives the best performance  in the cast. John Malkovich is also very funny playing himself, showing us  that you can deliver a good performance even if you're playing an 'actor  named John Malkovich'. Great movie, one of the best of 1999. See it. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 9!
0385334206|4.0|Aside from his sense of humor, which I like, I admire Vonnegut's ability, which he demonstrates in this novel, to mix the tragic with the absurd and come up with something both sad and comical.  Long live Kilgore Trout!
0790743132|5.0|This movie is absolute perfection. Humphrey Bogart (my favorite actor) and Ingrid Bergman make screen magic in this movie, Claude Rains is also superb. Filled with lots of now famous cliches; 'Here's looking at you  kid', 'This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship', 'We'll always have  Paris', 'Play it Sam, play As Time Goes By', etc. This is THE Hollywood  movie, probably the greatest screenplay ever written, filled with memorable  dialogue. Easily one of the greatest movies of all time, a MUST SEE. Winner  of the Best Picture Oscar, as well as Best Director and Screenplay. From a  scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 10! Masterpiece
B00003CWL6|5.0|By the end of American Beauty, I knew that in whatever evaluations I might  articulate about the film, this was one case where I can't pretend to have  any kind of objectivity.<br />The emotional impact of this film on me was so  great that I felt personally affected, a rarity when I watch a film these  days.  No character of any weight is neglected in this film, each with a  carefully considered arc and deep-welled needs and desires that make you  care.  Kevin Spacey as Lester Burnham brings to life the complex  psychosexual dilemmas of the character effortlessly, with his trademark  offbeat charisma and wit; Wes Bentley, with his penetrating stare and  sensitive characterization, brings a tenderness and nuance to the  oddball-kid-next-door role of Ricky Fitts; Thora Birch projects deep  maturity as Jane, clarifying every internal change her character goes  through as she starts becoming drawn to Ricky to leave her family behind;  Mena Suvari joins the ranks of Katie Holmes and Sarah Polley as a young  actress to watch for, injecting remarkably depth and absolute honesty to  the role of Angela; even an antagonist like Col. Fitts is filled by an  excellent portrayal in Chris Cooper's performance, a wrenching mix of  hardened hatreds and shattering vulnerability.  The only character that was  questionable to me was Annette Bening's, where I actually feel like  Carolyn's private moments (where we're supposed to be able to poke through  her mask) are also not believable.  However, given so many other moving  moments, points of delicious humour, and visually gorgeous cinematography,  I didn't really care.  And aesthetically this is a feast for the senses:  Conrad L. Hall's acclaimed cinematography both makes the actors and scenery  look good and help probe into the life within them, and Thomas Newman's  score is perfect, as light-fingered as director Sam Mendes' staging and  tone, as delicate as the performances, as witty and suggestive as Alan  Ball's multi-layered, richly evocative script, and as beautiful as the  visuals.<br />This film soared to the top of my best-of lists right after I  saw it, ranking alongside diverse favourites I've seen over the years  including GoodFellas, The Killer, Manon of the Spring, Fun, and Kagemusha:  The Shadow Warrior.  American Beauty is every bit their equal in terms of  visual sophistication, performances and craft, while surpassing them all in  its quest for emotional catharsis and engagement.ichly evocative script, and as beautiful as the  visuals.<br />This film soared to the top of my best-of lists right after I  saw it, ranking alongside diverse favourites I've seen over the years  including GoodFellas, The Killer, Manon of the Spring, Fun, and Kagemusha:   The Shadow Warrior.  American Beauty is every bit their equal in terms of  visual sophistication, performances and craft, while surpassing them all in  its quest for emotional catharsis and engagement.
0786915749|5.0|Normally a sci-fi reader, I read this book with great reluctance at my friend's insistance. How wrong I was! Even when my heart was set on this being a terrible book, the book quickly drew me in and lifted the pall from  my heart. I loved this book! It has the right amount of action and  character development that is so rarely achieved. I am now working on the  entire, 80 book series. I could rave more, but I have to leave for the  bookstore!
1573225517|5.0|It is a truly rare novel that is so compulsively readable that I can get through it in a single session, but Nick Hornby's High Fidelity is just that - and immediately found its way into my own all-time &quot;top  five&quot; favorite works.  Not just for the musically obsessed Q and NME  readers of single male persuasion (though obviously aimed at such - perhaps  why I loved it so much), I think this book can cut well across gender and  age lines.  Why? The charisma of Rob (the novel's central character) and  the unrelenting humor - who can't help laugh hysterically at such lines as:  &quot;This is the second Simply Red song on this tape. One's unforgivable.  Two's a war crime&quot; except perhaps the misguided Mick Hucknall devotees  among us?<br />I still have not seen the movie - because I think the charm of  Hornby's work lies in the inner monologue structure, which cannot be easily  translated to the screen - and also because I wouldn't want to spoil my  memories of this quite astonishingly good book.
0060196122|2.0|The premise of this novel seemed intriguing.  It promised to deal not so much with the events that would lead to Veronika's suicide, but rather the consequences.  And not the effect on her friends and family (as most novels  about the after effects of suicide are), but rather the effect her suicide  would have on HER.Not only that, by turning the death BY a person into a  slow, agonising death OF a person, Paul Coelho has created an utterly  involving and original idea.  Indeed would it not be the ruminating and  waiting that will haunt you to the end?  Meaning, if you knew that you were  to die in five days time, would it not a given that you would wonder and  regret?  Questions like &quot;Have I lived my life to the fullest, have I  done all I'd ever wanted to achieve, what more could I have contributed to  the world, etc?&quot;  These questions pertain to life: what has been  achieved and what could have been accomplished had one been given the  chance to live?  And so, because of this, &quot;Veronika Decides to  Die&quot; is not a story of death, but one of life.<br />And there was the  mistake, mostly on my part I guess.  This was a story of inspiration.  I  expected one of death; one which dealt with suicide and the anguish, regret  and horror.<br />Suicide is a very complicated issue, and seemed not to play a  big part in Veronika's story.  It (along with her impending, seemingly  inevitable death) acted merely as a catalyst towards her expected desire to  live and experience that which she had not before.  Paul Coelho could have  really pushed this issue, and come up with something very real and very  dark.  Instead, we are left with something very surreal.<br />The story also  feels disjointed, with the author introducing four or five (if you include  himself) characters to the story.  We are given backgrounds to each  character and told then how Veronika's desire for life in the face of  death, changes each of them.  By doing this, however, the readeris left  feeling dissatisfied, having just been introduced to these characters, but  learning little else about them.<br />Of course, Paul Coelho is too good a  story teller to write a false sounding tale and taking that into account, I  must admit it was extremely well written and the issues that WERE dealt  with were thoroughly argued and acted out with enough irony to leave the  reader smiling.  The issue of madness, for example, was dealt with superbly  and in light of that, perhaps the surreal feel of the story was  appropriate.<br />Therefore, this was a story about life, not death, and about  the madness of living life to the fullest.  The insanity behind doing what  you want, when you want, feeling however you wish to feel and loving with  no other desire than to love.  As opposed to conforming to what society  deems as &quot;normal&quot; behaviour.
B000001EUR|5.0|SCORPIONS &quot;LOVE AT FIRST STING&quot; IS THE ONE OF THE MOST PUNISHMENT ALBUM OF ALL TIME IN SCORPIONS HISTORY. &quot;LOVE AT FIRST STING&quot; IS 100% GUARANTEE WITH NO STRING ATTACHED SINCE SCORPIONS  &quot;IN TRANCE&quot;. &quot;ROCK YOU LIKE A HURRICANE&quot; IS ONE OF THE  DESTRUCTIVE TUNE OF ALL TIME. I HAVE THEM ALL EXCEPT &quot;TOKYO  TAPES&quot;. SEVEN SONGS OUT OF NINE SONGS ON &quot;LOVE AT FIRST  STING&quot; COULD BE DEADLY AS LETHAL WHEN SCORPION CAN STING YOU...
0694006300|5.0|If you love the book, you'll love the cassette.  I  have to say I've never heard a book cassette quite like it.  The music and games on the flip side of the story are entertaining for both me and my children.  I especially love the game where they mix up the words of the story and the child gets a  chance to insert the correct word.  Ingenious!  Have fun with this one, you  won't regret it.
B000006SGT|5.0|Granted, this is much more than a 'greatest hits' package, being everything they recorded wtih Mickie Most.  I still think it appeals to anyone who appreciates what the white English boys did to and with American  black R&amp;B.  Frankly, the Animals were a better, tighter R&amp;B band  with a much better vocalist than the Rolling Stones.  Alan Price was a  master on the organ and their rhythm section really cooked.  Valentine, the  guitarist, was the weakest link in the chain, but with Price's dazzling  organ work, Valentine's job was rhythm work and, for the most part, he held  that down adequately.<br />If you can appreciate 60s British R&amp;B, which  was really great, then you'll love this collection.   Oh, and the  remastering is great, too!
0380730405|5.0|Rebecca,by daphne du maurier is certainly a book that will never die, no mater how many times it is read it wil always have that same enchanting magic.It is it that kind of a book,that will always remain close to the  readers heart. The story is about maxim de winter,the owner of manderly,a  beautiful estate . After the death of his first wife, rebecca, maxim falls  in love with the author,and takes his shy bride to manderly again.it is  impossible to describe the magical feelings that the book creates.  &quot;she thought rebecca was alive in his heart,she thought that she still  reigned over manderly&quot; it is difficult to describe how rebecca  died.Can a dead woman reign over the living.But she did die. she had no  power for she was dead.Every reader kills rebecca at the end.Every reader  identifies with the author.The magical effect that the book creates however  will never die.......it will live forever,read the book to find out more.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This is Beautiful. I never tired of this movie. The scenery, acting, and overall mood of this story are so enchanting that you think your actually involved in this movie.  What was very interesting about the movie is the  obvious, The Horseman. They really made this horseman really interesting.  You will undoubtedly love how they emphasize the horses hoofsteps. All in  all, this movie is Tim Burton's best. If you are like me and love the dark  and mysterious you will put this movie at the top of your list. This movie  is like an eerie waavy poem. A poem that never loses it's mysteriousness.  There is also some really funny comedy. If you think that there is not one  fault in the movie due to this review your wrong. The one fault is that the  Hessian, when he is alive, has some kind of sharp fang-like teeth. However  his skull doesn't.<br />I have to admit this Tim Burton has outdone himself. I  would buy this masterpiece the first chance you get. The witch could have  been scarier and they didn't have to have her eyes pop out because that  just made it look kind of like a detailed cartoon. So don't pass this eerie  tale of loud horses, lots of blood and really really good settings. If i  had to rate this movie I'd give it a very well deserved 9/10,
B000021Y77|5.0|I saw the VHS version, which led me to Amazon to check for the existence of a DVD version.  This is a must own.  I can't wait for my copy to arrive.  Fast-paced, amazing soundtrack, beautiful, touching premise, this movie  had it all...
B0000256KE|5.0|If you listen to this album as a whole Roxy Music seems to take you on a bizarre journey, &quot;part false, part true like anything.&quot;  Bryan Ferry's lyrics shine bright as does the entire band's musicianship. A very  quirky, spacey, camp masterpiece.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I think it is grwat that Carlos Santana is giving other artisits a chance to jam with him.  He is a legend along with Eric Clapton, Joe Satriani, Steve Vai and others.  Carlos just wants to truly enjoy music. It is no  longer about making a buck! Loosen up people and do not judge this man and  the other artisits so harshly.
B000001OAA|5.0|hey this album rocks and I think everyone should have a copy,Some of the songs are simular but the classics are great anytime.
0375703764|1.0|Was this book trite or what?  Seems like every postmodern cliche was thrown in to gull the credulous reader into believing it's &quot;experimental,&quot; &quot;avante-garde,&quot; and  &quot;original.&quot; And, judging by many of the reviews below, it worked.   To compare this book to Nabokov, Pynchon, Borges, et al. is just plain  insulting - even if you set aside the question of originality for a second,  Danielewski isn't as good a stylist as any of the aforementioned.  In fact,  I found his writing style clumsy and amateurish, sophomoric.  Sometimes the  book seemed like the homework assignment of a &quot;clever&quot; creative  writing student who was stretching things out to meet a page requirement  (let's see ... I can get a couple more pages if I make the font really big  here ... a couple more if I narrow the margins ... a couple more if I put  only a few words on a page ... and a couple more if I compose a big long  list [by the way, folks, the list thing was stolen from Joyce (who did it  better), which makes that particular gimmick at least seventy-five years  old - so much for avante garde]).  And what's with the backwards text?   Does he really think I'm going to bother holding it up to a mirror to read  some boring list?  And don't think that everybody who didn't like this book  was some sort of Stephen King-reading prole.  The writers that Danielewski  is ripping off are some of my favorites, and I hate this book because he's  trying to get credit for imitating, badly, their innovations.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Unlike all the so called metal groups like corn, limp bizkwik and kid rap iron maiden has diliverd a powerfull record .This is  one of maiden most impressive and thought out cds thay have put out.A group of today would  spend years trying to come up with somthing as complex as this ,that shows  were todays music is at ,in a slump on mtvs top 40 count down.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I heard about Eminem and what I heard was sort of mixed. Some people like his hardcore rap while others aren't so sure. I wasn't knowing what to expect when I purchased the Marshall Mathers LP from Wherehouse Music. What  I heard, I liked. His music has just got a certain rythem to it that a lot  of people just can't refuse. Along with &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, he  has really dramatic songs such as &quot;Stan&quot;, and &quot;Kim&quot;.  Believe me, this CD is for mature people only, I wouldn't recommend you  giving this CD a 10 year old kid by far. All in all, buy this CD, it is  really worth it!
B00004SZWD|5.0|This is a terrific CD. I highly recommend it.
0141301155|5.0|My niece keeps asking me to read the story to her at bedtime!
B000031WD8|3.0|'American Pie' is one of those films that just click with you no matter  what. Constantly funny and surprsingly, sometimes, touching, for what we  are talking about here, it will suceed with the majority of it's audience.  Much more ambitously funny than last year's 'Something about Mary' this  film knows when to stop. Of course the film isn't great, but what to you  expect. Hopefully though there will be no more movies that follow in it's  pattern because Hollywood needs to know when enough is enough. 'Road Trip'  just came out and it was panned from the critics and audiences alike, so  see what I mean?
0060977493|5.0|I was swept off my feet by this book.  The author has a real gift for language.  The prose is so lyrical and imaginative.  The description is amazing.  It was her wonderful writing that really inspired me.  The plot  was good too, but it falls down a bit at the end.  I was expecting  something to happen, waiting for the final piece of the jigsaw to fall into  place, but unfortunately it never did.  Or maybe I just didn't want it to  end, in hopes that this magical story would just go on forever.
020161622X|5.0|This is, simply, a wonderful book.  It is a book that celebrates the real depth of great programming -- something that is too often forgotten or ignored.  This is not an idiot's guide to anything -- it is a remarkably  entertaining set of dozens of tips to becoming better at what you do,  especially if that happens to be programming.  <br />The tips are deceptively  simple at times, but only a truly naive or inexperienced reader would miss  the rich depth that their combination presents.  In fact, that is the real  beauty of this book -- it does not present some short-lived miracle-cure  approach -- instead, it weaves together small bits of wisdom and practical  advice into a powerful work-style.  <br />They have some controversial views  -- these authors are witty and opinionated -- but agreeing or disagreeing  with each individual idea is not the point -- &quot;seeing the forest&quot;  is.  <br />There are numerous specific code examples, but the book is a fun  and easy read -- strangely, I also think it would be a wonderful book for  someone who is NOT a programmer, but who works with them, perhaps a  business manager having a major system built.  Even skipping all the really  technical parts, it would be a wonderful set of benchmarks to assess how  good your programmers really are -- much more powerful than &quot;he has 3  years of C++, 2 years of Linux&quot;...<br />I am hoping this writing team  will follow this book with some specific guides as well, but this one is  destined to be a classic.  These guys really know what they are talking  about, and, as a wonderful bonus, they are terrific writers, as well!   <br />The book has gotten great reviews on slashdot, as well as a couple of  programming magazines, including Dr Dobbs and Software Development -- they  were well deserved.  Buy IT!
B00004T8RK|5.0|Let me first answer the critics and &quot;supposed&quot; fans of Pearl Jam by saying STOP LOOKING FOR ANOTHER TEN! ....It's not going to happen and if you keep comparing and expecting another, then you're not really a true  Pearl Jam fan to begin with. This album as with the others has the  evolution of the band stamped all over it. I like &quot;BreakerFall&quot;  and &quot;Evacuation&quot;, but feel that the real feel of the album comes  from songs like &quot;Light Years&quot;, &quot;Thin Air&quot;, &quot;Of the  Girl&quot;, Rival, and Grievance. The albums 2 best songs have to be  &quot;Insignificance&quot;, which if you &quot;listen to it&quot; end up  never wanting it to end, it seems to drive you. Then there is Sleight Of  Hand, which next to &quot;BLACK&quot;, could be their the best song to  date! ....If you love Pearl Jam, buy this album, you'll fall in love with  it instantly. If you are a &quot;poser&quot; looking for another Ten, then  go buy another copy of it! <br />A &quot;Ten&quot; in my book!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Upon listening to the limp bixkit sophmore title, i would call it one word: AMAZING!  from the intro to the bonus tracks, you'll be stuck!
0800129806|4.0|First Knight is a interesting retelling of the classic Aurthorian legends without any magic.  Almost all the actors especially Connery do excellent jobs in their roles and the films high production values help bring Camelot  alive. Richard Gear is bad choice for Lancelot but doesn't detract from the  films overall presentation.  The only downside to the film is the corny  love story between Lancelot and Guinivere.
B00000K0EA|2.0|Look everyone!  A new hero - Jane Bond!  See her kick!  See her punch!  See her save the world!  I just wish they would get rid of that dolt who keeps popping up everywhere.  <br />This is the first Bond movie where Bond's  presence is irrelevant.  It's Michelle (Jane Bond) Yeoh who saves the world  here.  Bond comes across looking like some blumbling amateur.  Barbara  Bach's female character in The Spy Who Loved Me complimented Bond well.   But she didn't take over the movie.  Michelle Yeoh's character does.<br />As a  long time Bond fan, I watch Bond movies for escapism and nothing else.  I  have enjoyed putting my brain on hold for a few hours and just watching our  hero save the day in his own non-PC style.  Our hero isn't here, however.   The whole point of a Bond movie is JAMES BOND is the hero.  Not in this  movie.<br />If Barbara Broccoli &amp; Michael Wilson want to create a new  series about a kick-a**ing female secret agent that saves the world,  they're well on their way.  And I'll be happily waiting in line to see it.   I'd be happy to see more female action/adventure stars.<br />I just don't want  them in James Bond movies.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album was so tight I would not stop listining to it! Every track is exellent, exept Kim which was so disturding It is hard to talk about it. In Stan Slim showed emotion making this song very sad. Tracks  2,3,4,5,7,8,12,18 and the rest I can't think of now but I know there great!
B00004SCX6|5.0|When Britney Spears first came out I didn't like her. She was too bubblegummy, and although I like pop, bubblegum is...differant. Plus her image was annoying...she kept on trying to come off as grown up and her  publisists kept trying to give her this sweet little girl image. Now all  that seems much more clear, exspeically since shes a bit too old to want to  be grown up, and her publisists would look like idiots if they tried to  dress an 18-year-old in a jean skort and white tank top--right out of the  Kid's Gap. Plus she looks more grown up and sure of herself, and I think  now people who said she was annoying for such and such reason have nothing  against her except maybe they don't like pop or something. But the  bottomline is shes cleaned up her act and this album shows it.
6302902010|3.0|In checking the info on P&amp;B, I noticed that it will be coming out soon on DVD only.  Why is it not coming out on VHS?  I have been wanting this film for many years and did not know why it was never in print.  I figured  it had something to do with the estate...guess I was right, according to  another reviewer's info.  I never saw the whole movie; I believe I saw part  of it on TV many years ago before it was pulled.  Would really like to see  it out again; I guess there is no soundtrack, either, for the same reason.   I do have a cassette of the operatic version.
B00003CX5A|5.0|A brilliant masterpiece rebuilt again by Master of arts Tim Burton... At first I saw the reviews and thought of it as a normal horror like the rest, but nothing is true about it. Great costumes, great scenery and great  decapitations. The atmosphere in the movie makes you suspect everything and  everyone in the movie. And No one else could have played Ichabod Crane  better than Jhonny depp. The same goes for Cristopher Lee, who is about the  most wanted horror badguy.  All in All : A must see for everyone who is  fond of some good old horror movies.
B00004T8RK|5.0|As I said above only one word can describe this CD and that word is &quot;SASSY&quot;.  Yep this CD has a powerful and spirited sound to it.  You can tell they had fun making it.  It's positively SASSY!  Check out  &quot;of the Girl&quot; and Breakerface.  Positively SASSY!   Give it a  listen and I'm sure you'll agree with me!
B00003CX5A|5.0|This Is A Great Film!<br />Johnny Depp as usual plays a unusual role in this movie and did a Great Job. This Movie gives you a dash of everything Gorr, Horror, Laghter, Romance. I think this is one of the best movies i have  seen in a long time and urg every one to see it.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Quite simply this CD could be the begining of the end for Brittany Spears, and honestly it is not all her fault. Musical content and depth is seriously lacking both in lyric and melodic texture. In my opinion, the  &quot;Oops!&quot; track is a watered down attempt at selling to 13 year old  girls and their adolescent concerns. The melody is a thrown together jumble  perhaps to quickly get her next dollar$$-What a shame that music has come  to this! Usually a well written melody reaches out and grabs you; this one  doesn't! It has been crammed down our throats by agents, producers and  retailers. What choice do we have then but to hear it in our heads?       Brittany could have shown her vocal talent on this CD, but it is garbled  and masked with over production techniques that must have cost a fortune.  Let's hear the &quot;real&quot; Brittany voice next time, and does the late  90's nasal sound have to come with it?      The remake of  &quot;Satisfaction&quot; was probably a smart move-How can you go wrong  with The Stones? It looks like Brittany's promoters gave her fans more of  the music they craved on her first. If you enjoyed it, be prepared to hear  the whole thing over again-&quot;Sorry Brittany&quot;
6304474652|5.0|I Love this Movie!  With all honesty i can say that this is my favourite movie! I own it and watch it all that time!<br />Mathew Perry is halarious in this movie. Him and  Salma Hayek get along great. Mathew is as usual his  charming and witty self witch you are bound to love. I think this movie is  way better than anyone gives it credit for. I stongly recomend this movie  if you like Mathew Perry or in need of a Good Laugh
B00000IH7P|4.0|Too bad you have to buy an expensive import to get all their hits on one disc, but despite the price it's a real good cd.  I'm not quite sure why they don't release this in the US.  The other hits cd's don't include a lot  their well-known songs!
0375501851|4.0|Zadie Smith's remarkable first novel, White Teeth, deserves all the praise and attention it's gotten since its publication earlier this year.  This big, rich multicultural cacophony of a novel is a modern comic masterpiece  that brilliantly captures the mixture and conflict of races, ethnicities,  cultures, and beliefs in London at the millenium. Moreover, unlike other  British writers who sometimes seem condescending and unabashedly full of  themselves (Martin Amis and Salman Rushdie immediately come to mind), Zadie  Smith's writing is full of good humor and prescient insight into the value  of even the most disparate life experiences.  Smith anchors her story  around the unlikely friendship of an easy-going, seemingly unflappable  working-class Englishman, Archibald Jones, and a deep-thinking, serious  Bengali Muslim waiter, Samad Iqbal.  The two first meet inside a tank in  the waning days of World War II.  They then reunite thirty years later in  North London, two unsuccessful middle aged men living out their lives in  O'Connell's Poolroom, &quot;an Irish poolroom run by Arabs with no pool  tables.&quot;  But while the stories of Archie and Samad anchor the  narrative, their relationship is only a small part of this  hilarious and  deeply insightful novel.  Zadie Smith, in reviewing her own novel in the  British publication Butterfly, described White Teeth as &quot;the literary  equivalent of a hyperactive, ginger-haired tap-dancing ten-year-old.&quot;   The amazing thing is that her description is accurate, for we get not  merely the story of the unlikely pair of Archie and Samad, but also many  other amusing and intersecting stories, all of them driven by the clash of  culture, belief, race, traditon, lineage, and science which forms the  turmoil which marks London, and all of the Western world's major cities, at  the millenium.  We get the story of Archie's young Jamaican  wife, Clara,  and of Clara's mother, Hortense, a devout and rapturous Jehovah's Witness.   We get the story of Samad's turbulent relationship with his wife, Alsana,  as well as Samad's struggle to raise his two twin sons, Millat and Magid,  in the face of a materialist culture that pervades and undermines  traditionalism of all kinds. We get the story of Marcus and Joyce Chalfen,  one a geneticist and the other a  pop horticulturist, and their son, Josh.  The Chalfens are unstintingly secular, scientific and self-centered  celebrants of their own ideology of &quot;Chalfenism&quot;. Finally, we get  the story of Irie, the awkward daughter of Archie and Clara, who winds  through the novel, its characters and situations, searching for an identity  in the tangled history of her Jamaican past and the crowded cultural stew  of her North London present. In Smith's words, capturing the essence of her  novel in a couple of sentences: &quot;It is only this late in the day that  you can walk into a playground and find Isaac Leung by the fish pond, Danny  Rahman in the football cage, Quang O'Rourke bouncing a basketball and Irie  Jones humming a tune.  Children with first and last names on a direct  collision course.&quot;  Believe everything you've read and heard about  this novel because it's true: this is the best first novel to be published  in a long time!
B000001E18|5.0|This U2 album is one of their most underrated. A must have for any genuine U2 fan. It is a most diversified album.
0375501851|4.0|Zadie Smith's remarkable first novel, White Teeth, deserves all the praise and attention it's gotten since its publication earlier this year.  This big, rich multicultural cacophony of a novel is a modern comic masterpiece  that brilliantly captures the mixture and conflict of races, ethnicities,  cultures, and beliefs in London at the millenium. Moreover, unlike other  British writers who sometimes seem condescending and unabashedly full of  themselves (Martin Amis and Salman Rushdie immediately come to mind), Zadie  Smith's writing is full of good humor and prescient insight into the value  of even the most disparate life experiences.  Smith anchors her story  around the unlikely friendship of an easy-going, seemingly unflappable  working-class Englishman, Archibald Jones, and a deep-thinking, serious  Bengali Muslim waiter, Samad Iqbal.  The two first meet inside a tank in  the waning days of World War II.  They then reunite thirty years later in  North London, two unsuccessful middle aged men living out their lives in  O'Connell's Poolroom, &quot;an Irish poolroom run by Arabs with no pool  tables.&quot;  But while the stories of Archie and Samad anchor the  narrative, their relationship is only a small part of this  hilarious and  deeply insightful novel.  Zadie Smith, in reviewing her own novel in the  British publication Butterfly, described White Teeth as &quot;the literary  equivalent of a hyperactive, ginger-haired tap-dancing ten-year-old.&quot;   The amazing thing is that her description is accurate, for we get not  merely the story of the unlikely pair of Archie and Samad, but also many  other amusing and intersecting stories, all of them driven by the clash of  culture, belief, race, traditon, lineage, and science which forms the  turmoil which marks London, and all of the Western world's major cities, at  the millenium.  We get the story of Archie's young Jamaican  wife, Clara,  and of Clara's mother, Hortense, a devout and rapturous Jehovah's Witness.   We get the story of Samad's turbulent relationship with his wife, Alsana,  as well as Samad's struggle to raise his two twin sons, Millat and Magid,  in the face of a materialist culture that pervades and undermines  traditionalism of all kinds. We get the story of Marcus and Joyce Chalfen,  one a geneticist and the other a  pop horticulturist, and their son, Josh.  The Chalfens are unstintingly secular, scientific and self-centered  celebrants of their own ideology of &quot;Chalfenism&quot;. Finally, we get  the story of Irie, the awkward daughter of Archie and Clara, who winds  through the novel, its characters and situations, searching for an identity  in the tangled history of her Jamaican past and the crowded cultural stew  of her North London present. In Smith's words, capturing the essence of her  novel in a couple of sentences: &quot;It is only this late in the day that  you can walk into a playground and find Isaac Leung by the fish pond, Danny  Rahman in the football cage, Quang O'Rourke bouncing a basketball and Irie  Jones humming a tune.  Children with first and last names on a direct  collision course.&quot;  Believe everything you've read and heard about  this novel because it's true: this is the best first novel to be published  in a long time!
B000031XCR|1.0|After listening to this strange album, I began to wonder whether Celine actually has a hit song of hers. Most of the famous Celine songs are from movie soundtrack, not from her album. (Of course, they are in the album,  but they don't belong there actually!) Other tracks... Were they a hit  song?  I don't think so. Anyway this album is a very boring, dumb  &quot;David Foster&quot; album. NOT Celine Dion album.
0385486804|3.0|The book began as an article in Outdoor Magazine and Krakauer expanded the tight-deadline article into this work.  It is well-written, often moving, and fascinating as it veers into Krakauer's own solo climbing in Alaska.   For all Krakauer's efforts, however, Chris McCandless remains just as  elusive in death as he was in life.  Simply put, maybe he just didn't leave  enough clues or enough witnesses in his two year hegira which ended in the  abandoned bus in Alaska.  Krakauer's done his research, the tales of others  similar to McCandless are fascinating, and as a parent of similar aged kids  this is a painful read for their loss.  Still, I finally conclude that the  book does not add a great deal to the barren eloquence of the Outdoor  article based on McCandless' own small diary kept as his fate closed in on  him.
B000002J2B|4.0|It's the last really Genesis studio album. Not good as the other album without Gabriel, &quot;A trick of the tail&quot;, but still very good. And then they were three... and the music and sound of Genesis were no more the  same. Just the name of the band remained. But &quot;Wind &amp;  Wuthering&quot; is really good, songs as &quot;Blood on the rooftops&quot;,  &quot;The eleventh Earl of Mar&quot; or &quot;Your own special way&quot;  are really great. The presence of Steve Hackett is fundamental. What came  after this album it's not worth talking about (except the live album  &quot;Seconds out&quot;). But this is still a Genesis album and it's really  good.
6305842418|4.0|When i saw this at the movies, I thought it had one of the coolest opening  scenes i'd seen, and the effects throughout the movie were great. After  seeing the movie a few times, the ooOO's and ahhh's have worn off, and I  really notice how cheesy the acting in this movie is. I still think that  the movie is half decent because of the special effects.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Yes, Maiden is back. Get this CD, grab a six pack and rejoice! UP THE IRONS!
B00004SE2Y|5.0|Britney Spears new album, &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; was recently released worldwide. The U.S. edition had 12 songs, the UK had 13, and Japenese and Austrailian versions had 15! But are the three tracks worth  it? I'll review them for you-<br />Girl In The Mirror- (5/5) A very sad, soul-  searching song about Britney not truly being in touch with herself. Very  good!<br />Heart- (5/5) Another great track! Also sad, but it has a more  uplifting message. It reminds me of &quot;From The Bottom of My Broken  Heart.&quot;<br />You've Got It All- (4/5) A good song, but it was recorded in  1997. Why is it on her new cd?  It really doesn't go with the rest of the  album. Resembles &quot;I Will Be There.&quot;<br />Seeing that I gave all the  other tracks (with the exception of &quot;Dear Diary&quot;) a 5/5, this  album is a must buy! Two 4's, and thirteen 5's? The best cd I've heard for  a long time!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|PERFECTION. This is the first word that comes into my mind every time i listen to this masterpiece. Everyone up to the release of this album either considered Maiden to be a thing of the past or dead. But here they come to  prove everyone wrong.     Bruce performs like he did in his previous solo  records (Accident of birth, Chemical wedding etc) Murray, smith and gers  sound amazing together, haris brilliant as ever and finally after the  seventh son Mcbrain demonstrates his talent.    All the songs are so  powerfull that makes it really hard to pick up a favorite one. Ghost of the  navigator, fallen angel, the nomad and out of the silent planet are  definately some of the best ever written my the band while the thin line  between love &amp; hate is something they haven't done before with amazing  vocals and a vast number of guitars in the end of the song (like savatage  do sometimes).   Fan or not of Iron Maiden don't miss this one. Up The  Irons....
B00003CWL5|5.0|This movie was my favorite movie along with Braveheart.  The piano theme that played through the movie was very haunting and set the mood for the film very well.  Kevin spacey didn't just get an oscar he earned it.  The  way the theme of lost youth was shown very well but i'm not the person to  be saying what kind of literary themes it had.  If there is somebody that  has broken down the movie and understood the themes please email me.  I  thought one of the most huanting but one of the best parts of the film was  the flying bag, if you haven't watched then you wouldn't know what i'm  talking about.  It was said in another review that that only reason that  certain people didn't like it was because it hit too close to home.  You  won't like it if you don't watch it with open mind as said by an other  reviewer but it isn't going to do you any good reading these reviews and  not going out and actually watching it so rent it today!
0140177396|5.0|I think this book was very short and sweet.  The relationship between the two characters was very unique and I really enjoyed reading about them.  This book was a very short book, and easy to read.  I recommend this to  everyone.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I just wanted to say this album is WAY better than her first one!  My fave songs are &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot;
6305252521|3.0|The premise of this film sounded very intriguing, and on the whole the script was well done.  Unfortunately, the wrong actor was cast for the lead character.  Jim Carrey's Truman lacked the sincerity and earnestness that  the character required and that Matthew Broderick, for example, could have  brought to the role.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This CD puts Maiden back on top.  Not only are the songs better than Factor X and Virutal XI, but it sounds better.  The recording sounds more like the older records, not just bass and drums.  Bruce sounds as good as  he does on his solo records.  I hope they stay together for a few more.   Any Maiden fan will love this CD.  Welcome home.
0679601910|5.0|Jane Austen has been one of the most influential writers of all time. Her beautiful love stories will always be remembered. Her work was ahead of its time, which is why a lot of today's writers emulate her style. My favorite  Austen novel is Persuasion.<br />After the heroine, Anne Elliot, was talked  into leaving the man she loved, an attractive and financially challenge man  named Frederick Wentworth, she felt she couldn't possibly marry a poor man.  Eight years later, however, Wentworth returned to his homeland with a  fortune and a place in society. It is obvious that those were the times in  which social status was the most important thing, not love. Jane Austen had  created a beautiful story that people can still relate to. The characters  are beautiful and the story is memorable. I have read Pride and Prejudice  and Emma, but in my opinion, Persuasion is her best work.<br />This is a  beautiful piece of literature, and if you haven't read it, I suggest that  you do.
6303997198|5.0|Perhaps it is because I am currently going through a slightly similar scenario, but I always find this film utterly beautiful. Well acted with the exception of the &quot;present day actors&quot; who are wooden and  forced. It never fails to bring me to tears. There are many among us who  haven't experienced a love like the one depicted here, so it is not at all  surprising to me that some find this film &quot;slow&quot;. Maybe these  viewers need to experience a bit more in their lives, then come back and  write a review. It is a truly touching and deeply moving film.
0151003084|5.0|... and the good Lord Gorey shall be greatly missed. I'll read this to my children (if I ever have any), and see what they grow up to be like, heheh.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I don't know what it is. Is it the new producer that brought the old fire back? Is it Adrian and Bruce rejoining the group? Whatever it is, I have not been this pleased about an Iron Maiden album since Seventh son of a  seventh son. At the same time they are rocking hard they are keeping it  smooth. Bruce is using his amazing voice to it's fullest. In every Maiden  album (Except Seventh son) you have at least one filler song. A b-side song  that got lucky. On this album I can not find one. Whether you are an old  fan like myself or a younger fan looking for new music you will not be let  down. Buy this CD. It doesn't get any better than this.
1577311523|5.0|In the past 25 years I have read spiritual books ranging from the works of Gurdjieff and his followers to the discourses and satsangs with Maharaj, Poonjaji, and Gangaji. These have helped me and probably thousands of other  seekers. They were the best written accounts available to all of us on the  Path who refused to swallow the sugar pills of superficial knowledge of  spirituality and enlightenment offered by many.  NOW comes Eckhart Tolle  with an unbelievably clear, powerful and succinct account of how and why  our mind-based ego consciousness runs us, robs us of our birthright as  humans, and why our society, at every turn, supports this process. His  message is exquisitely eloquent and direct: Learn, through endless practice  (unbending intent as Don Juan would say) to observe your mind without  judgement. See where this leads you again and again as your sense of who  you are escapes psychological time and the vastness, wholeness, and beauty  of Creation opens before you.  I have read only the first 50 pages and  already I know that it will be THE ONE BOOK that goes with me everywhere as  I read and reread it until it is part of me.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Britney has to be one of the most talented singers. I really enjoyed this CD but found the Satisfaction remake not as good as expected. The highlights of the Cd are Britney's lyrics which have grown more mature and  understanding than her first. I think that the cover art is cool too but I  loved the bubble gum image in the first one. Of course, the Lolita themes  are still rather evident.<br />The best song I believe are the love ballads.  However, my only complaint is that the first single Oops sounds like Baby  single. email if you think that the production is the same...
B00004T9VY|5.0|This is one of the best albums that I have ever heard.  It is hard to put together Cat Stevens in one category, is he rock and roll? Or is he folk music?  It dosent matter because all of his albums are so good, and Tea for  the Tillerman in my opinion is the very best. &quot;Father and Son&quot;  &quot;Sad Lisa&quot; &quot;Longer Boats&quot; &quot;Wild World&quot; and  every song on this album are outstanding.  This is one of the early 1970's  greatest albums and its easy to know why after you listen to this.  Highly  recommended!
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is so much better than the first one.  All the songs are so catchy.  There is not one bad song on it, unlike baby one more time (soda pop, e-mail my heart).  Everyone go out and buy this CD now!
0140277447|3.0|The book `Tara Road', was an enjoyable book, but somewhatdrawn out. It's a tale of a woman's life, Ria, her happy timesand hard times. Ria and her husband Danny, go from growing up poor to living in a mansion, on Tara Road. Ria's friends, Rosemary, who isn't at all what she seems, her friend Gertei who is married to a drunk, and many others whom she encounters in her life. It's about her life, her everyday life. Having children, trying to raise them right. It talks not only for her life, but the problems of her friends and family around her. She lives a fairy tale life; she seems to have everything and anything she could ever want. Many people envied her. Yet her `perfect' life comes crashing down around her when she finds out her husband is leaving her! For a while she doesn't believe it! But she sorts herself out when she switches houses with a random person.  The book, I liked, I enjoyed reading it. But it was very drawn out; it seemed to take forever to get to the end of the book. Then when you finally got to the end of the book it ended really abruptly!  It left you hanging. You get used to reading all the detail then the book suddenly ends! But the book was very down to earth. It was mostly realistic. I like the way the characters were introduced into the story. They were slowly introduced, not all in the beginning they're for you to figure out who they are. I enjoyed many of the characters, especially Annie. She being more my age, seemed faced with many of the same problems in life. The book was easy to read, but it didn't really flow, it kept jumping for character to character, and scene to scene. But it was a calm tone; definitely not an action packed book.  The book was informing, it not only told a story but let you in on a culture of a different country. It told about Ireland, yet it was compared to the US when Ria and Marylin talked about each other's homes and lives they left behind. It showed that many of the things are the same in both countries. Everyone has their family problems, and just problems that come with life. In this book though it centers on two problems, the one in Rias life and the one in Maylins life. Ria trying to deal with divorce and Marylin, trying to face her secret. It explains many of the emotions that we feel, when going through a hardship. It shows a way of dealing problems, to find a friend. You can learn a lot from this book. Such as some people are not what they seem, and like animals I think you can never fully trust anyone. Yet there is probably someone out there for everyone, which you can fully confide in. But as this book shows you can't be to quick to judge people you think you know.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This is one album you shouldn't play around your parents. That being said, read on...<br />On this new album, 26 year-old Marshall Mathers demonstrates the same talent that the Notorious B.I.G. was able to showcase on  &quot;Ready To Die&quot; - that is, convincingly play multiple characters  through his rap voice a la &quot;Gimme The Loot&quot; or  &quot;Warning&quot;. Eminem does this best on two tracks: &quot;Stan&quot;  a fatal tale about an obsessed fan and &quot;Kim&quot;, the psychotic  'rock' musical prequel to &quot;97 Bonnie &amp; Clyde&quot;. New age singer  Dido (check her out) sings the hook on &quot;Stan&quot;, and her voice has  a haunting effect that will have you hitting repeat over and over again  (trust me).  BUT, there are others. Yes, &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;  is a cool song...but isn't it a little old since it's EVERYWHERE? But on  the other hand, &quot;Kill You&quot; (pardon the title) is tight cuz you  know he means it (the emotion, not the crime!) and &quot;Who Knew&quot;  will probably make the radio because it's still 'Slim Shady' in lyrical  content and it makes you wanna dance. (Turn your party out on this one  people...)<br />The other bangers (in my opinion) are &quot;B. Please Part  II&quot; , &quot;The Way I Am&quot; (kinda has a 2Pac feel to it) and  &quot;Remember Me&quot; with tight cameos from Sticky Fingas and RBX (from  the original Chronic). I LOVE THIS SONG!<br />All eyez were on Eminem for  'The Marshall Mathers LP' because he had a tough act to follow after the  first album. He also had a wide cross-section of fans to please, which made  pleasing the record buying public more difficult. ... I find this to be  a good album cuz you can't deny talent, and Eminem has got it.
0783235968|5.0|What a great movie this is!  It truely captures the spirit of Baseball and the pure love of the game.  Kevin Costner, Amy Madigan, Ray Liotta, James Earl-Jones and Burt Lancaster are all fantastic in this movie. Costner  portrays the &quot;everyman&quot; in America, just trying to do his best  for his family, and then the immortal words are spoken &quot;IF YOU BUILD  IT..HE WILL COME!&quot;  After that, a magical journey of nostalgia,  appreciation of others and love of the game are woven superbly into the  plot.  Amy Madigan portrays Costner's wife, and she is the type of woman in  the movie that any man would be considered lucky to have by his side.  Ray  Liotta as the immortal &quot;Shoeless&quot; Joe Jackson does the real  Jackson justice, and James Earl-Jones is a man running from his past, yet  it is his knowledge  of human character that makes him unique.  Burt  Lancaster adds wonderfully in the film as just a great guy who finally gets  to live out his dream. The location in Iowa is beautiful, and the ballpark  in the cornfield makes you want to drop what you are doing and go there to  catch a game. After I saw this movie I became an instant Baseball fanatic  and thanks to &quot;Field Of Dreams&quot; I now know so much about the  early New York Yankees,  The Brooklyn Dodgers, The Boston Braves and many  other &quot;old style&quot; games.  I enjoy going to baseball games and  catch them from the Little League to Major League Baseball.  All of this  due to &quot;Field Of Dreams&quot;.  Pick the movie up today and watch it,  and you will truely catch &quot;BaseBall Fever!&quot;
0061092037|4.0|If you have been through a Jeffrey Archer novel before, you could call this novel &quot;classic Jeffrey Archer&quot;. This is a story of a conflict, in the sense, of the two main characters of the story. The  emphasis of the narration is on their life and their &quot;love&quot; for  success. The author maintains the pace of the story in a clever way. The  reader is never allowed to form an opinion about any one of the characters  until it is fairly clear whom the author sides with. The characters are  sometimes unrealistic and farfetched and you rarely do identify with  majority of their feelings, but having said that, this isn't an  &quot;intellectual&quot; story about which you ponder after reading it. It  is good to read with some coffee on a dull rainy Sunday.<br />About the story.  Keith Townsend is born into a well to do family in Australia, while Lubji  Hoch is born into a poor Jewish family. Even as children, both know what  they want from life eventually, and train themselves in their own but  different worlds to realize their ends. At some point in the story they are  pitted against each other.  From here on they try to outdo each other and  in doing so cross every possible limit and boundary. In the gripping climax  both are on the verge of bankruptcy, who will hold his nerve, who is the  better of the two...
0767903811|5.0|If you've never read a book by Bill Bryson then you have surely missed one of the great literary treats. His writing has a personality about it that many authors of humour columns find hard to capture. As you read each  chapter (they are taken from a column he wrote to Britans The Sunday Mail  newspaper) on some different percularity of American life, you can picture  Bryson, sitting in his living room in New Hampshire, recalling the  anecdotes with a twinkle in his eye. This book is great. Bryson covers  almost every aspect of modern American living, from cable TV to customer  appreciation day, in a dry, witful way that leaves you begging for more.  Buy this book.
0679805273|5.0|this book is not a book only meant for children. it's themes can be related to by graduates of high school and college. if looking for something different, and you're wondering what to buy that recent grad, dr. seuss' &quot;oh the places you'll go&quot; will put a smile on anyone's  face, especially if you also stick twenty dollars inside.
6305754950|4.0|Though a minority opinion, Howard Hawks' &#34;El Dorado&#34; (1966) is a superior reworking of the director's overrated &#34;Rio Bravo.&#34; Along with the iconic presence of John Wayne, the tradeoffs are better: instead of Dean Martin's drunken deputy, you get  Robert Mitchum's memorable comic performance; instead of  Ricky Nelson singing an occasional song, there is James Caan's breakthrough  performance as Mississippi; and Arthur Hunnicutt's comic relief is more palatable than Walter Brennan's obnoxious imitation of Gabby Hayes. &#34;El Dorado&#34; is a tighter, better-scripted film  running  only 127 minutes. By comparison, &#34;Rio Bravo&#34; goes on forever with its leisurely 2-hour length. Hawks aficionados may disagree, but &#34;El Dorado&#34; improves upon the obvious weaknesses of &#34;Rio Bravo.&#34; Judge for yourself.
B00003CXB2|5.0|This movie is awesomely super.  It should be on DVD though, but since its  not yet, watch on tape.  I've had the pleasure of seeing it on the big  screen, but video is where I first fell in love with it.  It is not boring,  if you can pay attention to the lovely detail and great everything in this  movie.  Watch it NOW!!!
B000005E3K|4.0|William Christie and Les Arts Florissants have put together a powerful recording of Mozart's Requiem. All the debates surrounding its composition and history notwithstanding, this is beautiful music. The opening in the  Introitus is crystal-bright and spaciously stunning. Christie creates a  beautiful vocal ebb and flow throughout the whole disc. The orchestra moves  hand in glove with the vocalists. The brass is wonderfully forceful yet not  overbearing in the Dies Irae. The beautiful singing on the Recordare alone  makes this CD well worth the price. The recording quality makes this a  53:39 program irresistible. I recommend this CD.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This movie is so great I can't even stand the fact that I'm typing instead of watching it.  There is never a dull moment and the ending is quite a treat, since you would be 100% satisfied if it ended after the planet blows  up!  Aliens leaves Alien in the dust, not to say the original wasn't great,  because it was, but Aliens did what a sequel should do: Keep the flavor of  the original, but add some new spices.  I don't know if that made sense.   The extra footage on the DVD is not just to make it longer, it makes it  better.  By learning that Ripley had a daughter, the relationship between  her and Newt is much stronger.  I love it so much, and if you don't, you  are a bad person.
B00004R997|4.0|As a product of wartime material, this 'package' film (a number of bits and bobs) was not an ideal format for Disney artists, but it was a way of putting together a feature-length release at a time when wartime shortages  and economic pressures made true features impractical. Although made after  the war, this is a Disney money-saving effort of that time which is much  lesser now. In all honesty it's ironic that something which was once money  saving has been turned around by the very same company to become  money-making! HOWEVER, I love Disney and would say that those interested in  the progression of Disney material would benefit. It wouldn't make a great  long-term entertainer for children though.
B00000ILDF|3.0|The movie has its problems.  Such as making only one alien after having thousands.  Then having two characters die before the movie starts.  However there were some funny moments as well as dark ones.  The end is  quite fun and its not completely bad but nowhere near the first two.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|...Well, I'm not sure, but Brave new World is quite simply far better than  anyone could have expected.  Initially, I wasn't too sure about Bruce  coming back into a band he left under such a black cloud.  After all, Steve   Harris said he'd never work with him again!  Both THE X FACTOR and VIRTUAL   XI were very good albums and far more impressive that Bruce's last two   albums with the band, and I still think Blaze Bayley gave Maiden a new   versatility that produced some great songs (Sign Of The Cross, Man On The   Edge, The Clansman, etc etc).<br />With BRAVE NEW WORLD though, any worries I   had were immediately put to rest upon my first listen. This is quite simply   too impressive for words, and proves that after all these years Steve   Harris is right when he says that Maiden never have stood still, and that   each album does progress from the last.  <br />Thankfully, the maturity of the   incredibly &quot;dark&quot; THE X FACTOR album is still prominent, and it   seems to me that Harris and co just get better with age!  Stand out tracks   would have to be the catchy single THE WICKER MAN, the sprawling GHOST OF   THE NAVIGATOR, Harris' wonderful BLOOD BROTHERS, THE MERCENARY, THE NOMAD   (which boasts some of the best guitar work Maiden have ever produced), and   THE THIN LINE BETWEEN LOVE AND HATE (with Bruce at his powerful   best).<br />All the tracks have something though, and the fact that there   isn't one lacklustre track, is quite some feat.  <br />So, an astounding album   indeed, and along with THE X FACTOR is quite possibly the best Maiden  album  since SEVENTH SON.  Go get!
0312853238|5.0|I need to say, this book was absolutely enthralling... I read the first couple pages one day... then, a couple of weeks later, I sat down and read the rest of it in one sitting. The characters are amazingly complex, the  mystery and psuedo-Machiavellian scheming are astounding, the depth of  emotion conveyed is moving, and the ending satisfies in a way that is  simply astounding (ever think how hard it would be to end a story in a  plausible manner, as an author?). Definately one of my favorite books,  certainly one that everyone should read... especialy for the gifted child  (the introduction, in the printing that /has/ an introduction, is  wonderful, despite how much Card didn't want to write one). Simply put,  Read This Book.<br />Oh, and a note to the reviewer who complained about the  bad physics the book contains... first of all, I have to say that, seeing  how the book is science fiction, it involves science, and fiction. It's not  /supposed/ to be totaly realistic, if it were totaly realistic, it'd be  real life. Secondly, people have always thought we knew everything there  was to know... near the beginning of the 20th century (don't feel like  looking up the exact date), the head of the U.S. Patent Beurau said that  everything that ever could be invented already had been... sitting in front  of my computer, typing this, I get the feeling he was wrong... Einstein's  General Relativity wasn't exactly considered as plausible by most of the  scientific community... most of the scientists of the time went to the  grave insisting he was out of his mind... of course, I'm not saying that  Ender's Game is real... I don't think we can just break the laws of  physics, but the fact is, what we think are the laws of physics are  probably not the real deal. Sorry if I seemed like I was ranting... I've  got to go find a copy of Speaker for the Dead now... Bye!
0838577016|4.0|The University of Pittsburgh Neuroscience department uses this book as one of it's main textbooks. It is an interesting book, and one that I've used for years. This edition is in keeping with the other editions of the book,  meaning, it is just as disorganized by chapters and topics as it always  was. Even though many of the individual chapters are well-written and  interesting, I get the feeling the whole thing was thrown together as fast  as they could get it out. Many times when I am looking up information, I  can't even go to a specific chapter and be sure I'll find it there...I have  to use the index in the back of the book. That is okay, but it is  time-consuming and I think that students and educators would be better  served if the book were more carefully organized. It should be remembered  that writing a book for Neuroscience is difficult at best, because the  information changes at least every three months...so by the time a textbook  gets to print, some of what they have said is already out of date. Karen  Sadler, Science Education, University of Pittsburgh, klsst23@pitt.edu
B00004T9UF|5.0|First of all, let me say this: If you take lyrics seriously, this cd is NOT for you.  Although Eminem's newest CD contains a lot of violent, hateful, profane lyrics, it's all in good fun. If you can listen to a song  without thinking every word coming out of the artists mouth is true and  serious, then check out the cd as soon as possible.  Its got some mad  beats, some great (and hilarious) lyrics, and even has its emotional parts.   Eminem tells you about his real life, about his family, and how people  didn't care about him before, but now that he's famous, all of a sudden  everyone loves him again.  Some songs have funny, light-hearted lyrics,  while others have a sincere, emotional message.  Check out the CD, and try  not to critisize every little thing Eminem does or says.  Just let the man  express himself!
0446310786|5.0|One of the best things about To Kill A Mockingbird is that is excellent without trying to be. Lee's writing is totally unpretentious and straightforward, yet vivid and poignant. I also liked very much the way the  writer treated the delicate subject matters in this book, with dignity and  grace, but without sugarcoating or making it a sermon about political  correctness. The beginning is a bit slow, but since the rest of the story  is so great I can overlook that tiny detail. If it was possible I would  give it ten stars.
B000002H3E|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST METAL ALBUMS OF ALL TIME-HANDS DOWN!  NOTHING CAN EVER BEAT THIS!  THIS ALBUM CHANGED MY LIFE MUSICALLY!  IT CHANGED THE WAY I PLAYED GUITAR!  GEORGE LYNCH RANKS UP THERE WITH THE BEST!  IN THE 15  YEARS THIS ALBUM HAS BEEN OUT, I'VE NEVER PUT IT DOWN!  WE NEED OUR DOKKEN  BACK, IF ANYTHING, WE NEED MORE BANDS LIKE THIS TODAY!  HATS OFF GUYS!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Ley me say first that this album and creed's debut are very different thus it is hard to compare them.  however, human clay and its predecessor are dead even.  human clay features &quot;higher&quot; a track that was  something every1 could like.  its problem lies in that it cant produce a  good follow up single.  yeah, personally every song on it is awesome, no  exceptions, but the general public is a different matter.  the great tracks  on this album include, &quot;what if&quot;, &quot;say i&quot;,  &quot;faceless man&quot;, &quot;never die&quot;, &quot;with arms wide  open&quot;, &quot;higher&quot;, &quot;wash away those years&quot;, and  &quot;inside us all&quot;.  every track deserves many good listens.
B00000269M|5.0|&quot;Bad&quot; is a great follow up to the phenomenal &quot;Thriller&quot;.  It's not as good as &quot;Thriller&quot;, but it's still a really good album.  &quot;Thriller&quot;, made Michael Jackson a  superstar throughout the whole world, but &quot;Bad&quot; made him a  legend.  Two great albums back to back, actually including &quot;Off The  Wall&quot;, makes him the biggest music wonder in the '80s, what else can I  say.  The best songs in &quot;Bad&quot; is &quot;The Way You Make Me  Feel&quot;, &quot;Speed Demon&quot;, &quot;Another Part Of Me&quot;,  &quot;Man In The Mirror&quot;,  &quot;I Just Can't Stop Loving You&quot;,  &quot;Dirty Diana&quot;, &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot;, and &quot;Leave Me  Alone&quot;.  If you loved &quot;Thriller&quot;, you'll love  &quot;Bad&quot;.
0684833395|5.0|I have read Catch-22 over 20 times, and though some may find this a bit compulsive, I find Heller's classic one of the few antidotes (antivenins?) to postpostmodern existence.<br />In one of Heller's last interviews before  his death last year, he said he believed there were no solutions to modern  existence, to the problems with society:  All one can do is run.  So I do.   Every time life gets to be too much, I follow Heller's advice and run  straight for the solacing lunacy of Yossarian &amp; Co.  (Then I promptly  go steal plumb tomatoes from the grocery store.)<br />Over 300 people have  written reviews of this book, so I doubt I can add much to what's already  been said.  But I can tell you that Catch-22 has the curative power of a  thousand hot bubble baths.<br />Just watch out for Natley's whore!
B0000025RI|5.0|This album has to be the best album of all time. All the songs in &quot;Thriller&quot; can be released as singles. &quot;Thriller&quot; made Michael Jackson the 'The King of Pop'. It has a little bit of everything; dance, r&amp;b, and rock. Best songs are &quot;Billie Jean&quot;, &quot;Thriller&quot;, and &quot;Beat It&quot;. It's the best album Michael has ever done and will probably ever do. If Michael wants to make another album of this calliber, he needs to team up with Quincy Jones again. &quot;Thriller&quot; has made me an M.J. fan, if you haven't heard it yet, you gotta take a listen A.S.A.P.
B00000JPH5|4.0|Labyrinth is a tremendous amount of fun! I dare you to watch it and not enjoy it. It's fun, colorful, and lively. Great for the kids and Bowie fans.
B00004KD1L|5.0|Very good groovin' tunes. A good mix of fresh sounds with clasic funky samples that all blend well. If your looking for something fresh but not to hyperactive and euro-techo, this is the CD for you. Buy it! You will like  it!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This the best rap CD to date.The thing i love bout  Eminem is he has no fear of speaking his mind i respect him for that!He is a great rapper i have been a fan of Eminem since  I bought the Slim Shadey LP and I thought  it was the greatest thing since sliced bread!Then the new LP came out and  listing and it is the best thing since paradise.GET THIS CD IF YOU ARE A  FAN OF RAP SCREW THAT GET THIS CD IF YOU ARE A FAN OF MUSIC
6305776369|3.0|This is, of course, based on Molly Shannon's Mary Katherine Gallagher character. If you like the sketches on SNL, then this movie is worth your while. It doesn't feel like a sketch gone on too long, but it's instead an  absurd gag of a movie. Beforehand, I felt like I had probably seen the  funniest parts in the trailer, which showed Mary Katherine french-kissing a  tree. But what the trailer didn't show, which was even funnier, was Mary  Katherine talking dirty to the tree. 3 stars, but keep in mind there was no  way this movie was getting any more than 3 stars. So it played well above  expectations.
0790733897|5.0|One of the best cop films ever! This film set a new standard for suspense. Steve McQueen was just down right great as the cop with nothing to keep him from finding the bad guy. The best car chase ever filmed and a good  supporting cast. Jacqueline Bisset and Robert Vaughan were casted in great  roles. Peter Yates did a good jod directing. Grade:A-
068484267X|1.0|I dont know if it is just the current trend for all things Irish to be lapped up by an over-eager public but this book is hugely disappointing.My main complaint is the huge lack of charcterisation of the parents and also  the saccharine sentimentalisation of the &quot;emerald isle&quot;.No wonder  people in Limerick were up in arms about it. Do not buy this or watch the  film or buy the sequel Tis.
0792842499|5.0|The best out of the &quot;man with no name&quot; trilogy, Clint gave his best performance up to the time. Great music score, with good action, rarely back in the 1960's did you see such a good supporting cast. This is  one of those times. Plus a good director it's no wonder why this was the  best one! Grade:B+
B00000DI06|4.0|When a composer conducts his own music you get his real intentions for the way it should sound.  Having personally performed the Requiem just a month ago, I can say that the score and the recording are in line with each other  (i.e. Rutter's performance does not vary (significantly) from what he wrote  in the score).  This recording features fine singers and instrumentalists  as well.  My only quibble is that the pieces sound a bit  &quot;studio&quot;-like.  There is great precision, blend, balance, etc.,  but sometimes the emotion seems stiffled or flat.  But perhaps this is as  Rutter intended...  Don't misunderstand me, this is a fine recording of  some very nice (even great) music.  It is probably the best recording of  these pieces in existence.  <br />As far as the compositions go, I personally  like the Requiem more.  It is more &quot;serious&quot; in style.  It is  less &quot;Rutter-like&quot; in the sense that it does not have the  &quot;pop&quot; feel that is common in much of his work.  The Requiem also  contains some VERY lovely melodies (Kyrie eleison, Pie Jesu, The Lord is My  Shepherd), and some elegantly understated orchestration.  I agree with the  other reviewers who believe it is Rutter's best work.  <br />The Magnificat is  very upbeat and more popular in feel.  It is a joyful piece which brings a  smile to my heart.<br />This recording is an excellent way to experience  Rutter's larger works, though a live performance might give you some of the  spark that I felt was a bit lacking.
6305538018|5.0|I am actually pretty unfamiliar with the works of David Cronenberg, and so knew none of his &quot;trademarks&quot;...but from the very beginning, the movie caught my interest. He throws you into this strange world, in which  games are incredibly popular, and strange biological &quot;pods&quot; are  used to play them. I did not find the movie slow-paced at all. Okay, well  it wasn't &quot;fast-paced&quot;, per se, but the movie keeps your  interest, because you're just as confused as to what's going on as the  characters are, at times.<br />I've heard comparisons to *The Matrix* but when  I saw the movie, I disagreed slightly. This isn't *The Matrix*...this  approaches reality at a different angle, the game/virtual reality  angle...if games do become more and more realistic, how will someone be  able to distinguish the game world from the real world (well, yeah, like  Morpheus' dream world/real world speech). But this isn't *The Matrix*, I  assure you. There's more gore, for one thing. And less effects and action.  The movie relies on its intriguing storyline and thr confusion of what is  real and what is not.<br />Highly recommended.
6304535570|5.0|For some reason, The Saint was not the hugest hit at the box office. After buying the video and watching it many times, I wonder why.<br />The acting was great. Val Kilmar once again proves that he is one of the most  multi-dimensional actors of our time. Just think of all the different TYPES  of roles that he's played in movies over the years. In The Saint, he gets  to assume even more roles with his constant disguise changes and varying  voice inflections. Elizabeth Shue was great as well. Her character was both  smart and a little out of it, and I guess if I were designing a genius  character for a movie, it would be like that: smart in their field, but a  little out of touch with the world. The bad guys also did a great job.  <br />The story is fun and exciting, a little unbelievable, but hey, that's  why we go see movies, right? There's gadgets, humor, suspense,  romance...it's all here. The Saint had all the makings of a classic.<br />Fans  of the TV series will get a kick out of Roger Moore being the radio voice  at the end. I feel that overall the makers of the movie did an admirable  job of taking the Saint story and fitting it into the 1990's while staying  true to the original idea. <br />GREAT movie. Bravo!
6303212263|5.0|I have watched this film throughout my entire life. Even today I still find it one of the most entertaining movies that I have ever seen. Christopher Reeve makes an impressive debut and makes the film what it has  now become .... a modern day classic by all standards. The film is played  straight as if it is a normal movie, unlike the recent superhero movies of  the nineties. That is what makes it so fantastic. Since I have been a child  I have collected many of this films memorabilia and have various rare  collectabiles. I have also seen the expanded version with the extra 40  minutes. It was shown on television when I lived in Ireland and since then  I have been looking for a copy of my own. The version as it is seen now is  excellent but the expanded version is much better. So as a final note I  urge Warner Bros to take the opportunity to re-release the expanded version  and make not only a lot of money, but more importantly a lot of little boys  who have now grown up feel young again.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Who doesn't like the hit &quot;The Really Slim Shady?&quot; It's the awesomest song eva! Other songs that you'll be singing along to are Kill  You.  If you liked his last cd, you'll love this one.
B00000K31Q|5.0|This was really a great teeny-bopper comedy. I loved the remarks made about Shakespeare and I think Joseph Gordon-Levitt from '3rd Rock from the Sun' did a great job in his role. The music was fantastic and you can only  really appreciate the movie soundtrack on a DD surround system at high  volume. This movie is designed to exercise the laugh muscles. Go rent it  now and wake up the neighbours.
0140544518|5.0|I'm a 12 year-old kid, and I still love this point of view of thestory the three little pigs. I got kind of tired of the old story ofthe three little pigs, but this book is incredible! It's like a whole other story!  <br />I don't acctually own the book(unfortunately), but it was read to me at school once. It makes me feel sorry for the wolf, because I always thought that he had no feelings and that he was just a bad and mean wolf.<br />I heard many versions of the three little pigs. The one where the 2 little pigs get eaten and the 3rd stayes alive, the one where all the pigs stay safe in the 3rd pig's house, and many more. But I must say, out of all the versions I have ever read, this one was defenitly my favorite one, and it deserves 5 stars. I greatly recomend it to you.  END
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Maiden are back in a big way!  This easily is their best album since Seventh Son of a Seventh Son.  Awesome artwork, too.  Good to see Derek Riggs providing the Eddie artwork again.
0440219078|5.0|I am a twelve year old kid, but I can still tell when something is amazing. Ever since I read &quot;The Giver&quot; it has been my favorite book. It is not only fabulous for kids, my whole family read it and they  all loved it.<br />&quot;The Giver&quot; is very entertaining. It is so full  of imagination that it takes you to an other world. Once you start reading  this book,you won't be able to put it down because it is so wonderful, so  make sure that you got time to spare!<br />I would greatly reccomend this  amazing book to you because it was definitely the best one I ever read.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I am probably biased because I'm a scuba diver. However, this movie has an excellent photography and goes through some technical stuff associated with diving so if you are into this don't hesitate to get it. This movie is  based on a true story and takes you to the early days of free diving. I  havent seen it on DVD so I dont know how the quality of sound and video  are.
6305810109|5.0|With 'The Straight Story' David Lynch has weaved together a subtle, fascinating story about age, regret, and family.  The tale is of Alvin Straight, a 73 year old man who has seen most of what life has to dish out  and learns that his brother suffered a stroke.  With bad eyes and no  license, he sets out on a journey on a riding lawnmower to see his brother,  who he hasn't spoken to in ten years.<br />What I loved most about this movie  is the simplicity; of the story, the characters, the filming.  Yet within  that classic style is a movie that is incredibly moving.  The stories that  Alvin has to tell about his life are saddening, touching, and almost  frightening.  He talks about being old, about fighting in World War II, and  about his regrets of not speaking to his brother.  He runs into quite a few  people along the way who help him out, and their stories contribute to a  beautifully crafted script.  <br />Richard Farnsworth is convincing in the  role of Alvin.  His abilities are most especially outlined in the sad tone  of his voice, and the look of regret and hope in his eyes.  It is rare that  I have grown to respect and adore a character so much.  David Lynch's  direction is not dark or creepy like his other works, but carefully and  nicely photographed in great harmony with the script.  The cinematography  is smoothe, and the extended takes prove his abilities as a director and  the actors abilities as well.<br />This film is done in a classic manner, and  the results are moving in a rare way.  I sincerely hopes this film  eventually gets the recognition it deserves.
B00000K0DT|4.0|First of all the movie is cool. It has a great story line plus it is simple.  There are no huge dramatical special effects because the dialogue and the story line, in itself, hold there own.  The two draw backs to this  movie might be the actor Steven Baldwin, but still he held is own.  The  other minor detail about this movie on dvd is that the dialogue was hard to  hear over the background effects and music.  However, Im content to have  it in my collection of cool anti-heroe movies.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Once again, Celine has dazzled everyone with her holiday collection....I must confess, I listen to this CD year round because of the emotional punch of Celine's singing!  I highly recommend this CD for people who need  inspiration in their daily lives or around troubling holiday times. And who  better to sing your fave holiday songs with?  Sing with the best - Celine!  You can never go wrong owning any CDs of Celine Dion!  (Celine, the DE  coast LOVES you!)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The songs are great, Dickinson is in shape, and the songwriting is always strong, typical of Iron Maiden.<br />Just like the albums 1980's, Brave New World has its own style and adds to the impressive collection of this  band.<br />If you listen to it often enough, you can feel that this album is  the next logical step after the Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son record from  1988. The four albums in between were... not the real Iron Maiden.<br />Brave  New World is a strong offering from the first to the last track. The Wicker  Man stands out of the pack with its amazing rhythm and it will be a great  concert song!
0767836324|4.0|'Hook' doesn't measure up to JM Barrie?  So what?  This isn't 'Peter Pan'.<br />Prompted by a journey home to England to see his adoptive mother Wendy, Peter Panning [a lawyer specializing in hostile takeovers] faces his  increasing estrangement from his family, and the man he has become.  In a  drunken haze, he travels to his own Neverland, where he faces his own  fears: that he's lost touch with his children; that he's so afraid of dying  he's forgotten how to live; and most of all, that he's become a dark and  sinister Pirate, and that his son will grow up to be as miserable and old  and unpleasant as he imagines himself to be.  Some of the significance may  be lost on children, but it can be enjoyed on a more literal level as well  [and what child doesn't feel that their parents aren't paying enough  attention to them?].  Though a little cheesy and Hollywood at times [you  were expecting something else from a Robin Williams movie?], 'Hook' is  still a wonderful psychological portrayal of one man's midlife crisis.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|The songs are great, Dickinson is in shape, and the songwriting is always strong, typical of Iron Maiden.<br />Just like the albums 1980's, Brave New World has its own style and adds to the impressive collection of this  band.<br />If you listen to it often enough, you can feel that this album is  the next logical step after the Seventh Son Of A Seventh Son record from  1988. The four albums in between were... not the real Iron Maiden.<br />Brave  New World is a strong offering from the first to the last track. The Wicker  Man stands out of the pack with its amazing rhythm and it will be a great  concert song!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I am not generally a techno fan. The last two Chemical Brothers' albums had some good points, but ultimately felt redundant and... done. This is the exception I have been waiting for. This album is by turns masterful,  haunting, elegant, and fun. Putting the old blues songs to a techno beat is  an ingenious idea, and Moby pulls it off effectively. I would not hesitate  to call this the best album of the past year. It is the kind of album that  will only grow better with age. High points include Southside, Natural  Blues, Find My Baby, Porcelein, and a handful of others. But the fact that  I center on those does not mean that they were the only good songs.  Something for everyone is here, because it is such a deeply atmospheric  record. For me, it is right up there with OK Computer (Radiohead), To Bring  You My Love (PJ Harvey), and Under the Pink (Tori Amos). <br />If you have  been looking for a great record that is sophisticated and  &quot;pretty,&quot; this is it. These songs will stick in your head for a  long time as anthems to the world around us, which is what I think Moby was  trying to pull off. <br />Believe me, he succeeded.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This cd is so much better than her first one!  The lyrics are much more mature.  My favorites are &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot; because i can really relate to them.  I would deffinently recommend this  cd, even if you aren't a big Britney fan.
0395925037|4.0|I state the reason for my rating because, while this is the idealogy of an evil man, objectively it is an extremely important historical document that cannot be overlooked.<br />It is important to realize that from the outside  looking in, the results of certain philosophies are so terrible that we  often refuse to examine them beyond the death and destruction.  <br />The  truth is, however, that there is a thought process in bigotry, eugenics,  etc.  Though it is indeed logically flawed, it is still an ethical duty for  all to look at the literature and philosophies that result in a very human  evil.
0440224764|1.0|I have just finished reading The Partner and am actually furious.  The book was a wonderful read, with a slowly deveoping plot, plausible character development (as much as Grisham deveops characters), some nice  twists.  Then the last chapter occurs - it was a totally unnecessary and  uncalled for ending, completely unprepared for and out of character for the  main protagonists.<br />Within the confines of the story, it is not a  reeasonable ending.  However, the worst thing about this ending is that it  is cheating the audience.,  The only way the ending is plausible is if  Grisham lied to the reader (i.e. him porttraying a character's inner  thoughts and feelings, and then later implying that that person was being  dishonest in the things that they thought to themself)<br />If the author was  attempting to imply that this character has been killed, then Grisham has  failed miserably, but after reading to story, this is the only rationale  solution given the characters as Grisham has written them but a totally  different ending is implied.<br />He is known for slightly awkward endings at  times (see the Pelican Brief, for example) but the ending in The Partner  made me wish I had never read the book.<br />To summarize, a wonderful book,  ruined by an arbitrary, unbeliveable, and cruel ending.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Everything in this movie is great, from the dialogue to the awesome soundtrack. The characters in Magnolia are so well written it's like taking a peek into a family's home. The actors really know what they're doing.  Jeremy Blackman (Stanley Spector) was my favorite and the rest of the cast  were simply terrific. I loved this movie because of the irony and symbolism  mostly.<br />I say watch this film for yourself and you'll see what I'm  talking about.
B000002H70|5.0|The genius of The Cure is their deeply textured orchestration and Disintegration is, I feel, the height their art.  My favorite Cure album.
6305627347|5.0|IF YOUR A SOUTH PARK HATTER THAN YOU WOULD LOVE THIS MOVIE!  MY MOM WENT OFF HER NARNA WHEN I BROUGHT THIS MOVIE HOME. BUT BY THE END SHE WAS STILL SINGING THE LYRICS TO 'UNCLE F###ER' WELL I SAY ONE THING.....IF YOU LOVE SOUTH PARK GET THE MOVIE.....
0316777722|5.0|My only regret is having read it so fast.    This is Sedaris's funniest book to date - I laughed until my face hurt.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Bottom line is this cd is one you can put in your cd player and just let it go.  I dont like the skits cause it takes time away from music he could have added, but the marshal mathers lp is pimped out.  for those of you who  say that he is rude or some bs, get over it.  He does it to annoy you.   just look at it in a humorous way.  Or just dont listen to it.  The music  is great, the way that eminem tells stories and does characters in his  busic is brilliant.  The song Stan is an amazing song, very moving.  I like  every song but remember me, its annoying.  Other than that eminem has  broken through the field of most artists by being able to put out two cd's  that are dominant.  He has proved that he is not a one hit wonder.
B000001Y42|2.0|All I have to say is that this cd could have been better.  I have been a fan of these guys since I heard Nookie at a friend's house and I decided to purchase both cds.  I did and liked Significant Other better.  Fred Durst  has a cool voice.  The lyrics are awesome on this album but the music could  have been better.  This one was also heavier.  Rap meets heavy metal.  I  would buy Significant Other first and if you REALLY like it buy this one  too.
0060174900|4.0|I read this because it is on a list of the 150 most influential books of this century.  It is a book that should be read, tho its subject matter does not fail to disturb.  It is flawlessly written, and very smooth  reading.  You will not regret having used the small amount of time  necessary to read this classic work on the descent into madness.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Once I heard some Limp Bizkit songs I began to like the group so I bought Three Dollar Bill, Y'all$. I liked all the songs, especcially Faith, Indigo Flow, and Pollution. A couple weeks later I bought Significant Other. The  Intro and Outro were both great and funny, especcially the comedy clips at  the end of the cd. I like the rapping over the metal and the soulful  Rearranged. There is not one bad song on this cd so buy it.
0780620003|1.0|A lot of people seem to think that good special effects make for a good movie.  Those people are wrong.  Without a solid script and an intriguing storyline, no movie can be saved by cool visual effects.  This movie has  only one memorable moment, when the maniacal, little clown turns into a  cheerleader and does some goofy cheers.  That was actually hysterical.  The  rest of this film was hysterically bad.  Martin Sheen must be experiencing  the lowest low of his career.  To think that the same guy who had the lead  in &quot;Apocalypse Now,&quot; a classic about the Vietnam War, would  appear in this piece of trash is more frightening than anything.  It  doesn't say much for the enduring quality of an actor's career, no matter  what great films he or she has starred in.  Anyway, Spawn is awful, but  might be worth seeing just for the joy of watching a really horrendous  film.
068484267X|5.0|What a wonderful book; rich, colorful and spirited.  I laughed, cried, moaned and applauded the people in family.  After reading this and 'Tis I took a trip to Ireland.
B000002I25|4.0|This is probably the finest debut album of any group in the history of rock and roll.  The Doors immediately established their own unique sound with this masterpiece.  Paul McCartney and John Lennon both supposedly  bought ten copies of this album, which by itself is an amazing statement.   &quot;Break on Through&quot; and &quot;Light My Fire&quot; are both  classics that endure to this day.  Five of the eleven songs would reappear  on the group's greatest hits collection and three of the other songs,  &quot;Soul Kitchen,&quot; &quot;Back Door Man,&quot; and &quot;End of the  Night,&quot; would be more than good enough to make a lesser group's  greatest hits.  &quot;The End&quot; is arguably the best song ever produced  by the Doors, as it takes its listeners on an intense journey of love found  and love lost.  This album actually deserves four and a half stars.  The  only reason it gets docked half a star is because of three forgettable  songs, &quot;Twentieth Century Fox,&quot; &quot;I Looked at You,&quot; and  &quot;Take it as it Comes.&quot;  Fortunately, the group was smart enough  to place these songs between stronger entries instead of bunching them all  together for an extended cluster of lackluster music.  All of the other  songs are at least good, if not great.  As a result, this is easily the  Doors' best original album.
B000000WA4|5.0|Two discs, twenty-eight songs, four flawless musicians, anthems galore, and you got yourself a masterpiece. You can't buy this and not find one song you adore, it's impossible; there's a great mixture of everyting on  here. From acoustics to metal to grunge to punk, &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;  has it all. When I first got it, I had to let it settle before givingan  honest opinion. Two discs is a lot to handle, especially coming from a poet  with more depth than the pacific ocean. Billy Corgan is a genius, he's more  talented than you think, but he gives you songs that grow on you and take  awhile to adapt with (in other words, we're only mortal, he's not).Dawn To  Dusk: This starts off with a nice piano intro and leads directly into  &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;. Probably their biggest hit (and arguably  their best single), and you can see why too. &quot;Zero&quot; sounds almost  like Metallica, with it's pounding rhythms and sludgy guitars gives it the  perfect sound for Billy's lyrics. &quot;Here Is No Why&quot; has lyrics  that Kurt Cobain could have wrote, another great song. &quot;Bullet With  Butterfly Wings&quot; is an anthem. Maybe not as big as &quot;Smells Like  Teen Spirit&quot;, but it's amazing nonetheless. The disc slips a little  but gets back up on it's feet with &quot;Cupid De Locke&quot;, one of the  most romantic songs of the decade. The disc ends nicely with  &quot;Porcelina Of The Vast Oceans&quot; and &quot;Take Me  Down&quot;.Twilight To Starlight: &quot;Where Boys Fear To Tread&quot; is  great opener. &quot;Bodies&quot; however, might be the best off this disc  with it's sorrow rage and beautiful guitar work. &quot;Thirty-Three&quot;  and &quot;1979&quot; are the last singles with &quot;1979&quot; being the  better of the two. It's synth-beat and easy going style make it  irresistible. &quot;Tales Of A Scorched Earth&quot; is brutal in a  beautiful sort of way. &quot;Stumbeline&quot; is a beautiful acoustic, one  of my favorites. &quot;X.Y.U.&quot; is an absolute classic in my eyes. It's  up there with &quot;Bodies&quot; as the best on &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;.  &quot;Farewell And Goodnight&quot; is a great way to end this epic.All in  all, you can't go wrong with this. I favor Twilight To Starlight over Dawn  To Dusk, the singles are tempting, but the latter disc is better. Even  though I'm crushed The Pumpkins are gonna call it quits at the end of the  year, their music is timeless; I never get sick of them. Anyways, stop  reading my dumb review and go put this in your Amazon basket right now.
6302413931|4.0|Okay, some of Martin Sheen's narrations are pretentious and overblown, but that doesn't change the fact that Apocalypse Now combines the horrors of war with unbelievable cinematography and a host of unique characters to  provide audiences with one of the better films of the 1970s.  Francis Ford  Coppolla almost killed himself due to the almost four years it took to make  this film.  He was obsessed with this project, more so than either of the  first two Godfathers, and he became convinced that the movie would be a  tremendous failure.  Instead, Coppolla made one of the best war films of  all time.  This film follows the disturbing journey of Captain Willard  (Sheen) up the river where he must find and confront American colonel  Walter Kurtz (Marlon Brando), who has gone insane and is now running the  Vietnam War on his own terms, with the natives of the woods following his  every command.  In regards to Kurtz, Willard is instructed to  \\"terminate with extreme prejudice.\\"  There are many memorable  scenes in this film: the Chef being attacked by a tiger in the woods and  his mad reaction that followed that dangerous episode, the shooting up of a  Vietnamese boat because one of the passengers was lunging to grab a puppy  and not a weapon, the get-together of several hundred GIs to watch a show  featuring Playboy bunnies, and of course the final scenes in which Kurtz  reveals his twisted logic to a stunned Willard.  There are also a number of  unforgettable characters who play only bit roles: Robert Duvall as the  hilarious Captain Kilgore who blows up an entire Vietnamese village just to  surf, Dennis Hopper playing a spacy American photo-journalist who worships  Kurtz, etc.  Everybody on Willard's boat is portrayed marvelously by such  actors as Lawrence Fishburne, who was only 17 while this film was being  made.  Even Sheen provides a strong performance as the lead, although he  can't help the fact that some of his narrations seem to take themselves too  seriously.For the most part, though, this movie was very well-written.   It was an adaptation of Joseph Conrad's early 20th Century book, Heart of  Darkness.  For an even better experience than Apocalypse Now, special  recommendation goes to Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse, which  is a documentary about the struggles of making this movie, shot by  Coppolla's wife.
0792153189|1.0|This film starts out so slowly, and with so little energy, that I started praying for the asteroid to make a surprise appearance.  Once things started happening, the movie only got worse.  Characters behaved strangely  and stupidly, the dialogue was cheesy, there was absolutely NO dramatic  tension, and the acting was, at best, subpar.  The ludicrous ending at  least provided a laugh or two. Stay away!
B0000062GE|5.0|I seriously reccomend this album to anybody that is a fan of Korn, ' Bizkit, or any other hard rock bands.  Darkest Days is an album filled with great songs with better beats and lyrics.  The lyrics are somewhat  philosophical, and the music is amazing.  If you've heard the song  &quot;Save Yourself&quot;, you know how enjoyable the remainder of this CD  is.
B00000JGOH|4.0|This film is classic Shakespeare in a modern tongue to keep the 20 and 21 century man or woman on the end of their seat for love, fantasy, humor and drama.<br />I didn't see the film on the theater because I have not been an  overall fan of the main actress, however when pushed a bit to view it at  home on DVD, I found that not only was I surprised at the content and the  elegance of its' filmaking, I found I have continued to watch it several  times over.<br />I don't know if it's a mixture of the romance, the humor or  the quick wit of Shakespeares' writing or the beauty of the filmaking, but  I find myself gravitate towards it every so often and watch it religiously  when it appears on cable.  I am not one to watch these types of movies but  the old tale in a new way keeps it intersting and moving right along.<br />I  would reccommend it for a home collection whole heartily.
B00003XACV|5.0|This is the all time best soundtrack of well, all time. This CD has the incredible original score along with many other great songs which makes this movie a masterpiece. Look closer...          Not only does this  collection of wonderful pieces of score have you humming them all day long,  it also adds to the American Beauty experiance, which, quite frankly, is a  good one. I highly suggest you but this CD. The best songs you will ever  hear are all on this one disc. Did I mention that I know Mena Suvari?  Anyway,       LOOK CLOSER...
6300213668|5.0|&quot;Grease&quot;is the word,and the last great musical made.This movie is so much fun,I'm still not bored.Its like being a teenager again. I got to play Kenickie in our local theater group,and sang the best song from the  play,&quot;Grease Lightnin.&quot; In the movie Travolta sings this number.I  love John's voice,and can't understand why he hasen't recorded more? Olivia  is fantastic.Its ashame she never made a better,or equal film,but at least  she has this performance to her credit.Susan Dey was the first choice for  Sandy,but turned it down.I'm glad she did,Susan can only move her mouth to  someone else's singing.If you ever seen VH1's,reunion of the Grease  cast,its great.Everyone had a fantastic time making the movie.Stockard  Channing said her hickeys were for real.Everyone was doing it to someone.
0812550706|5.0|I like the book it does not have to be 100% correct to be good.
0671027344|5.0|I am a 15 year old fresman from St. Petersburg, FL and I havegot to say this book made me breathless.  I am very critical when itcomes to authors, actors, whatever portraying kids my age because 99% of the time it is completely unnacurate and insulting.  For the first time I am just amazed by how accurate this really is.  Especially how well it portrays the punk genre.  So many times we are portrayed as &quot;freaks&quot; and the teenie-boppers are shown as the civilized students.  I have found that's not the case at all.  A friend of mine from school loaned the book to me (after it had previuosly been passed to 6 other people)and i read it in a couple of hours.  I was so moved, It read it once more before passing it onto more friends.  This book really is a work of art.  I can't say anough good about it.  I strongly recommend that you look into it, if you are mature enough to handle what you will find.
0684847248|5.0|I don't know why I read this book when I did. I had been recommended it years ago but it bored me then. I stopped reading it after 40 pages.<br />For some reason I picked it up this week. I was having real problems with an  out of marriage relationship.<br />The book really helped me to understand  love. But so much more. It seemed to me to be a mystic experience. An  awakening. By far and away the most moving and influential book I have ever  read in my life.<br />Scott Peck attempts to answer the meaning of life  question. The crazy thing is that I had already reached the same  conclusions somewhere in myself. Seeing them in print linked to love and  grace was a very very moving experience.<br />I now know why I was feeling  closer to God than at any time in my life.
B00004SZWE|4.0|Although not Wonder's masterpiece, Songs in the Key of Life is among the singer/songwriters best albums. Like other double albums (1999, The White Album, Exiles on Main Street, Blonde on Blonde), there is enough great  material for one truly great album. Even the filler is filled to the brim  with imaginative arrangements and melodies. Wonder's sprawling epic  captures everything from the dark world of poverty (Pastime Paradise) to  the magic of his children (Isn't She Lovely).<br />Wonder's beautiful voice  jumps from lilting to subdued anger throughout the album. He exhibits a  huge emotional range as a singer and his playing is nothing short of great.  The bonus tracks that were originally on a Extended Play single are nice  but only Saturn and Ebony Eyes catch fire. Can't complain, though, as they  weren't really supposed to be part of the body of the original 2 album set.<br />The sound quality is spectacular--a huge improvement over the previous  version. The sound is warm, has more depth and sharp detail than the older  double CD. This actually captures all the aural excitement evident when I  first heard this album on vinyl almost 25 years ago.<br />Highly recommend.
0684847248|5.0|I don't know why I read this book when I did. I had been recommended it years ago but it bored me then. I stopped reading it after 40 pages.<br />For some reason I picked it up this week. I was having real problems with an  out of marriage relationship.<br />The book really helped me to understand  love. But so much more. It seemed to me to be a mystic experience. An  awakening. By far and away the most moving and influential book I have ever  read in my life.<br />Scott Peck attempts to answer the meaning of life  question. The crazy thing is that I had already reached the same  conclusions somewhere in myself. Seeing them in print linked to love and  grace was a very very moving experience.<br />I now know why I was feeling  closer to God than at any time in my life.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Absolutely, the best Maiden album yet.  It even beats the great Powerslave!<br />The Wicerman, Mercenary, and Fallen Angel are great fast paced metal songs.<br />Ghost of the Navigator, Brave New World, and Out of  the Silent Planet are great epic songs, with a very cool feel to  them.<br />Blood Brothers and the Thin Line Between Love and Hate are good  down beat kind of gloomy songs.<br />Dream of Mirrors and Nomad are great long  songs.  I love long songs.
B000002J1B|5.0|In &quot;Relayer&quot;, Yes took the occasionally-brilliant bloated bulk of &quot;Topographic Oceans&quot;, distilled out its best aspects, added a jazz keyboardist to replace the more classical Wakeman, and cranked it to  11. It's their most experimental album, and in my opinion, their most  successful one.<br />The 22-minute &quot;Gates of Delerium&quot; is one of  their most coherent epics, creating in song and sound the tale of a war  between two armies that feel forced to fight. Listen to this on a pair of  good headphones, and by the time the 'Soon' segment floats in, if you  aren't wiping your eyes, you're simply inhuman.<br />It's followed by  &quot;Sound Chaser&quot;, Yes at its edgiest, with a guitar solo that's the  closest prog-rock ever got to straight-ahead rock n' roll.<br />The closer,  &quot;To Be Over&quot;, is my personal favorite Yes song. It has every  classic Yes moment in one six-minute masterpiece: dreamy fantasy lyrics, a  rocking guitar solo, thumping bass, an ear-ticking keyboard run, and lots  of slide guitar. It's the Yes song that sounds most like a Roger Dean album  cover.
B000002TYK|3.0|To me three stars means good, four would be excellent, and five would be a classic. This album is really good so I would give it three and a half stars. The only problem is that it is a bit unpolished. At many times there  is too much distortion, or grohl doesn't seem to fit in the vocals well.  However, it is a good album overall. The catchy riffs and vocals provide a  great amount of energy throughout most of the songs. There are about 4 cuts  that are skippable. The rest are damn good. Buy this record. And take it  for what it is.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Not many bands are turning out music these days like Radiohead does which is a shame and lends credence to the notions that rock n' roll is slowly dying. Nevertheless, as Radiohead proves, the death pangs will probably  last a while and in the process some creative bands will come out of the  woodwork. This is an amazing album, certainly one of the finest ever made  by a rock n' roll band and is done in a scope and tone not heard since the  days of the stadium bands i.e. U2, Floyd, The Who, Queen, etc. They might  be the last great rock n' roll band.
B000002UKS|4.0|This album has some awesome songs, and the rest are really good too. There's nothing here that you will want to skip and you might even become obsessive about not leaving the room when they're playing. Everlong is my  personal favorite because I just love the haunting guitar riffs.  Oooohhhhh...it almost gives chills up my spine. The only problem with TCATS  is that it fails to show much versatility. Some slow songs, some hard  songs, but most of them following the same format. Well, I can't be too  critical, I mean, this IS one of my favorite cds. However its not quite a  classic. (ex. Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon) you know, not quite  there. But I think Dave has more tunes in him to put out an album of that  caliber.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley had sadly passed by the time I came across this album and so my enthusiasm was somewhat tempered by the realization that no other music would be forthcoming from this bright talent. Nevertheless what is laid  down here certainly shines, and one comes across wishing that the Mystery  had allowed Buckley a little more time to write music. This album is  beautiful, and, for what its worth, it rocks.
B000020617|5.0|This album is by far the best of the FOO's. Definitely worth your money, and most deserving of praise. With this album Grohl has made pure rock. Not grunge, not punk, or anything else within the rock genre. This just has it  all. If you didn't like the softer songs on TCATS, then you won't like  this. The tunes are generally softer and more poppy, but in my opinion are  incredible. The cuts here have a reminiscence towards the seventies with  rock like fleetwood mac, the Eagles, and Frampton. Still, the Foo have  created something of their own by modifying basic songs into their style.  If you can't stand poppy melodies and catchy vocals, by all means, keep  away from TINLTL. If you can appreciate both soft ballads and hard rockers,  this is for you.
B000002UB3|2.0|I know I am probably wrong about this- the numbers after all do not lie: 294 five-star reviews vs. mine, but I still do not see what all of the fuss is about. The Beatles wrote some good, catchy songs and they were obviously  quite influential in modern music. Nevertheless, after twenty-six years of  hearing these jingles, they really have not grown on me at all. All the  kings horses have failed to explain to me what exactly about the Beatles is  that ingenious.  It seems that the rest of music (here: rock n' roll) had  pretty much lapped the Beatles by the time this came around. I have an  image of hell as the constant replaying of Penny Lane over and over and  over again. Funny thing is hell sounds a bit like commercial radio.
630575067X|1.0|All in all a great shame. I think LUCAS musta flipped and I say this as a MAJOR fan of the &quot;Holy Trilogy&quot;... To quote Stone and Parker the creators of South Park from their Playboy interview - an  &quot;atrocity&quot;... The depth of the earlier films only makes this one  feel even worse! No development of character, fights without reason or  logic. You know when you come down to it - the actors looked pretty bored.  And after everything and I mean everything, it all came down to unfair  TAXES? I just cannot believe the whole thing looked like it did and I am  truly sad for the whole catastrophe. I hope the next one is better...
B00000J5Z6|5.0|Sinceramente, no me agrada el reggae, por lo que dudaba que este disco fuera a parecerme bueno en lo absoluto cuando un amigo (al que le gusta el jazz como a m) me lo prest. Para mi sorpresa, me lo compr ese mismo fin  de semana. Es excelente!<br /> Se los recomiendo ampliamente.
B00004T8RK|3.0|Pearl Jam has long been one of my faviorte bands.  They are one of the most intelligent and charismatic bands that are around.  I just finished listening to Binaural for the second time and have formed opinions.  There  are some very good, powerful songs on this CD, Light Years and Sleight of  Hand to name a couple. These songs are amongst a group of my favirotes.   There is some meaty guitar licks and excellent lyrics.  But I have some  questions.  Pearl Jam has made it quite clear that they will never put out  a Ten or a V.S. again.  It always seems like people are just fine with  that.  But would that be so horrible?  Would this be the worst thing that  ever happened?  Would this cause their fans to revolt and say that they are  not being creative and not changing?  Why does a band have to change  conatantly to be taken seriously?  Most of the time that I hear that a band  is really growing or maturing on their new release, I find that I don;t  seem to care for it as much as their earlier work.  Every time I get the  latest release from Pearl Jam, I am hoping and praying for something that  even vaguely resembles their first couple outings.  But every time I get  the new disc, I think to myself, This is good stuff but it never meets my  expectations.  Remember the first time you listenes to Ten.  It just  grabbed me and never let go.  I appreciate that the guys previous success  has allowed them to really please themselves and put out the music they  want to.  But it would really be great for them to light a fire under  themselves and put out some music that is exciting and monumental again.   Up tempo numbers never hurt anybody. Don't get me wrong, there is nothing  fundamentally wrong with this disc, and I am sure that it will grow on me a  little more.  Long live Pearl Jam.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I brought the CD yesterday, after hearing some songs in my friends car, but i was to sleepy to listen to it, I listen to whole CD tonight and i was totally stunned. I'm not even going to sit here and say i'm an Eminem fan,  this is the only album i have of his and haven't heard anything from the  first one except what the played, but this CD was hot and so true. And Bama  girl that said it was offensive to woman, please, he just sayin' what he's  feeling, and i know that song Kim will hit some string with some of you  guys out there. Yo buy the CD it's worth the money. Don't forget to roll  down the window and blast the radio for your favorite song. WARNING! this  album is great for releasing stress, not recommend to be listened to if you  have road rage. :)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I only got 6 words for this cd&quot;Bruce &amp; Adrian Smith are back&quot;.  Nothing against Janick, but when you been listening to this band since 88, you miss that guitar riff that only Adrian can give.  For  all you Maiden fans that left when Adrian &amp; Bruce left come back, that  sound is back.  For you Generation X folks that never heard of Maiden,  listen &amp; love it.  They've been playing since 76.  That alone should  tell you they got something Great.  And as allways&quot;UP THE IRONS&quot;
B000002UB3|5.0|It is tempting to label Abbey Road as the Fabs finest album, but then they produced another five or six which could just as easily take the biscuit.  Despite Let it Be being released after Abbey Road, this was in fact the  last hurrah for a group who had seen it all.  Only beaten on diversity by  the previous year's White Album, Abbey Road houses a collection of mostly  unknown songs (to an everyday music punter) interspersed by a few classics.  Arguably, George Harrison's finest songwriting hour (Something, Here Comes  the Sun), Lennon's most positive (Sun King, Come Together) and McCartney  most cynical (You Never Give Me Your Money, Maxwell's Silver Hammer). And  as if George Martin had not elevated himself to the Gods with Sgt. Pepper,  his production on this album, with brilliant use of Classical and lofty  instrumentation further confirmed him as pop's all time greatest  producer.<br />There is not a bad track on it.
0800139151|3.0|Try renting or buying this movie if you saw it on TV and thought the story was confusing. It suffers from editing problems and those TV station breaks make the story seem even more uneven than it is. I have put it on my  favorite Western list now that I have viewed it without interuptions. In my  opinion, Russell Crowe totally stole the show and that is no small theft  considering the high quality of his co-stars.  I understand that a love  scene featuring Mr. Crowe  and Miss Stone's did not make the final cut.  I  bet a directors version with some additional footage featuring Mr. Crowe,  especially the love scene, would jump off the shelves. Mr. Crowe is in a  state of white hot stardom right now and people would be interested in  seeing the deleted material.
0060977493|5.0|A wonderfully written book. Whilst it starts slowly the momentum builds to a terrible crescendo. Not many authors can pull off a tragedy but God of small things is one of those books that does.
B000002OX7|5.0|When I first purchased this CD, I thought it would be incredible. When I listened to it, it was incredible. But it is also so much more. Listening to this album, one gets a definite picture of what the Who are really all  about. Now that it is digitally remixed and remastered with new liner notes  and bonus tracks, it makes listening to the album a pleasure. In my  opinion, this IS the Who's greatest work ever. Some of the best songs are  &quot;Baba O'Reily,&quot; &quot;My Wife,&quot; &quot;Behind Blue  Eyes,&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again.&quot; If you liked this  album,  you might be interested in looking at the box set &quot;Lifehouse  Chronicles&quot; available at Pete Townshend's commericial website. As for  &quot;Who's Next,&quot; it should be considered a rock classic.
0385334206|3.0|An entertaining book but I found that it drifted a bit towards the end. I have read two other Vonnegut books and found Breakfast of Champions the weakest of the three. What I found annoying  was the author introducing  himself into the book in the last third of the story. It just seemed to be  attention getting and have no real benefit to the story itself.
0440178002|5.0|I must admit that the bulkiness of the novel was a bit intimidating when I first picked it up 10 years ago.  When I finished it I was longing for more and since then I have reread it about 4 times.  This book is excellent.  If  there is anything to add to the certainties in life that I will die and I  will continue to pay taxes, it will be that I will read Shogun again, and  again, and again.  Clavell weaves a harmonious web of honor, duty, loyalty,  devotion, and romance that leaves the reader in nirvana when the last page  is finally turned.  To go through life without reading this  novel...Kinjiru!
157492589X|5.0|This is the best western.  The characters are deep, the story intricate, the emotional impact  high, and the action second to none.  The extended length is a blessing.  Robert Duvall is outstanding.
B00000IQCF|5.0|Pedro Almodovar's &quot;Live Flesh&quot; is a film noir full of style,  exhilaration, richness and excellent erotic storytelling. Almodovar, the  best director from Spain since the great Luis Bunuel, shows here a  complexity in filmmaking few directors achieve. His screenplay here is  exquisitly detailed in story and situations. The story by itself keeps us  gripped and interested. The way the story unfolds has a lot of energy and  Almodovar surprises us with revelations at every corner. To look at  &quot;Live Flesh&quot; is to look at a great example of good foreign  cinema, which sometimes vastly surpasses American cinema. This is great  film noir.
B000001DQI|5.0|THIS ALBUM HAS EVERYTHING FOR EVERY TYPE OF POP MUSICAL INTEREST: ROCK , BALLAD , DANCE, REGGAE, INSTRUMENTAL , COUNTRY. BECAUSE OF THE VARIETY OF SONG STYLES THIS ALBUM NEVER GETS BORING. EVERY OTHER SONG HAS BEEN A  CLASSIC OVER THE PAST 25+ YEARS .INCLUDED ARE THE AOR STAPLES &quot;FUNERAL  FOR A FRIEND/LOVE LIES BLEEDING&quot;, &quot;SATURDAY NIGHT'S ALRIGHT FOR  FIGHTING&quot; , CLASSIC BALLADS &quot;GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD&quot;/  &quot;CANDLE IN THE WIND&quot;,&quot;HARMONY&quot; TO THE R + B INFLUENCED  &quot; BENNIE AND THE JETS &quot;   THIS ALBUM TAKES YOU TO EVERY TYPE OF  EMOTION YET THE BAND'S CONSISTENT STYLE KEEPS THE LP UNIFORM . THE OTHER  KEY TO THIS ALBUM'S GREATNESS IS THAT WITH FURTHER SPINS OF THE RECORD  OTHER SONGS JUMP OUT AT YOU . AT ONE POINT OR ANOTHER FIFTEEN DIFFERENT  SONGS HAVE TAKEN THEIR TURNS AS MY FAVORITE TRACK.  THIS ALBUM IS NOT ONLY  A MONUMENT TO ELTON'S CAREER BUT TO THE FIELDS OF POP AND ROCK MUSIC.
B00000JTB2|5.0|I've been an SRV fan for many years.. he was the best live show I've ever seen.  This album is blues guitar like you won't hear on many albums.  It takes a few listens to pick out who is playing because their styles are  fairly similar.  If you're not a guitar fan, don't waste your money because  you will be inundated with awesome blues guitar licks on this one!
0671578278|5.0|I love this series, but this is the first time I laughed out loud while reading about Miles (at the dinner party).  Start with&quot;Cordelia's Honor&quot; and then read all the Miles books. My husband just did (after  my burst of laughter during the news one nite) and now I have him hooked on  the Honor Harrington series.
0440234743|3.0|The Testament starts off real good,but seems to go down hill from there. Its almost as if he started off writing one story,then changed his mind halfway through.He doesnt develop enough of his charactors,as soon as you  get into one charactor the book completely changes pace,and turns into an  almost completely different story. His other books are much better (The  Runaway Jury, Pelican Brief, The Firm).
6302250269|5.0|For all the guys out there who felt the this was a 'male bashing' movie I say wake up and begin to realize that your reality is not necessarily a female's reality.  There are indeed men out there who display the same  disrespect and inconsideration for women as is portrayed in the film.  The  same can be said for 'The Color Purple'.  Another absolutely fabulous  film.<br />But for all you ladies out there who are steady screamin' 'You go  boy' I would say that you have to be willing to accept responsibility for  the choices that you make.  Like who you decide to date and marry for  example.  No one is responsible for those poor choices other than the  individuals who make them.  (Women) <br />That being said however, the film  depicts, what I believe as a male is, a very unfavorable reality for many  women in our society today.  Disrespect for women as people, potential of  attack, restriction of expression, the list goes on and on.  Once again,  none of that is any excuse for suffering the consequences of the bad  choices that we make as individuals.  In short, our society does much to  devalue, exploit, and subjegate women.  But at the same time if you date or  marry a jerk and you end up being mistreated then that responsibility is  yours and yours alone if you decide to put up with that type of behavior.   For that I have no sympathy.<br />To all the guys out there I say 'We owe it  to ourselves and the women who love us and treat us like Kings to treat  them far far better than we do.'<br />To the women I say &quot;Quit cryin' and  begin to take responsibility for your own lives&quot;
B000002GLE|5.0|5 stars all right, but STING NEVER PLAYS THE BASS ON THIS RELEASE.<br />He sings and plays the rhrythm guitar. <br />THe Bass is played (beautifully)by Darryl Jones, who plays with the Rolling Stones today, (but this is no big  news).
0446677450|5.0|While there are many books on the market for personal finance and establishing wealth, none have put the simplistic and yet powerful spin on how the wealthy view money and opportunity like Robert Kiyosaki  has.<br />Robert Kiyosaki contrasts lessons he learned from his father (poor  dad) and his best friend's father (rich dad) from the time he was 9 years  old.  Since these first instructions to building wealth and becoming rich  were introduced in a way a child could understand, the principles are  easily digested. What blows you away is the awesome strength of age-old  wisdom that is belied by the child-like teachings.  The wisdom is cast like  seeds on a desert when it is viewed by those who are too prideful and  &quot;educated&quot; to admit where they are wrong.  If you have desire to  learn what was not taught in school, then this book is for you.<br />I have  read a review that comments on how Robert failed to mention that 4 out of 5  businesses fail in their first 3 years.  But what the reviewer failed to  mention is that 95% of those who do fail do so out of &quot;financial  illiteracy&quot;. In other words, if you go into business to, &quot;make  more money&quot; and fail to understand the true difference between assets  and liabilities, then you have failed from the get-go.  As Robert explains  in this book, there is more to money than the &quot;job mentality&quot; of  work and receive, pay bills and survive.<br />In conclusion, while there are  some great books out there that will take you through the nooks and  crannies of financial intelligence, you must read this one first.  You will  then have the proper mindset to truly understand the power in the others.
B000005H4H|5.0|5 stars for sure. A whimsical journey of gorgeous music.  Let's not underrate this fabulous composer. Buy it and you'll know who's right.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I'll admit I haven't been keeping up with Pearl Jam lately. The last album of theirs I bought was the brilliant &quot;Vitalogy&quot; nearly six years ago. So I figured I'd see where they're currently heading before treading  back to &quot;No Code&quot; and &quot;Yield&quot;. Boy am I glad I did.  This album reflects an evolution  - there are new directions here - while  maintaining consistency. You can hear glimmers of classic PJ (to me,  &quot;classic PJ&quot; is anything off of &quot;Ten&quot; or  &quot;Vs&quot;). And I disagree with some of the other reviewers that the  songs aren't &quot;sticky&quot;. After only 2 days I can't get &quot;Light  Years&quot; out of my head - I hum it in the office and annoy my co-workers  (had the same problem with &quot;elderlywomanbehindthecounter...&quot; off  &quot;Vs&quot;). And when &quot;Insignificance&quot; comes on, well it's  time to crank it up. But the real gem here is Eddie's whimsically dark  &quot;Soon Forget&quot; - a lesson learned, if nothing else. If you like  well-structured rock, with thought-provoking lyics, definately check this  one out.
0312932081|4.0|This book has become sort of a conversation piece among readers.  The most important thing about it is that it exposes what people like and don't like about books.   Don't go in expecting the Great American Novel.  This is a  science fiction story about a very gifted boy who is asked to do too much.   It's not War and Peace, and if you expect it to be, you'll be sorely  dissapointed.   However, this is a book worth reading.  First, it's a good  story.  Plenty of action, lots of fun, and a good sprinkling of family  issues.  It brings up important issues regarding government and war.   In  summary, if you can go in and just enjoy the book, do so.  If you can't  keep yourself from (over)analyzing it (and many people can't..there's  nothing wrong with that), then skip it; it's not for you.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem comes very good on this album.  When I first heard &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; I was so mad.  I was worried the whole album was gonna be like that.. its not.   From the first track &quot;Kill You,&quot; until  &quot;Criminal,&quot; Eminem gives off very good lyrics.  The best tracks  in my opinion are &quot;Stan,&quot; &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; amd  &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;.  But the rest of the album is very good also.
0156528207|5.0|I have nothing to say except for the fact that this is THE MOST BEAUTFUL BOOK I ever read. I don't particularly like this book being categorised as a children's book because that would take away so much from it. I first  read an excerpt from this book in my English text book in 7th grade but I  have got myself a copy &amp; read the book only now at age 18 and I think  this is the kind of book that I'll keep coming back to over the years to  remind me that what is actually beautiful is invisible......and lots more  that one forgets as one gets older.........
B000001Y79|5.0|No Doubt's album, Tragic Kingdom, is perfect for any mood. Also all of there songs give you something to think about. For example,the song &quot;Happy Now?&quot; makes you think about how delecate a relationship  is. It's three major hits, &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just A Girl&quot;,  and &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, are not the only great songs. Tragic to me is  not a take off on Disney Land's Magic Kingdom. I think that it is about  what world can seem like when nothing going right. The way No Doubt mixes  all types of music makes them undoubtbly the best band in the world!
B000006I0N|5.0|This is an amazing movie.  It deals with a child killer in Germany circa 1935 and the attempts by all people from all walks of life to find the murderer.  Peter Lorre is wonderful in the role that brought him to  Hollywood.  I highly urge everyone to see this movie-you won't be  disappointed.
B000003C2U|5.0|this cd rocks.The whole cd is a non stop thrash fest.The riffs are in the slayer vain and their are iron maidenesqe harmonies.chucks voice is very raw but not muddy like deicide.flattening of emotions,suicide machine and  lack of comprehension are my piicks.
630027179X|5.0|After watching this movie many years ago I was awestruck by it.  Wonderful acting, brilliant action and storylines, and beautiful locales make this movie a must-see.  Do yourself a favor and at least rent it.
B00004T0P1|5.0|&quot;Dinosaur&quot; wasn't much of a movie, but the score was well worth the ticket. James Newton Howard packs enough emotion into his score that it's quite a surprise that it's meant to accompany such an emotionless  film.
B00004T9UF|4.0|it's true that this isn't the Slim Shady EP dark joy-ride.  however, it is a good 2nd offering, and it would take a miracle indeed to live up to his debut album.  he isn't producing albums with the intent of pleasing his  fans, and if you listen to it for the venting and production that it is, i  think fans of his previous album will be pleased.
079070546X|5.0|The Griswold family is set to celebrate the holidays like never before, in \\"National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation,\\" directed by Jeremiah S. Chechik and written by John Hughes.  Clark Griswold (Chevy Chase) has decided to  have a traditional, old-fashioned family Christmas, and has invited his  parents and in-laws to stay with them through the season.  He has a  surprise he wants to share with everyone this year; with his Christmas  bonus from work, he's putting in a pool, to which he's already committed  the down-payment money (so the bonus had better come through, big time, or  he's \\"in it up to here\\").  To kick off the season, he takes Ellen (Beverly  D'Angelo) and the kids, Audrey (Juliette Lewis) and Rusty (Johnny Galecki)  to the mountains to find the perfect \\"Griswold family Christmas tree.  And  it's only the first of one hilarious scene after another, as we follow  Clark and clan through one long laugh-fest, filled with surprises and fun.   Chase is at his best here, in the most enduring (and endearing) character  he's ever done; Clark the Everyman, who only wants the best things for his  family and himself, but whose plans more often than not go awry, doomed to  fall just short of realization.  When he decorates the outside of the  house, he uses 25,000 twinkle lights; they use enough juice to black-out an  entire neighborhood, and they do (once he can get them to work).  Then when  cousin Eddie (Randy Quaid) and cousin Catherine (Miriam Flynn) show up  unexpectedly in the \\"RV\\" they now call home, Eddie asks Clark if he's  surprised to see him.  Surprised?  Eddie is the last person on earth Clark  expected, or wanted, to see.  \\"Eddie,\\" he tells him, \\"I couldn't be more  surprised if I woke up tomorrow morning with my head sewn to the carpet.\\"   Another memorable scene involves a wild squirrel who came in with the  Christmas tree and proceeds to make his appearance during dinner, only to  provoke a wild romp upstairs and down as they all pursue (and in somecases  try to elude) the deadly invader.  A terrific cast was assembled for  this movie, but Quaid is the stand-out, and he perfects the Eddie character  in this one; forever the lamebrain with the big heart, and the one who  takes the situation in hand when Clark's bonus turns out to be an  enrollment in a jelly-of-the-month club.  Clark's parents are played by  Diane Ladd (Nora) and John Randolph (Clark, Sr.), and Ellen's by Doris  Roberts (Frances) and E.G. Marshall (Art).  Other notable performances are  turned in by Julia Louis-Dreyfus (Margo) and Nicholas Guest (Todd), as  Clark's yuppie next door neighbors, and also by William Hickey (Uncle  Lewis) and Mae Questel (Aunt Bethany).  Rounding out the supporting cast  are Nicolette Scorsese (Mary), Cody Burger (Rocky), Ellen Hamilton Latzen  (Ruby Sue) and Brian Doyle-Murray (Frank Shirley).  \\"National Lampoon's  Christmas Vacation\\" is timeless comedy, a must for every video collection.   It can be watched over and over again, and the humor stays fresh while the  laughs get even bigger.  There's a little bit of every family in here, and  this movie may be just the tonic you'll need some day to get you through  your own \\"special\\" holiday season.
B00004TWZG|5.0|I've always loved this movie (as well as most movies by Luc Besson) since  I saw it back in '93. And then in '97 I got the extended version, and it  just got better!<br />Some of the extra scenes are very good, but the one most  memorable scene between Mathilda (Portman) and Leon (Reno)... you'll know  which one when you've seen it... really makes this version well worth the  price, even if you already had the original one.
B000002AS3|5.0|This album, I believe is the best by Oasis.  It is raw and more &quot;down to earth&quot; in the way it details the plights of the young 'everyman'.  I wasn't an Oasis fan before I heard this, but after hearing it I realized  they were the group that wrote and sang some of the songs I loved in 94,  and still do now. &quot;Live Forever&quot; is probably one of the best  songs I've ever heard; it's got everything.  Other fantastic tracks are  &quot;Shakermaker&quot;, which is a bit less cutting, but great, and  &quot;Supersonic&quot;, which right from the opening line (&quot;I need to  be myself&quot;), shows its full of youth discontent and arrogance.  These  are the stand-outs, yet there are other great songs like, &quot;Slide  Away&quot;, and the sort of ballad by Noel &quot;Married With  Children&quot;, &quot;Rock and Roll Star&quot;, and &quot;Cigarrettes and  Alcohol&quot; are superb.  There truly is not a bad track on the album.    This is the best Oasis album, with &quot;What the Story....&quot; getting  more of the press, but this one is true Oasis. Their arrogance and energy  are truly apparent with this one. I definitely recommend it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is a great album for an afternoon on your own.  I particularly like All You Want and Don't Think of Me.  Two very great tracks.
B00000INEX|5.0|Daddy is a professional guitar player.   He can play Bach on his guitar, but not Mozart - at least he doesn't try, and I haven't found a Fingerpicking Mozart book for him.  Anyway, our son loves this video more  than Mozart and Einstein - probably because he recognizes the Minuet in G  and Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring selections that his Daddy plays to him on  the guitar.  <br />As for the creator's daughters appearing in this video more  than the others, well our son loves those parts.  He laughs and shrieks  with joy when he see them.  He also talks to them - he started doing this  as soon as he could make noises.  He is a bit of a flirt...  If the creator  had a son, I'm pretty sure you would see him on her videos.<br />Our son also  seems to prefer the visuals in this one, at least he watches them more.  I  guess the images are more of a psychadelic nature - they are mesmerizing,  which suits him just fine.  It's also one of the few videos he doesn't fall  asleep on, Einstein knocks him out every time.
B000008GAC|1.0|Ok this cd is still gnr but without all the words and riffs it's not nearly as good. Buy the origanal not this. It's much better and cheaper to.
B000002HGD|3.0|I bought this Cd because I read that it was one of the best of 1995.  Well, I didn't see anything really great about it.  I really didn't listen to it that much after buying it and I listen to it less now.  However a few  tracks stand out in my mind &quot;Hymn&quot;, &quot;First Cool Hive&quot;  and &quot;Anthem&quot;.  The others are nothing spectacular.
B00000253N|5.0|That title works so much better with a British accent..Anyways, after much deliberation and long blank stares at my computer screen, I decided to review this album. What was my dilemma? So many fabulous albums by this  wonderful songwriter..and oh yes, singer. <br />My advice to anyone who is  contemplating getting an album of Dylan's (don't know where to start?) to  purchase this one. It is very mellow and will give you the much needed  insight into this founding father of modern rock. If you like this then  work back collecting other essential recordings such as 'Blonde on  Blonde'..'Bringing It All Back Home' or his Greatest Hits. A word of advice  though, skip over his 80's period..trust me. (nothing to look at here  folks..let's keep it movin'.. curb that rubber-necking.) Yeah, it's that  bad. <br />Fortunately for us, he has created a very balanced and  introspective album with 'Blood On The Tracks.'  I hope this album will  lead to more fans of this great artist.
0140288503|4.0|Fascinating account of an incredible ordeal that only got a few minutes of airtime here in insular America. It shows the true measure of the demands that our government puts on our soldiers, putting their lives in jeopardy  for what are sometimes nebulous or even contradictory political goals.  However, this book is by no means liberal propaganda, nor is it targeted  against the administration of the time. It is about the other end of the  spectrum of political power, and it makes heroes of young men who follow  the orders from on high. The author does a nice job of accounting the  events, letting them speak for themselves, with a minimum of opinionating  or subjective interpretation.Bowden has certainly done his homework on this  one.
006016848X|5.0|This book was delightful as well as enlightening.  It is an excellent guide for both men and women.  It is a book about recognizing the differences between you and your spouse and what that means.  It is  extremely helpful in dealing with these differences.  He uses humor and  great examples to illustrate his insights.  It helped me to understand my  husband much better.  However, I find that I am due for a tune up and I  will have to read the book again to fine tune some of the wonderful skills  he presents in this book.  Good Luck,  I'm sure if you read this book you  will laugh and breathe a sigh of relief.  A wonderful relationship is  possible!
B000002H33|5.0|If you think of Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock when you think ofmetal, 10 seconds of this album will blow you away so hard you'llforget where you are.  These are quick idaes about what these songs are like.  Battery-Thrash-metal at its best.  Very bleak and unmature, but this song is quite literally like a bomb waiting to go off. Master of Puppets-Very unique song about drugs.  it's definitly longer than necesary, fast, intruiging, rarely boring, and all in all just a kick-ass song. Thing that should Not Be-A very creepy song that sounds sort of like KORN in my mind.  Very original. Sanitarium-Like all of Metallica's slow songs, this song brilliantly displays Hetfields's vocal talent that isn't noticed in other songs.  Again, brilliant lyrics, VERY ORIGINAL. Disposable Heroes-THE BEST GODDAMN METALLICA SONG OF ALL TIME_EVER!  (well, at leats I think it probably is) The lyrics THIS time are unmatched by just about any other song there is, and it keeps you blown away the whole 8 minutes. Leper Messiah-Pretty decent, has all the qualities of a good Metallica song. I don't like the last two songs too much, but all in all this is easily a must have for ALL rock-lovers.
B000002BUY|5.0|i got this cd about a week ago after it had been suggested tome by a friend.  i didn't think it'd be that good, i hadn't even  heard incubus before.  i thought they were some heavy speed-metal band or  something.  i was wrong.  this cd is one of the most diverse ever.  the  guitar work by Mike Einzinger ranks among the likes of Tom Morello, and he  sounds a little like Tim Mahoney of 311.  the scratches by DJ Lyfe are  phat.  he uses all these funky interludes and stuff that really give flavor  to the cd.  the drums and bass are fresh and funky as hell, especially the  slap stuff.  the lyrical content on the cd is good too.  it's not as angry  as Rage but not as aboutnothing as 311.  Brandon Boyd is an awesome singer,  no doubt.  the 11 minutes of hidden track are cool, especially the  &quot;all fancy all crazy part&quot;.  ok so basically this album is the  shiznit so go and get it.
B000002KCC|5.0|Please Take My Advice...To truly understand the brilliance of Neil Young,take a listen to this brilliantly, uncompromising piece of work.Tonight's The Night is the most brutal look at excess and its  consequences.The heavy-lidded,lethargic feel is no act.After the drug  induced deaths of two friends,this music was at the same time both a  mourning as well as an outlet.The album plays like a raw pulse which  struggles to stay alive,yet won't die.The title tracks(!)play like an after  hours lament,and Borrowed Tune sounds elegently wasted.Tired Eyes is the  centerpiece,reminding us of the consequences that goes with associating  with drugs.Even the lighter moments(Mellow My Mind,New Mama)plays like the  mood is somber.If you like Harvest and don't like TTN,it shows you don't  fully understand Neil Young.And like many dark pieces,you may not like  it,but you won't ignore it.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I read about this CD in the Christian magazine Breakaway. It sounded pretty good but I didn't want to buy it yet. Then I heard &quot;Higher&quot; and I knew I had to get it. My expectations were fairly  high for this CD. But this disc more than met my expectations. The rest of  songs make &quot;Higher&quot; seem boring. There's not one weak track. And  unlike other CDs this one has more than no or a little meaning. It's full  of meaning. So you can listen to someone singing about doing everything for  the &quot;nookie&quot; or breaking things, or you can listen to Creed.  Their music is just as good and their lyrics are 10 times better.
B00003CWNR|4.0|A very good peice of filmmaking, filled with wonderful cinematography and superb performances.  Maguire once again proves that he is one of the most talented actors of his generation.  Caine is superb as Dr. Larch, however I  was not dissapointed with the Academy's decision for best picture.  Cider  House was a truly good film, but I wasn't as impressed as I was with Mr.  Mendes' film.  I liked this movie very much, but as for saying,&quot;It  should have won best picture&quot; I strongly disagree.  American Beauty  was the first best picture winner, since Schindler's list, that I have  agreed with the Academy.
B0000062S0|3.0|Not bad! This album was created one more time by ex Led Zep Pilots: Plant/page....When the world was young is my fave one! Most high is cool! Musical ensemble with orientalisic musical sound. But NO QUARTER album is  still much better
0140177396|5.0|I am a teenager and I love Of Mice and Men.  In a English class of today you are bombarded with feminst literature and other works that you become satiated with this genre.  It is a breath of fresh air to get a novel about  male bonding and the trials and tribulations of farm workers of that time.   Steinbeck adds a hint of a Shakespearen Tragedy to this masterpiece which  puts it in the category of great classics to be cherished forever.  This  novel is a must read and you will enjoy it for years to come.  I will end  this with a final thought.  It is very short and it can be read in a day  and is good to use if you have procastinated on a book report. :-)
B00004TH7Z|1.0|What is with Iron Maiden?  All they're songs sound the same and all are obnoxious!  --Yanni  (PS - Britney Spears 4 Ever!)
B00004TH83|5.0|Lara Fabian's first English album is amazing! All of the tracks in the album have the potential to become huge hits.I have been listening to that CD everyday, since December'99 as it was released earlier in my country.  Her talent should be admired because she has an unbelievable voice, and a  great song writer. My favorites are : &quot;I am who I am&quot;,  &quot;Adagio&quot;, &quot;Part of me&quot;, &quot;You're not from  here&quot;, &quot;I will love again&quot;, &quot;Till i get over you&quot;,  &quot;To love again&quot;(Si tu m'aimes)....All of the songs are very  strong in feelings.It's worth to buy this album, because it will be a part  of your life in the following years.
B000001GQB|5.0|Given that these performance were originaly recorded in the 1960s, as part of the first ever complete survey in stereo of the Mozart symphonies, and the proliferation of alternate choices on both period and modern  instruments, it would be easy indeed to pass this issue over as being  outdated or even irrelevant. I think that would be a poor decision. The  digital remastering has produced a considerable improvement over the  original LPs and the performances have lost none of their vitality,  rhythmic pointing, or precision in the playing of the Berlin Philharmonic.  Although Bohm was a veteran conductor the tempi do not convey any loss of  energy or enthusiasm. The Haffner, Linz and Jupiter symphonies are  particularly successful. In comparison to Karajan's survey with the same  orchestra and recording company, these performances do not have quite the  same &quot;big band&quot; sound and are perhaps more classical in feeling -  which is hardly a disadvantage. The Mackerras, Marriner and Levine sets are  excellent too and choosing a winner among them is a judgment call.  Nonetheless, anyone who enjoys this music on modern instruments will not be  dissapointed with Bohm. The documentation is excellent too. Recommended.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem has come again with his strange style of issues.   Some may not like him, but he has brought a new style to the rap game.  Not the same issues everyone talks about, cars, money, etc.  He comes with a kind of  humor, but still respected...
0812589041|2.0|Like many of you out there I bought this book because of the amout of 5 star rating's it got. However, I believe that the reason why there are so many is because of the fact that most people surfing the net are of a young  age. The main theme in Ender's Game is that you should always stand up to  bullies and resent athoritiy. That is what Ender deals with time and time  again. He's tough and stands up for himself and the young reader's go wild.  If you have matured enough to not let bullies bother you anymore then you  have no reason to read this book because the rest of the story is just  average at best. Card is an easy writer, but not in a good way. He lack any  real creativity in his style. He just blurrs through things as if the  english language is a burden to the telling of his story. He lack elegance  or grace. Now I am not a great writer, but I know when I am reading one  like George Orwell for example. You can tell that Card really wanted to  tell this story and does so with passion and conviction. His later books  have had poor reviews because he does not have a burning story to tell. In  addition, his poor writing style makes his stories even less pleasurable to  read. Card does present an important issue in the end about the war, which  I have noticed many of you young reviews did not understand and felt it was  not related to the rest of the book. Probably because Ender was not  fighting bullies anymore.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney's new album, &quot;Oops!  I DId It Again,&quot; is a great pop album.  Britney's album actually sounds a little like the Backstreet Boy's album, which is probably because they share some of the same songwriters.   All of her songs are very good, and they're much more mature than those on  her first album, &quot;Baby One More Time.&quot;  (There is even a song  that Britney wrote herself, and another song that has an R&amp;B type of  feel) Britney also has better ballads on her second album, and shows more  vocal range.  My favorite songs on the album would have to be  &quot;Lucky,&quot; (very original song), &quot;Can't Make You Love  Me,&quot; &quot;Stronger,&quot; and &quot;(I Can't Get No)  Satisfaction.&quot;  This album will be great for those who love pop music,  and tops her first ablum by far.
B00004T9UF|4.0|a great follow up album, not quite the masterpiece of the slim shday LP but a quality album for all eminem fans to purchase. cuts like stan and marshall mathers are genius. we can only wonder if marshall mathers was  left to produce an entire album on his own, forgetting the image that has  been created for him, and focusing simply on lyrics and beats alone, what  he may be capible of...
158234082X|2.0|As a (retired) chef I am not shocked nor scandalized as so manyreviewers apparently are about the inner workings of professionalkitchens.  If that is why you want to read the book, you will receive a little titillation and learn that, yes, some kitchens are dirty and that, yes, some restaurants sell bad food at high prices to people who do not know any better. This book is, however, not particularly well-written nor well organized. The too few chapters which actually deal with cooking and behind the scene restaurant matters are fine, if a bit overwraught with expletives and sexual themes.  There are a few words on knives and kitchen equipment and what it can be like cooking three hundred meals a night.  The remainder - which unfortunately for me felt like the bulk - of the book concerns the author's involvement with drugs and a few sketches of people he worked with, some anonymously described.<br />Mr. Bourdain may be a fine chef.  He could have benefited from an editor who could help him tell his tale, and perhaps also caught the several typos sprinkled throughout the text.
6304383827|1.0|This is a sad, sad version of a beloved story. <br />Even Gwyneth Paltrow's excellent proformance can not save this film. The screenplay was horrible, Northam as Knighley laughable and the hair very incorrect. It does not have  that timeless quality a Jane Austen classic deserves. In 10 years it will  be dated as a 1990's studio formula film. <br />While it does have some funny  and entertaining parts (also the costumes ARE good) it simply doesn't do  justice to the book or the charaters. Too long on farce and too short on  charm. <br />If you want to see a good, believeable version watch the A&amp;E  Emma (1996 with Kate Beckinsale). Don't bother with this one.
B00000J7J4|5.0|In the late '60s I had the pleasure of Santana live at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco. The music (and the experience) was latin/rock/spiritual and &quot;inclusive&quot;.  With this album, Santana  continues to evolve musically.  While all cuts on Supernatural have a latin  origin and beat, many move away from center and closer to rock, hip hop,  rap etc.  I love the fact that Santana includes and fuses new sounds with  more familiar ones.  Listening to Supernatural takes me back to a time and  place that was so &quot;Smooth&quot;...
158234082X|5.0|After hearing his interview on NPR, I ordered Tony's book and had a smile on my face the entire time I read it!  For the amatuer chefs at home, it will give you a glimpse into the mechanics of a resturant--and as a bonus,  Tony also throws us some tricks of the trade.  If you love food and take  your cooking seriously, buy this book!
B00001NFCY|1.0|Their first album was far more tollerable for one simple reason: it was new. Human Clay is what I call &quot;recycled music&quot;. Why? Simple. Creed's new cd offers nothing new and basically stuffs old riffs back into  songs with new lyrics. So that's why I loath this this album.
B00000BKDV|5.0|I started out as a wee laddie with glam metal, Poison and Ratt with the occasional healthy dash of the Scorpions were my standards. I used to always turn the channel in disgust when &quot;Flight of Icarus&quot; came  on Headbanger's Ball. Who were these ugly louts, what with their drunken  antics? And where were the sleazy lyrics about banging chicks and the  ultra-permed hair? They kind of frightened me. <br />But stay the hell away  from my shameful past and Dokken vinyl and let the Irons give you the  lesson in what the true spirit of heavy metal is. _Somewhere In Time_ gave  me the slap in the face that I needed - cause in the 80s, if you played  guitar, you simply had to try to play the beginning to &quot;Wasted  Years&quot;. (Its required, I think, kinda like wandering into a guitar  shop and hearing some newbie trying &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; or  &quot;One&quot;).   But those of the uninitiated, this should be your  starting point.  The songwriting on this album is amazing, you have the  traditional Maiden epic glory metal with &quot;Where Eagles Dare&quot; and  &quot;Flight of Icarus&quot; and ESPECIALLY the Maiden standard &quot;The  Trooper&quot; with its classic Steve Harris galloping bass line, but then  you get the additional prog-metal perks of &quot;Revelations&quot;, and the  almost pop-like hook-heavy &quot;Sun and Steel&quot; with some fantastic  vocal harmonies by Bruce. Oh yeah, and an evil-sounding backwards message  in front of &quot;Quest For Fire&quot; to boot! But the swirling, hypnotic  &quot;To Tame a Land&quot; is my personal favorite, I have no idea why,  because I always smirk when I hear Bruce trying to sing about the Kwizatz  Haderach and how he has to get the Gom Jabbar. Call it a silly sentimental  favorite. Balls out and devoid of filler, one of the best metal albums the  Irons made, and one of the best EVER made. Period.
B000002I99|4.0|Welcome to my Nightmare gives us some of the best from both musician Alice Cooper and producer Bob Ezrin (Kiss, Peter Gabriel, numerous bad Pink Floyd albums).  This brilliantly produced and engineered album features the work  of a room or two full of the finest studio musicians, and also has some of  the creepiest lyrics you'll ever hear.<br />Creepy, yes, but it's all in good  fun.  How else can you explain how I was first introduced to this album?   That's right, I saw Alice Cooper sing &quot;Welcome to my Nightmare&quot;  on the Muppet Show, and was hooked right there.  When you listen to the  album, don't take it too seriously.  (Did ANYONE really believe anyone in  Kiss was from outer space or that AC/DC was made up of Statan worshipers?)   While you're at it, imagine how much more fun it might be in concert.  Ah,  the '70s!
B00003CXDU|5.0|Confession: I'm what you'd call a &quot;soft&quot; Trekkie. I've never been to a Trekkie Convention or donned Spock ears but I'm versed enough in all the original series episodes to know that if you see kids in the first  scene, you'd better switch the channel. So, when the rave reviews for  GALAXY QUEST began to appear hailing the flick as a hilarious send-up of  STAR TREK, you know I just had to check it out. Well, I'm glad I did 'cause  this one's definitely a winner and a keeper!<br />To begin with, the film's  writers are familiar enough with the STAR TREK universe to whip out some  well-aimed satirical phaser blasts. The thinly-veiled jabs at William  Shatner (the ham everyone loves to peck at)-- and his often rocky relations  with the rest of the STAR TREK cast (read their books)-- are witty and  on-target but not mean-spirited. Likewise, their take on the die-hard  Trekkies-- who have been mercilessly lampooned on everything from SATURDAY  NIGHT LIVE to THE SIMPSONS-- is hysterical without being nasty. I could go  on and on, but I think you get the point.<br />STAR TREK spoofing aside,  GALAXY QUEST has all the essential ingredients of a truly enjoyable sci-fi  film: great character development; a script that really, really works; and  very cool effects. And it's a laugh-riot too! Whoa, what a concept...<br />Hey, George Lucas, maybe you should check this one out. Who knows... you  might get a few good ideas for STAR WARS II.
B000002C1V|5.0|Este disco es uno de los mejores que he escuchado, la primera vez que lo escuche sencillamente no poda creer el egosmo que demostro Roger Waters al no contar con un tecladista como Wright,y al poner a Gilmour a cantar  solo una cancion.Para mi concepto basicamente es un disco en solitario de  Waters con una pequea colaboracin de Gilmour y Mason.Waters realmente  rompio la armonia que se tena en el grupo,l fue el unico culpable de eso.  Pero a pesar de eso es un gran disco que desde &quot;The post war  dream&quot; nos recuerda un poco a &quot;The Wall&quot; (por lo del sonido  del televisor),una cancin simplemente genial es &quot;The Gunners  Dream&quot;,pero personalmente me atrae mucho &quot;paranoid eyes&quot;.  &quot;The fletcher memorial home&quot; es una cancion que realmente hace  pensar en el destino que deberian tener todos los mandatarios corruptos del  mundo,atormentados vez tras vez viendo sus errores en  un circuito cerrado  de television y aislados del mundo real. &quot;southampton dock&quot; es  una cancion que simplemente es increible.La mejor cancio sin duda es  &quot;The Final Cut&quot; habla del soldado que est luchando en la guerra  y libra dos batallas:con el enemigo y consigo mismo. &quot;Not now  John&quot; es la unica cancion donde canta Gilmour es una cancion con mucha  energia y dinamismo &quot;Two suns in the sunset&quot; es la segunda mejor  cancion del disco,describe la frustracion del soldado que siente que su  lucha ha sido en vano,ya que ha matado en nombre de la paz. Si quieren  escuchar buena musica y son superfanaticos de Waters este es su disco.  Lamentablemente la salida de Waters lo unico que hizo fue matar el sonido  del viejo Floyd
B0000073PU|4.0|The first CD is &quot;Bollocks&quot; in all it's snotty glory, still  raging like a tornado that's just demolished a hardware store.<br />The second  CD are a series of demos for the first album, including three recorded (as   I understand it ) with Chris Spedding on guitar.  Nice to have and all,  but  hardly essential.  <br />For completists only.
B000002579|4.0|Kansas occupies a peculiar niche in history of 1970s rock.  Leftoverture illustrates well the band's strengths and weaknesses.<br />Neither progressive rock, nor arena rock, nor Southern rock, nor fusion, Kansas was a little of  all the above.  For a number of fans, it was a perfect mixture.  For other  potential fans (myself included), everything that I liked about Kansas I  thought was done better by some other group.  Probably the closest to  Kansas in spirit at the time were Jethro Tull, Supertramp, and Rush.  You  might also compare Kansas to Styx and Boston.  If you like some or all of  the above, you'll probably get along well with Kansas.<br />Kansas definitely  had its own stereotypical sounds.  The unison guitar-violin-organ  &quot;solo&quot; for one.  Leftoverture has a lot of good musicianship on  it, but not much variation in texture.  It sounds like many tunes are  played with the same settings on the same instruments.  (Especially that  dang organ.)<br />This is a problem for a CD listener but would not have been  a problem for a Kansas fan in an arena.  The group's roots were in live  performance (they were a bar band, basically) and I wonder if their first  few albums (Leftoverture especially) sound a bit flat because the group was  used to communicating with their audience through aspects of their  performance OTHER than the music.  Unfortunately, a tidy performance in a  studio doesn't necessarily bottle the essence of a complete performance.   It's the job of the producer/engineer team to bring out that  &quot;essence,&quot; and that, if anything, is where I think the major  failing is in this album.<br />Nonetheless, Leftoverture is a significant  landmark on a journey through 1970s rock.  If you enjoy &quot;Carry on My  Wayward Son&quot; and have a taste for progressive rock (or even jazz  fusion) you'll benefit from owning this album.
0767824571|4.0|This movie has, hands-down, some of the funniest scenes in comedy history.   The Black Knight, the wedding in the swamp, the Killer Rabbit, the Knights  Who Say, &quot;Ni!&quot;...too many priceless moments to count, all of  which make MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL a comedy classic.  So why the  four-star review?  Because, unfortunately, for every inspired moment  there's a dull one, a lame stab at humor that doesn't pay off.  First-time  audiences might be laughing too hard to notice, but repeat viewings just  don't hold up--quite frankly, this movie is downright boring in some  places.  Feel free to watch it with a big group of friends (the opening  credits alone will bring down the house), but don't expect an unbroken  stream of laughter.  I'm still giving it a strong recommendation because  the best sequences in this movie are so damn hilarious that they're well  worth enduring the flaws.
B0000025RI|5.0|If you haven't heard this album...where have you been?  This is probably one of the best albums made of all time...It has the complete spectrum of musical styles...from romantic ballads to relaxing favorites to dance hits  you can't help but move to...All these songs are the cornerstones of the  hits today.
079215228X|5.0|A CLASSIC film.  One of my top ten of all time.  I usually don't watch movies because most do not capture my attention, but when Sam dies and comes back, that CAPTURED MY ATTENTION.  MUST, MUST COME OUT ON DVD.   PLEASE, PLEASE.  I would definitely buy and put it in my collection.
B000002JS0|4.0|THE BAND: Bon Scott (vocals), Angus Young (guitar), Malcolm Young (guitar), Mark Evans (bass), Phil Rudd (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1976) 9 songs clocking in at approximately 44 minutes. This digitally remastered tri-fold released in 2003. Included with the disc is a 14-page booklet containing a short history of the band and what they were going through at the time of this release, many band pictures, song credits (no lyrics), and thank you's. All songs written by Scott/Young/Young. Recorded at Albert Studios in Sydney, Australia. Originally released by Atlantic Records, this 2003 version is on the Sony label.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Some early classic AC/DC on this vintage album. \\"It's A Long Way To The Top\\", \\"TNT\\", \\"High Voltage\\", \\"Live Wire\\", and the bluesy \\"Little Girl\\" and \\"The Jack\\"... are all essential in my book. While the song writing may not have been graded an \\"A\\" all the way through, the band was finding its roots... and you could hear and feel the greatness coming. The band was also putting in their dues with constant touring... \\"Sheer volume and intensity was a trademark of their shows.\\" According to the CD booklet, Rolling Stone Magazine labeled the the album and the band at an all-time low. I simply don't understand this statement. While \\"High Voltage\\" may not be in my top 3 favorite AC/DC discs, it's still essential in my music library. Great disc.
B00003CX6P|5.0|I have to say that this was certainly one of the best films this past  year, deserving of Oscar nominations for Picture, Director, Actor and  Supporting Actress (or Actresses).<br />This was pure unadulterated  storytelling.  And it was very refreshing to see a movie that was layered.   It is very different in the sense that nothing is ever in your face.  Films  nowadays tend to tell us what we are or what we do wrong too blatantly.   And the key to this movie lies in its subtlety.   <br />And this was one of  the finer ensemble pieces, much like Shakespeare in Love.  Everyone played  their part well.  Gwyneth was good, maybe not spectacular but good,  grounded, solid acting.  Cate Blanchett, for some reason, I found  mesmerizing.  In a few scenes in the entire film she manages to do  extremely beautifully.  Philip Seymour Hoffman, a highly underatted actor,  provides more that able acting support.  Jude Law occupies his role with  great aplomb and just runs with it.  And of course Matt Damon.  I had my  doubts about Matt Damon playing some demented psychopath, but he more than  pulled it off.  He actually did very well.<br />Anthony Minghella is one of  the finer directors of this time.  He seems to have a single minded vision  of what he wants to achieve and really goes for it.  As with The English  Patient, he goes to greath lenghts to tell this story right.  And he does  so brilliantly.  Everything was very well done, evrything was appropriate  and in order.  Everything weas good.<br />Congratulations to this film and all  those who made it.  It was worthwhile.  I told a story without sticking it  up peoples faces.
6303148352|4.0|Jurassic Park is a great, thoughtful, imaginitive, and fun movie. It has a great plot. I remember the super hype in summer 1993 over this movie. It was great to see theatres, twice! I would also reccomend the book. The film  is about a wealthy man who starts up a real life dinosaur park. He finds  left over dna of the creatures in mosquitos preserved in tree sap. He  genetically engineers them and places them in a park. But after he invites  a special team to sample the park something goes bad. This movie has great  effects and music. Also a wonderful cast including Sam Neil, Laura Dern,  Jeff Goldblum, and Samuel L. Jackson. I love Wayne Knight as the parks  trader! Its a real trip. See the equally good sequel The Lost  World:Jurassic Park. Rated PG-13 for Violence and Language
B000002JSV|4.0|THE BAND: Bon Scott (vocals), Angus Young (guitar), Malcolm Young (guitar), Cliff Williams (bass), Phil Rudd (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1978) 9 songs clocking in at approximately 40 minutes. This digitally remastered tri-fold released in 2003. Included with the disc is a 14-page booklet containing a short history of the band and what they were going through at the time of this release, many band pictures, song credits (no lyrics), and thank you's. All songs written by Scott/Young/Young. Recorded at Albert Studios in Sydney, Australia. Originally released by Atlantic Records, this 2003 version is on the Sony label.<br /><br />COMMENTS: The creativity and musicianship in album #4 \\"Powerage\\" is top notch. While it may not have received the celebrity status that \\"Highway To Hell\\" or \\"Back In Black\\" achieved, it is still a very essential disc in the AC/DC catalog. The CD booklet states about this album \\"Favored by many followers as AC/DC's most accomplished studio performance\\". What sticks out to me - the memorable intro to \\"Riff Raff\\". Angus' gut wrenching guitar solo on \\"Down Payment Blues\\", and perhaps more importantly this was Cliff Williams' 1st album with the band. Classic AC/DC songs here - 3 of my all time favorites \\"Sin City\\", \\"Rock 'N Roll Damnation\\", and \\"Riff Raff\\"... not to mention the bluesy \\"Down Payment Blues\\" and \\"Gone Shootin'\\". A perfect rocking closer in \\"Kicked In The Teeth\\". Classic early AC/DC Bon Scott disc.
B000002H33|5.0|Ignore the 5 stars above and Pretend they are 10.<br />Metallica is of course the most awesome metal band that ever existed. I love the song master of puppets, it is put together to keep you listening to it over and over  again. It Probably has the coolest guitar line ever. After the Main guitar  solo ends the song leads into a really heavy, rythimic piece and then fades  into an awesome guitar harmony. Listen to the song maybe two or three times  and you will be hooked, I promise. I am for the most part pleased with  Metallica's albums they have produced in the past couple of years but I  must say that they have sadly gone from speed, thrash, heavy metal to  slower &quot;One&quot; type songs. They still kick the shit out of all  those &quot;Gothic, Pimp, hip-hop metal bands that haved rolled their way  onto the scene. Keep up the good work: James, Kirk, Lars, and Jason, you  will always be my favorite band!
6304613199|4.0|It has been 4 years since the secret disaster at Jurassic Park. Now John Hammond, owner/head of his company wants a documentry team to go to Site B. Site B is where dinosaurs were grown then shipped to the main park. Among  the team are Ian Malcom(Goldblum returning), his girlfriend(Julianne  Moore), his son, and some other experts. Now Hammond's son has taken over  InGen(his company) and wants to capture the animals at B and take them to  his new proposed park, Jurassic Park:San Diego. The two teams realize that  they are now trapped on the island after a terrible storm and must venture  to the middle to get help. It is as much fun and has even better effects  this time. Again it was fun seeing it in the movies in 97. In which there  was the same media hype over it. Fans of the first will most likely enjoy  this. People who belive more in the book probably won't. An excellent seen  in San Diego despite what others say. Rated PG-13 for violence, some gore,  and mild language.
0671042858|4.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon is another success in my eyes by Stephen King.<br />A little 9-year-old girl, who is completly innocent and in some cases ignorant to the unfair events in her life, is spending another  weekend with her mom, who is bound and determined to spend quality time  with her children on the weekend.  However, the repeated challenging and  rechallenging of decisions made by both her mother and her brother drives  Trish crazy on a hiking trip.<br />Looking for a break in the action as it  were, Trisha steps off the trail for a moment so she can relieve herself.  The result however, gets her very lost, very fast in the woods.<br />As the  days wear on for poor Trisha McFarland, and the batteries on her walkman  (her only link to the real world) slowly begin to fade, Trish begins to  de-evolve.<br />The doubt that slowly begins to eat through her mind, and up  to the conviction that is she is going to die, followed by a stupour and  related halluciantions begin to drive Trish insane.<br />Stephen King has  again vividly described an excellent story of fiction in the horror genre.  I highly recommend this book to any fan of the genre, and particualry to  those, who like me, just LOVE the writing of Stephen King.
B000003S0F|5.0|The last record by King Crimson Ver 1.0, `Islands' is stately, beautiful, sophisticated, and moving, notwithstanding the cracking and totally untypical 'priapic prog' track, Ladies Of The Road, which comes replete  with fabulous Beatlesque harmony vocals. It will make you laugh out loud.  <br />Relaxing like no other KC LP, `Islands' finds Robert Fripp apparently,  for once, fully at ease in the company of his bandmates. In such a context  special things happen. During The Sailor, the setting, instead of providing  a gladiatorial arena for Fripp to survive - as per other KC records - drops  back and becomes schematic. Fripp, suddenly given space, takes the  opportunity to produce a spellbindingly original solo. Anyone who thinks  progrock guitar solos are pyrotechnic wibbling needs to hear this. Move  over Robert Smith; this is chordally more advanced. Bernard Sumner, take  note of the simplicity. Hendrix, listen well to the anticipation. Belew,  bow down in front of the early elephantosity. Here, Fripp enters a hallowed  zone of non-idiomatic phrasing and emotional expression shared only by one  other guitarist in rock: Fred Frith. It's electrifying. Robert has not  allowed himself this sort of freedom before or since, and it's our  loss.<br />The other key track is `Islands', which is just gorgeous. With its  nostalgia and yearning, you will be running the phrase `Beneath the  wind-turned wave' through your head for days after hearing this for the  first time. Boz, a supposed amateur, brings an unaffected vocal purity to  this most emotional of pieces, and he perfectly expresses Sinfield/Fripp's  attempt to crystallise existential solitude. If Boz is an `amateur', I am  Robert Fripp (and I assure you I'm not. I just scratch away like a clueless  Derek Bailey, with the odd harmonic chucked in).<br />`Islands' is an  astonishingly mature record. It synthesizes a unique classically-tinged  progressive jazz-rock which melts and breathes with emotion. It's  magisterial. If you are a KC fan with reservations, drop those reservations  now, and stick it in yer shopping basket this minute.
B00003CWL5|5.0|American Beauty is truly one of my favorite movies of the past year. i think many who did not like the movie absolutely MISSED THE POINT, which is summed up in the last 5 or 10 minutes of the movie. i was so stirred by the  ending of it. i first was confused by much of the film...did i like it?   did i hate it?  when the final scenes finally played out, i was PROFOUNDLY  stirred. i was literally speechless, as was everyone else who left that  theater after i saw the film. i recommend it.<br />yes, it's quirky, even  pretentious at times. but guess what?  AREN'T WE ALL?
B000002NHN|5.0|Like the old story which is told from generation to generation, these musics sound profound and mysterious. Her voice, melody and lyrics are woven into one grand tour to 'Imagination World'. Especially I like 'The  Highwayman' and 'Dante's Prayer'(yes, it's really full of spirit.) And like  many old folk tale, this cd is good for bedtime.
B00000DHRX|5.0|This duet is with Mary j Blige.  It is missing on the U.S. version as her record label refused to list it in the U.S. due to George's bathroom escapade.  This is a shame as it is a fantastic song with a killer video.  <br />Below is the U.K. cd listing copied from Amazon.co.uk<br />As always... if  you can get your hands on a copy... you won't regret it! <br />1. Jesus to a  child 2. Father figure 3. Careless whisper 4. Don't let the sun go down on  me 5. You have been loved 6. Kissing a fool 7. I can't make you love me 8.  Heal the pain 9. Moment with you 10. Desafinado 11. Cowboys and angels 12.  Praying for time 13. One more try 14. Different corner 15. Outside  16. As  17. Fastlove 18. Too funky 19. Freedom 90 20. Star people 97 21.  Killer/Papa was a rollin' stone 22. I want your sex 23. Strangest thing 97  24. Fantasy 25. Spinning the wheel 26. Waiting for the day 27. I knew you  were waiting (for me) 28. Faith 29. Somebody to love  <br />Even if you can't  get a copy of the U.K. version this album is still worth your time....
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Beautiful melody and introspective lyrics <BR>sound good to my ear.  This is a nice album when<BR>you have a rest alone and listen to it in a <BR>quiet situation.  For those who love a-ha's<BR>ballads in their previous albums, this one<BR>is also worth listening.
B000002IZM|5.0|I'm not a huge fan of electronic music - I bought this disc because I love Ridley Scott's film - but this is one of the most beautiful, powerful albums I've ever heard. I agree totally with the other reviewer who said  that this is more a Blade Runner-themed Vangelis album than a movie  soundtrack. That's not a bad thing at all. More soundtracks should be as  cohesive and well-produced as this disc.
B00004TH83|4.0|We live in Montreal Canada and we have enjoyed her voice for a couple of years now.  We are so delighted that she is being known around the world now.  She is definately talented and very sweet.  Her album is worth your  money, thats for sure! :):)  Enjoy!
B00004TLMC|5.0|Bill is a weak personality who tells lies. His first lie, an innocuous  little lie of omission, is when he doesn't tell his wife the whole truth of  what happened at the party. The lie seems perfectually reasonable to him -  he's protecting his rich, powerful friend (which he promised to do) and  anyway, why does Alice need to know? And how easily, how naturally, he  tells it. Nevertheless, that little lie constitutes an act of aggression  against Alice, soon to be followed by other more flagrant and serious  deceptions. Ironically, he accuses her of aggression, albeit brought on by  the pot. But Bill knows that he himself just lied. And then, outrageously,  he says he would never lie to her! Which is more aggressive - her  confrontation or his lying? But beyond that--why lie to her to protect  Victor? Which relationship is more important to Bill? He chooses protect  Victor at that early moment because it reinforces his identity as a  professional confidante, a man-in-the-know, an authority, a doctor. <br />He  just loves being a doctor, doesn't he? The trappings of power, the sense of  belonging to an elite, the mystique, the privilege, the ritualistic  incantations of secret knowledge, the mask of professional indifference as  he examines but is not examined--he loves it all. Strolling arm in arm with  the young women at the party, he remarks &quot;They are very knowledgeable  about all sorts of things&quot;. Doctors that is. Ah. A clue. He loves to  know. And he's certainly not shy about flashing his identity badge whenever  he can. It validates him. He needs it. <br />The mask. What does a mask do? It  hides, yes, but it can also reveal. Bill's mask of professional  indifference is a subtle, ongoing type of lie, one that Alice senses and  wants to expose, because there's something behind it that she needs to  know. What is Alice's post-party confrontation of Bill really about? (To  the reader who remarked about color - note the bed) Before the party she  asks Bill how she looks.  Bill says &quot;You look good. You always look  good.&quot; Look at her eyes as she follows him -- does that remark satisfy  her? No way. It's a dismissal, a shrug, yet also a first step in an  escalation. <br />She wants to know why Bill doesn't get jealous, or show the  least sign that he cares that a  decadent European was hitting on her,  hard. Bill replies that he knows her, she's predictable. She wouldn't do  that. Besides, he loves her. <br />Does he really? <br />Alice responds to Bill's  defensive posturing with a stunning display of sexual power and  emotional  insight. She teases him about his patients. She wants him to drop the  persona. He  won't. Her monologue is devastating. Of course we know and  have known for a long time that women think about sex too, and cheat.  That's beside the point--which is, what's going on at the heart of this  relationship? What's the &quot;bad bad thing?&quot; <br />Alice's confessional  fantasy is actually a challenge to Bill. There's a fantastic amount of   ambivalence here between both parties, which needs resolution. In fact,  Bill's ambivalence  towards all women, especially Alice, is great. He  dismisses them, he needs them. A dead patient's daughter confesses love -  he's cold, retreating. Like most of us, when faced with someone else's need  and desire, Bill is impervious. His own need is what counts to him. Like  Ivan Ilyich, he plays his role. Marion is shocked by his formulaic answers  to her announcements. If, on the other hand, Marion had mirrored his inner  state, been a bit cooler, more sexual, crueler, with a knowing smile and a  glint of perversity and secrecy, perhaps she could have had him. As it is,  Bill won't jeopardize his doctor role with such an obvious, needy woman,  but he will jeopardize his marriage with a hooker! Incredible. <br />And yet,  interestingly, he calls that apartment back, although he hangs up on the  husband. What did Bill want from Marion? <br />Like Josef K.,as the civil war  rages in his psyche, Bill makes mistakes at almost every turn. How easily  he is swayed by temptation. How weak, how vain he seems. Why not just tell  the hooker &quot;no thanks&quot; and move on, like most do? Because it's  not just her beauty that brings him to her apartment -- she's average.  Rather it's the situation itself that tantalizes: it's the game, the  possiblity of intrigue, the pressure of maintaining a double life, the  challenge, or even the joy, of the lie. <br />But he won't cross the line and  go all the way. He pays the hooker out of guilt; he wants it both ways! He  wants to tests his own limits, yet remain faithful. As in every area of his  life, he want to know, but not be known. <br />The orgy scene with its  solemnity, hyper-civilized decadent artifice, masculine control, feminine  collusion, ritualistic incantations -- sound familiar? Bill's need to know  takes him (and us) to the dark heart of the medical establishment, and  maybe not just medicine's. It's an allegory. <br />Our good doctor is  mesmerized, and exposed as a fraud, an impostor (the worst fear of those  who perpetually wear masks). He was given a chance to escape, but he asked  the wrong questions. It should have been &quot;how do you know?&quot; not  &quot;who are you?&quot;. <br />Another has remarked about the setup by  Victor, who exacts his revenge for Bill's knowing. Look at how he mounts  Bill from behind in the last seconds. Victor[y]? <br />So much much more. In  the last scene, having received an answer from Bill, Alice chooses sexual  nihilism, rampant among us. Her declaration of love is suspect. Behind the  mask was seething envy, narcissism, paranoia, guilt, lust, lies. One night  may not be the whole story, but it can be a moment of truth. With his last  words &quot;like a dog&quot;, Josef K. embraced the darkness.  And now,  with eyes opened, what could two dogs in this story still do?
B00004T9UF|5.0|i got this the very first day it came out. it's incredible. if you liked the slim shady lp, then you will almost definitely like this album. <br />it isn't totally noticeable, but i think this album is slightly darker than  the first one. it just sort of puts me in a darker mood. anyways, awesome  album. i'd definitely recommend it to anyone and their  grandmothers.<br />-will
B00004TLMC|5.0|Bill is a weak personality who tells lies. His first lie, an innocuous little lie of omission, is when he doesn't tell his wife the whole truth of what happened at the party. The lie seems perfectually reasonable to him -  he's protecting his rich, powerful friend (which he promised to do) and  anyway, why does Alice need to know? And how easily, how naturally, he  tells it. Nevertheless, that little lie constitutes an act of aggression  against Alice, soon to be followed by other more flagrant and serious  deceptions. Ironically, he accuses her of aggression, albeit brought on by  the pot. But Bill knows that he himself just lied. And then, outrageously,  he says he would never lie to her! Which is more aggressive - her  confrontation or his lying? But beyond that--why lie to her to protect  Victor? Which relationship is more important to Bill? He chooses protect  Victor at that early moment because it reinforces his identity as a  professional confidante, a man-in-the-know, an authority, a doctor. <br />He  just loves being a doctor, doesn't he? The trappings of power, the sense of  belonging to an elite, the mystique, the privilege, the ritualistic  incantations of secret knowledge, the mask of professional indifference as  he examines but is not examined--he loves it all. Strolling arm in arm with  the young women at the party, he remarks &quot;They are very knowledgeable  about all sorts of things&quot;. Doctors that is. Ah. A clue. He loves to  know. And he's certainly not shy about flashing his identity badge whenever  he can. It validates him. He needs it. <br />The mask. What does a mask do? It  hides, yes, but it can also reveal. Bill's mask of professional  indifference is a subtle, ongoing type of lie, one that Alice senses and  wants to expose, because there's something behind it that she needs to  know. What is Alice's post-party confrontation of Bill really about? (To  the reader who remarked about color - note the bed) Before the party she  asks Billhow she looks.  Bill says &quot;You look good. You always look  good.&quot; Look at her eyes as she follows him -- does that remark satisfy  her? No way. It's a dismissal, a shrug, yet also a first step in an  escalation. <br />She wants to know why Bill doesn't get jealous, or show the  least sign that he cares that a  decadent European was hitting on her,  hard. Bill replies that he knows her, she's predictable. She wouldn't do  that. Besides, he loves her. <br />Does he really? <br />Alice responds to Bill's  defensive posturing with a stunning display of sexual power and  emotional  insight. She teases him about his patients. She wants him to drop the  persona. He  won't. Her monologue is devastating. Of course we know and  have known for a long time that women think about sex too, and cheat.  That's beside the point--which is, what's going on at the heart of this  relationship? What's the &quot;bad bad thing?&quot; <br />Alice's confessional  fantasy is actually a challenge to Bill. There's a fantastic amount of   ambivalence here between both parties, which needs resolution. In fact,  Bill's ambivalence  towards all women, especially Alice, is great. He  dismisses them, he needs them. A dead patient's daughter confesses love -  he's cold, retreating. Like most of us, when faced with someone else's need  and desire, Bill is impervious. His own need is what counts to him. Like  Ivan Ilyich, he plays his role. Marion is shocked by his formulaic answers  to her announcements. If, on the other hand, Marion had mirrored his inner  state, been a bit cooler, more sexual, crueler, with a knowing smile and a  glint of perversity and secrecy, perhaps she could have had him. As it is,  Bill won't jeopardize his doctor role with such an obvious, needy woman,  but he will jeopardize his marriage with a hooker! Incredible. <br />And yet,  interestingly, he calls that apartment back, although he hangs up on the  husband. What did Bill want from Marion? <br />Like Josef K., as the civil war  rages in his psyche, Bill makes mistakes at almost every turn. How easily  he is swayed by temptation. How weak, how vain he seems. Why not just tell  the hooker &quot;no thanks&quot; and move on, like most do? Because it's  not just her beauty that brings him to her apartment -- she's average.  Rather it's the situation itself that tantalizes: it's the game, the  possiblity of intrigue, the pressure of maintaining a double life, the  challenge, or even the joy, of the lie. <br />But he won't cross the line and  go all the way. He pays the hooker out of guilt; he wants it both ways! He  wants to tests his own limits, yet remain faithful. As in every area of his  life, he want to know, but not be known. <br />The orgy scene with its  solemnity, hyper-civilized decadent artifice, masculine control, feminine  collusion, ritualistic incantations -- sound familiar? Bill's need to know  takes him (and us) to the dark heart of the medical establishment, and  maybe not just medicine's. It's an allegory. <br />Our good doctor is  mesmerized, and exposed as a fraud, an impostor (the worst fear of those  who perpetually wear masks). He was given a chance to escape, but he asked  the wrong questions. It should have been &quot;how do you know?&quot; not  &quot;who are you?&quot;. <br />Another has remarked about the setup by  Victor, who exacts his revenge for Bill's knowing. Look at how he mounts  Bill from behind in the last seconds. Victor[y]? <br />So much much more. In  the last scene, having received an answer from Bill, Alice chooses sexual  nihilism, rampant among us. Her declaration of love is suspect. Behind the  mask was seething envy, narcissism, paranoia, guilt, lust, lies. One night  may not be the whole story, but it can be a moment of truth. With his last  words &quot;like a dog&quot;, Josef K. embraced the darkness.  And now,  with eyes opened, what could two dogs in this story still do?
B00000ILDE|5.0|Well, here I find myself trying to write a review for possibly the best sci-fi/action film involving xenomorphs (&quot;aliens&quot; to the uninitiated). <br />The music, story and special effects, not to mention the  characters, provide what I believe to be incredible depth. The special  edition with it's extra footage (showing the discovery of the alien craft)  adds so much more to the film and ensures that those who have not seen or  remember Alien, will enjoy it.<br />Of course, the DVD version ensures that  you see it in the glory that Mr. Cameron expected. Turn up the volume on  your home theatre system when Bishop rescues Ripley and Newt from the  mother alien - you will see, hear and feel what it's like to &quot;punch  it&quot; out of a reactor about to go critical. <br />Buy it - NOW!
006016848X|2.0|There was really nothing in this book that common sense doesn't already tell you. I found nothing new that hadn't already been discussed in other books and the repetitiveness caused me to skim pages after a while.<br />What  I also got annoyed about was the &quot;changes&quot; required. &quot;Don't  intrude when your man is in his cave&quot; &quot;Wait until he's come out  before talking.&quot; rar rar. What about women? &quot;Men have to  listen.&quot; I mean geez louise. Big deal. Doesn't matter if we're upset  or need support. As long as we don't upset the men while they're in their  cave everything is fine. BAH. Are we back in the 1950's?<br />The 2 stars were  given for the section describing love letters. That was about the only part  that the repetitiveness was in any way bearable.
6305546789|5.0|Before &quot;Scream&quot;, before &quot;Nightmare on Elm Street&quot;, even before &quot;Friday the 13th&quot; there was &quot;Halloween&quot;. &quot;Halloween&quot; is the original slice and dice movie; and Mike Myers  is the original silent crazed killer. Mike is the original White Masked  madman. Several films have tried to copy &quot;Halloween&quot; but none  ever work because we have all seen what happens before. Also there have  been several sequels to &quot;Halloween&quot; and with the acception of  &quot;Halloween 6&quot; and &quot;H20&quot;, none are very good. But  &quot;Halloween&quot; is a great horror classic.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Wow....I'm still breathless! What a movie. It started of interestingly enough but ends with a bang!  I reccomend this to anyone who likes movies that end with a twist, this is the ticket.........
B000002H33|5.0|If want to learn how to play heavy metal, or just want an excellent CD, this is for you. This is a masterpiece. By this album, Hettefields signature growl had been developed, and the bands overall agressive sound  perfected. Battery starts out with a classic acoustic Metallica intro, then  they unleash hell (From this point on I could not resist turning my stereo  up). I consider the title track to be one of the best Metallica tracks. It  showcases everything great about the band from  superheavylightningfastinyourface to mellow and melodic. The rest of the  tracks are just as great, especially the instrumental track, Orion. It  showcases the finely crafted songwriting skills of the band. I found the  latter half of the album to be slightly faster and more agressive. Sadly,  this was to be bassist's Cliff Burton's last album. This is an essential  peice of anybody's metal library. But, if your not looking for something  quite as agressive I would recommend Led Zeppelin.
B000000W4M|5.0|THis isn't my favorite SP album, but I think it's the most flawless one. Every song is unique and beautiful. There isn't much to criticize. <br />&quot;Disarm&quot; is gripping. &quot;Mayonaise&quot; is SO sad.  &quot;Today&quot; is the most PERFECT SONG I've ever heard, no kidding. The  last couple of tracks, &quot;sweet sweet&quot; and &quot;luna&quot; are  perfect little lullabyes. <br />This album is like a teenage mantra. It  reminds of me of my younger years in high school.<br />It's GREAT!
630197767X|5.0|&quot;Rocky&quot; is a true classic which spawned the career of Sylvester Stallone and four very mediocre (a couple are just plain awful) sequels.  Rocky is a lonely club boxer with a good heart who has seen his dreams pass  him by.  He is insulted or ignored by his gym's owner, Mickey; he is  disrespected by the neighborhood kids; and the woman he loves, Adrian,  won't talk to him out of shyness. Rocky's future looks bleak.  Yet, by a  quirk of fate, he is offered a once in a lifetime opportunity for fame,  glory, and, above all, dignity.  The heavyweight champion, Apollo Creed,  needs an opponent, any opponent, and Rocky is picked purely by chance.   This opportunity allows him to earn Mickey's trust and respect, and he  slowly starts to gain confidence in himself.  Also, his genuine good heart  eventually starts to melt through Adrian's shyness, revealing a very lovely  woman who just needed someone to treat her with respect and kindness.  The  famous scene of Rocky charging up the steps of City Hall, with Bill Conti's  memorable score blazing, shows a reborn Rocky buoyed with hope and the love  of Adrian- a far cry from the dismal club fighter seen in the film's early  parts.<br />Yet, Rocky knows he is not in Apollo Creed's class and that he  will lose.  He confides to Adrian that all he wants is to go the distance  to prove to the world and himself that he is not a bum.  The fight is  fantastic to watch especially with Conti's stirring score pacing the  action.  In the late rounds, Apollo finally puts Rocky to the canvas.   Rocky's cornermen tell him to stay down- he has proved his valor.  Apollo  celebrates.  Yet, Adrian, who had stayed in the lockerroom throughout most  of the fight, emerges to see Rocky struggling to regain his feet.  She  alone knows that he will get up- she knows how much going the distance  means to him.  A truly great scene- I tear up everytime I see it.  Rocky  does get up, but loses the fight on a decision.  Yet, the outcome is  insignificant- the announcement of the decision is actually muted out by  the crowd noise and reporters; what is important is that Rocky has won his  dignity and the love of the woman he loves.  A great movie- it's too bad  they had to later turn the great character of Rocky into a cartoon in all  those horrible sequels.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is the album we all have been waiting for. An amazing release from this amazing band. Brave New World is firstable an heavy metal album which sounds a lot like a blend between old-style Maiden from Piece of Mind (83)  to Seventh Son...(88) with Progressive Metal and some other influences,  even though Maiden always showed spects of Progressive Metal with long  complex songs and strong roots of Jethro Tull this album is Progressive  Maiden at it's best specially with the epics The Nomad and Dream Of Mirrors  (both over 9min) which stands along with all the other great Maiden  classics. Now each song is GREAT, while prehaps the highlight in my opinion  is Blood Brothers, Harris' material at it's best. This is one of the best  albums of Iron Maiden and one of the best Metal albums ever, it is very  melodic and complex, the 3 guitars are amazing togther with Harris'  basslines and McBrain's great bassdrum sound he has on that album. Also  Bruce is at his best, nevertheless the guitar solos are in the highest  level, especially Adrian Smith's which proves him to be one of the top  guitar players. Buy this album, it is wonderful, amazing, no words can  describe Brave New World.
B000002G7E|5.0|There may not be much to add to all the insightful comments given below and by Amazon editorial writer, Percy Keegan--but I'll try.  White Light/White Heat is the Velvets' most extreme statement.  Dilettantes can  find something to love on the first record, and who could fail to  appreciate the lyrical beauty of the third album, and the joyous rock  sensibility in Loaded. <br />But if you GET WLWH, then you know you truly GET  the Velvet Underground.  If you listen to &quot;Sister Ray&quot; and  understand that there is infinitely more going on there then 17 minutes of  noise, then the Velvet Underground is your band.<br />When I was 16 and this  record was new, I used to waste a lot of breath trying to make friends and  enemies alike realize that the Velvets weren't just Blue Cheer with an  intellectual overlay or that &quot;Sister Ray&quot; wasn't just another  heavy long track a la &quot;In-Gadda-da-Vida.&quot;  Eventually, I just  learned to shut up, and eventually, many people did come around.  Reading  the numerous positive reviews here (and elsewhere, of course) I feel  vindicated.  Of course, I should have known all along that it couldn't have  been just Lester Bangs and me who loved this band.<br />Let me stress that for  most rock fans, punk fans, and--I dunno--metal fans, probably, there is  something in the VU's oeuvre to love.  WLWH may well not be the one for  neophytes to start with.  You might be better off cutting your teeth on  Loaded or The Velvet Underground (3rd album).  Once you've cut those teeth,  however, especially those incisors, White Light/White Heat will provide you  with raw, but vital nourishment.
B00003CX5A|5.0|The three geniuses of the macabre and unconventional film artistry have once again combined forces to create a masterpiece!<br />A definate must see for any Burton fan!
6305750750|1.0|If I could've given it a zero I would've.. I loved the first 3 Star Wars flicks but this one has none of the suspense, charm and fun of the others. I wish they would've spent more time developing the storyline and  characters rather than the special effects. Sometimes more is just more,  not better..That's the problem with hollywood these days, they feel that  they have push the envelope with explosions, chase scenes and graphics in  order to keep us interested and to spend our hard earned money at the  theaters. Then again, like everything else, it's supply and demand....  Maybe it says more about society today.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is the funnyst and best album out now by far especially the ''i hope you die'' if you are thinking of bying this advise you to by the extra track one beacaue along comes mary is just the best.
6305750750|1.0|If I could've given it a zero I would've.. I loved the first 3 Star Wars flicks but this one has none of the suspense, charm and fun of the others. I wish they would've spent more time developing the storyline and  characters rather than the special effects. Sometimes more is just more,  not better..That's the problem with hollywood these days, they feel that  they have push the envelope with explosions, chase scenes and graphics in  order to keep us interested and to spend our hard earned money at the  theaters. Then again, like everything else, it's supply and demand....  Maybe it says more about society today.
B000001Y9I|5.0|This is probably the best of Deep Purple in the 1990s.  However, due to the difficulty in finding &quot;Slaves and Masters&quot; I can't speak for every 90s album.  This is such a fantastic album and I can agree with a reviewer who earlier commented that this does not sound like &quot;Deep  Purple.&quot;  Purpendicular was not a typical Purple release, it does not  contain as much heaviness as prior releases.  Instead, we are delighted to  performances of a &quot;dinosaur&quot; band who can write and perform  better than any of the newer bands of today.  My absolute favorite  track on this album is &quot;Sometimes I feel like screaming.&quot;  I have  never heard such great singing from a guy in his 50's.  Ian Gillan is such  a remarkable singer in that his voice has NOT changed.  Steve Morse's  guitar-work has a few twists on here: like &quot;Rosa's Cantina&quot; with  some funk and blues and &quot;The Aviator&quot; with the gentle acoustic.   Jon Lord's keyboards definitely stand out on here...let's just face it,  these songs wouldn't have sounded as great without Lord.  Glover and Paice  are just phenomenal and vital components of this band.  Is it just me or  has this band aged at all?  I can't honestly tell because this stuff is  just as good as In Rock or Machine Head.
B000002H2H|5.0|First of all, a must-have for all rock fans. Thank you to Lazer 103.3 for introducing me to Metallica through &quot;Mandatory Metallica.&quot; Anyway, I've listened to almost all of Metallica's stuff, and this is  awesome. I have to agree that Metallica was at its peak with Ride and  Master. I love listening to the whole cd because none of the songs are bad,  unlike Black and Load. Two of my absolute favorite rock songs are on this  album, For Whom the Bell Tolls and Fade to Black. The guitar work in Fade  is breathtaking(esp. intro), while Bell has raw energy and great lyrics.  You can't forget about the title track or Ktulu or Creeping Death, cause  they rock too.<br />I first started out with S&amp;M, which I guess worked,  because now I'm only a few albums away from having them all. The symphony  enhances most of the songs, so a person who normally doesn't like heavy  with enjoy it and get used to it. but someone who only likes the new, more  melodic Metallica might start at Garage, Inc., which'll hook a person onto  the older stuff too. The first cd includes, among others, Turn the Page,  Astronomy, and Whiskey in the Jar, all GREAT listening and lyrics. The  second cd includes old stuff, namely Am I Evil, with the coolest guitar  intro ever, Blitzkrieg, Breadfan, and Stone Cold Crazy. That'll put you on  the Metallica bandwagon.<br />But enough said. Go out and buy this cd, and I  guarantee you'll like it.
0790731894|4.0|I thought this was a very enjoyable action movie.Something to watch when your having a boring friday evening.Has suspense and good scenes.I first thought that Steven Seagal would be an annoyance in this movie,but his  character dies during the first 25 minutes.But they shouldn't have showed  that when promoting the movie.It would have been a nice surprise. Still a  good action movie.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I have to say I just got it a couple of days ago, so it's quite a short time for me to get caught by a new cd, this one did it. I think it's the most powerful comeback in years!  ( and I can tell 'cuz I have been an a-ha  lover since their early days).<br />When I started listening to Minor  Earth/Major Sky, Summer Moved On and The Sun Never Shone that Day, I felt  chills coming up and down my spine. That moment I knew, there's only one  style that can not be compared to other bands, perhaps it's the  songwritting or the feeling I can't describe when I listen to their music.<br />So I guess some time appart between them was worth it guys! Take a  listen to this one, it's somewhat amazing!
B0000060NF|5.0|This is what soul music is all about. On What's Going On, Gaye provides us with a deeply personal view of the plight of Black America in the late 60's and early 70's. His beautiful orchestrations complement his voice  perfectly, amplifying th emotion and inflection to a degree never before  attained within the confines of the genre. A must have for any true soul  enthusiast.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Hey everyone, you gotta get this new CD!  It was well worth the wait.  The Slim Shady LP was an awesome record, and his second LP is just as good and if not better.  Stan is one of the first tracks on his new CD, and it's  about a die hard fan who writes Eminem letters, and realizes that Eminem  has no time to write back.  At first, Stan thinks that he wrote the  addresses wrong, but then he gets upset when Eminem doesn't write back  because he put the addresses on them perfectly.  Later, he goes to describe  things in his life, and I'm not going to give a description of the rest of  the album.  It's a wonderful record!
B000002UB3|5.0|I followed the Beatles in earnest from their start to finish, and this album was indeed one of their best. George Martin and Paul McCartney teamed up to create a truly awe inspiring string of beatifully woven music on the  B side that has not been duplicated to this day even by McCartney , who by  far is the most successful figure of this ground breaking group. The songs  here are excellent, Come Together, Something, Golden Slumbers, etc. John  Lennon excelled when George Martin produced him, the Lennon tracks are  excellent on this cd. Although the solo work they were to create in coming  years was good, this album proves that they really were a great band and  worked best together. The last strains of the song The End, really meant  the end of an era of musical genius the world may never see again.
B00003CXCW|5.0|Some reviewers wonder why this old picture about an old actress of the old silent movies is not dated.  There are 3 good reasons for that: 1 - It's stupid to say which is the best movie ever made but I'll say it anyway -  Sunset Boulevard IS the best film ever made. To say this helps explaining  why it's not dated is something of an understatement. 2 - Sunset Boulevard  is not about Gloria Swanson/ Norma Desmond - it's about getting old, it's  about love, it's about loneliness, it's about people. Sure the main  character is an old actress; but it could be a lawyer, a writer, a  waitress, a lorry driver. It could even be you or me. That's another reason  why it's not dated - now or ever! 3 - Nobody ever quotes what, for me, is  the best line in the movie: &quot;You see, M'ssieur, I was Madame's first  husband&quot;. Remember who says, when he says it, why he says it and how  he says it? If you don't, play it again. It's allright if you cry; only  &quot;those wonderful people in the dark&quot; will ever see you do it...
0393317552|5.0|Jared Diamond set out to do two very difficult things in this book: first, by his own admission, to summarize in one book 13,000 years of homo sapiens' history, and second, to write a popular, entry level book about  the complexities of geographical and environmental determinism. To his  credit, he brings both off very well.<br />Diamonds' thesis, as noted by other  reviewers, is that the triumph of western culture traces in large measure  to accidents of geography and environment. In particular, the east-west  orientation of Eurasia and the abundance of usable crop species and animal  species in Eurasia in general and the Fertile Crescent in particular. The  ability to create domestic crops and domestic animals, by his reasoning,  led through a series of steps to the development of larger communities, the  development of technology, and the triumph of the West.<br />Diamond's critics  accuse him of political correctness, of over-simplification and  determinism. I don't believe any of those criticisms is accurate.<br />Diamond frankly admits he is challenging the myth of caucasian inherent  superiority. The sense of outrage some reviewers express when Diamond  states that the most intelligent man he knows is a New Guinean  &quot;primitive&quot; more or less proves Diamond's point. By confusing  intelligence with education, and a subsistence culture with technological  culture, those critics demonstrate and illustrate the myth Diamond  addresses.<br />Half of his critics accuse Diamond of oversimplification; the  other half complain that he repeats points and that the book is hard to  read. I think this is mostly reaction to the common problem of a scholarly  subject being treated in a popularization. It is a very difficult thing for  a scientist to write a popularization of his or her subject that isn't  either condescendingly simplistic or too complex for lay readers. Diamond  strikes a nice balance.<br />Finally, critics claim that Diamond is asserting  a kind of determinism that denies free will and understates cultural  variables. They point to cultural variables like religion (the  aggressiveness of Christianity and Moslem beliefs, for example), social,  intellectual and others that are overwhelmingly important today. Those  critics are missing Diamond's key point: it was those geographical and  environmental factors he identifies that made the development of those  cultural variables possible.<br />Overall, this book is a very significant  contribution to lay understanding of why the West &quot;has more  cargo&quot; than other cultures. It is not intended to be a work of pure  scholarship; it doesn't pretend that this is the Complete and Final Answer.  It is frank in identifying issues still be be addressed. I strongly  recommend it to any reader who wants to better understand the world we have  inherited.of determinism that denies free will and understates cultural  variables. They point to cultural variables like religion (the  aggressiveness of Christianity and Moslem beliefs, for example), social,  intellectual and others that are overwhelmingly important today. Those  critics are missing Diamond's key point: it was those geographical and  environmental factors he identifies that made the development of those  cultural variables possible. <br />Overall, this book is a very significant  contribution to lay understanding of why the West &quot;has more  cargo&quot; than other cultures. It is not intended to be a work of pure  scholarship; it doesn't pretend that this is the Complete and Final Answer.  It is frank in identifying issues still be be addressed. I strongly  recommend it to any reader who wants to better understand the world we have  inherited.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This CD is greatful because it is present by Eminem for his fan. Congratulations at the best rapper. Of this I like very much &quot;The real slim shady&quot; and &quot;Marshall Masthers&quot;. Tank you Em.
B000005S31|5.0|what a brilliant piece of work.  This album is like a fine wine,  it just keeps on getting better with age.   Every song is a perfect gem...one of those rare albums with not a single bad note on it.  I'm just amazed by how  few people actually know this album.   It's a perfect travelling album.   Play it on a walkman the next time you're heading out of town on a train or  bus,  or especially driving through europe.   From the opening cut to the  closing title track,  this is a true work of art.
0812548094|5.0|This book was incredible! it was a fast-paced read like no other! I thought a second book couldn't be better than the first but this is equally as good if not better than Wizard's First Rule. Wow! all I can say is Terry  Goodkind, keep em coming!
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney holds both the #3 position for most sales in a week overall and #1 for most sales for a female album in one week. But is it really worth it. Is this album worth the 1.3 million one week sales figures. Let's see if  the songs back up the sales. Track 1 (Oops! I did it Again)- This is the  title track and overall I gave it a 3. It sounds just like &quot;Baby One  More Time&quot; which is a definite no no in the industry. One time is  enough. The thing that really messes up this song is the mocking of  Titanic. Really childish. The first time I heard this sound I thought it  was okay but now she needs a new hit. It's getting annoying.<br />Track 2  (Stronger)- Good song with a new sound. Kinda techno with a sing and stop  thing going on. This song basically says that she is invincible. She can  take take the negative comments. They can't knock her down, but they can  make her &quot;Stronger&quot;. Cute.<br />Track 3 (Don't Go Knockin' On My  Door)- This is really a new sound. More urban and hip-hop like. One of the  best songs on the CD (I Believe). Could be better.<br />Track 4 (I Can't Get  No Satisfaction)- Okay. So she decided to cover a classic that she  shouldn't have. Her vocals on this song are terrible for something  amplified. This suppose to be a single of the album. Can't wait to see this  one.<br />Track 5 (Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know)- This was written by Mutt  Lange &amp; Shania Twain. Personally I think it would've been better if it  was made for Shania. But Britney did good on this song. Her vocals aren't  the best but she carries the song out really well.<br />Track 6 (What U See Is  What U Get)- Good song. Definitely about the talk going on about her. She  saying if you don't like her deal with it and move on. Don't try to change  her cause she can only be herself. Vocals are good and the tune is one of  the best I've heard.<br />Track 7 (Lucky)- MY favorite song. Reminds me of  &quot;Sometimes&quot;. Really nice vocals and overall tune.This sound I  believe is about her. Everyone says that she has it all and is very happy.  This sound says something is missing and bringing her tears.<br />That's all  I'm gonna review. I'll leave the rest of the songs up to you to judge.  Overall, this is a good CD and is a whole lot better than the first. There  is no doubt in my mine that this album will be a smash hit but mostly due  to her fans. Not the music even though it gives some help. I'd buy it even  if you only somewhat like Britney. It's not a waste of money. That just my  opinion though. Let me know what you think about it.
0451526384|3.0|Persuasion for me was very interesting. It was not necessarily my favourite Jane Austen book(mine is Emma)it is very good. I like the relationship between Anne and Wentworth. It is evident he still harbours  feelings for her even after she broke his heart,  I loved how they both  admitted their love for one another and finally came to terms with their  feelings. If you are a Jane fan then read it but it probably will not be  your alltime favourite.
B00004SCX6|5.0|this is much better than her i want u back style in baby one more time. britney is starting to show more personality and she said she relates to this album more.  a must have.  keep up the good work brits.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Well you have to give up for Shady,  It was hard to top his first album but he did.  This  cd shows his versitlity(?)  and his  great writing ability.   Marshall Mather is a must have Cd.
0451198492|5.0|Clarke expanded this from his short story &quot;The Sentinel,&quot; and it's among the best &quot;first contact&quot; scenarios, having as it does quite a mystical feel to it.  (Clarke is an atheist who somehow always  packs his novels with spiritual imagery.  Hm!)
6305807930|5.0|Strange Argento shockfest (the Tenebrae - &quot;mother of darkness&quot; - part of the proposed Three Mothers trilogy - Suspiria was the first, and Lachrymarum - &quot;mother of tears&quot; - has yet to be made) follows a  woman's search for the mysterious Three Mothers, evil dieties in which she  becomes obsessed after reading an alchemist's diary.  He was also an  architect who built houses for the three mothers, and while investigating  one of these houses she gets the attention of followers of the mothers, who  silence her, leaving her brother to find out what happened to her.  This,  of course, leads to more flashy killings (cat attack, rat attack,  window-as-guillotine, etc.).  The story is so hard to follow that it gets  lost in all the red herrings, and style overwhelms substance... but since  this Argento at his Argento-ist, style is enough, I promise.  You have the  famous underwater-room sequence, a weird scene with a hauntingly-beautiful  girl in a classroom, opulent use of red and blue lighting, and some  impressive fire scenes.  And Keith Emerson's music score is excellent -  &quot;Suspiriorum!  Lachrymarum!  Tenebrarum!&quot;  Mario Bava helped with  this film, and his influence is definitely felt here.  This may not be  Argento's best film (for my money that's Deep Red) but it does contain some  of his best sequences.  And if you don't get the whole story the first  time, you won't mind having to go for repeated viewings.
0345423496|2.0|This turkey shouldn't have been written.  Flat, stale, unprofitable to read, and with a totally lame ending that leaves the reader unsatisfied.  That it was written by Arthur Clarke makes it even more disappointing.
B00004T9UF|5.0|i think this is great cd. eminem is a great artsit and i love him. i think he really expresses his feelings on this record.... i love u eminem! jess
B00004TRD8|5.0|....so are the possible futures we create for ourselves.  From the standpoint of depth psychology, science fiction can be thought of as an unconscious but meaningful imaginal extrapolation of where we'll end up if  we don't change our collective course right now.  As Dr. Glen Slater would  point out, the cyborg is a good image for the loss of our humanity in a  culture increasingly dominated by mechanistic thought (&quot;Things are in  the saddle and ride mankind,&quot; as Emerson noted long ago).  On another  level, the film is a good story with lots of action and special effects;  Arnold is convincing as a human-shaped tank of a Terminator reprogrammed to  be dumb and helpful, and Linda Hamilton does well as the strong and cynical  Sarah Connor, mother and protector of the future.  (Wish I could look up  HER number in the phone book...)
0684830485|5.0|&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; was the first Hemingway I ever read.  I was a high school kid in the early 1970s, working on my campus newspaper, newly graduated from Jack London but not yet ready for Jack Kerouac.<br />To  my young eyes, it was a good action story:  Robert Jordan, the passionate  American teacher joins a band of armed gypsies in the Spanish Civil War.  He believes one man can make a difference.  The whole novel covers just 68  hours, during which Jordan must find a way to blow up a key bridge behind  enemy lines.  In that short time, Jordan also falls in love with Maria, a  beautiful Spanish woman who has been raped by enemy soldiers.  The whole  spectrum of literature was refracted through the prism of my youth: Good  guys and bad guys, sex and blood, life and death.  For me, just a boy, the  journey from abstraction to clarity was only just beginning.<br />Re-reading  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; at 42 (roughly the age Hemingway was  when he published it), I have lost my ability to see things clearly in  black and white.  My vision is blurred by irony, as I note that two  enemies, the moral killer Anselmo and the sympathetic fascist Lieutenant  Berrendo, utter the very same prayer.  For the first time, I see that the  book opens with Robert Jordan lying on the &quot;pine-needled floor of the  forest&quot; and closes as he feels his heart pounding against the  &quot;pine needle floor of the forest&quot;; Jordan ends as he begins,  perhaps having never really moved.  I certainly could never have seen at 16  how dying well might be more consequential than living well.  And somehow  the light has changed in the past 26 years, so that I now truly understand  how the earth can move.<br />As a teen, I missed another crucial element, even  though Vietnam was still a seeping wound.  Three pivotal days in Jordan's  life force him to question his own role in a futile war.  He wonders if  dying for a political cause might be too wasteful, but he ultimately  believes that dying to save another individual is a man's most heroic act.<br />The book's title is taken from John Donne's celebrated poem: &quot;No  man is an Iland ... and therefore never send to know for whom the bell  tolls; It tolls for thee.&quot; It was not about loneliness and aloneness,  as I once had thought, but about the seamless fabric of all life:  What  happens to one happens to all.<br />I am not blind to Hemingway's flaws.  He  was a good short writer, and what was short was almost always better.  Pilar's tale on the mountainside has been widely acclaimed as the most  powerful of Hemingway's prose.  Her story within a story is nothing less  than a contemporary myth.<br />&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; has also  been regarded as Hemingway's capitulation to critics who barked that his  innovative style was too lean, and as a consciously commercial exercise for  which Hollywood might (and did) pay handsomely.  Robert Jordan, in so many  respects, was a tragic mythical hero in the vein of Achilles, Gawain and  Samson.  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; ranks as one of the great  American war novels in a country that has always struggled with the concept  of good and bad wars.he ultimately  believes that dying to save another individual is a man's most heroic act.  <br />The book's title is taken from John Donne's celebrated poem: &quot;No  man is an Iland ... and therefore never send to know for whom the bell  tolls; It tolls for thee.&quot; It was not about loneliness and aloneness,  as I once had thought, but about the seamless fabric of all life:  What  happens to one happens to all. <br />I am not blind to Hemingway's flaws.  He  was a good short writer, and what was short was almost always better.  Pilar's tale on the mountainside has been widely acclaimed as the most  powerful of Hemingway's prose.  Her story within a story is nothing less  than a contemporary myth.<br />&quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; has also  been regarded as Hemingway's capitulation to critics who barked that his  innovative style was too lean, and as a consciously commercial exercise for  which Hollywood might (and did) pay handsomely.  Robert Jordan, in so many  respects, was a tragic mythical hero in the vein of Achilles, Gawain and  Samson.  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; ranks as one of the great  American war novels in a country that has always struggled with the concept  of good and bad wars.
B000006TRV|5.0|I will keep this short. Very short. This album, along with Roger Waters' Amused to Death, is why my license plate reads, &quot;RWATERS&quot;... enough said.
B000006NPY|5.0|I can remember the first time I heard the first single from this album, the pulsing second track &quot;Ava Adore.&quot; I remember thinking to myself with a smile on my face, &quot;THIS is Smashing Pumpkins?&quot;  Being a fan of electronic music and modern recording techniques, I welcomed  this new sound from a band that once was as abrasive as their grunge  counterparts Nirvana and Sonic Youth. And then I bought the album...and  still with a smile on my face, I was surprised to find that the entire  album was NOT electronica influenced at all. It sickened me to find fans  lamenting this record because &quot;Corgan sold out to new electronic  trends,&quot; or &quot;Where's the Seattle grunge sound these guys used to  have?&quot; First of all, it's a well-crafted mix of electronica-influence  and acoustic beauty. &quot;To Sheila,&quot; &quot;Perfect,&quot; the  haunting &quot;Tear,&quot; and &quot;Once Upon a Time&quot; prove that in  spite of the drum machines and pulsing keyboard riffs in the backdrop, it  still has moments of sentimental acoustic melancholy. Then you have songs  like &quot;Pug,&quot; &quot;Daphne Descends,&quot; &quot;Ava Adore,&quot;  and my personal favorite on the whole album, &quot;Appels + Oranjes.&quot;  This album masterfully goes from one direction to another, and the  musicianship is excellent. Sure Corgan's vocals often have to be  manipulated so he can hit the note, but this album was essential in showing  that despite the youthful angsty-ness that encompassed the first two albums  and some of &quot;Mellon-Collie and the Infinite Sadness,&quot; the band is  diverse in their sound and capable of creating beautiful music that speaks  to and of the soul without being overstated. To hell with those who think  this is a grim and pathetic attempt on the part of the band to cash in on a  trend of the time. This is a great album that I will listen to long before  I pop in &quot;Gish.&quot; Give it a chance and listen to the MUSIC people,  MUSIC!  That's what it's all about!
0792139771|5.0|amazing, spectacular, captivating, wonderful... words can't describe how powerful and awe-inspiring this motion picture is. honestly, i didn't walk into this one expecting so much from funny-guy mel gibson, but i was served  a big slap in the face of strength and wonder from this movie. it tells the  story of william wallace, whose wife was murdered by the english. upon  this, he rallies his fellow scotsmen and they march into england planning  to invade and win their freedom from english oppression. the film won three  out of ten academy awards, for best picture, director, make-up,  cinematography (which is some of the best i've ever seen, ever!) and sound  effects. it was written by randall wallace (no relation, &quot;except in  spirit&quot;) and boasts emotionally gripping music from james horner (who  should have won the oscar that year). this is a completely worthwhile  experience, a modern miracle of movie-making. i repeat, words can't  describe the brutality of the battle sequences, the intensity of the love  scenes, and the overall feeling of triumph in these two tiny cassettes.   and, the phrase &quot;freedom&quot; uttered from wallace's lips is one of  the simplest, yet most complex sentences ever put in a screenplay.  mel  gibson gives the performance of a lifetime here, and he wins my respect for  these three hours of wonder.
B0000060NF|5.0|Will this album ever sound dated? Let's hope not. In 1971, Motown's first certified sex symbol cast off the burden of being a hit making-machine and transformed himself into a true artist. &quot;What's Going On&quot; forever  shattered the myth that R&amp;B albums were simply a couple of hit singles  packaged together with a few filler cuts thrown in to balance things out.  This was (and is) simply revolutionary. From Marvin's appearance during  that era, (the longer hair, full beard, skull caps and warm-ups) to the  packaging of the product (detailed liner notes and the somber cover art)  there really has never, before or since, been anything to rival the musical  or social impact of this release. The music, of course, hasn't aged a day.  Dominated by the sound of Gaye's wondrously multi-tracked voice, the album  isn't rushed, and clocking in at just under 40 minutes, it isn't so long it  starts to bore the listener. Though it features only 9 tracks, the flawless  sequencing and jazzy,languid pace of the songs gives it the feel of a  sprawling epic, most notable on &quot;Right On&quot;. Trying to divide this  into separate songs is pretty much an exercise in futility since this was  obviously intended as a suite, not a &quot;hits&quot; collection. The  opening title track has become a perrenial radio favorite and followed by  the equally stirring &quot;What's Happening Brother&quot;, the tone is  initially one of sorrow and awareness of how the world around us is  decaying. My favorite section of this masterpiece is &quot;Flying High in  The Friendly Sky&quot; a dreamy meditation on Marvin's use of mind altering  chemicals( 'So stupid minded, I can't help it, But I go crazy when I can't  find it&quot;) that leaves the listener drifting in it's haze. &quot;Mercy  Mercy Me (The Ecology), will not only prick your heart with it's depiction  of the enviroment's destruction, but the music (orchestra, chior, James  Jamerson's outstanding bass playing, the congas echoing in the back) and  Marvin's understated vocals, are wonders unto themselves. I could go on  forever about this album but words alone simply can't do it justice, you  must hear it for yourself. And if you haven't already, what planet have you  been living on? No matter what format you find it on, vinyl, CD or  cassette, get it, your life and the way you hear all other music be forever  altered. Though he's been gone from us for over 16 years now, Marvin Gaye  still casts a long shadow over all of popular music and many singers, young  and old, black and white have tried in vain to recapture some of his magic.  His genius was unparalelled, and if he had never recorded again after  &quot;What's Going On&quot;, his place in history was already secured. This  album is a national treasure, no collection is complete without it.n the back) and  Marvin's understated vocals, are wonders unto themselves. I could go on  forever about this album but words alone simply can't do it justice, you  must hear it for yourself. And if you haven't already, what planet have you  been living on? No matter what format you find it on, vinyl, CD or  cassette, get it, your life and the way you hear all other music be forever  altered. Though he's been gone from us for over 16 years now, Marvin Gaye  still casts a long shadow over all of popular music and many singers, young  and old, black and white have tried in vain to recapture some of his magic.  His genius was unparalelled, and if he had never recorded again after  &quot;What's Going On&quot;, his place in history was already secured. This  album is a national treasure, no collection is complete without it.
B000004286|5.0|first, i watched the movie.  i was blown away by how powerful and emotional it was; believe me it was very unexpected coming from a mel gibson film.  then, i listened to the soundtrack, and, knowing the story,  was so moved.  the music is so absolutely positively wonderful for this  film, and this certainly reassured my faith in the fact that composers are  still making impressionist music to this day.  upon this music by horner, i  would compare him to claude debussy, who made his music not about form, but  about getting emotions from his audience.  it's stunning.  at first, though  i think the cd is breathtaking, i was tempted to rate this with a slightly  lower rating because of the orchestrations being about ninety-eight percent  strings. then, i thought about it, and realized that that is how it should  have been; violins and cellos and all of the others create such the sublime  feelings and are so complex, there is no other family of instruments that  have such a mentality as william wallace did in this amazing film.  and the  use of bag-pipes and the kenna truly sets a picture-perfect image of  thirteenth-century scotland.  i think i'll watch the film tonight, now that  i've written this.  enjoy.
B00003CWQ2|4.0|&quot;Welcome to Fight Club, the first rule of Fight Club is you do not tell anyone about Fight Club.&quot;  David Fincher (&quot;Seven&quot; and &quot;The Game&quot;) directs this vioristic captavating picture.  Brad  Pitt stars alongside Edward Norton, Jared Leto, and Meatloaf.  Edward  Norton's obsession with his possesions and sick desire to attend group  sessions for men suffering with testicular cancer provide the background  for him to base his life... until he meets Tyler (Brad Pitt).  Fight Club  ensues from their interesting relationship and life has taken on an  entirely different meaning for our anti-hero.  Tyler's desire for power and  domination leads to a switch in pace for the film and also slows down the  pace for a dissapionting second half.  When Norton turns on Pitt the story  begins to lose focus.  Hold on to this film in the end it's a keeper.
B000028U0Y|5.0|Johnny Cash is a legend who can transcend musical boundaries. Even if you are not a big country music fan, this recording will hit you like a freight train and give you an education of what great country music is. A great  humanitarian, who played free concerts at prisons just for the sake of  entertaining some down and out men. The songs on this album will inspire  and move you. Cash really put his heart into this magnificent effort and  the powerful bonding and appreciation from the prison crowd jumps out at  you. Just listen to the intro and ending of &quot;San Quentin&quot;; if  there is one song that can sum up this great effort, this is it! You will  find yourself cheering, singing along, tapping your feet, and even wiping a  tear from your eye listening to these wonderful songs.
B00004SCX6|3.0|that's the word that defines britney and everything associated with her.  cute girl, cute voice, cute songs, cute clothes, cute body, just CUTE. if you can turn your brain down a notch (or two) you'll enjoy these catchy  songs. ooops, what u see is what you get, lucky, and can't make you love me  are the best cuts, the ballads are totally forgettable.  hey, sometimes  your brain crave a little candy, and this should do just fine.
B00000GAIW|5.0|This album holds special signifigance for me. This was the first LP I listened to many times and memorized the lyrics to every song as a child. The music and Anderson's flute drew me in and the dark forboding lyrics  echoed my feelings of the Church also. But moreso, here was a group of  talented musicians with a unique style and as I listened to and collected  all of Tull's recordings, I realized that this was their greatest work and  they were at their peak at this point. An incredible mixture of haunting  lyrics and melodies blended with hard driving rock. This easy ranks as one  of the greastest rock albums of all time.
B000002IOW|4.0|What can I say?  Presto is typical of Rush in their no holds  barred approach to song writting and lyrical content.  Presto is a fine album that is very listenable if your just looking for something to chill out with and  listen to some good groove.  However, if music is a passion for you,  Presto's lyrics and musical content become quite uplifting.   The quality  of the lyrics is superb.  As with all previous, and albums to date, they  have something to say and say it well.  They have crafted a unique sound  and it is something that changes from album to album but yet somehow is  very distiguishable as rush.  Not to many bads are able to do this and keep  to their ideals.  Rush always has and will continue to do so.
B000008H1R|5.0|Great music from Ian's &quot;angry man&quot; days. This is a young and hungry Tull and it is evident by the rough edges on these songs. But they add character and flavor to the great musicianship and intense lyrical  stories of Anderson. You can really feel the energy on the hard numbers and  the haunting lyrics and melodies of other passages blend in beautifully.  This is Tull at their rawest best.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I THINK THIS A TOP SELLER
0060930187|4.0|In the novel \\"The bell Jar,\\" by Sylvia Plath, we have the wonderful lifestyle of the character Esther Greenwood, torn apart.  This compelling novel by Sylvia Plath does not only express early sparks of feminist vibes,  but also leads the reader to a thorough understanding of depression and  suicide.  <br />Throughout the book there are constant references to men and  their importance in society.  The setting is in the 1950's, but the female  reader most likely knows enough about life in the 50's to relate to the  setting. Many things in this book are based on gender.  At about the middle  of the novel, we have a prime example of this.  Esther is at a maternity  ward, with a \\"boyfriend\\" no less, and is told that she should not watch a  birth that is going on in the room.  As a female, I must say that this  scene did indeed make me cringe; but why should it be made a general  assumption that all women would?   Also during this scene, Esther is shown  the dead fetuses that have been kept for observation.  This is yet again-  not something that she is asked to see, yet also not something that bothers  her. As said throughout the novel- Esther herself would not be happy as a  wife, let alone a mother.  I was given the impression that she looked at  being a mother and a wife as being a slave.  \\"This seemed dreary and wasted  life for a girl for a girl with fifteen years of straight A's, but I knew  that's what marriage was like, because cook and clean and wash was just  what Buddy Willard's mother did from morning till night, and she was the  wife of a university professor and had been a private school teacher  herself.\\"  Esther was trapped under the bell jar- locked away from all else  in the world...why would she want to increase this distant feeling?<br />There  is a portion of this book that I felt to be very symbolic that no other  reviews have seemed to touch upon- that being the metaphor about the fig  tree. Sylvia stated that \\"From the tip of every branch, like afat purple  fig, a wonderful future beckoned and wrinkled.\\"  All of these figs were  different routes in her life that she could take- a plethora of  opportunities before her that began to tear her apart.  Yet again- there is  references to the trapping of her soul inside of her own brain and  thoughts.  Inside the bell jar. As the denouement approaches, Sylvia's  character of Esther is sent to an asylum for a depressive mental breakdown  that has been foreshadowed to the reader through out the book.  Here she  remains in a world that is new to her- a world of electroshock therapy,  various asylums, and an increased state of self-dissatisfaction.  This book  took the reader on a real life journey through the life of novelist/poet  Sylvia Plath- from her odd obsession with the Rosenbergs, to the last lines  of her 'note on the book' \\"to the person in the Bell Jar, blank and stopped  as a dead baby, the world it self is a bad dream.&quot;
B00001NFCY|4.0|This CD has a little bit of everything. Some hard rock and some soft rock. It depends what kind of mood you're in to listen to the different songs.So I say 4 stars!  And two thumbs up from me! Buy this CD; you won't regret  it!
0783225733|5.0|Even though I hope to become an astronaut in 10 years or so, I didn't see  this film when it was released in 1995. Now, 6 years later, the DVD version  does it great credit. This is truly an inspiring film, with stellar  performances from the entire cast. The CG effects in the movie are  spectacularly realistic. Although it's not 100% techically or historically  accurate, it still leaves you with great respect for the Apollo 13  astronauts and the flight crew that brought them home. This film is a  tribute to Ron Howard's directing genius and to human ingenuity.<br />If  you're going to purchase this film, get the special edition DVD. It's  loaded with goodies, including the film's theatrical trailer, an  interesting short &quot;making of&quot; film, and lots of data on the cast  and crew. Universal really does a good job with their DVDs (I have their  DVD release of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD) and I'm very impressed with the  quality.<br />In conclusion, this is a must-buy film for any space enthusiast  or anybody who loves watching exciting historical films. The musical score  by James Horner is out of this world, and as I said before, the acting is  teriffic. Add this to your wish list or shopping cart now. You won't regret  it.
0679720200|2.0|For a while in this book it appears that the Mr. Meursault is living a normal life with a girlfriend, a few friends, and everything else included in most people's daily life.  When his friend asks him to get involved in a  plot to get back at a girl that dumped him, his life takes a drastic turn.   This is the only real part of the story that at all caught my attention.   Up until this point, I had really struggled through the book.  As the book  goes on, Mr. Meursault is jailed for a crime and sentenced to death.  This  is the turning point in the book.  Throughout the book, he tries to  understand why people attempt to begin new lives.  After his mother dies,  Mr. Meursault learns she had become very close to one of the men in the  nursing home where she was living.  He also learns that the two had been in  love and were supposedly engaged.  He doesn't understand why anyone who is  close to death would become involved in that way with another human being.   At the end of the book, when he is in his jail cell, he discovers that just  because you near the end of your life, it does not mean that you are dead  yet and that you should approach everything as if you will live forever.   Throughout the book, he argued with people about the existence of a God.   When the chaplain comes to talk with him, he yells at him.  The two argue  about what God is and he goes off on the chaplain yelling that he believes  there is no after life, so there is no need for God in his life.  When the  chaplain leaves Mr. Meursault is left to think about what he has said and  done.  He began to understand why his mother began a new life.  Even as  life dies, in a way it begins again. <br />From the first page, you are  stunned at what is said by Mr. Meursault.  His actions confuse you and you  stumble over the words, reading them over again and again.  This is a book  that can be read on many different levels.  On one hand, if you enjoy  really reading a book, reading between the lines, then this is a very good  book for you.  If you are able to comprehend what the man is saying, you  see a picture of what life really is; a strange twisted world in which an  innocent man is taken, put in strange situations and then made a victim of.   If you are a kid just trying to pick a short book to read for a report,  you may want to look somewhere else.  This book is one that must be read  several times over to fully understand what is being said and what is  happening. I can honestly say that this is the most, bizarre, twisted, and  in a way, frightening books I have ever read.  Maybe that's why it's a  classic.
B000002NIW|5.0|I own almost 200 cd's, and this one still remains my favorite. It is very heavy but at the same time very melodic, and where most bands go too much in one direction, the deftones perfectly balance the two. Abe Cunningham  and Chi Cheng are an excellent rhythm section, complimenting the music in  the best way possible and always keeping things tight and powerful. Stephen  Carpenter has, without a doubt, one of the best guitar tones in all of  heavy music, it just shreds. His unique riffs and Chino's voice blend  together perfectly and always keep you listening. If you dont own this yet,  you are missing out on one of the best cd's of the 90's.
6305181772|5.0|This movie is BEYOND WORDS. The plot is sophisticated, and at the same time incredibly well structured. I own the movie, and have seen it at least 30 times, and still learn a couple things i didn't know every time i see  it. The cast is made up of, well, the best. i couldn't think of ANY actor  who could play a better part for the character each of the actors played.  this movie is so far ahead of any other movie created, the more you see it,  the more you grow to love it. it does take a great deal of thinking, the  plot takes many twists and turns, and it's hard to follow, which is a big  reason why i love it so much. the finale of the movie is just incredible,  gets your adrenaline THROBBING. the music fits in PERFECTLY with the  action. i HIGHLY recommend this movie, and do hope that you enjoy it.
B000002IFP|5.0|I played it on my way to work just this morning.  I have a collection of 1000 cd's and this is one of my favorites!  Trust me on this, Simply Red has never been better.
B00003CX5A|4.0|I skipped SLEEPY HOLLOW in the movie theatres because I was scared of the decapitations.  I'm not a fan of movie violence.  PRIVATE RYAN practically wrecked me!  But I am a Tim Burton fan, as well as Johnny Depp.  So I  viewed this film last week and had a ball!  Its advertising tag-line  &quot;Heads Will Roll&quot; is appropriate.<br />First, the film jettisons the  SLEEPY HOLLOW story I was familiar with.  Which is fine with me.  I'm not a  stickler for faithful adaptations.  Ichabod Crane is reinvented as a  &quot;nellie&quot; intellectual.  Mr. Depp's performance is very good.<br />As  far as the decapitations go, I found them lots of fun.  Not gory at all!   They gave the film a needed lift and playfulness.<br />Mr. Burton's usual  attention to set design and overall mood is meticulous.  I like the fact  that this film is photographed on sets.  The design is sumptuous.<br />As for  the DVD, I think they've done a great job.  The documentary is wonderful.   It shows you how much a medium-budgeted film needs to stretch things --  i.e. they never seemed to have a big enough stage to house some of the  sets, thus fog and forced- perspective were utilized to make it look  bigger. Very interesting!<br />I loved SLEEPY HOLLOW.  Great DVD!
B000002IFP|5.0|I played it on my way to work just this morning.  I have a collection of 1000 cd's and this is one of my favorites!  Trust me on this, Simply Red has never been better.
B00003Q438|5.0|This DVD is an excellent example of the superiority of the DVD format.  There is so much information on this DVD, any Abyss fan can become an expert on every aspect, from the making of the movie to the script  rewrites.  This James Cameron masterpeice is shown in it's entirety, yet  the theater cut is also included.  There is such an incredible amount of  information on this DVD, one is overwhelmed!  This is a great gift for  anyone just starting a DVD collection, or looking for a great classic.
0812550757|5.0|For as much as I loved Ender's game, Speaker for the Dead is a far better book, imho. People complain about the &quot;lack of action&quot; in Speaker, but what action is missing in Speaker is more than made up for in  human drama.  Card excels in characterization and no where else have I  found such compelling and real characters.  My heart ached for Novinha and  her children.  For Miro after the surprise revelation, for Marcao whose  life was wasted away.  These are real people with real problems.  They were  problems that any one of us could be faced with. I rooted for them to  succeed. I cheered when they did and ached when they did not. It's a  wonderful study in family dynamics.<br />We are introduced to the pequininos  and their seemingly barbaric ways, only later to find out the truth.  The  relationship between the citizens of Milagro and the Pequininos is  compelling and handled masterfully. Card exposes the paranoia and prejudice  that seems to hide in each one of us.  <br />Ender's game it's not, but in my  opinion, it's a far better read.  Simply for the human element. I recommend  you read Ender's game first, obviously, and quickly move on to Ender's  game. Speaker for the Dead is probably the my favorite book.  I can't wait  to read it again.  On to XENOCIDE!
B00001PE4D|5.0|This film does exactly what a good update of a classic movie/story should do.  It is faithful to the original plot, enough so that the fans of the original aren't left scratching their heads in confusion, yet takes several  interesing and new ideas into the new story.  The young cast, all on the  brink of superstardom when cast in this film, shine in these wonderfully  written characters.  Also, the visual style is outstandingly  beautiful...and is examined in a short featurette.  The many extras only  add to this fantastic movie, a wonderfully witty, sharp film in itself.  I  recommend this DVD 100%
B00004TH7Z|5.0|As the clock struck 12:01am Pacific Standard Time on May 30th, 2000, in the great state of California, I was able to purchase Brave New World, as many other late night souls lined up outside our local music store, waiting for them to unlock their doors. Once inside, and knocking down advertisements for the latest waste of a musical CD (see Kid Rock, Brittany  Spears and other such musical maladies), I clutched, in my hands, the fresh  release and could not wait to plunk down my $$$. After  waiting for the registers to warm up, the music store employee (who looked  about as tired as a college student up all night cramming) scanned my CD,  took my cash and I was out the door ready to jump in my car and race home  at the speed of light to listen to the new CD. After what seemed like  divine intervention (and possibly due to lack of traffic at 12:11am) I made  it home in record time. I prayed to the stereo gods that my CD player would  work, and as I powered it up, I saw the familiar warm glow of my CD  readout. I was beginning to tremble. I struggled to get the damn plastic  and sticky thingy off the CD and was marveling at the art on the cover.  With much anticipation, I carefully pulled the CD out from the case (sure  it would snap in half, as it always sticks in the case), placed it in the  CD tray and pushed close. I hit the play button and closed my eyes. For the  next hour and some odd minutes, I was in Metal heaven as Steve Harris,  Bruce Dickinson, Adrian Smith, Dave Murray, Nicko McBrain and Jannick Gers  proved to me, that Metal is not a dead genre. Changed?...Absolutely, since  everything does. Maybe the people who once flocked the music stores in the  1980's have changed as well. But, this new release should have ALL Metal  fanatics in a tizzy. I will not bore you with my blow by blow opinion of  each song....like you really care. But....know this. This CD represents  possibly the greatest Metal CD ever produced since Seventh Son of a Seventh  Son. ...SO REJOICE BROTHERS AND SISTERS. Iron Maiden has given us Brave New World  (rather fitting if you thing about it), so listen to it.......digest  it.......let the sound energize and help us all come to the realization  that as somethings change.....the better it gets.
B00003000M|4.0|Just as many feel that Bob Marley's recordings should remain in their pure and original form, I felt that it couldn't hurt to put today's hip hop/R&amp;B's talents with the legendary vocals of Bob Marley.  After  listening to the album I was surprised at how completely amazing the  remixes were.  &quot;Turn Your Lights Down Low&quot; is simply phenomenal,  and I don't think that Mr. Marley himself would have picked anyone better  to give him his tribute than Loryn Hill.  This CD is excellent and I would  DEFINITELY recommend it to anyone, including those who feel that Marley's  songs should be left in their original form, because I feel that they would  be pleasantly surprised.
0812548094|4.0|Nice book. It has degrated little from the first of the series, Wizard's First Rule, but it still carries Goodkind's genuity. The only fault I could find was the sort of dropping off at the end. All the problems are solved  within 50 pages and you don't get any more information on what happened to  the imperial order. If the book continued to a longer length then it would  earn the extra star. Some unexpected turns were taken and I was always  craving to read more. The writing is good and fast paced but the map is  indefinite at best. The writing truly is a great work and I hope it can be  maintained in the next book's of the series which I am yet to read. If you  read Wizard's First Rule, read this.
0449002632|4.0|Edward Rutherford is the British James Michener!  Now he just has to do &quot;Paris&quot; and &quot;Rome&quot;!       If you have been to London you will love it more after reading this book, and if you haven't been, you  will want to go.  Facinating history, story, and characters!
0679720200|2.0|In my opinion, The Stranger was a very weird novel about a man who goes through life seeming not to care about many things. The novel starts off with the line, My mother died today, or maybe it was yesterday. He doesn't  have any emotion what so ever, even towards the sudden tragic death of his  mother. After the funeral, he meets a guy in his apartment building named  Raymond. Monsieur Meursault and Raymond become good friends after talking  for some time.  Monsieur Meursault becomes involved with a girl named  Marie. After a while of dating, she asks him if he loved her, and he  responds by saying no. Then he says I guess when she asks him to get  married. This is such an important step in someone's life, and he doesn't  even care about just jumping into it so soon. He doesn't even love this  girl, but still he decides to get married.  One day Raymond asks  Monsieur Meursault if he and Marie want to spend the day with he and his  friends at the beach. Meursault gladly accepts this offer. Little does he  know that what happens today, will change his life forever. At the bus  station, Raymond spots one of his enemies, standing near by. He is an Arab,  that had got in a little heap with Raymond a couple of weeks ago. As  Raymond spots him, he says nothing and quietly gets on the bus.  When they  get to Masson and his wife's house on the shore, Raymond sees the Arabs on  the beach, sitting behind a rock. He tells Meursault to hold his gun, just  incase something the Arab tries something slick. Sure enough the Arab pulls  out a knife and stabs Raymond in the arm. Meursault did nothing to help his  friend, but take him to the house to get him cleaned up. As he was sitting  there, thinking about what he should have done, he decides to go out and  confront the Arab.  Instead of talking it out, Meursault does the stupid  thing, and shoots the Arab point blank and kills him. The story ends with  him going to court, and being sentence with the death penalty. The author  doesn't tell you what happens to Raymond, Marie, and Masson. The tone was  very passive about many things. Many of them would have a great effect on  normal people with emotions. The main character, Meursault is the same way  the author is, with the way he doesn't care about things. Overall, I  thought this was very different from most others that I have read. This  story takes place around Paris, France. In some parts of this novel, it  tends to become redundant. Everyday he goes to work. Then he goes out with  a friend and then he goes to bed. After a while, the reader gets to know  his daily life pretty good. Maybe the killing of the Arab was good for him,  that it was something different and exciting for a change.
B000002JOH|4.0|This is an old cd but is still one of the best cd's i own. This is probably their best album to date &amp; is a must for anyone who likes Pantera. Anouther album worth getting is &quot;reinventing the steel&quot;  which is their latest album &amp; is almost as good as this one.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I had this album pre-ordered as soon as I found out about it.  I was simply mesmerized by Fiona's first album, &quot;Tidal&quot;.  As soon as I got it, ripped open the packaging and put it on, I feverishly searched for  a song to match the incredible ballad from &quot;Tidal&quot;, &quot;Never  Is a Promise&quot;.  To my disappointment, only one tune really matched up  with this, which I still love as much as when I first heard it, &quot;Love  Ridden&quot;.  Slowly, as I willed myself to listen to the rest of the CD,  I found others that really moved me, especially the last track, &quot;I  Know&quot;.  As I continued to listen, slowly I grew to love the entire CD.   I especially love the power and anger present in &quot;Fast As You  Can&quot;, the manic beat makes me want to move everytime I hear it.   &quot;I Know&quot; is especially a favorite of mine because you can really  connect to Fiona's jazz roots with her sultry voice and slow cool rhythms.   Fiona's voice is simply stunning, at one moment can draw tears and the  other moment fill you with rage, this combined with her amazing piano  skills are simply a beautiful and moving combination. Give this album a  chance, I doubt you will be disappointed.
B0000033IS|5.0|I believe this album is the most perfect album ever made. Every song is a gem, they fit together perfectly, and the listener is transported to her soul. Even great musicians have songs that feel phoned in, or are filler,  but this collection does not miss. Should be a part of every music  collection.
B00000IOSU|5.0|For me, the most beautiful female voice and best CD I've ever heard. She creates a romantic and mystic atmosphere when you are listening to this alive concert. Get it! you won't be disappointed, trust me.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|At first, I heard The Wickerman, and thought well, it's good... After hearing the album the first time, it sounds like the X Factor... But hear the thing more times, and men, how it grows into you. This is their best  since Seventh Son. &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot;, &quot;Nomad&quot;,  &quot;Out of the silent planet&quot; are extremely maiden classic songs.  The other ones, just as good. No filler songs here. Honestly, it's  impossible to give 5 stars to this album, symply because there's toooooo  much history behind this guys. &quot;Children of the Damned&quot;,  &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot;, etc, etc, etc. Anyway a GREAT album!   UP THE IRONS!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is one Hell of an album and now they have 3 great guitar players and the greatest bass player in the world plus they have the greatBruce Dickinson.  The best songs on this album are The WickermanBlood Brothers  The MercenaryThe Fallen AngelThe Nomad The Thin Line Between Love and  HateYou will like this album
0784011214|4.0|Personally , I liked this film. The overall picture and the script was a nice follow up to First Blood.     Rambo was made to be a &quot;bigger than life&quot; character , so who better than him to send on this mission?  Colonel Trautmen (Richard Crenna) visits Rambo in jail and tells him there  is a mission. Rambo doesn't hestate to accept.     Captain Murdock heads  the operation and tells Rambo that he needs to go on a mission back to  Vietnam to see if there are any hostages still there , but he only wants  him to take pictures , basically leaving him for dead. As the movie goes on  Rambo discovers Murdocks' plan and must survive the Vietnam jungles all  over again to get revenge on him.     This movie is action packed and very  stallonish if you like sly , which I'm sure you do. Besides this is old  haven't you seen it?
B00003XB8K|5.0|I had first bought the 3rd enigma cd and of course fell in love - then with the quick addition of the first two cd's I became a deovte enigma fan. I love the music, it resonates and it ascends. This cd, while much shorter  to my dismay, is such a gem in itself. Camera Obscura is magnificent and to  short, traces is the most hypnotic song. Enigma's continual theme of  completey ascension driving songs and sensuous/sexy music creates the  atmosphere needed for a mind and heart expanding experience. The screen  behind the mirror is not to  be missed, while it could be longer with the  re addition of Sandra Cretu(I agree with the other review who said the  same)I await and hope there is another addition to Enigma's own legacy.
B00000IQBL|4.0|I actually give this film 4 and a half stars.  This is because I agree with most that the second half was less adequate than the first.  I believe that Kubrick did not really bring out possible psychological conflicts of  Joker's personality in regards to his decision to &quot;finish off&quot;  the sniper (the supposed climatic aspect of this anti-war message-laden  film).  It would have been more congruent to see Joker's humanity parallel  to that of Private Pyle's in the first scene.<br />And speaking of Private  Pyle in the first scene, I am still in great awe.  Pyle's &quot;psychotic  break&quot; ( a direct result of his dehumanization) would be completely  covered up and written off as a forgettable occurance by army officials if  this were to happen in real life (as it probably has happenned many times  in the U.S.Armed Forces).  Kubrick is one to examine the causes of human  violence and psychological disturbances in man and how we, as a society,  respond to it. The nonchalantness of Kubrick's filmmaking style reflects  the message that we as a species are so desensitized, that we are more apt  to label Pyle as behaving due to extreme inadequacy rather than one who  feels without options in a brutal, harsh, and pointless environment.   Perhaps Kubrick is saying: &quot;We all torture Pyle (as did all the other  privates in the film) just for possessing a jelly do-nut, rather than  blaming those who make the rules and actually cause the pain.&quot;<br />Im  pleased that so many have been touched by this film and feel the same way  that I do about it.  It brings me hope for the human race.
B00004TH83|5.0|This singer is an angel unknown and should be heard today. She has the softness of Barbra Streisand, and the power of Mariah Carey and Celine Dion. Without doubt, she will become a &quot;Super star.&quot; I would  recommend the Album to everyone who enjoys good music.  Lara Fabian is a  treasure for years to come.
B00000JCOV|5.0|My friend kept telling me to buy this CD and i kept refusing to every time. Everyone in my school who liked Metal was in love with slipknot. On my way down to a KoRn concert in New Jersey my friend put it on and i  really liked it. I bought the CD as soon as i could. I used to like RATM,  Limp Bizkit, and Korn the best. After listening to this all the other bands  seemed to be in slow motion. The song (sic) is the best song on the CD and  it has awsome guitars and drum parts in it. The whole CD is so fast heavy  and intense. The drumers in this band are incredible! In every other band i  felt like the drummer was there keeping the beat. in this band the drummers  keep the beat and kik a$$ because all of the drummers sound like a musical  opus! Sufacing is another really good song. it is heavy and fast. if u like  fast music get this CD because it is full of fast insane loud music! i  can't think of anyother band as good as this one. The Deftones don't even  come near Slipknot. Slipknot is the future music with explosive creativity.  This band has the best creativity and the catchiest tunes. the longest i've  listened to this CD was about 3 hours. Every song is different. All the  other bands sound the same. If you like RATM, KoRn(they are awsome too,  Limp Bizkit, Staind, and the Deftones you will absolutely love this band!
B00003XB8K|5.0|This CD is best listened to in a dark room, prepare yourself for the journey of a lifetime.  Bringing you places you have never been and places you would want to return after listining to the CD for the hundredth time.   Wonderful sounds and entracing rhythms, i love it!
0553212737|5.0|&quot;Emma&quot; is definitely Jane Austen's best and most humorous book.  The quirky characters, comic faux pas, and Emma's adventures in matchmaking keep you very entertained.  Although it's funny, the vocabulary can be  challenging.  (Austen had an astounding vocabulary for never even having  gone to a secondary school!)  If you need a classic and want some laughs  along the way, &quot;Emma&quot; is the book for you.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Eminem's new album the Marshall Mathers LP might be more intense than his last album the Slim Shady LP, but he still speaks the truth. On this album,  he disses out artists like Christina Aguilera, Insane Clown Posse, Puff   Daddy, Will Smith, Britney Spears, and all those bubblegum boy bands,   putting them in their place. The most spine-tingling track on the album is   KIM, with his violent screams and antics that make you listen to him like   you ain't never heard him before. If you liked his first album, you   absolutely must get this one. He definately is the real slim shady, and   there's a little in all of us.
B00004TH83|3.0|I bought this CD because I am a huge fan of Celine Dion and Barbra Streisand and I heard many people comparing Lara to them. While her vocal styles are similar to Celine, her songs just don't have enough to keep my  attention. She is no way comparable to Barbra. I don't think she should be  compared to anyone. She has her own style. She's a very powerful vocalist  but her songs need work. This album reminds me of Celine Dion's earlier  albums. Perhaps Lara will grow into a more suitable style for her voice. I  don't see this album being a hit in America.
B00000DHRX|4.0|If you don't want to go out and buy all of Geoge Michael's CD's (and shame on you for not wanting to do so) than this is a great alternative. Some personal faves like Hand to Mouth, They Won't Go Where I Go, and Soul Free  were left off but like every Greatest Hits compilation you can't always get  what you want. A couple surprising faves make it on here (Cowboys and  Angels, Hard Day, and I Knew you were Waiting) along with critical darlings  like Jesus to a Child, Freedom, and I Can't Make You Love me. All in all a  worthy work of such a great artist. The only reason I didn't give it five  stars was it doesn't have every song from Listen Without Prejudice which is  truly his  greatest album
B000000H57|2.0|ok, im not sure about some people, but this is not what i thought it would be...different..some tracks are just noise...there was one i liked...my girlfriends girlfriend...however, ill give it two stars for that, and i  respect the work they put into it....
B0000027F8|5.0|I can think of no other CD that gets me in a more reflective mood than this does. This CD is an absolute treat. It's hard to believe that the guy that put the bubble in his bubble-gum CD Faith(I really like the CD but it  isn't the strongest lyrics you can hope for) could pour so much meaning  into this one. I am a big mark for George Michael and even tho this CD was  panned initially as being soapy and slow I decided to give it a whirl. It  hits hard right off the bat with Praying For Time which leads me to believe  that he wanted to get as far away from a Faith type sound as possible.  We've all seen the video for Freedom and the version on the CD is an  extended one which builds nicely. Again meaning in the song. His next few  songs are touchy-feely types but eminently listenable and worth getting  emotionally involved in espesh They Won't Go..... Just when you think  you've run the gamut the next two songs while totally different stoke you  nonetheless. Cowboys and Angels, soft, longing, wispy and swaying. It's  hard to convey just what this album means to me. And I haven't even  described the second side! This is by far his greatest worjk and an  absolute masterpiece if you Listen Without Prejudice. Get into the mood of  the music, turn the lights down and relax. This CD will have you  experiencing emotions you may not have realised you had if you let it.
0380788624|5.0|This time Neal tells two stories in one, spanning several generations. ...and makes you wait 'till the last 50 pages to tie up all the *many* threads. It takes a few hundred pages to draw you in, but once it does you  won't put it down and it's worth every page!  There is less  culturally-oriented social commentary than in Diamond Age and more  relationship-oriented commentary...immensely entertaining, especially if  you or your &quot;better half&quot; is a software engineer. And there's  just enough of this to complement the fantastic story without getting in  its way. Incidentally, it's not sci-fi. It tracks some modern day high-tech  entrepreneurs as their business plan(s) are progressively mangled by events  rooted in World War II. (It's worth buying for the business plan chapter  alone!) Neal's best yet!
B000005ALN|3.0|This CD gets better with time. While nowhere close to Listen Without Prejudice this album is a step up lyrically from Faith. I think I barely made it through the CD the first time in one piece. I didn't care for it at  all. And then some of the remixed CD singles came out. Spinning The Wheel,  and Star People are much better in their up-tempo versions (espesh the  former). This is a very slow-progressing album and it was a bit of a  disappointment to me after waiting so long after Listen.....
B000003S0F|5.0|The name King Crimson has been used by Robert Fripp for a number of fairly different-sounding  groups over the past thirty years. I started with the first album (\\"In The Court...\\") and bought all the releases from the first  two incarnations (1969-1971 and 1973-1975). <br />The first two albums were  very good (\\"Court\\" and \\"Poseidon\\") but I found \\"Lizard\\" a bit of a mess.  Not expecting much from the fourth, \\"Islands\\", I was very pleasantly  surprised to find that it was magnificent! My friends all loved it too.  Even though I later lost interest in Crimson and have not got much out of  the later releases that I have heard, this album has always been high on my  list and it is the only Crimson album I have bought on CD.<br />Imagine my  surprise, then, when I started reading articles in recent years calling  \\"Islands\\" their nadir. I couldn't believe it! Is it that the fans who liked  the heavier material found it too lightweight? It's good to see so many  reviewing it here who love it like I do! <br />I can't really compare it to  other Crimson releases - there's virtually none of those \\"stop/start/heart  attack\\" tempo changes or herds of stampeding elephants. Some of it, like  the title track, just flows and is really beautiful. `Sailor's Tale', on  the other hand, vies with `Starless' as their most exciting piece.  The  only CD I've ever heard that sounded even remotely like \\"Islands\\" was  \\"Spirit Of Eden\\" by Talk Talk (which, interestingly, is hailed as a  masterpiece by many who probably should also listen to this gem!)<br />I have  just finished playing the new, 30th anniversary edition of \\"Islands\\". The  fantastic HDCD remastering job makes it sound even better! If you can find  it, get the limited edition with the miniature LP sleeve (UK). Even if you  miss that, the new remaster is available in a standard jewel case and is  the one I strongly recommend tracking down as the sound is far superior to  the 1989 version.
B000001ZSF|5.0|One of the best albums by Jarre. In my opinion as good as Oxygene 1-6. Chronologie part 6 is the best for me. Even before it starts it has a dramatic build up with sound effects. Part 2 sounds phenomenal when the  beat starts and part 4 is a good disco song. A must for any Jean Michel  Jarre fan.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This CD is so original. The slower songs sound like a catchy modern blues that is completely irrestible, and the fast songs are quite easy to dance to. I found myself identifying with the lyrics, they were written well, and  the music itself is retro and futuristic, calming and exhilirating, and  better and best. :)
B000007R1M|5.0|A classic album which inspired The Human League, Ultravox et cetera. An excellent recording for 1978. Metropolis introduces synthetic sounds never heard before. In my opinion The Robots is better on The Mix. The Model is a  good song but nowhere near the standard of The Robots or Metropolis. Neon  lights presents the best vocals of the group. Rumour has it that the  clothes worn by Kraftwerk on the album cover are that of the S.S.
B000000OQY|2.0|This was a dissapointing follow up to their first album. Most of the songs are acoustic and a lot duller than any track on &quot;Appetite For Destruction&quot;. Buy it if you're a die-hard Axl worshipper, otherwise  leave it be.
B000001Y42|5.0|Limp Bizkit. One of the greatest bands ever. Like Korn, they are Rapcore, but unlike korn, there is no &quot;R&quot; in their name.(Pointless Info) If you like Korn you will like Limp Bizkit. This CD is better than Significant Other for it is heavier. Yet the songs in Significant other are  still amazing. 3 $ Bill's best songs are 1,2,3,4. For all of those who  think that Bizkit and Korn are ruining metal, they can go lock themselves  in a dark room with no food or water and listen to Brittany Spears for the  rest of their messed up lives. 3 $ Bill, have got to get it, definitly  worth it!
B000003C4M|5.0|This was the album that started it all. Black metal at it roughest, hardest and meanest, there was no other band like Venom. When Cronos and crew went into the studio, they were under the impression that they were  recording a demo and accounts partially for the very rough and unpolished  sound. Every track here is a death metal classic: In Nomine Satanas, A  Thoudand Days In Sodom, Witching Hour, Sons of Satan, Angel Dust, you name  it. This is the most hard-hitting album ever recorded by any band.  Definitley NOT for the faint-hearted!
0767802659|3.0|From Verhoeven we get the likes of Showgirls, Robocop and Total Recall.  The trailors for this film did'nt do it much justice.  The theatre going crowd saw what looked to be a campy sci-fi ride with no real meat behind  it.  What this film turned out to be was a visually fun statement on  anti-war, anti-voilence, and the insanity of it all.<br />    Everything else  was pure &quot;put it in your microwave, on a tortilla, for one heck of a  cheese crisp&quot; filmaking.  But even the cheese tastes good because it  is presented in this silly &quot;look how cool I look&quot; attitude that  you can't help but to laugh at.  The news reels are particularily clever as  we see how the press sensationalizes the actions we have previously seen.   Much like Robocop, Verhoeven puts his 'desensitized society' agenda in full  swing.  We see the 'bugs' getting slaughtered, but a censored sacrifice of  a cow.  The militant Mormon group getting whacked was amusing as well.<br />     Visually this film is fun and the effects are well thought out and  excellently executed.  The script is light and I think the dialogue could  have been much more intelligent than it was.  But then the scales even out  as you consider that maybe that's the point of the whole movie.
B000000P17|5.0|This is by far Axl and company's best release to date. It contains covers of older punk rock songs that supposedly influenced the bad. This album has real attitude and GnR has managed to capture a tiny bit of the  agressiveness of real punk. Duff finally gets to sing a few songs, and as  he was the only true rocker in the band, that is a definite plus with me. A  great buy if you're into punk rock, not so great if you're a glam fan.
0783225881|4.0|Kevin Costner stars in a pretty hokey movie by writer-director Phil Alden Robinson that tests its viewers' credulity, patience, and good will. Sure, it's pseudo-mystical, pseudo-religious, and manipulative as hell. But a  charming cast (Costner, Amy Madigan, James Earl Jones, Burt Lancaster, et  al.) and James Horner's powerful music hold you, until Robinson's  screenplay ties up the loose ends of a sentimental story about a man coming  to terms with the dead father he'd never known. Oh yeah, and they play some  baseball.
0446677450|2.0|Writer 's expression is correct. we did not learn about control of money. untill now i only was concern to be expert or good worker. but he know that is not a mean of settling. we change our mind about money. this book is  helpful to get rich idea about your finance in lifelong. sorry to my poor  english...
B000002U82|5.0|This rock album, recorded in 1973, is Pink Floyd's most enjoyable album to listen to.  It's one of those albums that you can just put on repeat and listen to it over and over and over again and not be bored.  It takes a few  sittings, but just about everybody who listens to this album calls it their  favorite Pink Floyd piece, sometimes their favorite piece of music in  existance.  The album is pretty much one piece of music, as alot of the  album has the tune of &quot;Breathe&quot;, with interesting other tunes,  such as Time, Money, Us and Them, and the album's finale;  Brain Damage and  Eclipse.  The songs flow freely, one right into the next, with the only  moment of silence being when Great Gig in the Sky changes to Money.  That,  of course, is where you would flip over the record back in the day.  Owning  this album is well worth it, because you can use it just as some good  listening material, or you can synchronize it with the movie The Wizard of  Oz.  Just hit &quot;mute&quot; on your TV, press play for the CD on the  third roar of the MGM logo and see what happens!  It's quite amazing.  The  guitar work is great, the lyrics are Roger's best, and guest singer Claire  Torry is outstanding in The Great Gig In The Sky.  Enjoy this album!
B00000K0DU|2.0|Even gore hounds will be disappointed with this boring, laughable flick from the ultimate Italian hack, Lucio Fulci, who bears the full responsibility for this mess since he wrote it as well.  If you can watch  the murder scenes without laughing from the duckman's voice, your are  stronger than I.  It's just downright awful this film, and it's obvious  that Fulci had some major problems with women.
B000002NFM|4.0|I have all of prodigy's cd's right down to the singles and i'm impressed with this one also. Although it is a stray from their 'usual style', most people only know Prodigy for this cd. I would recommend 'the Prodigy  Experience' or 'Music for the Gilted Generation' before this one.
B00003CWN3|4.0|This film is one of the most gripping and tormenting films I've watched, even though it's decidedly difficult for me to relate to the people and scenes in Falls City; I am a student attending a New England prep school  for intellecutally gifted girls from mostly socially prominent families,  and it's hard for me to imagine squandering precious time in bars,   loitering around in squalid settings without a single purpose in  life.<br />Also, I take exception to many reviewers'  praises about Hilary  Swank's acting. She's a good actress, but she's no where close to the  breathtaking talents possessed and displayed by the likes of Emily Watson,  Isabelle Adjani, Cate Blanchett, Natasha Regnier. Nor does she has the  incandescent beauty of a Julie Delpy.
B0000024JA|5.0|Tical is one of those Albums that never gets old, even if you listen to it quite a long time. There is notthing that could make it better, and this is a rare thing. Meth always sounds tight and thoughtful, the dark RZA  production makes it even more gloomier and impressive. Even when Meth  sounds &quot;commercial&quot; like &quot;You're all I need to ...&quot; he  doesn't sell out for a second on this CD. If there is anybody out there  that hasn't got this album ( I can hardly imagine) I would highly recommend  it!
6305892946|3.0|I`ve already seen this film and i suspected better, but it was still good. Don`t read this if you don`t want to know the killer. this probably isn`t the greatest imformation but that nerdy guy in glasses is the killer and i  don`t think that sidney dies, but i know that, he is the killer for a fact.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I've never been a big Tim Burton fan.  I never really liked Edward Sissorhands, Nightmare before Christmas, or Beetlejuice.  I did like Batman and Ed Wood.  Sleepy Hollow is the perfect movie for the Burton look.  He  and Depp did a great job in this movie.  Fantastic acting on the part of  all. Even the Martin Landau was great for the few seconds he was in this at  the beginning of this film.  Definately not a movie for children.  The  movie is very graphic in it's violence but it was done very well.   Christopher Walken is great in this movie as well. Plays a great Headless  Horseman (before losing a few inches).  Once again, Johnny Depp plays his  part to perfection (he is one of the finer actors today - he's like a blank  slate when he takes on a roll and truly could play any part given to him)  All in all this is a great movie to watch around Halloween, but only when  the kids are out trick or treating.
B000000H57|5.0|I have been a fan of Type O Negative since their inception onto the music scene.  This is by far the best album they have ever made.  The smooth melodic music is enough to put you in a trance, Peter Steele's vocals and  Bass playing are perfect.  Kenny Hickey attacks his guitar with a new found  vengeance, Josh Silver is a musical genius on his keyboards.  And the  &quot;new&quot; drummer Johnny Kelly is an excellent match for this band.   All together this band has gone through some very hard times, and they have  perservered.  I recomend this album to anyone who can tolerate using their  brain. This band is like a fine wine, they only get better with age! I also  recomend their new album &quot;World Coming Down&quot;
B000002UJQ|5.0|This cd is is really hard to describe. Im a 13 year old boy who in my short years have been exposed to many cds and types of music. I have never been so blown away from any band or type of music. Radioheads music is the  best i have ever heard. OK Computer is one example of pure masterpiece. The  first six tracks are great, Karma Police especially. But to tell you the  truth the last tracks arent really the best of Radiohead. I have seen all  the great reviews on amazon and rollingstone. I could not believe it. So i  have listened to this album many times to try to understand. I realized  that yea this cd is great but WHAT ABOUT THE BENDS? I DONT GET IT. This cd  yea is a masterpiece but god The Bends is so much better. Ok Computer has  about 8 good tracks. The bends though is flawless every song is great. I  might be the only one who thinks this but The Bends is better and I cant  help thinking that. Im 13 and maybe I dont understand music like many  others but i do know that Radiohead is the best group today and that both  Ok Computer and The Bends are must buy cds.
6303402348|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen! Tom Hanks is a DAMN good actor and everyone else in it is great too! If you haven't seen this, MAKE SURE YOU DO, because you will NOT be disappointed!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|this cd is very impressive i havent heard anything this good in a while.the best songs on the cd are the wicker man,ghost of the navigator,blood brothers,the nomad.i highly reccomend this cd! maiden  forever! any metal fan should pick up this cd its well,well.worth it!UP  THE IRONS!
B0000013G9|3.0|I don't listen to this that much anymore but it used to be my favorite album. It has some good songs that carry good messages. The best songs are Creep, Kick Your Game, Red Light Special, and Waterfalls. Check it out!
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is what I was waiting to hear from a talent as great as Britney is- a strong, enjoyable CD.  This CD does not have a weak song on it, but some songs are better than others.  The best include &quot;Oops I Did It  Again&quot;, &quot;Stronger&quot;, &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To  Know&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot;.<br />The song are more adult in their tone  and Britney's singing surpasses that of her first album,  She is growing as  an artist and this show throughtout the whole CD- she even co-wrote  &quot;Dear Diary&quot;.  This is a must have for her fans.
B00004TWZF|5.0|Luc besson is one of the best directors in the film business today. He has  given us some of the best action films aswell as introducing us to the  excellent actor'Jean Reno'. His action sequences are second to none. We can  give examples of these, Niketa(french) is a non stop action film from start  to finish with some of the best camera work you are ever likely to see. He  has also written the majority of the films he directs so we know he can  tell the story with his vision and flare. He gave us the excellent Leon  with jean reno, Gary oldman. As you will see from the film he has given  gary oldman an excellent and powerful part to play, a piece that will stay  with you long after the film has finised. Check out all of luc bessons  films on amazon and I can tell you, You will convert. Happy viewing.
0780624890|5.0|I FIRST SAW BLADE ON A PAY PER VIEW CHANNEL AND REALLY ENJOYED IT. THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WERE GREAT AND THE STORY LINE WAS EXCELLENT. ONCE YOU SEE THE ORIGIN OF BLADE YOU KNOW WHY HE DOES WHAT HE DOES AND TRIES TO RID THE  WORLD OF VAMPIRES.
B000001E7V|4.0|Tricky's Maxinquaye came at a time when it was least expected, and regardless of whether it started the genre known as 'trip-hop' or not, it is still enormously influential, and an album that is both darkly  intelligent and intriguing.<br />Beginning with 'Overcome', the album takes  you on an ominous journey through Tricky's troubled psyche. The  overwhelming feeling is one of entrapment and claustrophobia. Tricky's  world is one that cannot easily be escaped from... or forgotten. Needless  to say, this isn't Britney Spears.<br />Overall though, Tricky comes through  with flying colours. If you want to know what depression and anger, mixed  with a healthy dose of sadness, sound like when put into musical form, you  don't need to look further than Tricky (although Massive Attack and  Portishead are also superb bets). <br />This is an album that is as thoughtful  as it is ominous, and is a superb introduction to one of the few remaining  'alternative' artists alive today.
B00004SCX6|4.0|britney did it agian. this is one of those cd's that you can love every song. you don't have to skip around either. she is going to have a lot of number 1 hits from this cd. she is on her way to the top. she is the next  aritha franflin. her new cd i bet is going to be way bigger than her first.  i think you should order it asap
B00003CWPR|3.0|I was amazed by the beutiful colors and lightning in this dvd. It is ashame it is only in 4:3 full screen format. Good thriller with a lot of beautiful girls in it. I found the ending a little sudden and strange.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This isn't another geeky science fiction movie like star track or  whatever.  This movie is PHAT no mattter what.  Everyone be talking bout  this movie!  For real if you haven't seen this movie then just go rent it.   It's not that big of a deal to rent it.  I think...no I know you will be  surprised how tight this movie is.
B00004ST9Q|4.0|Whitney is beautiful. I think it's wonderful that she put all of her greatest songs on one cd. That way I don't have to load up the cd changer with all of her records. The dvd is a stunning collection of all the  Whitney Houston videos we've seen before (That's okay).  It's great because  I don't have to wait for vh1 or mtv to play them.
B00004T9UF|5.0|i just got this cd 2day cuz all the stores were sold out so u know this is already a tight cd and its way better than his cd before i can't even explain it so just get it believe me youll be happy u did
B00000IQV7|1.0|Would YOU want this guy as your doctor?  I didn't think so.  This movie is bad, so don't watch it.  Watch anything else, even HOOK if you want to see Robin in a better movie.  PLEASE
6303203272|5.0|Cory has given us a terrific video here.  This is a great workout in under 30 minutes, which is key when time is limited (as it always seems to be).  She is energetic, without being overly perky, and the video does not  require lots of equipment (just some hand weights or a  barbell if you want  to get some advanced glute work in).  It's a tough workout also and you  will definitely see results.  I highly recommend this video to anyone who  needs a little toning in the abs and glutes areas.
0440234743|3.0|When I started to read The Testament, I initially found it to be a funny, witty and quite entertaining story - greedy wanna-be heirs and lawyers, and the tricks they play on each other, a merciless look at mercenaries! I  found myself laughing out loud at several occasions!<br />However, the more  pages I turned, the more I began missing a real storyline. The character of  the missionary turned heiress is quite undeveloped - she's simply &quot;too  good to be true&quot;. And the desillusioned lawyer with his addiction to  alcohol only convinces in his initial role as a relentless sarcastic. When  he progresses to insight and sobriety, he becomes boring and implausible.<br />At the end I found myself asking: Oooookay...?&quot;<br />It seems that  Grisham thoroughly ran out of steam halfway through this one. Hope the next  one will be better!
1558807381|4.0|Another visual feast from Ridley Scott.  While a somewhat 2 dimensional character set and story, it seems, on purpose, to strive for this.  Trying to mimic the simple story of a fairy tale.  The strength of the movie here  is every scene with Curry as Evil.  He is just superb.  I can't recall  seeing anything like him in this movie.  All of his scenes are just  precious.  The only improvement would have been to boost his time on  screen.
6300268993|5.0|Terrence Stamp as General Zod! Sarah Douglas as Ursa!<br />Oh, yeah, and a guy named Christopher Reeve as the only one worthy of donning Sup's tights!
B00003CX9E|5.0|Read the review by &quot;OK everyone relax&quot; from TL from USA.  I think this person sums up what is important about this film.  Indeed the photography is amazing, the fact this was made when Welles was 26 makes me  feel like a slacker, etc.  But it is really the 'man sells his soul to gain  the world' story that took a cheese grater to my heart when I first watched  the movie.  And while I'm at it, I'll just state what someone else has  said, that Welles did not go downhill after this.  Funding for his movies  did but his magic is still there.
6305622914|5.0|This movie was wonderful!  Granted, I couldn't understand all of the Northern England slang during the first viewing, but I saw the chemistry and laughed like crazy.  Once you watch it a few more times, if you're an  American I guess, you can dig deeper and start understanding some of the  other wry lines and laugh all over again. I can't see how someone wouldn't  like this marvelous flick!  Those Brits sure know how to make me laugh!  :)<br />P.S.  I didn't find much difference between the  &quot;Americanized&quot; vs. &quot;British Release&quot; on the DVD, so if  that's your only reason for getting the DVD, skip it.  However, I think the  sound and picture quality on the DVD is excellent!  The cool music sounds  pretty good on DVD with a surround sound system!
0780622553|4.0|This was more of a 3.5 star movie but I rounded up.  True, it is a beautiful looking film.  The story is intriguing.  But on my 2nd viewing I did not feel it held up to my first impresssions.  I'm having trouble  pointing to what let me down this 2nd time.  I think the acting, at times,  did not emotionally engage me.  Rather I was watching the film for the  interest of the story - the events that unfold for these characters.  But  the characters themselves did not hold me.  Replace them with another group  of individuals and I would be watching an equivalent movie.
6303481272|3.0|It goes overboard on the violence and sex sometimes , if you like it then this movie is for you, I found it distracting and gratuitous. It has some amazing character designs and a couple of complex characters, the dubbing  was not as bad as some other Anime I have seen. The story is only decent ,  as are the supporting characters.
