B005ELQVGW|5.0|With so much strife and change happening in the world, this album and it's message arrive right on time. Bj&ouml;rk, I'm right here with you! I can only help more creators like her continue to make music, art, literature, and movies that spread the notion of one's unity with the universe. We are made out of stardust.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|a lot of glitches. other than that it's fun. I'm rating this because they said they would give me points lolz
B004XWMXX8|5.0|I have this CD and i must say it is one of her best along with her other one's Can't wait to see what she will come out with next. Selena is very talented and beautiful and she's great actress as well. This is one CD if you do not have you have to have it...
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I have listened to her music before on the radio and have enjoyed some songs, but previously I've never made a purchase.  When I heard she supported Ron Paul I was impressed with her courage to speak her mind and beliefs.  I wasn't even aware of this latest album, but all the Ron Paul talk made me interested and today I bought my first Kelly Clarkson CD.  I look forward to listening and knowing she is a believer in FREEDOM and LIBERTY I now have a favorite American Idol.  Keep up the great work!
B0063IH60K|5.0|no problems with it at all. runs great, plays great. ice on nexus s. ya ya ya ya ya ya.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Wonderful tool.  I use it on my Kindle Fire.  I enjoy the reading plans.  I also like the availability of different versions of the Bible
B005HSL626|5.0|My husband and I like playing this game but my 3 three year old LOVES IT!  He always wants to play and it's easy enough for him.  My 6 year old plays but doesn't love it like my 3 year old.  I would recommend for some stress relief.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|my favorite movie of all time, but the set itself is great too. Especially at such a low price, if you have a blu ray player or ps3, just have this on hand. It'll be the best $7.49 you ever spend. The movie looks fantastic and there are really a lot of special features. Just get it.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|So far I've only used the easy setting.  I'm a player but not a great player and I really enjoy this.  The only thing I don't like is that the computer moves so fast that it makes me feel like I have to make a fast move.  Other than that I really like it.
0811875040|5.0|Okay... I baked the pink iced cake on the cover and it was yummy.  But then I made a pumpkin cake at the beginning of October.  Everyone loved it so much I made it five times that month!  We were actually a little relieved when I used the last can of pumpkin.  You know what I did next?  I put a reminder on my calendar next fall to bake it again.  Oh... and guess what?  The edges of the pages are cut in a cute scalped manner.  Really adorable.
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|got the cover in yesterday...after reading the reviews i pretty much knew what to expect, that this product is overpriced even at $30...the materials are not high quality, i could bend the front cover easily the felt is cheap just like the other reviews said..at most the cover will protect the kindle from scratches but will do very little in terms of impact or water damage...the stand is ok but can only be set to one angle which is not ideal if your placing it on a counter while standing, best if on table while sitting..but on the other hand as far as a lightweight cover it does the trick, the band also is quite handy, if your looking for something light for home use this cover is good, if your looking for a cover that can offer more protection and at a higher quality, seek elsewhere...
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Love this app! Works great on Kindle Fire. I have wifi at church so I can use it there, too. I like having lots of reading plans available.
B000YI68EA|5.0|Bellisimo, en perfectas condiciones, con todos los requerimientos totalmente cubiertos, la compra se realizo satisfactoriamente, el cliente complacido acabalidad. El reloj cuenta con todos sus empaques y garantias
0307595579|5.0|The set is fantastic! I'm glad I found it at such a great price :)I would recommend this set to a friend.
B005VPSEK2|5.0|This is the first CD/MP3 album I have purchased in probably 10 years. It is the least I can do to show appreciation for someone under the spotlight who has the courage to support one of the only principled small government politician left in Washington.   Stronger is a great album from a very talented, mature, and intelligent artist.  Thank you for your support for Ron Paul in 2012!
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|This shell is indeed lightweight and easy to use. We like that it isn't bulky and heavy, so it doesn't add any weight to the Kindle Fire for taking the Kindle with us everywhere.
B000PC8KH8|2.0|It took a long time for this item to be delivered, somehow it ended up going back to sender and had to be sent again. Aside from that, it said it was in good shape but upon arrival we opened the book and the pages all started to fall out. The purchase price was okay so we didn't take the time to send it back but the shipping was pretty high. Unfortunately for the sender they probably didn't make much money since they had to ship it twice. Just not was we expected.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|As a longtime Evernote User, I was very happy to see the very capable Aneroid app works great on my Kindle tablet.
B0063IH60K|5.0|it is fun to play also I like having the option of a winning deal. I enjoy this game, alot
B002QKZLZ6|4.0|This is a nice case, well made. I don't often use it.  I would prefer a loop rather than a belt clip.
0812548094|5.0|Terry Goodkind provides characters and plots to make the mind wonder.  I thought I enjoyed Wizard's First Rule, but literally couldn't put Stone of Tears down.  I'm not the fastest reader, but I read that book in just over a day.  Richard brings the best and worst of a character, but is such a real and true character, you can't help but follow him in the quests.
B004T4LUPW|5.0|This app allows me to have my Google calendar with me where ever I go. I can use it even when not connected to wifi and it will sync with the web version the next time I am connected. Easy and reliable, but costs more than other calendar apps. Since other calendar apps don't t sync with Google that makes this one the clear winner.
B000WS4P5G|4.0|Danzigs 1st album. Glenn Danzig sounds hauntingly just like Jim Morrison of the doors and makes you think of what you may have heard from Morrison had he went alittle heavier than what he did with the Doors. Danzig's 1st release is heavy without getting fast and hard. Danzig himself is on the edge of darkness singing of the evil side of man which may turn off many in music and leaving many not daring to venture into his style. On the other hand it gained him his own legend of fans into his angry and dark style of rock music.<br /><br />  Admittingly I was one of those who just didnt want to go down that road. I like my rock and roll to reflect on a good time.<br /><br />  But Ill say this, you can take Danzig S/T give it a listen and appreciate that it is in fact a good album. After finally listening to it at someone elses request I was bitten by the music, the basic ground roots of rock n roll slow heavy rock together with Danzigs Morrison like vocals. Yes this is a good cultish album and I had to have it in my collection. The way I listen to it is pretty much the way I view my life and the life of all mankind. We all have alittle Twist of Cain in us its just that some of us overcome while others subcome. It reminds me of the choices we have in life and that every day we fight a battle of good vs evil.<br /><br /> I enjoy it. Danzig went on to a harder darker style and in my opinion missed a chance to be bigger. His loss for that fact but again I would say that the album is worth a listen and you might enjoy its talent within, the choice is up to you. Im going to keep my copy and will listen to it again every so often.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|It shut down on my Samsung Infuse.  It's not worth having a game if it's not going to allow you to finish playing. I was almost finished my second game when it shut down.  Also, the tiles are ridiculously small.  You need a magnifying glass to make them out.
B004OCCFFI|4.0|If you love this opera, buy this set. Buy it because Jonas Kaufmann is the finest Florestan ever recorded. I'm not given to hyperbole. That statement is just the truth. I thought we'd never top Vickers; Kaufmann does.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is fine. Still, you can use the first disk (Act I) as a coaster if you want to. But the second, with its opening \\"Gott! Welch Dunkel here\\" will make your hair stand on end.<br /><br />There is no lack of good performances of Fidelio on disk. Don't throw away your Klemperer. But add this one to your collection.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you for openly supporting Ron Paul for President. For that reason, I purchased your music and will openly support you as well. I have never bought your music before, but now I'm an ardent fan!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Keep up the good work!  Have been a casual fan for a while - my kids dig your music - bought your latest album for the first time after the ruckus about the \\"Ron Paul\\" thing.  Stick to your principles and let the haters lie.
B004UID2LC|1.0|i loved this app till the new update came in a few days ago and now its basically USELESS. i cant download mp3 which was the only reason i liked this app in the first place.
B005KJZDW6|4.0|Not as bad as some wrote (the NME review for example) and it is even better than the second album; it does not reach the excellence of the first one. While overall the concept of She and Him seemed to wear thin since it was mainly based on Miss Deschanels singing, it does work quite nicely here on these Christmas songs. While maybe not a great classic per se, get it while it is available.
B004LOMB2Q|1.0|I was never able to get passed trying to put in my password.  After several tries and different combinations IFinally gave up.
B001KDQ4KQ|5.0|I couldn't put this book down!  This book is very well written and had my attention from start to finish.  One of the best books I have ever read.  I highly recommend it!
0143117009|3.0|The author is qualified to discuss the theme of the book.  He has obviously studied the subject to a great degree.  He makes valid points in linking todays world to yesterday's.  My main criticism is that a lot of trees could be saved with less repitition.  It is a struggle to stay focused while reading the book. Also an update to 2011 would make it more readable when he discusses todays society.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is actually pretty fun. going into it I thought it was going to be stupid but its actually kind of addicting.
B000N0WCLC|1.0|I LOVE the movie Blood Diamond so I was very excited when I saw it was on BluRay and for sale. One Friday night I decided to pour myself a drink and sit down to watch it. When I opened the package, I noticed the packaging was a bit strange. I popped it into the BluRay player and it said it couldn't read the DVD so I checked the bottom. First of all there was PLASTIC under the disc and secondly, I think the disk was plastic, as there was no reflection of any sort..just scratches and fingerprints. Not even a real DVD. VERY VERY VERY disappointed. Do not buy.
B0007TKNIS|5.0|i love this movie, i could watch it all day long, i dont even blink when watching this movie that how much i like it, and it was just as seller siad it would be.
B005YDLJ76|5.0|Can Beyonce do no wrong these days? This concert DVD proves her staying power, talent, and vocal ability. This is the first Beyonce DVD I've purchased, so I didn't mind the \\"life story\\" parts. The constant mentions of \\"#1\\" this or that are rather self-indulgent and rather pointless. However, it really doesn't matter because Beyonce blows it out of the park. Her voice is top form and she sounds like a million bucks on every song. She just gets better and better with age. She looks fabulous and the direction is well-done. I enjoyed the editing on 'Countdown' but was glad that it wasn't overdone on other songs. The dancing and female band make a great addition to Beyonce's powerful voice. Turn this up!!
B000AGTPUK|5.0|It's a movie...just like I thought it was!!  Arrived quickly! Couldn't want it to be any more than it was. It was sold out in all of my local stores. So Amazon came thru. It is my Sons favorite holiday movie.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|This book was engaging and relentless. It really demonstrates how far an ordinary person can go to survive and protect the ones that they love. Although this series is labeled as young adult, I find the themes to be compelling and intellectually stimulating.
B000003NA4|5.0|Una de las m&aacute;s laureadas cantantes y pianista del escenario actual del jazz es sin duda esta gran artista canadiense Diana Krall, due&ntilde;a de un talento innegable y un exquisitez de interpretaci&oacute;n maravillosas que nos trae a remembranza a otra gran artista legendaria como es Shirley Horn. Nos entrega en esta ocaci&oacute;n una selecci&oacute;n de 12 temas de Irvin, Cole y Gershwin, de las m&aacute;s intimas y delicadas composiciones. En formato de trio -esta vez sin bater&iacute;a- nos deleita con esta selecci&oacute;n rom&aacute;ntica y sensual de temas inmortales del songbook norteamericano. impecable los solos del guitarrista Malone y la presici&oacute;n arm&oacute;nica del bajista McBride.<br />El cd viene adem&aacute;s con un bonus track.<br />Disfr&uacute;tenlo
0786852550|5.0|I absolutely love this book. NOTE: in order to fully appreciate this book, YOU MUST READ THE FOOTNOTES. I know that it is annoying to have to move your eyes to the bottom of the page and then find your spot again, but the foot notes add so much to the story, and to the characters personalities. Another wonderful thing about this book is that you can read it as a bed time story, or you can look in-depth into it. I actually wrote a paper on Nathaniel/John Mandrake for school, and I had so much to write about. Jonathan Stroud is a wonderful author, and if you are going on a long road trip, I suggest getting the recorded version of this book and listening to it. That is how I was first exposed to this book, and the narrator is hilarious. Even now, when I read the book, I still hear the voice of Simon Jones dripping with sarcasm when reading some of Bartimaeus's lines. The rest of the trilogy is also very good, but the prequel it this one is my second favorite. This is a must read for fantasy lovers!
0783226837|3.0|This review pertains to the 2004 Collector's Edition DVD transfer and likely the 4-movie DVD bundle too.<br /><br />Tremors is a great movie, and always a guilty pleasure. It's a small town over-the-top horror with unique scenarios. I previously had a 720p digital file with beautiful picture clarity and vibrancy. Now, I bought the DVD and it is the worst video transfer I've ever seen.<br /><br />I can't believe they released something this bad. The picture is grainy during all scenes: light or dark, still or motion. There's easily visible compression artifacting and blurriness in everything. Prominent edge ghosting when a dark object is on a light background. There are thick black bars above and below the video stream. When I fullscreen it on my widescreen computer monitor, the video is framed in black on all sides - which I guess is common, but doesn't help things.<br /><br />To put my review in perspective, I am an audio nut, and normally don't worry much about video. I don't mind watching standard-definition CRT televisions. I don't need a theater experience. But the flaws in this video transfer eclipse my ability to simply enjoy the movie.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the Blu-ray must be the only version worth owning.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Keep trying to beat my last score. A different distraction to keep me from the things I should be doing!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app and I use it whey night, l am reading threw the intire Bible while it is read to me and I would recomend it to everyone who loves GOD as I do.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have enjoyed using this app!  It's very easy and I have my daily reading plans right with me all the time! I'm looking forward to using it at my church tomorrow! I've never been able to participate with the notes provided because I didn't have anything with the capability.
B001HN697M|5.0|I watched this movie last night and then again tonight.  I liked at least as much as the first and better than the second movie of the series. I felt that it could have stood alone.  It has all the elements required of a vampire/werewolf movie, i.e., action, death, courage, betrayal, and a romance that ends in tragedy.   Some have questioned their manner of speaking, but a lot of them are portraying ancient vampires.   Some have questioned the darkness of the movie, but this is not a happy, sunny tale and vampires do burst into flame in the sunlight  Rhona Mitra playing the role of  `'Sonja,\\" may possibly be slightly less beautiful than Kate Beckinsale, but who among us it not at least slightly less beautiful than Kate.  They are cut from the same cloth: strong, intelligent, beautiful and full of courage. As a further plus, she has a wonderful voice. How could a vampire such as Victor have had such a fine daughter?  Now that I have watched the prequel I  plan to rewatch Underworld and Underworld: Evolution.  Good movies, like old friends, are wonderful to revisit.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|it's great yo be able to quickly look and see what the day is expected to be like. this way I can tell my kids how to dress for the day as well as for myself!
B006KX3GXO|5.0|I absolutely love this app! before getting my kindle fire I used photobucket on my laptop to edit my pics. the app for photobucket does not edit pics tho. j am glad I found picsart because it has an incredible amount of editing tools! super easy to use too.
0553579908|5.0|I'm saddened as I finish reading this book, but am happy certain people are alive that I previously thought dead. I'm anxious to read more in the series and am loving/hating the characters.
B006QPVH6O|2.0|The movie was short, nothing gets resolved...basically a rock that turns into a spider alien thing. Everyone dies in the end and while it did keep my interest, that was only because I thought I would find out what was happening at the end.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|This was a christmas gift for my niece who just loves Harry Potter and was so happy to receive the entire collection.  I'm sure She will watch it over and over again.  Thank You for putting this collection together.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|it is the same as the free version but 99 cents. and has less blades than the free one.  GET THE FREE ONE!!!!!!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|really hoping for the best but stops right in the middle of playing. really need to fix the problem.  going to delete. :(
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|This is such a neat game.  My grandchildren enjoy playing it on their phones, kindle and anything they can download it to.  Great gaming .....
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|We were recently introduced to Leonard Cohen's work by a friend who recommended this CD.  It is just the most interesting set of his work.  Classics all and the concert atmosphere brings real life to the experience.  The poetry of Cohen is very insightful and the CD is perfectly done.
B0063IH60K|4.0|great game. its easy to learn and very addictive.  just wish less ads. something to play when your trying to kill time.
B004EPYZXK|1.0|I am a long time SF fan. Since the 1950s. I know SF.  I have to say this ranks as one of the WORST SF movies I have ever seen. It is horrible. Don't waste your time or money on this pig. It fails at each step. Acting - pathetic, Script - pathetic, Science - pathetic, Cinematography - pathetic, Story line - WHAT LINE?
B0000DJE9R|5.0|Good cd i got it a day before my birthday and i'm very pleased with this purchase. Great songs. Long live the King Of Pop.
B001P06GX4|5.0|Blokus is easy to learn and easy to play.  Kindergartners, teens, parents and grandparents can play together.  It doesn't take all night to play but you can play all night, its that much fun!
0307959856|2.0|Lover of P.D. James books - Lover of Jane Austen - High expectations for this book. I was certain the negative reviews couldn't possibly be right. But they are. I did not spend $ on this one, so I am extra grateful for the public library. I was on the Hold list for a couple of months waiting expectantly for this fresh new book. I had to utilize my speed reading skills to abbreviate the suffering of reading through this very wooden account. Did I ask anyone - did anyone ever ask?! - to have Austen characters try to tie up loose ends or explain themselves? I hardly think so. If you are like me and also love P.D. James as well as Jane Austen do yourself a favor and get the book from the library as it is not a keeper and will disappoint. I am saddened.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Love this App. A Blessing to those who Love the Word of God. Thank you YouVersion. What better way is there to have the Word with you at any given moment of the day.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly, your music is brilliant and I applaud you for standing by your convictions to support Dr. Paul. Your work reflects your soul and that is truly inspiring. RON PAUL 2012
0307959856|1.0|You can read the last ten pages and find out about the story.  Why P>D. James had to use this as a topic is not easy to understand.  I found the book very boring, and I have read all her books.  She is top of my list of mystery writers.  Sorry to e negative, but this is only my opinion.  Merle Way
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Keep up the great work Kelly!  I think the song 'Stronger' would be a great campaign song for Ron Paul!  Much love and support!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I hope you notice a spike in your sales since your Ron Paul tweet. I would have not bought your CD without those comments. The Ron Paul Army would walk through file for him and anyone who supports him.<br /><br />Ron Paul 2012!!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Easy to use and comprehensive. I like the way the app is laid out and the many different plans it has to choose from.
B005CMSDLE|5.0|This movie was amazing. It not only had a great plot, but it had an amazing soundtrack by The Chemical Brothers. It also shows how she also wants to be a normal girl with friends. The actors and actresses were also amazing. It was suspenseful so you didn't want to press pause. The movie also left some things to your imagination. :)
B002VR9QXW|5.0|I currently have five performances of Giselle on DVD and BD, and have seen it in live performance at the Royal Ballet,(with Marianella Nuñez in the title role) Covent Garden and the Pacific Northwest Ballet in Seattle.  This is absolutly my favorite performance on disc.  The weak spot is Anna Tsygankova's performance in the first act as the live (?) Giselle.  She does great in the second act, however.  The standout of this performance is Igone de Jongh as Myrtha.  Besides flawless dancing, her acting projected a tinge of fear, sending shivers down my back.  Overall, the second act is incomparable. The extras on this disc, cast interviews with video of practice sessions mixed with performance, are very good.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Lightweight, simple, easy to install, fits perfectly ... very efficient.  Yes, the stand and the somewhat small slot that it engages can be a little unstable ... but with a fairly flat, level surface to rest on, it works quite well. This minor inconvenience is a small trade-off for the lightweight, non-bulky protection that this cover/stand provides.
B000I0QL82|5.0|Thank you Wish List...my kids got me this movie for Christmas.  This is one of those shows that has been around forever and is hard to find on TV anymore.  It's a tradition to watch it and the last scene, after all these years, still gives me goosebumps.  For those of you that haven't seen it, you should try it.  There's a simplicity to the love story within the love story of this film.  We opened presents on Christmas Eve and this was put in to play immediately for the whole family to watch.
B004RDCI6A|5.0|Havok...just what thrash needed. Some new faces with that classic thrash sound. I can't believe it took me this long to discover this band. This album will definitely be on my daily listening rotation through 2012 along with Essence - Lost in Violence.  AWESOME!
B000HEWEJO|5.0|I just had to have this because they're not showing it much anymore on regular TV at Christmas, which is a shame because it is a great old movie...a must-see.<br /><br />A classic tale of a man with dreams that keeps pushing those dreams out further while he takes care of responsibilities for his family; he marries has a great family and once again, a family member makes a mistake for which he will need to pay...probably with prison time.  For once, he becomes depressed and is granted a wish to never have been born; he returns to his town and is shown how many lives would be impacted if he never existed.<br /><br />If you've never seen the movie, you'll have to watch it yourself to see the ending...which is really heartwarming.  Once you've seen this classic, I bet you make it an annual event as well.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This case works great for the Fire.  My wife has the leather Marware case for her Fire which is very nice but I prefer the clam shell version instead.  It is less bulky then the leather version and $10 cheaper.  The felt material on the inside cover protects the screen when the case is closed.  The strap on the outside of the case works like it should -- secures the case in the closed position.
B004HO6I2E|5.0|Don`t know why this was not much more successful in the theaters.....  Couldn`t stop laughing - incredible comedy - great actors and TONS  of (shocking) taboo breaches :-)  Must See....
B004X80QNG|2.0|forced closed way too much, they need a serious redesign for tablet.users. way too clunky and complicated for me when there are much better alternatives
B001P5HI4A|5.0|Item arrived just as described.  New, original packaging and in perfect shape.  Item also arrived within 5 days.  Great item and great purchase.  Happy all around.
B0031ESIZQ|1.0|I recently bought rollercoaster tycoon 2 and 3 (late 2011), as I was a big fan of the first edition. This version is so much worse than the first two. The controls are difficult to use and the interface is not particularly user-friendly (as a gamer who doesn't play very much, and so is not very used to it). When in the park, there are some tiny buttons down the side of the screen that are actually categories, and when you click on them it takes you into subcategories. This would be fine, however I do not play enough to be able to instantly know which buttons to click on to create a thrill ride, for example. As a result, any time I want to do anything I have to hover my cursor over the icons until a little bit of text flashes. It's lots of little things like that which annoy me and rate the game so poorly. If you're looking for a theme park making game, go for Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 or 2. If you have those, get the add on packs. If you have those, then I would recommend not buying this. It is such a waste of money.
1451627289|5.0|I just loved it,was so interesting and brought back many memories. Keep you listening (got the cd) and didn`t want to stop. Wish it could have ended with them getting together.
B005ZUR724|5.0|its been taking off the app market so I got.a refund... don't know if its going back or not phew.. man I love that game phew
B004LOMB2Q|1.0|way to many permissions and invading your privacy and it should not be able to read the data in your phone
B000F5GNX8|5.0|Loved this movie and completely recommend it.  It's a little hard to describe...it's pretty wild, and can't really think of any other movie to compare it to, but it's absolutely worth watching.  I didn't know what to expect before watching it, but I'm a big fan of both Val Kilmer &amp; Robert Downey Jr and they teamed up well.  It's been a little while since I watched it, but it's on my list to see again.  When I think of the movie I automatically just want to laugh and have recommended it to a lot of people.  It is a must see!
B004UNX1LS|5.0|This app works just fine with me and my kindle fire. Also great HQ!Ever since I got this app on my kindle fire, I've been watching DAFT PUNK everday ! I think this app does a lot of wonders. I can watch all my favorite artists NOW!
B000001F5A|5.0|Outstanding music for a great documentary about Antarctica, I recommend that cd to anyone amateur of beautiful soundtracks and emotions
B0061JPYX2|5.0|This is her best! You can here how much her voice and style had matured into one of the greatest R&B artists of our time. She brought back the golden style of such greats  as Billy Holiday and Etta James. Amy's duet with Tony Bennet took my breath away. You can hear the exuberance, respect, and pride she had while recording \\" Body and Soul\\". It's heartbreaking knowing she will never be able to know what talent she was.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|It has been difficult to find an app that is challenging so I was pleased to find this one. With the added option of changing the difficulty level this is a GREAT choice for novice and expert alike! Visual pleasing as well. A few more options such as visual design and the ability to see captured pieces would have been nice but for a free app one cannot complain.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Great album and songs. Love the passion so keep it up. Dont let other people try and bring you down.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Accurate, helpful, concise forecast in an easy to read, logical layout. Simple yet pleasant graphics. A winner, especially since it's free.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|I like it, but it won't let me play some of the mini games or accept an achievement. when I go to play a couple mini games it'll ask to restated or continue and then force close
B0043X8M0K|5.0|This is an awsum collection of songs from the hit TV show The Vampire Diaries and contains an amazing collection of songs from a variety of people a must for any true Vampire Diaries fan.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|after mailing it in and steering off course for many years now, woody finally penned a mildly poetic self-reflection exercise that doesn't suck.  of course, he still has to end up with the severely under-aged woman, but it feels cute again this time.  lovely tribute to paris... thank god he's migrated to europe recently and stopped replodding ny !
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is very addicting!! Each dame is unique and fun. It has a certain trait that makes you want to come back for more to unlock lore fun times!! It doesn't matter whether you're 5 or 500 you will have a great time playing this.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Its sad to see all the negative comments this game is getting because of this app getting an update late through the Amazon store.  People are incorrectly rating the game poorly because the content providers were unable to provide them with the updated content in a &quot;timely&quot; manner? Also I find it ridiculous that the detractors sit by their phones and cry about receiving the updated content later than the other content providers.  Don't be pathetic. Go do something meaningful with your lives instead of wasting and complaining your lives away on your phones.  Especially when you are complaining about something the cost of 1/3 a gallon of gas.
B005OK725M|5.0|This movie is a highly stylized and mesmerizing flow of sexy violence. The cinematography and sound track are first class. I have watched the DVD version three times. It is very entertaining. I don't want to know the characters in depth. If you want Hamlet then watch Hamlet. This is a fun to watch revenge movie staring an actress I could not take my eyes off of.
B00406UK7S|4.0|and indeed he does speak.This Centurion being Quintus Dias played in the film by Michael Fassbender . Centurion is the tale of the mysterious 9th Legion of Rome who vanished in what is now known as Scotland around the year AD 117. The film opens with Dias escaping capture of the Picts the violent and fierce tribe that control the area now known as Great Brittan . This era was defined by the aggressive army of the Roman empire.They thought that all of Europe and whatever else was out there should be ruled by them. So naturally the Romans took to invading other countries and establishing ruling governments there.They found the Picts most troublesome as their leader Gorlacon( Ulrich Thomsen) utilized tactics that the Romans were ill prepared for. So once Dias is rescued by a Roman patrol and reports what has happened a decision is made to send the 9th Legion to eliminate and subjugate the Picts once and for all.The legion is lead by General Titus Virilus ( Dominic West) a proud and beloved leader of the Roman army. They decide to use a former Pict as guide to the area.This Pict is named Etain and is played by Olga Kurylenko .It's believed that she's pledged her loyalties to Rome even though she is mute.So the 9th legion heads into Pict territory where they are set up in a trap by Etain. A fierce battle is waged and the Picts come out on top.General Virilus is captured and brought back to Gorlacon. Somehow Dias survives yet again an encounter with the Picts.He leads a small group of 7 surviving Romans on a dual mission.One to rescue General Virilus and second get who ever is left out of Pict land and back to Rome.That is the gist of the rest of the film in a nutshell.Dias and company encounter treacherous weather and other dangers in a savage land.And of course Gorlacon sanctions Etain to search for the survivors and kill them . Etain is like an old world version of the Terminator she will not stop hunting the Romans unless she herself dies. The fleeing Romans try to stay ahead of Etain and her small army thus staying alive and having a chance to make it back home. Along the way they do encounter one ally a Pict exile named Arianne (Imogem Poots) who was exiled because the rest of the Picts believe she practice magic.The film is quite suspenseful and very violent and gory under the direction of Neil Marshall. Mr.Marshall also directed 2 other films that I like Dog Soldiers and The Descent. This film here would be his biggest undertaking using a much bigger cast and creating another world using both sets and the natural wonders of Scotland. Add in the fact that Fassbenser is an up and coming star who's been in a bunch of films as has Dominic West .In fact both were in 300 together a film not unlike Centurion.Ms.Kurylenko was also well known for her role in the Daniel Craig Bond Film Quantum of Solace. The film is beautifully shot you feel cold watching the actors trudging up snow covered mountains.The acting is first rate by all 3 leads and Poots and Thomsen are good in their roles as well. A quick note that Mr.Marshall is a big supporter of strong women in his films.I wouldn't say he's a feminist but all of his work contains at least 1 if not more strong female leads.Heck the Descent was a film with a group of women in a cave against cave monsters. Etain is a beautiful and fierce fighter not someone to mess with. So if you are a fan of films like Gladiator,Spartacus and 300 then you most likely will eat up Centurion as well.I look forward to seeing more from Neil Marshall in the years to come.ay ahead of Etain and her small army thus staying alive and having a chance to make it back home. Along the way they do encounter one ally a Pict exile named Arianne (Imogem Poots) who was exiled because the rest of the Picts believe she practice magic.The film is quite suspenseful and very violent and gory under the direction of Neil Marshall. Mr.Marshall also directed 2 other films that I like Dog Soldiers and The Descent. This film here would be his biggest undertaking using a much bigger cast and creating another world using both sets and the natural wonders of Scotland. Add in the fact that Fassbenser is an up and coming star who's been in a bunch of films as has Dominic West .In fact both were in 300 together a film not unlike Centurion.Ms.Kurylenko was also well known for her role in the Daniel Craig Bond Film Quantum of Solace. The film is beautifully shot you feel cold watching the actors trudging up snow covered mountains.The acting is first rate by all 3 leads and Poots and Thomsen are good in their roles as well. A quick note that Mr.Marshall is a big supporter of strong women in his films.I wouldn't say he's a feminist but all of his work contains at least 1 if not more strong female leads.Heck the Descent was a film with a group of women in a cave against cave monsters. Etain is a beautiful and fierce fighter not someone to mess with. So if you are a fan of films like Gladiator,Spartacus and 300 then you most likely will eat up Centurion as well.I look forward to seeing more from Neil Marshall in the years to come.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Nice, smooth, a good diversion. Has a few customizations. Pop ups to try other games are infrequent, repetitive. 4 stars.
B003NFM3JU|5.0|This was done very well overall.  Jim Carey played each part very well.  Entertained throughout and the 3D was 4 out of 5 stars.  Highly recommend this, although it could be a little scary for young children at times.
B005HSL626|5.0|this game is the best u can ever get. if u gave this a bad review u better GEY A LIFE!!!!!!!!!
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|Was a pretty good movie.  I got this for christmas.  Was a $5 promo deal from black friday I believe.  I enjoyed this movie.  I admit it took awhile to get it's hold on me because the beginning was a bit dull.  For some reason I had a hard time understanding what was being said or going on so I had to turn on the subtitles.  Maybe I'm just getting old lol.  But this movie was good.  Even the special features were interesting and the clip about the history of the movie and how it was based on true events.<br /><br />The movie is priced pretty low and it's blu ray so go ahead and pick it up.  An inexpensive addition to your blu ray collection and a very good movie.  No regrets.  May not be suitable for kids tho.  Some pretty bloody scenes and some adult content as well.  It's a very violent movie.  Course, most war movies are.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app! The Bible reading plans are great, I've completed many. It's a great program, any version you prefer, take anywhere, read anytime. I just love it and all it's features. No problems ever! I have it on my Droid X. Thank you for this app!
0062101897|5.0|This is a must have for serious Harry Potter fans. I'm still reading this book, which is well over 500 pages long. Full color photos & so much extra information about all of the books & movies. I'm really glad I purchased this book.
B0063GORYU|5.0|no problems,  quick load,  great job! I've tried a few apps before, but none were as good as this one and definitely not this good for free. thanks guys
B004FOA84A|4.0|I had fun for about an hour with this game. There was some very clever puzzles and great artwork. It was worth a buck and I would definately buy it again. Just wish it were longer.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I keep trying to stop playing.  I have important things I should be doing.......please help me!  Very, very addicting. Simple and fun.
0811879542|5.0|I bought this book for my niece and nephew (2 & 4 years old), and it was a huge hit.  Such a simple concept, yet so engaging!  To them, it was magic...rubbing the dot really DID change its color, shaking and tilting the book really DID make the dots move.  We read it three or four times in a row, and their enthusiasm grew each time. Seeing them tapping dots, shaking the book, blowing on pages, and excitedly clapping was so much fun.  I can't recommend this book enough, and wish I knew more young kids to gift it to!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Downloaded this app on my kindle fire and it works great. Touch screen interface is perfect, game play is standard (that's good) .
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this kindle fire version of angry birds is great! my sister got the iphone version  and it doesn't have all the levels, only a few. this one lets u have a lot of levels and its great to play! fun and adicting! (for people who don't download this.... ur loss)
B002MRRRAA|4.0|Another Christmas gift for my son. This was a last minute purchase and I was pleased to see it was in stock and ready to ship. Another hard to find item but Amazon rocks and shipping was fast.
B002GJT4Y6|5.0|Great help to get correct item. I will have no problem ever ordering from this person again. They made it do easy for someone not to computer savvy to use ! :) Thanks so much
B004EPYZXK|1.0|If you bought into the hype of Blair Witch Project, you will absolutely love this. Nonexistent story, constant camera  moves for distraction, and some of the worst acting since Drive Angry.
1455510319|2.0|Some times the book is thrilling. The trial is repeating and boring for instance:<br /><br />How many times could the DA bring new evidence that she had just the night before? And it's accepted by the judge?<br /><br />How many times can you read the same question even though it was asked to different witnesses?<br /><br />How could it be that Haller knew all the witnesses' life and not the one of his defendant?
B004UXUUDA|5.0|I hope people find this movie. I saw no advertising on this whatsoever. But, you can bet I didn't miss ads on the remake of War of the Worlds. I'm pretty sure Tim Robbins was nominated for an Oscar for that one. That basement scene was a thespian at his best. I know Joel Siegal loved it. The man is consistent. And professional.   What about The Day the Earth Stood Still? I saw plenty of ads for Keanu's amazing performance. Another nomination?  Why put money into something as fabulous as Sarah's Key when you can put together a remake of a classic for only $200,000,000? We need more 3D. Forget the plot, they'll never notice!! 3D is the answer. Mr. Depp, put on your pirate uniform!  Why is there no respect for the audience?   The acting and writing is on a level I haven't seen in quite some time. This film brings back memories of what movies can achieve, but the vast majority no longer seem to aspire to.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its ok but I like the Wwii version better . but allmost all the games are to easy to do. that worm apple game I just taped every onevi saw and I won
B004NELBPC|1.0|I see so many reviews about buggy slide show. no matter what slideshow you tap on, it always shows Entourage premier slide show.  FIX IT!!!
B006BDHAX0|5.0|best game ever at first I did not like it now that I got the hang of it I recimend this for every bury.
B0055SWM08|5.0|no pressure, but a clear goal, easy to redo to achieve minimum moves. very good graphics, no annoying clutter.  seriously
B005ZUR724|1.0|Wow. It says you have to update but you cant. Do not buy until there is an update! But besides the update it is a great app.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|just like the first, but with new puzzles and multiple bubbles. same excellent graphics. blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
0062101897|5.0|this was a xmas gifr for my 16 year old grandson.  he was thrilled when he opened it. as he read all of harrys books. when mmost of the family left on xmas.,he was reading the book and he sat there 2 hours, really enjoying it.
1609410416|5.0|I bought this for my very busy daughter.  She enjoyed listening to it while preparing for the holidays. I'm going to borrow it so I can join in the fun.
B005I6EU7U|4.0|Beautiful design and build, no doubt about it. I'll admit, the straps are a little tight, but as stated in the the packaging card, this item is supposed to be versatile to other devices {they should have probably included that in their description :/}. Other than that, this product shipped fast and met my expectations.<br /><br />  One other thing to mention:<br />  The cover needs to be worked in a little in order for it to lay flat on the kindle.
B003MC5N28|5.0|I've been looking for this book forever. I first read it as a small kid & had forgotten the name. It's a story of a seemingly perfect society but something amazing & deeply disturbing is behind it. A science fiction story in its own right. That will leave you feeling more than you might want to.
0525423656|4.0|Don't read this book if you haven't read 'Matched' because you will be lost!  This book suffers a bit from being the middle of a trilogy. A lot of people have commented that 'nothing happens' and one hand, that's true. There's a lot of climbing/walking/reading/thinking in this book but there's also a lot of character development (mostly on Ky's part) and more details on what's outside the Society. There's also more menacing details about what the Society is really up to (and I think there's something up with Xander beyond his 'secret').  I liked the continuation of Ky's story and I liked the introduction of Indie (hope she plays a role in the third book). And while some people were bored by the characters' thought process (there's a lot of lyrical writing about what characters are thinking/remembering) I enjoyed the world building. Truthfully, I had a hard time putting this book down, just like Matched.  That said, I did have a couple issues with this book. I didn't like that the narrator jumps between Cassia and Ky (each chapter alternates between them as narrator). I thought Ky's story was interesting but his voice was a bit flat...I also think Cassia's character suffered because she wasn't the narrator for half the book. I hope the third book goes back to a single voice.  I guess the big issue for was SPOILER: that ultimately, the characters' situations don't change from the beginning to the end of the book. At the start of the book, Cassia is in Society, without Ky and Ky is doing some dangerous job in the outer provinces. Even though they come together for most of the book, they still end up apart with Cassia in Society and Ky in the outer provinces doing dangerous work. Yes their reasons are different now (though I don't trust the Rising, either) but ultimately they're back where they started. I guess I didn't like that they came together only to be split, again. END SPOILERS  I think if you enjoyed Matched you'll probably still enjoy this one. I, for one, amlooking forward to the next book!
B0063IH60K|4.0|This works great on my fire! Don't like the ads but other than that it is a great app.  No problems at all.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Beautiful voice and great album.  Keep up the fight!  MP3 Download is 256 bit rate. Sounds great.  Well worth the 13 bucks.  RP12
B0058VW36U|5.0|cut the rope is super addictive! I just love the game! &lt;3 there is nothing wrong with it, but it can be hard.. I think it is cool how you can switch from candy, Donut, and cupake! I highly require u you to get this app! ;)
0439023513|5.0|This book is amazing.  It makes you feel happy, but you feel heartbroken in some parts.  They way Suzanne Collins writes this book is amazing.  You will not be able to put this book down even hen your finished!
0060229357|5.0|Srevice was excellent. Book ,This book was so much enjoyed by my great grandchild as it was with my grandchildren .
B006C67NP6|5.0|This is a fantastic app.  I've had it on my iPhone for a while.  Today, I purchased it for my Kindle Fire.  there were no songs loaded, just exercises.  so I was a little panicked.  but, I went to forum - under &quot;Settings&quot; - and was able to instantly.download them.  VERY EASY!  This.app is great for looking up changes or if someone calls a.tune that you don't know.  It can be great for ear-training also.  put on the player and sing.roots of.the progression.
B0043JLH5Q|5.0|Enough others have fawned over The Beatles' genius and this album in particular for me to not need to.  Let me just say the sound from this pressing was flawless and rich and the discs arrived in perfect quality. Very happy and this is a regular player in our household.
B000TEPKS4|5.0|During the aftermath of Sgt. Pepper and in the midst of the rush of West Coast Psychedelia along came this startlingly different LP. It was lyrically and musically like nothing that we had ever heard before. It is blues, folk, country, roots and rock, all with a distinctly Southern feel. The band members had played together for many years, thus imparting an air of casualness to the endeavour. Rather than harmonizing the three singers just sing together, over, under and around each other. It could have resulted in a mess. Instead, Big Pink simply became one of the most influential albums of all-time, cited repeatedly by musicians right up to this day. However, even if the critics had disdain (they didn't - they loved it), even if the public ignored it (they did at first), even if it influenced no-one, Music from Big Pink would still be a monumental achievement and one of the records that I have played, and continue to play, most often.<br /><br />I cannot let pass the opportunity to comment on Richard Manuel's fabulous vocals, here and else ware. On Tears of Rage, In a Station, We Can Talk, Lonesome Suzie, Chest Fever and I Shall be Released his plaintiff and soulful voice complement the lyrics perfectly. His premature passing was a loss to us all.
B005LZW9CG|4.0|The CD is great as far as the gold cd is concerned and there are more pages to the booklet that are a bit closer to what was in the original album. As far as this Phil Collins Hello, I Must Be Going CD being a remaster the sound quality sounds the same as the CD version I bought back in 1988. I listened to this first original CD release and compared it to this new Gold Remaster CD through quality headphones and a quality CD player and I'm not hearing where this recording was remastered on this Gold CD at all. They both sound the same. Phil Collins has two other releases that were released in this Gold CD collectors edition that are now out of print and sellers are selling them for ridiculously high prices because they are out of print. I don't understand why anyone would pay more for this Gold CD than what I paid for this one that is still in print. Great new packaging but sound quality is the same.
B005KELQEU|5.0|I really like both my Kindle Touch and the Belkin sleeve.  I have had no problems fitting the Kindle into the sleeve and zipping it.  I would have room for a small stylist in there as well but since I have a mesh bag atatched to the zipper pull for the cord and plug in adapter I keep the stylist with those.  The sleeve has smooth lines, a great grip and seems to protect the Kindle from dust, dirt and scratches.  I hope not to drop mine but am happy to hear from another owner that it might even protect against some drops.
B000244FDW|5.0|This is my wife's favorite rendition of this story.  The quality of the reproduction was good and the sound was excellent.  Good value if you want this edition.
B005LY4B0A|1.0|It is too bad a game works by liking it in facebook. Also game force closes all the time. Yea this game sucks for this annoying problems
B004LWZW9C|4.0|If you're a fan of multi-plot movies like Valentine's Day or Love Actually you'll probably enjoy this movie. The only problem with this particular movie is there are so many stories that it takes about an hour just to establish all of the various plots and therefore has a slow beginning. Just like I preferred some stories to others in the previously mentioned films there are some stories in this movie that are a bit more interesting and keep your attention better than others but all in all it's a good flick. One thing to note is this movie doesn't have any cheating, nudity or major swearing so it's refreshingly clean, wholesome and appropriate for larger audiences. If they made a movie like this for every holiday it would probably get old but this one is worth seeing... probably even be worth purchasing if you're the type to pull it out every year for the holiday.
B000063V8R|5.0|I had been waiting to get this season for a while. I looked in stores, like Walmart and Best Buy. I could not find it available so I thought I would give Amazon a try. Worked out great. My order shipped in no time and arrived in perfect condition. I am very Happy. :) And I plan on ordering from Amazon again very soon. I still need seasons 5,6, and 7. Thanks everyone.[[ASIN:B000063V8R Star Trek The Next Generation - The Complete Third Season]] Check it out. It's one of the better seasons.
B00009PBRP|1.0|The DVD will not play.  The product appears to be new but displays an on screen code or mesasage stating that it will not play on multiple players.
B004SUWR2C|5.0|I have it on my ipod and I play it a lot so I gave it a on my kindle fire and I loved it is better on my fire.  great 5stars
B000T0HI1A|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums by Dylan. Not a fan of the female vocalists to be truthful but this album is definitely worth listening to without a doubt. Give it a listen!
B004I8WD6E|4.0|thought the case would be kind of flimsy, but it's pretty solid. it was a gift for someone else and we had to give the phone a good push and tug to get it into the case. the screen protector it came with went on pretty well without affecting the picture. we didn't really try other ones, and it's held up so far (a couple of weeks).   the case design is classy with the circles radiating out from the apple. the case does overlap the front a little (not obscuring the screen), and it is NOT flush with the front, which i was hoping for so if the iphone4s lands on its face, at least there's still some distance between the glass front and whatever it was dropped on.    the feel of the case it neither slippery or rubbery so it can be easily slipped into a pocket or purse without gathering too much lint, yet it doesn't feel like it'll slip right out of your hands.   doesn't add too much bulk. kind of like an incipio case. good price, too.
0307595579|5.0|I found the first book soooo boring. I forced myself to make it past page 100. After that it was a whrilwind of excitment, and i couldnt put the book down. Book 2 and 3 were WONDERFUL!!! One of my favorite trilogies of all times!!!!!!
B003L77G38|4.0|The quality of this Fringe season do not left anything far behind the previous two...it is a must see for fans...nice twists and overall more than one can expect...enjoy it...Do not know if there will be enough credible material for a fourth season though...but this one is quite amazing.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've played solitaire on different devices and this solitaire is by far my favorite! I can actually complete the puzzles and that makes me happy because usually I can never complete the card deals. Maybe it's easier or something but I don't care. Also it works Greg on the kindle and is a good way to pass the time.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the audio bibles built into the app... and for free! great job. I hope for Strong's definitions to be included someday.
B005Z271Y6|4.0|I bought this as a gift for my sister, who is a huge Adele fan and she absolutely loved it.  The sound and picture are both of the highest quality.
B0031ES8P6|2.0|Received the Hello Kitty and it is adorable. My 2 year old received it on Christmas and LOVED it. Yesterday, 5 days later, I was tasked with trying to sew her head and shoulder back together. My daughter hasn't played roughly with it, mostly just carries her around some and sleeps with her. There is a pretty big hole between the two, and her dress is fraying. Under the frayed part of the dress it looks almost meshy. It's pretty clear to me that even my attempts to sew back together won't last long, but it's worth a shot. It's cute for what it is, but evidently made cheaply since it didn't even last a week.
B0058VW36U|5.0|A great game to drain your battery (from the many hours you will play) Worth every penny!! Even my 4 year old nephew is just as addicted to this puzzler. Plus it gives a great opportunity to teach some basic physics principals (the math will have to wait)
B00005NG9Z|5.0|This is one product i have wanted for a long time, money well spent...Long live Layne...heard the new alice and to me it sounds like it was written while Layne was still alive
B004X80QNG|1.0|Have attempted to use this for about a month now and have continually had multiple problems!  Attempt to modify an event &amp; it creates new ones; attempt to delete events &amp; and it creates new ones! Attempt to go to monthly view &amp; nothing happens. Attempts to check off completed tasks may or may not be successful! And these were just today's problems!  I've spent too much of my time on this time pit already to continue other than to say &quot;If you have a life, skip this app!  If you don't have a life, trying to get it to work will give you a purpose!&quot;
B001RT89TC|5.0|Love this disc, been a long time since i heard this and man it doesnt disappoint. The combination of gary barden vocals and schenker guitar is classic
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|It's been a few months since I saw the movie, so I don't remember whether every song in film is on here, but every memorable song is. I was worried when I looked at the track listing and didn't see \\"All I Want for Christmas Is You\\", since that's why I bought the CD. However, the three Christmas songs are bonus tracks, and for whatever reason, they listed the artists but not the songs.
1933633867|2.0|Mr. Graeber's book begins in a wonderfully chatty, discursive manner.  It is engaging; it is like story-telling.  From this sort of story-telling mode, which centers on his encounter with a young and rather naive attorney (she does not know what IMF stands for), and their different opinions about the \\"morality\\" of \\"repaying one's debts,\\" he seems about to embark on a rather deep, important, and rigorous philosophical reconsideration of the very concept of debt.  But this philosophical glimmering vanishes quickly; instead, Mr. Graeber broadens his focus, rapidly and quite impressively pursuing geographically larger and historically more remote topics in world politics, and making grander and more encompassing statements that are more and more difficult to limit to any single frame (economic, moral, political). Indeed, he presents such a torrent of information--a kind of rapid crescendo of historical references--along with rapid-fire judgmental frames about each historical event--that it is hard to predict where he will go next. He clearly has a lot of references of historical facts and figures readily at hand.  He avoids making solid points--instead, his method is to render a series of impressions through the selective presentation of a variety of historical facts.  That is, despite the rather intellectual-sounding introduction of the book, he always avoids making any clear, logical line of argument to which he can be pinned down.  But let's assume that I am interested in improving my understanding of debt, which his book should presumably help me with (according to the title and subtitle). I find that, by around page 6, I need to make a judgment call: Is this book really going to help me to broaden and deepen my understanding of debt in a thoughtful way?  By page 6, I have learned, over and over, that the purpose of debt is to allow capitalist nations to harm native people.  For example, loans to third-world nations in the 20th century went into dictators' pockets,while the poor of those nations are still being punished for failure to repay those debts; the IMF's position on debt resulted in 10,000 preventable deaths from malaria of Madagascar natives, owing to local austerity measures; the French killed nearly half a million natives of Madagascar during a single uprising in 1947 because the locals objected to forced debt payments that repaid the French for building-up the colony; etc.  Debt is \\"victor's justice.\\"  Assuming that Mr. Graeber considers it bad to kill and exploit people, his discussion of debt and capitalism cannot in any way be called \\"neutral.\\" In fact, it is extremely prejudiced and can be summed up by the statement \\"capitalist debt is bad.\\"  Very sophisticated.  By page 6, I get the message: the reason to study history is to find more evidence of the badness of capitalism.  Of course, I have not found anything that I would say truly improves my understanding of debt, or of capitalism, or of history. Moreover, I find that Mr. Graeber's foresworn bias renders his points unintentionally absurd. He may say the IMF's position on debt caused 10,000 malarial deaths, but apparently is unable to acknowledge the fact that capitalist investment (including debt) in antimalarial drug development has prevented tens of millions of deaths.  My experience in reading up to this point was disquieting. I had started the book feeling entertained, and then feeling invited into an interesting intellectual discourse.  I ended up by page six feeling repeatedly bashed over the head by Mr. Graeber's bombastic output, and harangued into submission by his opinions and assertions. There was no room for dissent: his point of view was the only right one; and he turned up the volume so loudly, all on one channel (\\"capitalism and colonialism are bad!\\"), that it drowned out all other discussion.  So reading the first six pages felt like the intellectual equivalent of assault.  I don't care whether his politics are left or right winged. But the fact is that his opinions and politics apparently matter far more to him than does intellectual curiosity. And so this book is not for me.  As an educated reader I have to make decisions based on experience.  By page 6, it was clear to me that I will leave this book unpurchased.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|I am trying to use the Kindle app on a Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tablet and my focus is books that one studies, references or discusses with others.  At first I thought the Kindle was just extremely limited, but then I checked Kindle software on a Windows computer to find it works just fine - it appears that the Kindle software for Android is intended only for very small form-factor devices where you only read from start to finish and just need a simple book mark.  It is totally useless for anything you study, or need to bounce around the book, or quote or reference specific text or locations in the book, anything with end notes, indices or appendices.<br /><br />- There are no pages or page number references. Instead, they use \\"locations\\" which are obscure and meaningless units.  For example, they divide a 200+ page book into 8,000+ chunks of utterly meaningless navigation.<br /><br />- Although an index may still show page numbers, they are useless and there are no jump links from the index to the referenced pages.<br /><br />- There's no way to navigate from a foot note/end note reference to the note, nor back if you manage to figure out a way to find the note. This is only bad for foot notes; for end notes it is thoroughly stupid.<br /><br />- Page numbers are not even shown in the display of a \\"page\\", so you can't tell somebody else where you are or stumble-flip to the page they are on. Nor, if you are reviewing the book can you make any referenced comments except \\"oh, about a third of the way through the book you might stumble upon...\\".<br /><br />- You cannot select & copy text.  So if you want to quote text somewhere, you have to memorize it and type it in there. No, really - you can select the text, but then your options are to \\"highlight\\" it (persistent yellow highlight), or search for the selected text in the document, on Wikipedia or in Google. (Note: you might think you could workaround this by choosing to search for the text in Google, then once in Google select the text there and copy it; but, Kindle uses and embedded browser to bring up Google or Wikipedia. Although you can select text in the Wikipedia or Google screen, Kindle has specifically removed all the controls so you cannot copy it. Particularly stupid is they left a control in the upper right corner of the screen that lets you \\"select all\\", but, you still can't \\"copy\\". Duh.)<br /><br />- The table of contents may not match the original book.  I have a 2,000+ page tome and the table of contents got \\"condensed\\", so now I have to jump from the TOC to the beginning of a 100-page section and then page ahead for... how many pages!?!?  Or maybe I can calculate roughly how many \\"locations\\" equate to the number of pages and then...  Oh, the heck with it.<br /><br />I realize the software is free, but the point is to get me to buy a bunch of books. That is why the software is supposed to be free.  It's not supposed to be free because it isn't worth a penny.<br /><br />So, now I have a nice tablet that can hold a bunch of books so I don't have to lug them around, but that's basically all it can do - hold them. Gee, thanks.  :(and embedded browser to bring up Google or Wikipedia. Although you can select text in the Wikipedia or Google screen, Kindle has specifically removed all the controls so you cannot copy it. Particularly stupid is they left a control in the upper right corner of the screen that lets you \\"select all\\", but, you still can't \\"copy\\". Duh.)  - The table of contents may not match the original book.  I have a 2,000+ page tome and the table of contents got \\"condensed\\", so now I have to jump from the TOC to the beginning of a 100-page section and then page ahead for... how many pages!?!?  Or maybe I can calculate roughly how many \\"locations\\" equate to the number of pages and then...  Oh, the heck with it.  I realize the software is free, but the point is to get me to buy a bunch of books. That is why the software is supposed to be free.  It's not supposed to be free because it isn't worth a penny.  So, now I have a nice tablet that can hold a bunch of books so I don't have to lug them around, but that's basically all it can do - hold them. Gee, thanks.  :(
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|A great album from a great lady!  Every single track is a hit.  Finally, it's an album that's worth buying, instead of one song that is worth buying.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|A beautiful cover, it draws oohs and aahs from friends. This cover looks like a nicely bound leather clad book. It also feels pleasant to the touch. I like the convenience,  too, of the little interior pouch, a convenient place to stick ID info in case the Kindle gets lost and then found by an honest person.
B0002KZAKS|4.0|For the price and performance of the microphone you can't go wrong.  I think it rivals the Beta SM58. It's got a lot of output and still sounds even.  I bought 4 so far and will probably grab more.   It's a great feeling if your doing a sound gig and you don't have to worry about  damage to a bunch of SM58's  on the stage.
0545265355|5.0|This is one of the better series of books I've read in the last 3 years.  Although the books have a few flaws they are nothing in comparison to the pitiful excuse for literature that is the Twilight and Millennium series.    I definitely recommend this series to any fan of good fiction and look forward to more from Collins.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This is an excellent movie with really true to life events.  I enjoyed the book and the movie is exceptionally close to occurences in the book.  I will watch it over and over.
B005ZUR724|1.0|got to play once. now needs an update but I cant find the link. it has been this way for at least a week. I'll keep the game for a while because it was such a big download. I will delete soon though
B0058VW36U|2.0|lags horribly on htc sensation. fix this nooowwww!...worked fine on LG g2x. why not newer phones..................fix fix fix fix! uvubuguvubibibibibibibibibibi ibibibibibibibininibuvbuvuvv buvububh vhibubub vuvuvuv ubububub uvivuvivibiibib
B00138CYD4|5.0|I have to admit that I'm not the kind of person who likes to pay for music just because I have never think is worth it, but one day I was wondering about the store and say this album I previewed it and liked it hoping it will be worth it.<br /><br />And it was! this is a great album!<br />I have to say I like all the songs in it, some more than other of course, however this is a great product and surely worth the price tag!
1439156816|5.0|Thank you, Mr. King (for surviving too)..  As always, you floor me with your stories, your wit, your advice, and your unique way of relating it all to your Constant Readers. I purchased this when it was first released and just purchased this version for my Kindle so I could carry it with me :).
B0064T6LV8|4.0|This is a very good game, very fun indeed and I'm glad that I downloaded it, and works great on the Kindle Fire but the developer pushes you too hard to buy the full version, however I think $3:00 is too much to pay I would buy it if it would be 1 dolar.
B0063GORYU|5.0|good play, love the tap to move feature.  the only thing I'd change is the pips -- I keep thinking I've got a board full of aces....
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Excellent commentary on the the 1950's from a perspective we don't always hear.  Parts very humorous! Others quite perverse.  However, portrays a double standard we continue to live with in the 21st century.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Awesome CD from an artist who is not afraid to stand up for her beliefs, also Michelle Branch deserves credit as well.  [...]
B005HSL626|4.0|Wow! This app is great! I only gave it four stars because amazon needs to update! It isn't this app this time, but Cut the Rope needs a major update!
B0063GORYU|5.0|I find this game easy to use and fun to play.  This game is a great way to pass time.
0553805371|3.0|Hi<br />I ordered this book in 29.11.2011, and I still haven't recieved it yet could u pls advise why such delay did happen<br />Cheers<br />Ramzi Ibrahim Kudera
B004EPYZXK|1.0|The only reason I give it one star is because Amazon doesn't allow negative numbers.  This was quite literally the worst movie I have ever seen, beating out even The Blair Witch Project and Paranormal Activity.
B005K2YZ5E|1.0|I could not get my Kindle3 into this sleeve.  The product sent to me would not be large enough for the prior generations of Kindle either.  Liked the color.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Very simple but very handy! Lock private notes make reminders &amp; well color your notes :) A true must have!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|must admit, I'm a blues/jazz/punk/metal kind of guy, but I just purchased your CD to show some support and will gift it to a friend who I know is a fan.  thanks for having the courage and conviction to speak in support of Dr Paul!
B006JPS1OM|5.0|a must have... super fun and intriguing. I'm very surprised this was a free app. no hiccups so far. love it
B006BDHAX0|1.0|I have wanted Mahjong on my phone for a while now, but this app is horrible. All the bugs have been listed by others, so I will just confirm what has already been said.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this app is fun and very entertaining, so far I have 3 stars on every level, but I am stuck on one, but it's. awesome.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Not only does it have many versions of the bible, most can come with an audio bible App.  This app will replace the use of carrying more than one bible.  I love it.Have
1451627289|4.0|Got this book for Christmas and all I can say is wow. It's a page turner for sure and I am glad I had the week off so I could finish it, though it takes less time than it's 800+ pages would lead you to believe.<br /><br />This is the first book by Stephen King I have read in quite some time and his story telling ability is as powerful as ever. I thought after the first couple of hundred pages that I knew how it was going to end, but then as time went on I grew more and more doubtful about that. As it turns out I was kind of right and also a lot wrong. I highly recommend this to anyone, it's a great trip!
B0009PAVI2|5.0|Easily fits three round 77mm fiters, even rotating ones like polarizers or gradient neutral density filters.  Fits onto my Blackrapid RS4 strap so I can carry around several filters while traveling light without other bags.  A great little case.  As others have stated the velcro + clip is kind of annoying, and the velcro makes a bit of noise so it isn't the stealthiest, but it works great for my needs.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|love that I can read even if I'm on a plane with no network coverage at all. very clean app. thank you youversion.
B004MC8CA2|2.0|I got this app for my kindle fire because I have it on my iphone, and it's great: easy to use, lots of translations (many available offline), easy searches, lots of reading plans. BUT every time I open it on my kindle fire, it crashes! It even crashes when I tell it to send an error message reporting that it crashed! Very frustrating! It would be a 5-star app if I could use it.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I finally found the one app that can handle freeform notes, scheduled reminders, and rearrangeable shopping/todo lists.  This app does it all, and is easy to use.  Recommended!
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|The digital copy system is terrible.  The other disks are fine.  (1) You have to sign up for two accounts to download the digital copy.  (2) They make you install software before you can download.  (3) It takes more than an hour receive the movie.  (4) You don't get a choice of formats (it comes as .MP4)  (5) The movie would not open in iTunes and would not open in Windows Media Player  If you badger them, they will send you 1 downloadable copy in iTunes to replace the one you spent an hour downloading from Ultraviolet, but the Ultraviolet license entitles you to five downloads.  If you're like me, you have more than one computer.
B001E45XT4|5.0|i love this thing. it is very soft and it will take a few days or hours to get used to it. SOUND QUALITY: It's ok. i think its good for gaming and stuff. APPERANCE: its pretty big on my head but the colors are so awesome looking that they make a huge headset look good. Bottom line: Buy it.
B000QQFKYE|3.0|Inland Empire  This was probably the 2nd or 3rd DL movie that I had seen so far, I knew after seeing \\"mulholland\\"  and also reading the IE synopsis that I was going to be in for a nightmare where you don't know what's gonna happen and above all feeling scared and unsettled. When I read the synopsis for IE I thought this movie should be easier to follow then MD, how wrong I was, by the time act 1 was over I was like \\"what the hell?\\", (mind you at this point i still hadn't become familiar with DL's style). Inland Empire is hard to digest at first, even on 2nd viewing but once you have learnt that this movie doesn't spell out the story for ya, that's when watching this movie becomes an entertaining joyride, the idea is not to feel you have to be in control by trying to find the story in this movie, the idea is to just let yourself go. If you can work out what the story of is, yay, yippee! but if you can't, doesn't matter, just the emotional turmoil that this movie puts you through is enough to thrill the heart.  More things that happened  This is basically a 90 min movie of all the deleted scenes in IE. I read that these deleted scenes delve deeper into what IE is about, this is true because when I watched \\"more things\\" I found myself understanding IE a little better but only a little :), there's one scene in \\"more things\\" that is kind of boring, just as well it didn't make the final cut. Other than that I recommend that you watch MTTH.  As for the rest of the special features, Ballerina, Lynch 2, Quinoa and Stories, these are all fun to watch. You get see DL at work and also what he had to do when making IL, my fav is Lynch 2, I would suggest you watch Lynch 1 first which is on the region 4 version.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Wonderful. I can search easily. I can highlight. I can bookmarks. I strongly reccomend u get this if u believe in Jesus Christ.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Many wonderful options, my favorite is the &quot; winning deal&quot; option. No more frustration over a dud deal! I enjoys the deck customization as well.
0525423656|4.0|Dystopian romance fans will not be disappointed by \\"Crossed\\", the second book in Ally Condie's Matched trilogy.    After Ky is sent to a certain death in the Outer Provinces, Cassia embarks on a dangerous journey to find him, but as she uncovers truths about the Society, her quest turns into something bigger.  She also learns more about Xander, the boy she is supposed to be matched with, making her less certain about her future with Ky.    Although the futuristic society Ally Condie created is reminiscent of the one in Ray Bradbury's \\"Farenheit 451\\", it both plausible and contains many original elements.  The love triangle is also believable, and it is refreshing that the heroine has other things on her mind than just boy troubles.    I give this book four out of five red tablets.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Fun game, but if you exit a mini game too fast you can never play it again so it's pretty unplayable now. I've seen all cool extras that come with it everywhere else so I kind of feel like the publisher hates android. Bummer because it is fun but I can't play it on my own phone anymore. Evo 4G.<br /><br />Update: Well, when the update did finally come it deleted all my progress and the ridiculous amount of gold I had. I wound up removing it from my phone in frustration. Still - it was really fun but that was quite uncool.
B0007MWZEK|4.0|Folks,  I have owned my black first generation swivel sweeper for 5 years now and I must say it has been great, we use it every day and I am still on the first two (2) batteries that came with the unit.  It picks up far more then I figured on a short pile rug and only lately I noticed the batteries are a bit weak.  So I put them on the charger for more then eight hours and they are back up to speed.  With my model you do have to go through picking out the fibers and thread it picks up and give it a good cleaning, but it has been solid for me.  I agree that the handle is very light duty but I have never had it break.  I almost bought the two(2) for one(1) sale on the new G2, but the shipping was the killer.  I would think free shipping would be in order or shipping around $8.95.  Remember the ad if it fits, it ships, they should use the USPS and then the 2 for 1 deal makes sense.  Most all companies offer free shipping for real from time to time.  I am sure the company would still make great profits.
B005ARYEY6|5.0|I loved the dvd/cd combo.  I wasn't aware that when I ordered it that the cd's also came with a dvd.  What a very pleasant suprise.  Arrived in no time at all.
1594744769|5.0|I received this book a few days ago as a present and read it in one (long) sitting the next day. Absolutely one of the most unique and creative books I've read. I look forward to a sequal and I want to know more about these \\"peculiar\\" characters.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is a wonderful tool to aid in personal daily devotion. I have been using the Robert Roberts reading plan and it is great!
B005VPSEK2|5.0|I've always been a fan of yours and Dr Paul. I already had a copy of your  album, but figured I'd show mu support and save the time to add it to my cloud drive.  Keep up the good work :)
1250004217|2.0|I was somewhat disappointed by the author's lack of believability in her protagonist... So conflicted ... It is a wonderful story line, a sad and poignant truth... And yet it 'misses'- Her other story line- the one regarding Miss Jarmond ...well- it was interesting that a thoroughly modern, self assured and relocated female was so battered by an egocentric male - and his family - very cliche in parts which detracted from some more serious prose. Her editor should have seen this.... It missed for me - great piece of history....gone Hollywood-
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I am not a good organizer.  but this app has helped me get it together.  I can make to do lists and they are available on my kindle, my phone and my computer.  share info with family or colleague,  done.  store reference pdf files. done. really a great app.
0307949486|4.0|I heard so much about this novel that I had to read for myself. ONce I got started I simply coudln't put it down. I kept wantitng to find out what happened to the missing girl. I loved Salanger's character. She's tough, shrewd and ultra cool. A great read! I just had to skim over the grewsome parts adn descriptions of some of the victims in the story. Gave me nightmares. But overall a great read.
B0063IH60K|4.0|like the title says its functional and fun, but just not that eye catching. would be five if it had more games of solitaire.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|My only complaint is that I wish the game kept track of your record. It is pretty hard to screw up a great game like chess.
B003Z4JQC6|4.0|I'll get the bad out of the way right off. I ordered the last pair in the color I wanted (Forest Night/Black Olive)When they arrived I noticed that one of the clips for the speed lace system was broken. I replaced the speed laces to resolve the issue rather than sending them back. It was not a major issue and cost about two bucks.  Now for the good. This is hand down the most comfortable pair of sandals I have owned. I have had them for 3 days and am already comfortable saying that. Yes, I am noticing a slight smell developing but I am confident the same trick I use for other athletic equimpment will work. Wash with baking soda. If it persists allow to soak in baking soda and rinse.  I simply love these sandals and their design. I am the guy with size 14 feet that bangs his toes on every corner and edge in front of me and these protect my toes. Because I bang my toes they don't look like I could ever be a foot model. Not a problem because the toe box is totally covered so if you have ugly feet these will take that issue away. Love them!!!
B0018QOIXU|5.0|What can I say . . . she is awesome! The songs are from the heart and her voice so different and wonderful to listen to.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|i love it. the check marks have a bug so its not great as a checklist. syncs to all my devices.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Adele has outdone herself! This is the best of her song collection. Awesome voice and just plain ol' funny.  Love the banter on the CD/DVD.
B001F6TXME|4.0|Really like the remote but it doesn't hold a stick to my old Nikon CoolPix remote. This remote only triggers the shutter. Conversely, the CoolPix remote allowed for zoom control and timed shutter release for time lapse, but it costs over 5X the price of this remote. I bought it for my Nikon D3100 and it works perfectly. I await for Nikon to release a more feature robust remote, but in the meantime this will suffice.  If you just want a simple remote shutter release than this remote is for you.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Because I like and read about Ron Paul, I discovered this album. Nevertheless, before purchasing the album, I listened to most of the songs on YouTube.  They were great so I purchased the album and a couple of others.<br /><br />Thank you Kelly.
B00005N6KG|5.0|These little earphones are great! I needed some lightweight earphones for my treadmill adventures. But I didn't want in-ear ones, because I thought they would make me too hot with my ears plugged up.  Plus, I feel more secure with earphones that go over my head - ear hooks irritate me.  Enter these little babies! They have great sound and are so light, I can barely feel them.  I was confused at first on how to put them in, since the \\"speaker\\" portion faces towards your face rather than towards you ear canal, if that makes sense.  That has the effect of giving your ears a little breathing room, so to speak, without compromising the sound or making you hotter by blocking air circulation.  Love them!
B006LS7DQE|4.0|If you haven't played Puzzle Quest yet, buy it!!  One of the best puzzle games ever.  The only problem is that it's choppy during fights.  Fix that, this is definitely a 5 star game.
B0063IH60K|5.0|although this is a simple game, its a lot of fun.  ads aren't too annoying. great especially since its free.
B0063IH60K|3.0|the response time on the game could be better but thus game keeps me busy. it seems like I can never win.as.much as I can on other devices.
B006INDMEE|1.0|Wish I didn't waste my time or money watching this. Unsatisfying ending to a drawn out movie. Ugh, why did I bother.
B006P3HXZG|1.0|I was so looking forward to this film. I actually waited until Thanksgiving to see it. I was so horrendously disappointed, I can't believe the people who left these 4 & 5 star reviews were awake for this film. Puss starts life out @ a boarding school where humpty dumpty is his best friend. He then grows up going on a quest for the magic beans from the Jack & the Beanstalk story. It gets even weirder when a very neanderthalish (billy bob thorton) starts after him after he steals the magic beans. It is the biggest mess of an animated feature imaginable. Makes you wonder, what the writers/directors were on. couldn't be good pot, it would have been a much better story. Selma Hayaks character sadly didn't help this story at all.    In the Shrek films Puss is so awesome, cute and funny - nothing at all like this snoozer.
B00474IVGA|1.0|This is not, for the most part, anything near the original soundtrack.  This is the Recording Industry pushing their own artists versions of the songs.  The REAL soundtrack was released as just \\"Country Strong: More Music From the Motion Picture\\" but is actually the much closer to the ORIGINAL sountrack  and is far superior to the this hyped out version.
B001EIOOWC|5.0|This movie is stunning. The photography is superb and the acting is really good too. This may be violent and deal with violent topics but it is done in such a way as to be stunning to watch.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|I cried at the end of Shadow of the Colossus. And it was a happy cry. Both games are an artistic achievement in the field, but Shadow really takes the cake for atmosphere and folklore. Each of the colossi are levels in themselves, and what's so nice about the game is that NOTHING is spoonfed to you. You must find your own way to beat the colossi, find your way around the world, etc. One of the best games I have ever played. Ever. Ever.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|This is the only weather app I have used since 2011...it's seriously that amazing! eWeather is a beautiful weather app that boasts the most features I've ever seen in any weather app. eWeather makes me feel like I'm using tools meteorologists would enjoy. Whether I'm in Western Europe, Eastern Europe or North America this app is spot on accurate. Recent updates have made it even more useful and enjoyable with new customizations as well as historical weather data. This is a 5 star app and the only weather app I use or need!
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|this app is the best. it reviews all excitement and looks sooooooooooo fun I mean so fun it cant get better than this. except fruit ninga.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This is a wonderful app!  it helped me determine that my neighbors we're broadcasting on the same wifi channel that I was.
B004XZR63M|5.0|I strongly love this book, it has changed my perspective in life, business, and retirement. It has very influential, I can't believe I never read this book as soon as I graduated high school. Never stop learning, always learn new things. There is no limit on how much we can learn. This gives the two points of a dad that has a doctoral and gets paid very well but still has finance problems. The other dad (friend's dad) didn't finish 8th grade but is very successful with business and finance. I like it that the book shows how rich people think and how poor people think. I know I use to think poor but now I'm GOING TO MAKE MY MONEY WORK FOR ME, NOT ME WORK FOR MY MONEY!!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I loved it. she is smart. honest and this album clearly shows that this country is in a revolution and no one can stop it!
B005ZUR724|1.0|This game is fun when it actually works. This broken update issue makes it unplayable currently. If they get this issue fixed I would probably give the game four stars.
B000002BSG|5.0|If your lucky enough to have followed them from the time of their debut album [[ASIN:B00000295A Emergency on Planet Earth]] (and even I wasn't that fortunate) Jamiroquai were one of those bands you were probably hoping would break into the mainstream. The mid 1990's was certainly a puzzling time for music. The keeping it real ethic of the early part of the decade was evolving into....well a number of new and different musical ideas. But during the 1996-1997 period in which this was released at least there was a melting pot of different musical brews to draw on. A funk revival,gestating during the early part of the decade via hip-hop samples and some rock jam bands was starting to take root more heavily. This was good news for Jamiroquai. Their music always had been commercial..well if it had been the mid 1970's anyway. They key was in the production and craft. They weren't just another rhythm section trying to recreate the JB's or Sly & The Family Stone. They more freely acknowledged the dance-funk era of people such as Slave,Heatwave (to whom I'd make a close comparison actually),Brass Construction and even Quincy Jones' early Michael Jackson productions. The fact they had a singular identity all their own as well was big in their favor. And they have that identity every workout they could give it on this one.<br /><br />  The first song \\"Virtual Insanity\\",one of the few of the more hopeful and analytical message songs of the era is a fairly basic funk tune,save for a light samba style bridge. But do to the changing of eras perhaps it captivated the MTV crowd and,due to this era's obsession with media credibility bought Jamiroquai their own pop pass for that era,getting them international hits and making Jay K (and his hats) something of cultural icons of the day. \\"Cosmic Girl\\",\\"Alright\\" and the title track,with more obvious hip-hop scratching all add to the sophistifunk flavor of the album. The first two were the two other big pop hits. But this isn't a hit parade type album by any means. \\"Use The Force\\",with it's full on afro latin percussive/fender rhodes jamming is of the same type you'd see on their first two albums and \\"High Times\\" adds a slight bit of an edge with a heavy rock guitar/snarling sax solo and a.....well not very pro-drug message when you actually listen to the lyrics. The reggae number \\"Drifting Along\\" is a strong reminder of how that genre is really the main point gluing the 80's and 90's generation directly with the 70's,which was meaningful considering the heavy \\"antieightiesitis\\" hanging on at this point. There are a couple of digeridoo numbers that aren't all that interesting but \\"You Are My Love\\" is another great uptempo and horn fueled sophistifunk song where \\"Everyday\\" and \\"Spend A Lifetime\\" are elegantly crafted soul/funk ballads.<br /><br />  \\"Do You Know Where Your Going To\\",a bonus track not named on the back of the CD is a potent reminder of how close the then burgeoning drum n bass sound was to wah wah fueled blacksploitation styled funk,as both of these musical techniques are employed together here. So in addition to getting Jamiroquai at that moment where they did achieve that success they deserved. It had little to do with their musical style actual,great and underappreciated as it was. It had to do with their pop charts and very two sided press,especially how the press really played up that very iffy Stevie Wonder angle. Honestly,that influence was never as strong as it was made out to be. You'd think this sudden mass popularity would be given to a Jamiroquai album that was really grabbing for the public's attention. That isn't what happened here at all. They just made a record that was a very smooth extension of where they were taking their music with their first two albums. And it was likely just a degree of luck that they were in the right place and time to be successful with it. That fact of it being still one of their most creatively potent albums is why I recommended so highly,not just the fact it was popular. Not a bad place to get into the band. Yet not the be all and end all either. No matter what it is an important reminder when,for a short time anyway Jamiroquai and their sound...came close to ruling the pop music world.s popular. Not a bad place to get into the band. Yet not the be all and end all either. No matter what it is an important reminder when,for a short time anyway Jamiroquai and their sound...came close to ruling the pop music world.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Love this game, I can play for hours. I have it on my phone, computer, and now on my Kindle.
B005EL6SUG|5.0|lets get strated i think that this was a great set the train is cool because it looks like a cool lego train i love how the cab is on the back of the engine it has good features like how the cab has all those windows i think i looks cooler than the yellow cargo train. i love the brown hopercar i totally love the boxcar design on it so what if the minifigures have no hasmat suite on the flatbed car is cool although the seat faces the wrong way to operate the small crane. i love the rial worker car the hopercar loader has nice detail on it ps it the train gets derailed on flexible track just flex it straight.  pros:  detail  cool boxcar  rare hopercar  coo minifigs  awesome train  cool rail worker car  awesome hoper loader  cool flatbed car  cons:  a bit pricey
B000AP04NI|5.0|Singing in the Rain is generally considered the greatest film musical ever, and of course it has the most iconic song and dance scene ever, but Oklahoma has more great songs than any film musical ever made [eat your heart out My Fair Lady fans] AND the greatest love duo ever seen in a film musical.
B002HJ9PTO|3.0|Pros: The sound is great. Lots of cord.  Cons: I found a microphone that does the exact same thing as this one but it doesn't need a battery. So, I'm only using this one now as a backup.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|The price was great and it shipped within a few days. I will definitely be ordering through Amazon again and recommend it to others.
B004QK5N5W|4.0|Works perfectly for Iphone 4S.  Just brilliant, on games, video, photos...  I presume works great for Ipad2, as reviewed.  For Iphone 4, you can do a video slide show for photos, and can play videos you shot.  You can also play Itunes videos and songs.  But, you can not use the other functions on iphone.  So you can see photos, but only in slide show mode.  (my wife as Iphone 4S, I have the  4) I have not tried to play downloaded movies, but I will assume it works.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|This was a Christmas present for my son and he loves it. The price was great and I received it within a few days after placing the order.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Adoro esta serie, y me parece sensacional la cantidad de citas a tantas otras series y films que he visto.
B000ANVQ0K|5.0|Great Movie!!  What a slam dunk for a birthday gift!  What a surprise when this gift was unwrapped!  I'll never forget the look on my daughter's face and the enjoyment of watching her enjoy the movie!
B005NNUKF4|2.0|Why does every song end early on the live version? It ruins the music and leaves the listener hanging. Very poor...
B004GYY714|5.0|AWESOME! You can listen to the radio and read, etc at the same time. Comes in crystal clear too. Definitely worth the download!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Very fun and very addicting So good u should pay money for it Only winners play this game so get it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Great game.  would highly recommend, except it is not the full game like on ios with survival and endless mode.  please add! Makes the game so much more fun!
B005POK858|5.0|I absolutely love this game, its easy to pick up and has a great feel. worth every penny in my opinion.
0811879542|5.0|As a children's librarian, I knew I loved this book when I ordered it.  It is interactive, a delightful lesson in following directions, and is still a BOOK, not an electronic game.  I am very disappointed in the delivery time.  I ordered it on Dec. 14 for an early January birthday gift and it still has not shipped, although it appears to be in stock.  The other items in my order arrived in time for Christmas!  I recommend this book to young and old, but if you are ordering it from Amazon, allow plenty of time for them to decide to ship it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a sure fire way to cure boredom. simple point and click gameplay means its easy stuff. only thing is there's a lot of adds.
0486406482|5.0|This book arrived new and in good condition.  I am going to try to read all of Jane Austen's novels.  I have previously read Pride and Prejudice.
B005HSL626|5.0|I love this game. I play with it all the time. I think everybody should get it. Plus. it's freeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Great series all around and some really excellent social commentary in this finalat we are told  book about killing for what we are told, or may even believe, is a justified cause.  As an avid and insatiable reader I highly recommend all of the \\"Hunger Games\\" trilogy!!!  [[ASIN:0439023513 Mockingjay (The Hunger Games, Book 3)]]
B004SBQGHS|5.0|This is the greatest game in the WORLD!!!!!!!!Sure it can be a little bit tricky (for me).......I just love it.
B0059XTUVI|4.0|\\"The Iron Lady\\" is a biographical drama film of the life of Baroness Margaret Thatcher.  The narrative focuses on an aging Thatcher with fading health, reflectively looking back on her life and career.  It was ambitious of the film directors to try and incorporate so many facets of Thatcher's life into a single feature film. This is because several aspects of her life are significant enough to be separate films. For example her rise within the Conservative Party as a female politician or the Falklands War both contain enough depth to be separate films. Notwithstanding this the viewer is presented with numerous major events in Thatcher's life such as: her admittance to Oxford University as the daughter of a green grocer, her progression as a Conservative Member of Parliament, tenure as Leader of the Opposition, and eleven years as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.  The quality of acting is engaging and this film honourably acknowledges Thatcher's breakthrough political career.  Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
B004LWZW4C|4.0|Way better than the hugh/ halle monstrosity, definitely worth seeing and you may want to purchase worth owning, nothing more to say good acting
B005WYFLNU|3.0|Pros:    Durable reusable stickers.  Held up to my four year old attempting to remove them.    A variety of stickers that a little girly girl loves.    An unbeatable price.  Five bucks? Great!  Cons:    Difficult for four year old to remove stickers herself, although it helps considerably to remove the full     surrounding excess \\"sticker\\" material.    Difficult to flip between scenes and stickers.  We ended up pulling all the scenes out to make it easier.  My MAIN con and reason for removal of stars, though, is the content.  I mean, I'm pretty flexible when it comes to gender-based toys, but REALLY!  The \\"scenes\\" available are   1. pajamas   2.  ballerina (although some on this page look like lingere nighties)   3.  \\"dress up\\"- princess/fairy/hippie/cowgirl/cat   4.  BEAUTY PAGEANT.. WHAT!?  They even have bathing suits with little sashes across them. Crazy.    5.  Bridal party.  My girly-girl dress-up princess LOVES all the dresses, and it's easy enough to remove the ones I actually find inappropriate, but I would love to see Melissa and Doug be a bit more progressive and include  more gender neutral choices like fireman/doctor/teacher/scientist.  There are so many possiblities!
B0048LPRCS|1.0|I saw all the other four star reviews for this and I was in the mood for something really creative, so I paid my monies and bought it. BIG MISTAKE!! The movie was painfully slow and boring --and that was WITH all the nudity! How in the world does a director shoot video of nude beautiful women and totally bore you to death at the same time?!? The only way I can see anyone liking this is if they are stoned out of their mind as they watch all the flouresent neon colors splashed all throughout this film.  Don't fall for the \\"glowing\\" marketing hype on this amateurish and dumb dumb film! I hated it so much that when it was over I scratched it all up and immediately thew it in the trash!
0446573019|5.0|The new book from David Baldacci \\"Zero Day\\" introduces us to a new hero, John Puller.  Like in his other books David Baldacci the plot develops quickly and makes you root and care for the hero. He is a army Special Agent who prefers field work to advancement in the military ranks.  He is called to investigate a case in rural area in West Virginia, and unravels a conspiracy that reaches well beyond the borders of West Virginia borders.  The plot is fast-moving, enjoyable, and unpredictable. Just when you think you know what is happening Baldacci takes the story in a new direction.<br /><br />I got this book on a vacation day when I was supposed to do a slew of errands... however, I could not put the book down and wound up reading the book all day turning my chore day into a fantastic trip into imagination and adventure.<br /><br />The book ends in a way that makes you think we will be seeing this hero again, and I am looking forward to it.<br /><br />Ali Julia review<br />--------------------------<br />P.S.<br /><br />I \\"discovered\\" David Baldacci only about a year ago. My plan is to read all David Baldacci books, so I put this list together with all the books and which series they belong to, I hope someone else will find this list useful as well.<br /><br />David Baldacci book by publication year<br /><br />Absolute Power (1996)<br />Total Control (1996)<br />Winner, the (1997)<br />Saving Faith (1999)<br />Simple Truth, the (1999)<br />Wish You Well (2000)<br />Last Man Standing (2002)<br />Christmas Train, the (2002)<br />Split Second (2003) King&Maxwell series<br />Hour Game (2004) King&Maxwell series<br />Camel Club, the (2005) Camel Club series<br />Fries Alive! (2005)<br />Collectors, the (2006) Camel Club series<br />Mystery of Silas Finklebean, the (2006)<br />Simple Genius (2007) King&Maxwell series<br />Stone Cold (2008) Camel Club series<br />Divine Justice (2008) Camel Club series<br />Whole truth (2008) Shaw&James series<br />First Family (2009) King&Maxwell series<br />True Blue (2009)<br />Hell's Corner (2010) Camel Club series<br />Deliver us from eval (2010) King&Maxwell series<br />The Sixth Man (2011 King&Maxwell series<br />One Summer (2011)<br />Zero Day (2011)<br /><br />Baldacci books by series<br /><br />Sean King and Michelle Maxwell<br />1 : Split Second (2003) by David Baldacci<br />2 : Hour Game (2004) by David Baldacci<br />3 : Simple Genius (2007) by David Baldacci<br />4 : First Family (2009) by David Baldacci<br />5 : The Sixth Man (2011) by David Baldacci<br /><br />Camel Club<br />1 : Camel Club, the (2005) by David Baldacci<br />2 : Collectors, the (2006) by David Baldacci<br />3 : Stone Cold (2008) by David Baldacci<br />4 : Divine Justice (2008) by David Baldacci<br />5 : Hell's corner (2010) by David Baldacci<br /><br />John Puller<br />1 : Zero Day (2011)<br /><br />Shaw & James<br />1 : Whole Truth, the (2008)<br />2 : Deliver us from evil (2010)<br /><br />Freddy and the French Fries  (Fiction' Children & Young Adult' Humorous Fiction)<br />Fries Alive! (2005) by David Baldacci<br />Mystery of Silas Finklebean, the (2006) by David Baldacciaxwell series<br />True Blue (2009)<br />Hell's Corner (2010) Camel Club series<br />Deliver us from eval (2010) King&Maxwell series<br />The Sixth Man (2011 King&Maxwell series<br />One Summer (2011)<br />Zero Day (2011)<br /><br />Baldacci books by series<br /><br />Sean King and Michelle Maxwell<br />1 : Split Second (2003) by David Baldacci<br />2 : Hour Game (2004) by David Baldacci<br />3 : Simple Genius (2007) by David Baldacci<br />4 : First Family (2009) by David Baldacci<br />5 : The Sixth Man (2011) by David Baldacci<br /><br />Camel Club<br />1 : Camel Club, the (2005) by David Baldacci<br />2 : Collectors, the (2006) by David Baldacci<br />3 : Stone Cold (2008) by David Baldacci<br />4 : Divine Justice (2008) by David Baldacci<br />5 : Hell's corner (2010) by David Baldacci<br /><br />John Puller<br />1 : Zero Day (2011)<br /><br />Shaw & James<br />1 : Whole Truth, the (2008)<br />2 : Deliver us from evil (2010)<br /><br />Freddy and the French Fries  (Fiction' Children & Young Adult' Humorous Fiction)<br />Fries Alive! (2005) by David Baldacci<br />Mystery of Silas Finklebean, the (2006) by David Baldacci
B005HSL626|4.0|I like it. it is a fun game and you can get new blades and backgrounds but the could have done a create your own blade/background.that would have been cool.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Aside from the Ron Paul musicbomb, my wife wanted Kelly's music in and of itself.  Kelly's Patriotism is rewarded by my expedient purchase of her new album.    Good things come to those who are truthful and honest.  Thanks Kelly.
B004XN3FHA|5.0|I have owned many flashlights over the years and have always looked for a product that is of high quality, puts out a good beam and has a long battery life.  Of course, there is a trade-off between a good strong beam and good battery life; at least until now.  This is a phenomenal flashlight with multiple beam outputs, long battery life and even uses off-the-shelf AA batteries.  The cost is relatively high, but more than reasonable for a product of this type and flexibility.  Because it can provide a steady light for days in an emergency at low output or used as a searchlight at 800 lumens, if needed, it meets virtually every need; you will not be disappointed with this product.
1858704553|5.0|THIS IS A VERY ASOME ITEM THAT I PICKED 2 OF THESE ITEMS, THAK-VOU SO VERY MUCH, IF I WAS LOOKING FOR SOME SPEICAL CD PRUDUCTS AS THIS ITEM I WOULD LIKE TO WORK WITH YOU FOR THESE SPECIL EDITIONS ,AND I WOULD BUY OTHER SUCH ITEMS,THANK-YOU SO VERY MUCH.
B005NFJAZS|3.0|This movie came quickly and as described. Would use this vendor again for my movie needs. Ordered several movies from this vendor.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this goes for the hater named H.banana , F you this game is awesome we lovers don't like it just because its popular we like it because it is fun and addicting and be glad you got a very fun , addicting game for free I hope your reading this H.banana because your an idiot so SHUT UP.
B004132HZS|5.0|This is A BBC series which will continue next year as I understand.  The first episode is by far the best and hooked me immediately.  So many of these Holmes remakes are miserable that I almost didn't even watch this and that would have been my loss.  They are the actual Holmes stories rewritten for modern day London (which also frightened me), but they are very well done and true to the characters that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle created.  I found this to be highly entertaining and I can't wait for the next season to begin.
B005HSL626|5.0|really fun and addicting game so shut up haters and who cares if your kid had nightmares just because their was an app with a picture of a zombie on it this goes for hater No.1 your an idiot and F you hater No.2 who cares if it is to random the game is awesome so you both are idiots.
B006CDDLX2|5.0|This work possibly takes the most scientific approach to NDE research yet of any book I have read on the subject. It is thorough and comprehensive, persuasive, and objective. Part of the book are quite technical--but that is the way it should be, because it lends greater scientific credibility to the work as a whole. I want to be able to force myself to understand this topic in objective, scientific terms for once, and not just have my emotions comforted, and van Lommel achieves this adeptly and graciously. This is a must-read for anybody who wants to read a substantive, clinical, scientific account of the near-death experience.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I don't know what most of you are talking about I downloaded this game for free and no ad problem for me and it doesn't freeze at all your kindle fire might be taking to much abuse if it is freezing do you drop it a lot?
B001HNE3NO|5.0|This story touches the heart with its characters. If you like seeking truths and puzzles this story brings time and place together  with the significance of family ties and value in new found relationships, trust and intuition.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Rock and roll album from a world class superstar. Keep your head up champ! Enjoy the success that freedom brings.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|There's a fair amount of your typical arcade type games in here. Overall pretty good, but it has a tendency to be... I suppose the word is crude as far as control goes.
B006MGDVFM|5.0|I always like true stories more than fiction, and this one is quite an inspirational journey.  I recommend this to racing fans and inaddition just a good inspiring story all around.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|shuts down in the middle of the game on kindle fire. not great for the free app of the day.
B004FOA84A|3.0|Great game, but it was waaaay too short. I wanted more, so I guess it wasn't all bad.  It was, however, challenging and really fun. Just wish it could have continued a little longer. :)
B004EPYZSK|4.0|We saw this in the theater when it first came out and we really liked this one.  I think the title scared a lot of people off. It is one of those movies that when you go it you are not going to see a documentary, but a fiction film.  You never want to look for too deep of meaning in this kind of film.  Overall it was a great ride.   We then rented this via Amazon Prime when some friends came over last week.  We watched the extended version thinking we might see some interesting things not in the original.  The problem with this is I broke my own rule on deleted scenes.  The are deleted for a reason and especially with this one.  The Extended version has about 15 minutes more than the theatrical version and it is ALL DIALOGUE.. It slows this movie too far down and really makes it seem to drag.   I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see an interesting take on mixing sci-fi and western but please only watch the theatrical release version.
B000002UB2|5.0|By far one of my favorite ways of listening to music is a vinyl or an old tube radio. Abbey Road is great album and sounds terrific! Great sounds and will be a favorite vinyl in my collection!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|There are so many devotions to choose from &amp; options for Bible reading plans.  My biggest problem is deciding which ones to do first....love it!
B004O3YGMC|3.0|It still amazes me how lacking support in Apps like this for Linux is so lacking or non-existent.  Android is built on Linux, so where's the love???
B0055SWM08|5.0|The music, imagery, execution.  Overwhelmingly beautiful. It's also incredibly fun and challenging,  to boot. Do yourself a favor and don't look up a guide online.
B0034G4P4O|5.0|The Tintin graphic novels follow an unlikely protagonist: a mile mannered, sharp-witted young reporter.  There are about two dozen of them, artfully drawn, with a recurring cast of colorful characters woven through various tales. The books have been translated in 50 languages.  200 million copies have been sold around the world, but, oddly, not many of these are in America.  That makes Tintin something of a rare gem here, and he's part of my family culture.  I worried that Speilberg would spoil the magic, ruin the brand.  Somehow, he didn't. At all.  The film is brilliant.   Not only did it capture the tone, pace, and geographic sweep of the novels, it also caught so many details -- facial features of minor characters, body posture, personalities, villains, props, gags, cameo appearances, gestures, curses.  It is all there.  The motion capture style made it almost lifelike, but clearly not.  Just like the novels.  It's as if the books had come alive. Another clever adventure with colorful characters in foreign lands half a century ago.  Nice to see so many old friends, looking good after all these years.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the bible always bring with me. I use it at church and if my kids have a question we cab always find the answer.
B004EPZ06Q|3.0|I had high expectations for this movie, but the writers definitely showed that they do not have much of a creativity jump. I understand that this is a sequel but there are a lot of plot lines that are the same with something removed and something added (to not give any spoilers). It made me laugh a few times but for the most part it was predictable if you seen the first one. I quickly got annoyed with the repetition in story lines from part 1 to part 2 (from beginning to end and in about the same order). This would definitely be a rent before buying type movie, and I figured that the writers were pressing with a sequel to such a unique movie. I loved the first one but this one kind of takes a little bit of that love away too, because it left a bad taste in my mouth after feeling that I got ripped off for buying it, since it was essentially the same movie, with weaker humor, in my opinion.
1433502410|4.0|I found ths ESV study bible very helpful and deep. It has a great source of valuable explanations and  illustrative approaches to understand the bible.   The only issue is that it is very heavy big. However, I advice christians who would need a study bible to the copy, and I am sure you will be pleased.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|This cover is great!  Bought it for my daughter's Kindle Fire and it's a perfect fit!  Besides making the Kindle look elegent, this cover is a great protection for the Kindle, as well.  Protects it while it's in your purse,seat of your car, couch, etc.  I highly recommend it.
0553805371|1.0|Stephen Hawking has gotten a lot of people to pay good money to read his own private musings on why there is no God.  Hawking is using this as a way to establish himself as the Next Great Genius after Einstein.<br /><br />He makes assumptions and extrapolations from Feynman's ideas that are without foundation and presents them as fact as essential keys to demonstrating his belief there is no God and no Divinity.  This is radial atheism.<br /><br />Science and religion have been contrasted as follows:  Science is an attempt to attain ultimate knowledge without feeling and religion is an attempt to know God without thinking.  We have both thought and emotion and through them experience our lives.  They both have their place.<br /><br />Science is limited by the boundaries of experimental procedure.  There are some scientific hypotheses, such as string theory, which cannot be examined with experimental procedure.  Unless you can demonstrate it with experiment, it's just an unproved theory.  The problem here is that Hawking presents his theories as fact and most readers don't know enough to realize otherwise.<br /><br />You expect a greater level of integrity and rigor from a scientist.
B00009Y3L4|5.0|It's Cabaret. Anything with Liza Minnelli is awesome. Joel Grey awesome. The music is awesome. They don't make movies like this any more.
B005HSL626|4.0|fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun. its always fun to slice fruit. I have nothing else 2 say. 4 star material. yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaayyyy. no ads and very fast.
B0063IH60K|4.0|fun times for all!! you get a new game every time...never gets old. check it out...give it a try. solitaire
B006BDHAX0|5.0|Update: The company listened to all the reviewers concerning the shut down problems and I can safely say they have corrected the issues. We are now playing the game without any problems (except solving the puzzles!) This is a fun and challenging game that now works flawlessly. Kudos to EnsenaSoft for the bug fix in version 1.1.12. There are several options that allow you to change colors, themes, and even holiday themes. We now waste hours addicted to this version. I highly recommend this download.
B005DOKIYG|5.0|I needed something to protect my Fire from accidental bumps and things being left on it.  This is an extremely well padded cover that offers the protection I needed as well as  looking good. I can carry my fire with me in this protector and not worry about anything.  I can use the loop on the cover to slide my hand into and it feels secure to carry.
B004A8ZWVU|5.0|I read and loved the book, but I was afraid the movie wouldn't live up to the book. I shouldn't have worried. If you have read the book, you will immediately appreciate that the characters from the pages have come to life on the screen. If you haven't you will grow to love (and hate) the characters of this story.
B005HQ5S3G|1.0|It was rather bland, boring and lacking her previous work.  I have always enjoyed Kelly, but this is not her finest hour.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I just wish that an add didn't pop up for every new game. Other than that its a fun game.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I literally read this book in about 1.5 days.  I could not put it down.  To be honest, I wasn't very impressed with the book upon first glance.  It really took more than the first chapter to \\"hook\\" me.  But once I was hooked, I could not stop reading.  You will not be disappointed!
B004RJMUJO|1.0|i got it, loved it, then showed my friend who has the free version. turns out he has 10 more blades that the full version doesn't. smh waste of a dollar :/
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I really loved this book although I thought I would hate it at many points.  The little boy is such a hero.
B0063IH60K|5.0|would be 5 stars if it would let u know there r no more moves instead of having hints move 1 card back and forth to keep the game alive..
B0040UAYI4|5.0|AWESOME!      If you loved counterstrike and are jealous of all those console gamers and their new FPS (Call of Duty/BF..etc) you will love this system.  I suggest heading over to PenguinUnitedForum.com and reading over some of their FAQs. For the required mouse and keyboard, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND a \\"Microsoft wired keyboard 200\\" and the \\"Logitech G500\\".  You NEED a DPI switchable mouse to use this to its potential.  You also have to make sure if you get a different mouse from the one I suggested, that the DPI settings are stored within the mouse itself.      For the easiest time:    1) Buy this.  2) Pick up a Logitech G500 mouse/Microsoft 200 keyboard  3) Install all the necessary software (G500 software, PenguinUnited software)  4) Visit PUF, and search for \\"Hacktivators Config for PS3..\\"    [...]  5) Enjoy!    I should note, my Eagle Eye cuts out once or twice a game, I think its a bad USB connection within the EE.  I'm looking into getting a replacement for now, but for $60, its totally worth it.
B006KX3GXO|2.0|i try to add edit my picture but wen i want to add any effect it select add and it goes automaticly to my starting page it doesnt let me do anything please help!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I can spend hours playing this game and it is lots of fun playing and winning - you have to enjoy that!
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is a great app! it is easy to play and easy to navigate. and of course the best, it is free!
B004DSX5B6|2.0|The tool, itself, is fine.  It's a standard Gerber multitool with the Bear Grylls branding.  What was disappointing was the quality of the sheath.  The nylon belt loop broke on the second day.  It looked as if the loop was held in place by one poorly attached thread.  This was especially disappointing because it was a gift for my 8-year-old son, who thinks Bear is The Man.  I figured I couldn't go wrong here -- a real Gerber product that happened to be branded with one of my son's favorite TV heroes.  I guess Gerber decided to cut a corner with the sheath.  Buyer beware -- you might do better with the regular Gerber multitool with a standard sheath.  As it stands, his Mom is kindly resewing it with more and stronger thread.  I wonder if Bear Grylls has to ask his mom to sew up the equipment he actually uses in the field?
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|this is the best game ever it is really smooth and all my friends have the game too.I LOVE IT!!!!
B0010SKUYM|4.0|Fun book with a really enjoyable hero. Kvothe is extremely well drawn and the transition from young bard to novice mage is a great story. I found myself rooting for Kvothe as he struggled to find two dimes to rub together and overcome the shock of the loss of his family. The magic system is interesting although not as well thought through as most fantasy I've read. Ultimately though, this book is more about how legends are made and reupations earned.  Two complaints. First, the author has trouble whet it comes to describing the relationship with Denna. Her character is hyped up to no end, and when she is finally introduced she ends up being a real bore. Much of the book is wasted in Kvothe repeatedly going to look for Denna, have the same halting conversation with Denna, criticize Denna's suitors, and on and on. The amount of ink wasted on her character is enormous. Second, the antoagnists in the book are not nearly interesting enough. The Chandrian are barely described at all after the brief encounter early on in the book. The school masters are bufoonish and easily outmanuevered. The dragon poses no real challenge. Ultimately, Kvothe is so capable relative to his challenges, that there is never any doubt he'll succeed. Little is done to explain how he ultimately falls so far from glory, but the few hints given did leave me wanting a sequel.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|I showed this movie to my three year old grandson who is only interested in \\"Thomas the Train\\" right now.  In order to get his attention, I had to narrate the story.... And much to my surprise, he was delighted with the movie, and has asked to see it again. No need for narration the second time. He also sings the song from the movie and asks me to do so as well.  What a delightful movie for children - and how wonderful to get to witness the joy on a child's face as they watch this magical tale.
030788743X|5.0|So to be blunt, this book is terribly written and poorly plotted.  The antoginist is utterly buffoonish and implausible. The hero is barely likeable and survives mainly through random luck and deus ex machina devices. The moral of the story feels forced... I could go on but let me cut myself short...  I absolutely loved this book. LOVED IT! Despite all of its flaws I could not stop turning the pages. This book really speaks to an under-served market of geeks who came of age in the late-80s and early 90s. It's truly original. In much the same way that Neuromancer or Snowcrash helped defined new genres of science fiction, this book invents nostalgia-sci-fi. It could be done better, but it's the first of its kind and well worth reading.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Love Mahjong of most all kinds but this reset in the middle of the game is SO VERY ANNOYING!!! I will keep this if this is fixed and I'll give a better rating.
B00475AYJQ|3.0|Decent sequel but could use some editing. Around halfway throught he book when Kvothe decides to leave the University, the pace of the book really slows down. There's alot of searching for Denna, the bit with Felurian is really drawn out too long, the time spent learning martial arts drags on forever. It feels as though the author is just going through a checklist of things hinted at in book one, then wringing out 75-100 pages for each topic. Ultimately, it doesn't really pay off and there is very little plot movement in this book beyond Kvothe attaining some money and a couple new skills.  Not bad, but I hope the next in the series gets on with the main event: Chandrian.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|I've always been a fan of the Harry Potter Books and Movies. This movie was a really good adaptation of the book, I was impressed with how well it followed the original story line and details in the book. I have all of the movies now and really enjoy just having a Harry Potter day with the family. I don't like to let young children watch any of these movies, but my siblings are teenagers now and, we all sit with our mother and enjoy quality family time. I would recommend to buy not only this movie but all 8 in the Movie franchise. Fun for the whole family!!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like the game. It's a great way to pass the time away. Just the update is the only thing I didn't like because it reset everything.
B003PIUC02|5.0|Like many fans I am very sad that Andy Whitfield died (bless his friends and family). He was a very talented actor as Spartacus: Blood and Sand proves. This is a great series!! I had already seen all the episodes back from when the series first aired, but seeing them again in beautiful Blu-Ray picture was awesome. I even watched a lot of episodes twice - once normally and then again to listen to the audio commentaries - most usually include a cast member - 4 with Andy Whitfield - funny and cool to listen to. I got this on sale after Black Friday but I think even if I had paid more for it I would still be very satisfied. This is a TV show that aims to be a mini-movie with each episode. I am a 26 year old girl, so I think it can be appreciated by all types of viewers (adult of course - R rated) as overall the entire season tells an amazing, compelling story!!
0307887898|3.0|The writer puts together a good book. If you are in the high-tech or software biz, probably a lot of good info. For a main street entrepreneur this book is not of as much use.<br /><br />Many traditional businesses simply do not have the ability to test and constantly adjust their \\"product\\" or \\"service\\". We are out here in real world, not inventing products, but instead working in a particular field, with well defined products and services.<br /><br />Certainly there is room for creativity and measurement, but not the way software can be tested and users tracked.<br /><br />I have read several recent business books with a similar specific industry slant, by big name authors, that offer little practical help to what I would call traditional entrepreneurs. We are 1, 2 or 3 person operations with little margin for error and need practical help attracting customers to a new concern utilizing current marketing trends and tools.<br /><br />The book was a good read for he most part, but got bogged down in the middle with too much detail that was of no use.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Kept me on track as I restored my 1962 Airstream trailer.  Shopping lists. Task lists. Even photos of fabrics as I whopped. Fantastic!
B002IFT1ZA|5.0|George R(ail)R(oad) Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series of which A Game of Thrones is the first book is the finest written fantasy series out there.  It's fantasy for the mature reader looking for something more than the pulp stories of elves and dragons that the genre is filled with.  The books in the series are not only my favorite fantasy novels but also among my favorites of any genre.  I've also recommended his work to others who prior to reading Game of Thrones had no interest in fantasy novels at all.  In fact the story itself is rooted more in a realistic, if fictional, medieval setting and the fantasy aspects take a backseat to the political intrigue for most of the tale.  If you haven't read the books, I highly recommend them.<br />Having such high regard for the books I had equal parts anticipation and dread while waiting for this series to debut on HBO.  As I'm sure anyone who has seen a loved written work adapted to the screen can attest, it's rare that a film version can do justice to the movies that you've already played through in your mind while reading.  Even if the adaptation is enjoyable more often than not there are still a few sticking points that didn't seem quite right.  A Game of Thrones not only breaks that mold but shatters it.<br />This is the only adaptation of a work I love that I after watching it the first or even the fourth time I could not find anything to nitpick about.  In fact it is done so well that in many cases I think it outshines the novels.  The scenes written solely for the show could easily have been plucked from discarded chapters and fit seamlessly.  The actors portray their characters so well that in all but one case their faces have replaced in my mind the ones I had originally conjured while reading the books.  If I had to voice a complaint it would be that it was over far to soon, and the wait for more far too long.<br />This is TV at it's finest and should not be missed by anyone who loves a good story, fantasy fan or not..
0385535139|5.0|Book is tipical Grisham, everything and more that I have come to expect from him.  Books are both knowledgeable and a pleasure to read.
B0063GORYU|5.0|its so much fun to play! me and my big bro play it all the time. he is hooked on it now!!  I just wish u could change the cards like in solitare!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Purchased this CD for my girlfriend who I am sure will love it!  We both are Ron Paul supporters and would like to show our support for Kelly Clarkson.  She took the big risk of voicing her political opinions on a public forum.  This took courage as I am sure she knew that she may be alienating some of her fans.  However, by doing so she has gained new fans.  As her new fans, we are pushing to put her album up to #1 on the Amazon Best Seller list.  Thanks, Kelly!
B006AZZPCM|4.0|I love this app. great for downloading videos that you love from youtube. the only problem is that you can not watch videos directly from the app, you must open youtube in your browser.
B004EPZ07U|5.0|Great movie!  A lot of action, quick pace!  Ryan Reynolds is very good as Green Lantern.  Blu Ray is  as clear as a bell!
B004Y1USV2|3.0|I realize my title sounds like I don't know what it is....and I don't to an extent. Let me say I think Anderson is an over the hill, pompous ass! The fact he refused to do any of the \\"Drama\\" CD speaks for itself what kind of schmuck he is. I personally think Yes could cover most of their roots with \\"Roundabout\\" and \\"I've Seen All Good People\\" and move ON! I also think their later brilliance existed when Wakeman wasn't in the picture. \\"Relayer\\" is amazing! \\"Drama\\" is one of my favorites (hence the hope this CD featuring the principles from \\"Drama\\" with Trevor Horn doing what he does best as producer/co-writer rather than singer and a superior singer to Anderson - yet the result falls flat from the groundbreaking songs on Drama). I'm SO BURNED OUT on Yes playing 2+ hours of show consisting of 8 extended songs and jams! I love the Rabin era as he taught Yes how to write and deliver powerful 4 minute songs! Howe needs to go as well. They screwed up alienating Sherwood as all his solo works and projects are top notch and everything Yes isn't and should be. FFH should have had more dynamics and been more daring like \\"Drama\\" and it's not.
B000ZECQ08|5.0|I have been a Harry Potter fan my whole life and I am sad that it is all over, but I had to rebuy a few movies, since mine was really worn out. Half-Blood Prince is one of my faves and if you ever watch it....make you have some tissues.
1401223176|5.0|Very very very impressed.  This read like a great action film, but it brings pretty much all of Batman's universe together into 320 FAST paced pages.  Mandatory reading.
B005SV9X22|5.0|I was lucky enough to see Mama Monster in person but if you have never seen Lady Gaga in concert and you are a fan, then you have to see this dvd. It is a non-stop party.
B006BDHAX0|2.0|The gameplay, visuals, audio and layout are pretty nice.  I would have given it at least 4 stars if the game didn't suddenly exit after a few levels.
B005KELS6Q|5.0|This bright and colorful Kindle cover is perfect for those who like to take their Kindle out and about with them.  The cover zips completely closed so you do not have to worry about your Kindle slipping out or anything getting in where your Kindle is.  The small patterned area on the outside has a rubberized texture so that it's easy to hold onto and your fingers don't slip, and the inside is lightly padded to provide extra protection for your Kindle.  The entire case is very light to carry and adds minimal weight to the Kindle.  My favorite feature is that this is washable - with mild soap and water you can gently hand wash the cover which isn't something you can do with a lot of the other Kindle covers out there.  I found the Paparazzi Pink color to be very true to what is pictured on the website, and the fit is perfect for my 6\\" Kindle.
B0063IH60K|4.0|the graphics in this app are good. easy to navigate and fun to play! if you enjoy solitaire, you will enjoy this app.
B0000CEB4V|5.0|Timing is everything.  I was alway a George fan... he was my favorite Beatle... but this viewing practically knocked me over with all the fantastic artists paying tribute to George's music... George's music!!!  I think many are unaware of the huge body of work that is George Harrison.  Also, the Indian portion was more appealing and exciting to me than if I'd seen this 10 years ago.  It stands on its own as simply excellent, but yoga has become part of my life over the past decade and my appreciation for that part of the DVD is, I'm sure, even greater due to an ever-increasing interest in things Indian.
B004T4LUPW|1.0|This is not easy to use.  I have been unable to get it to save an entry.  I entered the item and hit save and it seemed to not be anywhere.  I have calendars in the past such as Outlook and have not had any problems.  I was hoping to have an easy calendar to use on my Kindle Fire.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|its the same as any other chess. game that's how its simple and its a little confusing if you play 1 player and put it really easy you still get mad you lost
0807014273|5.0|This book is one that I will forever go back and refer to. What a beautiful soul and an amazing forgiving heart.   It teaches us all that in our darkest moments there are glimmers of hope and beauty.
B001AW156U|5.0|Really like these, just want I need for my GT5 sessions. They snap on very snugly. People who have issues with them falling off must be pretty hard on their controllers as I haven't had any issues with them so far. They also pop off without too much trouble.   The only minor issue I have is that my large fingers sometimes rub the button unsmoothed edge of the button which is kind of bothersome but not really noticeable.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|game can't zoom in, visuals are shotty, and the sensitivity of the game on my super sensitive screen is spoiling. needs a serious revamp if it looks to keep up with the competition. not worth the bandwidth it took to download in its current state.
0920668372|5.0|I read this book almost every night my kids don't get tired. I recently lost my mother so It has more meaning for me. Love this book.
B004GJYROG|5.0|This was a gift for an 8  year old boy who loved the movie. My sons had watched it when they were little and I wanted to share the movie.
0425166805|5.0|Well written book, very simple for all to understand I recommend watching the movie after reading this book, still very relevant even after decades later. Those of you who find this book fascinating I also recommend reading forbidden archeology.
B0001FUHV6|5.0|Love the music in the movie so of course I would love the soundtrack! :)  Need I say more, great music to listen to!
B004FOA84A|2.0|I got addicted to hidden object mystery games on my sister-in-laws ipad over the summer.  I couldn't wait to get my own games for my new kindle fire.  This was a sad disappointment.  I downloaded the game at 9:00am and completed the game by 10:30am.  :(  Really?  I kept reviewing the final page...waiting for something else.  Nope.  Completed.  Disappointing.  I hope Kindle Fire adds more hidden object game developers to their platform.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I knew there was some good reason I liked you....besides your awesome voice, of course!!  Love your spirit, but believe in Dr. Paul, he WILL win.  He MUST win.  Be sure to vote in your primary.  Very, very important.  Looking forward to your cd.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|I  have wi fi on but won't download and it stays in notification bar.  can't delete.  need help to remove from notifications.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|*SPOILERS AHEAD*  Like most people I ate up the first two books in the Hunger Games series, but very dissapointed in Mockingjay.  After I first finished the book I lay in my bed with an unsettling feeling in my stomach that I couldn't quite place. It felt as if the series wasn't really over, but it was. And the ending really irked me.  First I'd liketo say the characters really annoyed me. Starting with Katniss. Katniss, who had been such an inspirational hero in the first two book, came back as a coward for the last book. What happened to the girl who had so willingly sacrificed herself for her sister and Peeta in the first two books? Instead we are left with a living dead girl for most of the book, who happens to be conveniently in the hospital everytime something important happens. I know everyone thinks Katniss died the second she volunteered to take her sister's place in the games, but I just don' t think that's true. The Katniss Everdeen I read in the last two books was a survivor. The one who appeared in Mockingjay just gave up.   Next I would like to say Gale was not his usual self. The kisses they shared in this book were detached of any emotion other then self-pity. Katniss would kiss him because she assumed she assumed she would never get Peeta back and Gale was her only other option. He would kiss her because he knew this was probably true. When Peeta finally does come back Gale is pushing her to make a choice. Which is why it is such a shock that he gave up so easily at the end. I didn't like the way this relationship ended. There was too many questions to be answered. For two people who loved eachother so much they certainly gave up on their friendship pretty fast. I was mad at her for blaming him for something that was our of his control and I was mad at him for taking defeat and just accepting the fact that she would always blame him for Prim's death, without so much as an explanation on his part. That ending left much to be desired.   Next is Peeta.I have to admit I have been team Peeta all along. The ending was what I wanted, but not the way I wanted it. Although it was heartbreaking Katniss needed that break from Peeta to realize she needed him to function at her best. When she finally gets him back all he wants to do is kill her. Peeta's hijacking just adds to an already confusing plot. To make matters worse Collins keep setting it up to make you believe that Peeta will be able to reverse his hijacking, but in the end he is just a shell of the kind, incredible boy he once was. Though they end up together in the end I feel like it wasn't even really them. It was these two completely different people who never really got back to who they once were.   I found the storyline confusing and hard to follow at some parts. Mostly during team 451's quest to the capital I found the pods confusing and all the random deaths mixed in together had me reading over the paragraphs making sure I got it right. I felt some of the character's were disposable. Even character's we had known for a while, like Finnick. When he first is killed you don't feel anything for him, the tragedy comes later when you find out he has a son on the way. I also found Prim's death an unessessary tragedy. I felt like it was just a way to get rid of the last person Katniss cared about and trusted with all their heart.   The ending was a bitterly realistic look on the affects war and tragedy can do to a person. I hoped her and Peeta would heal each other,but instead they reamain the broken shells of people they once were. I interprate her parting thoughts as \\"My life sucks, but if could be worse\\".   A little too much reality for a teen fiction novel.
B000001ESP|5.0|This recording is the one their most recent (2011) concert series and dvd highlighted. A vinyl recording of this is breathtaking. Since they're currently unavailable, this cd is a good 'second best.' Remastering added some dynamics not heard on other cd releases of the same recording. GOOD CD!!! ONLY $$6.50!!! CHEAP AT TWICE THE PRICE. BUY IT!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Simply put this is the best album of Clarkson's career.  Top to bottom this album delivers what Clarkson's fans want to hear- an strong independent voice coupled with energetic and catchy harmonies.  Best album of the year- Critics Choice!
B005HPY8LU|5.0|I was always a casual fan of Kelly Clarkson's because she is really so talented you couldn't ignore her if you have an ear for talent like I do. That being said, I became a real fan when I learned she was intelligent, too! Ron Paul fans will give you the shirt off their backs, but they'll also help you sell your music!!! I bought your album \\"stronger\\" today, and although I already know of all the songs, I can't wait to listen to them again knowing that you are a RP supporter!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I play this app 24/7. its so much fun i absolutely love it.its great for passing time or when you are bored.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you for supporting Ron Paul. This is how I'm supporting you - by buying your album. You have a fantastic voice and you have character. I will enjoy listening to you.
B003R0LBVW|2.0|I, too, had enjoyed reading Jonathan Franzen's \\"The Corrections\\". After that, I had wanted to love everything that he wrote. But while reading \\"Freedom\\", I slowly began to develop the feeling that I was wasting my time trying to decipher its characters instead of inhabiting them. I couldn't bring myself to believe in Walter and Patty's interactions with their son Joey, for example. The main characters simply take turns being inept, crazy, infantile or rude. Franzen writes well, but his vision here is warped. I did not finish this book.
B005ZUR724|2.0|Was a really fun game for the first few hours. I logged back in the next day a message popped up telling me I needed an update but no update was available :((. please fix this update problem
B00008G7UJ|5.0|arrived in plenty of time  have no clue on quality; it was given as christmas gift  assume all is fine  no issues
B003K16P3M|5.0|I've read hundreds of books. Of all the books I've ever read, this one is quite possibly my favorite of them all.<br />I don't think I need to say anymore than that. :-)
1451648537|5.0|I really enjoyed reading \\"Steve Jobs\\".  The book is very well written and easy to read.  I loved reading all the personal details of Steve's life and I felt like I really got to know the man.  A big plus was Amazon's fast delivery.
B00656C6KK|5.0|For many of us who became aware of Doris through her 1950s pop singles it came as a revelation that this multi-talented super-star was also one of the foremost interpreters of the so-called \\"Great American Songbook,\\" with striking performances of the most \\"classic\\" melodies by Berlin, Styne, Van Heusen, Loesser, Ellington, Rodgers&Hart, Gershwin, Cole Porter, and the great Harry Warren.  It's the latter's sublime \\"My One and Only Love\\" that is arguably the highlight of this collection, with equal credit belonging to Andre Previn's rich and warm, intelligently supportive piano accompaniment.  Amazon's editorial comments indicate that 13 of the songs on the present album have a \\"timeless quality,\\" though such a judgment may seem a bit premature.  Even Joe Cocker's familiar \\"You Are So Beautiful\\" (not to be confused with Rodgers & Hart's \\"You Are Too Beautiful\\") sounds like a mundane sentiment and mere melodic fragment compared with a Hart lyric or Rodgers composition).<br /><br />Besides the aforementioned Harry Warren tune, there are at least two other tracks that have proven their classic status, taking their place as \\"standards\\" in the Songbook: the affectionately delivered \\"My Buddy\\" and \\"Life Is Just a Bowl of Cherries\\" (practically revelatory because of Doris' slowed-down reading, which makes all too clear that the sentiment of the title grows out of the experience of one who knows that \\"the strongest oak must fall\\").  The remaining ten songs, most released for the first time, are pleasant enough, with tuneful (if not especially memorable) melodies and heart-tugging or upbeat lyrics that are bound to go over well with a large segment of the listening audience.  Beginning with the third tune, \\"The Way I Dreamed It,\\" the music is frequently weighed down by some of the more formulaic qualities of light-rock, Beach Boys or Carpenters-style ephemera: back-beats on ballads taken slow enough for a \\"danceable\\" 6/8 feel, punched-up synth-sounding bass tones, the dated sound of the Yamaha FM digital piano, the relentless 4/4 triads of acoustic piano and/or acoustic guitar, gratuitous sweetening by anonymous duet partners or choirs.  At times it's a style reminiscent of numerous karoake recordings, and yet Doris so closely identifies with her material that she rises above the mechanical accompaniment, elevating the song to the personal and human.<br /><br />There's never a doubt about the degree of Doris' commitment: she identifies so strongly with her material that beginning with the first track--\\"It's Lovely Up Here\\"--the listener is prepared to follow her to the promised destination.  Music critics who are fans of Doris Day dwell on her innocence, her sweetness, her optimism--all of which seems slightly off the mark.  What distinguishes Doris Day from other singers is, above all, her sincerity.  Because she believes so completely in all that she does, it's difficult--to a degree not found in any other artist--to distinguish the person from the persona or, for that matter, the speaking voice from the singing voice. She speaks with the \\"ringing bells\\" that Frank Capra heard in Jean Arthur's voice; she sings with a quality that is so conversational and intimate that the word \\"performance\\" seems ill-chosen.  Instead of being \\"sung to,\\" you feel as though you've been confided in by a close personal friend--and emerged the better for the experience.<br /><br />Whether or not this album belongs in the \\"jazz\\" category to which Amazon has assigned it is questionable but ultimately irrelevant.  Doris has the expressive gifts and musical command of the best American singers and can practically claim a place alongside Ella, Billie and Peggy--or Louis, Bing and Frank.  Accordingly, \\"My Heart\\" can be heartily recommended.  Just be certain not to stop there.  During one singularly productive period, she recorded 145 songs in a 3-year span.  It's available in a six-CD box set, \\"It's Magic\\" (hard to find these days, as companies have gone to shorter, more profitable single-disc collections, or \\"samplers\\").  If you're a musician (my instrument is piano) there's one inarguably \\"essential\\" Day disc: \\"Duet,\\" featuring Doris with Andre Previn.  Many of us wish she would have continued in the same vein, remaining as active musically throughout the '60s, '70s, and '80s as she had during the late '30s, '40s and '50s.  Still, what she's left us with is an enviably impressive body of work--along with a heart seemingly capable of embracing all who discover her talent and special energy.  (Final recommendation: the movie \\"Calamity Jane\\" along with the song \\"Secret Heart.\\")-disc collections, or \\"samplers\\").  If you're a musician (my instrument is piano) there's one inarguably \\"essential\\" Day disc: \\"Duet,\\" featuring Doris with Andre Previn.  Many of us wish she would have continued in the same vein, remaining as active musically throughout the '60s, '70s, and '80s as she had during the late '30s, '40s and '50s.  Still, what she's left us with is an enviably impressive body of work--along with a heart seemingly capable of embracing all who discover her talent and special energy.  (Final recommendation: the movie \\"Calamity Jane\\" along with the song \\"Secret Heart.\\")
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I don't know a lot about American Idol or Kelly Clarkson but she must have stand up character to understand the issues and not let people like Faux News tell her who to endorse. It would be too cool if Kelly came out with a Ron Paul song and music video! hint hint ;)
0743497465|3.0|Dan Brown is a masterful writer of suspenseful moments where split second action will alter the outcome of several lives, and if you buy into his mindset, history as well.  You will read this book on the edge of your seat, slogging through plot twist and close calls, gruesome deaths and ever changing villains.<br />But the story line is so insane, that it's hard to swallow, and makes all the effort to read this book, boil down to an exercise in adrenaline rushes.<br />NASA is foundering.  The US President wants to keep it afloat.  His opponent wants to privatize it and use the saved money for education.  NASA is desperate.  Out of the blue, NASA discovers an 8,000 ton meteorite imbedded in a glacier, with fossils which prove the existence of life on other planets.  Or does it???  And what will happen to those who doubt the authenticity of this discovery?<br />I don't want to spoil the book for Brown's diehard fans.  But if Dan Brown were a good a story teller as he is at inventing suspense, he'd be in the league of Fredrick Forsythe.  He isn't.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|Though by no means the most comprehensive chess out there, it lets you play chess on a simple platform.  I would like to see points or pieces taken, but that is a small gripe.  Everything else works fine.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|this app is so awesome and fun! the adds really don't matter. so I think the 99 cent 1 is a rip off.
B005W8SNNG|3.0|it isn't like the previews, and I am glad I didn't buy this movie. It was funny at the beginning and the ending was alright, but it isn't what I expected. It kindof reminded me of the toothfairy when the character ruin the kid's dreams by giving them bad advice, and crushing their aspirations. Then at the end, the main character gives solid advice and actually help the children or person in need.   Amazon has created a monster because I am going to rent, for now on, most to all my movies before buying them. To save some green.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|I've always loved the Muppets and their version of A Christmas Carol has become a family favorite. Michael Caine brings new life to Scrooge in a story that is appealing to children and adults with the comic relief from a cast of Muppets.
B005DC68NI|5.0|If you're considering self-publishing, stop right now, buy this book and read it.  You'll need the help with formatting, pricing and marketing.  Why upload directly to PubIt when Smashwords distributes there?  Read the book.  Difference between a static website and a blog in terms of reader engagement?  Read the book.<br /><br />If you're still on the fence about the advisability of self-publishing, buy this book and read it.  The arguments are unassailable.<br /><br />This book is often called the indie author's bible, and rightly so.
B005HSL626|2.0|its fun for a while. starts getting hard the farther u go.  great time waster fun tho. pay one J's obviously. better
0307454541|4.0|After falling for a clever hoax, financial journalist, Mikael Blomkvist is convicted of libel. Not only does he face a three month prison sentence, but his career in jeopardy as well.  Soon after, Henrik Vanger, an elderly, semi-retired executive of a prominent Swedish company hires him to investigate the disappearance of his great niece Harriet, who disappeared 36 years earlier at the age of 14.  Initially, Henrik asks him to write about the history of the Vanger family, but is clear that Blomkvist's real purpose will be to solve this decades-old case.  Henrik has been obsessed with having this case solved before he dies.  There has been no trace of her in all these years and it's assumed she is dead. However, every year on his birthday, he receives a mysterious gift of a pressed flower, like the ones his great-niece used to give him.<br /><br />As Blomkvist begins to dig into the Vanger history, he hires the smart, highly talented, Lisbeth Salander to help with the investigation. She looks like a punk-rocker, and she is both tough and brilliant, with a talent for computer hacking. She's also heavily-tattooed and antisocial.<br /><br />For me, this novel started off extremely slow first (150+ pages), and I couldn't understand what all the hype was about. The translation from Swedish wasn't always smooth either, and there are several subplots, but I was determined to finish it as we are planning to see the movie (today).  Once the story got off the ground,  it had me quickly turning the pages.  Each time one mystery seems solved, another one surfaces. The setting is Sweden, and the atmosphere always felt dark and cold -- perfect for this story. The character development, especially of the two main characters was fantastic.  Lisbeth was a fantastic character, even though she could be a downer at times. Blomkvist was the perfect compliment to her, in my opinion. I felt like I was inside their mind at times.<br /><br />Those who haven't read this one yet, should be aware that there are a couple of disturbing incidents of rape and other abuse against women. The story is definitely graphic at times.  If you aren't too disturbed as you read, by the end of this novel, I believe most readers will be anxious to read the (2) books which follow: The Girl Who Plays With Fire, and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.disturbing incidents of rape and other abuse against women. The story is definitely graphic at times.  If you aren't too disturbed as you read, by the end of this novel, I believe most readers will be anxious to read the (2) books which follow: The Girl Who Plays With Fire, and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|its pretty fun for a certain amount of time. then it gets boring and annoying . but still, u should get it
0765340798|4.0|As the Legends of Dune trilogy concludes, authors Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson tie up numerous plot threads and clarify the origins of many elements of Frank Herbert's Dune universe, such as humanity's revulsion of \\"thinking machines,\\" the Atreides/Harkonnen rivalry, the Fremen, the Spacing Guild, and the Bene Gesserit.    This is a very polarizing series.  The number of votes for each of Amazon's five star ratings is nearly equal, which I have seen very rarely.  I remain steadfast in my opinion that this is a cracking good space opera epic that is less serious thought and more delirious plot than the elder Herbert's version.  At this point, I think anyone reading this review already knows whether it has any chance of winning them over.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This game involves playing games that are kind of dumb to get coins 2 purchase more games. It does have a couple games that are fun to play, they just have to be purchased. With real or fake money.
B006BDHAX0|2.0|I was kinda excited to get this app, but it will not install on my Lenovo thinkpad tablet. I numerous times but it will not open. maybe when an update comes it will be worth getting.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I have enjoyed your music, but now I also enjoy your support for Ron Paul. Thanks for having the courage to stand for principles of liberty. We are all created equal. No need for dividing lines. I have enjoyed your two music videos for the song \\"I will Not Make the Same Mistake That You Did\\" and \\"Stronger\\". Happy to have your CD on the way!
B005NFJAZS|1.0|The quality of the Music Man was horrible.  The picture was very graining and did not look professionally made.  While the sound was still very clear I was very disappointed with my purchase, especially since I love the film the Music Man.  The packaging of the product was in good quality and it was delivered timely.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Solitaire, by MobilityWare, is a intellectually challengeling game that I enjoy very much. It is a great time passer, and is also FREE!!!!
B006FLGBGA|4.0|I loved this movie.  I didn't think the CGI was too much.  Probably the best I have ever seen James Franco act.  As for those who thought that the apes weren't \\"violent\\" enough, the whole point was that they had evolved past petty violence.  All in all a great movie and a good prequel for the previous franchise.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|As a graduate student and a teacher, I have found Evernote useful to organize ideas and research.  Though I have only been using it a week, I find myself constantly in the program, whether writing lesson plans or research.  I have found it particularly useful to organize course content, create course todo lists, and managing the volumes of notes.  I would love to see this in the hands of my students!  BTW I use this on my PC, Kindle Fire, and Andriod phone.  So far, I am not sure how I have lived my life without Evernote!  The only concern I have comes from personal discipline; how long will I keep using the product.
B0063IH60K|4.0|gotta love solitaire and it's great for the kindle fire. come out with some more free classic games like this please. especially if they are put together as good as this one. good job
B0063IH60K|5.0|A lot of fun.  Great to play at nite when u r having a hard time to go to sleep.
B005HSL626|4.0|very addictive and fun game. like the puss n boots version as well. runs great on the kindle fire. bug free.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I think this is a great challenge in a user friendly format.   The game is easy to load and play, and it has great graphics.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|runs great on the kindle fire. haven't had any problems with it. same great fun as always. love playing it on bigger screen. love that its free. it has lagged on me just a little.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I have a red cover so it's easy to find.  The Kindle Fire fits in the cover snug so there's no worry that it will fall out.  The ocver is sturdy and protects the Kindle.  I would highly recommend this cover.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|The Chess Free app is every bit worth the money!  I struggled with a win having set it a bit too high (just over half) I am enjoying it!
B000AMJC2K|5.0|This a good value and meets/exceeds the expected quality and serviceability. The need was to enable viewing of a computer monitor from several different positions/angles with steady, solid support. This grumpy guy is happy.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love this version it is addicting and fun to play over and over.  it is awesome on my new kindle fire.
0811875040|4.0|I wondered about a quote that a dessert chef wanted to be smothered in buttercream. Then I made the buttercream icing in this book.  Well, I could happily sit down and eat a bowl of buttercream.  It's that good.
0670022411|1.0|Seriously, A Discovery of Witches is Twilight, but the characters are in their thirties. While it looks, in the beginning, as if Diana, our \\"heroine\\", might have some personality and a strong and intellectual background, everything in her life is quickly abandoned to be the pet of the now stereotypical broody vampire, Matthew.   The next three quarters of the book are then filled with mainly Diana being coddled, sleeping, eating, and Matthew telling Diana to control her hormones. After three weeks of knowing each other, 1,500-year-old Matthew declares Diana to be the great love of his long life, even though it is forbidden by a centuries old covenant. He vows to fight off every witch, vampire, and daemon (book spelling) after her and teach her to control all her witchly powers, which happens to be every single power to exist.   And does the all-powerful Diana ever gain control of her powers and defend herself against the onslaught of those who want to kill her and her Vampire husband? Well, this is the part where even the author became bored and unsure, deciding that Diana and Matthew should find a good witch teacher in Elizabethan England and all their supportive friends and family should go on seperate trips. Nothing is ever solved.    The storyline is not cohesive, jumping around on the author's different whims, ending abrubtly leaving the reader wanting to hurl the book across the room. Extra characters are slipped to the story, adding more fluff, but no purpose to why they are there.
B006BDHAX0|3.0|Fun to play but keeps crashing and doesn't save your progress when it happens. It's closed itself unexpectedly on every level but the first.
B002PEP4SC|4.0|I really liked the fast pace action. Can't wait too read more. I do think ABC should follow the book in regards to the relationship between Beckett snd Castle. Hot!!!
1594744769|2.0|Searching for a book to read, I came across this one and thought it looked intriguing. The concept of the found pictures to set up the story was one I hadn't come across before and I thought the story sounded eerie. I thought the idea of these special children being held captive sounded fantastic.  Let's just say, that wasn't exactly the plot. The book started off promising and frightening. Then there was a big \\"Huh?\\" moment. Then another. There were also some plot points that seemed a bit unoriginal.   I also was bothered some inconsistency in editing. When reading a published book, I expect there to be no errors in spelling or word usage. This was not the case.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game! I would just love it if I could win a little more often, lol! Def a must down load.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is one of those amazing books that i could just not keep my hands off of!! The hunger games is a brilliant mix of anger love and sadness. there was hardly ever any happiness but that is part of what makes the book so great. the book may seem a little gross and gory to some people (like my mom) but thats just for part of the book. there seems to be a lot of death in the book so again if you are one of those people that likes happy stories i do not recomend this book for you. but if you are one of thoes people that dosent mind blood and death i recomed this book for you. if you are hesitating about getting this book dont because it is a great book!!!!
B002MGGM9I|5.0|Loved the movie everytime I watch it. Great characters.  Has a message if you're looking for one. It was not until my fourth viewing that the time line became clear to me and how the different elements of the film related to each other.
B0069UP2PI|4.0|\\"Someone doesn't have to weaponize the bird flu. The birds are doing that.\\" Beth (Paltrow) has just come back from her trip to Hong Kong with a little cough, two days later she is dead. Her husband Mitch (Damon) is in total shock and comes home to find his son dead too. The virus is starting to pop up all over the world and the world's governments are racing for a cure. I think that this is another movie that will depend on your expectations on how much you will like it. I wasn't looking forward to it at all and my girlfriend was totally excited about it. I really liked it more then I thought I was going to and she thought it wasn't as good as she hoped. Granted that can be said about any movie but there is so much that happens in this movie that talking about it at all will ruin the enjoyment. She said \\"Outbreak\\" was better (I haven't seen that), but to me this is a very good movie that is well worth checking out. Overall, I really liked it more then I thought I would. I give it a B+.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|My son got new turtle beach headphones for x-mas. Thats all he really asked for, for his old ones were breaking. he loves these headphones! he plays w all of his friends from Florida, we moved to Ohio over the summer and he stays connected to them through x-box. Now the problem is I can't get him off..........
0812979656|5.0|One of the best novels I have read in a very long time!  She handles social and political issues in India with gracefulness while telling a riveting story that will tear your heart in twain. The imagery is incredible and the symbolism everywhere.
B00656C6KK|4.0|It is a great CD. It is good to hear her sing . a good selection of songs. her son has a song on the CD
B00003CXE7|5.0|What I have noticed is that the grand scale of epics has diminished mostly in the past ten years. Seldom does a film successfully balance action, emotion, power, scenery into one cohesive story. Gladiator is that one blockbuster hit that is larger than life, yet scales back its grandness to let you experience Maximus' story, his rise and fall, personal tragedies, and triumphs. What Ridley Scott \\"gets\\" is that a film of this magnitude shouldn't just be gore, action, violence and the battles of benevolent and corrupt forces, with one side prevailing. There should also be pathos and emotion, glimpses into character perspective, and larger themes explored.   Gladiator exposes the nature of corruptness in those who hold high ranking positions, as Commodus' (Joaquin Phoenix) lust for power and popularity knows no bounds. There's a sense of mob mentality in the Roman crowd, with their allegiances for or against him changing on a whim. Knowing he can manipulate the masses with bloodshed and entertainment, Commodus is able to play this hand well. At the other spectrum, Gladiator also illustrates the importance of loyalty as a means of living an honorable life, echoed in Maximus' statement: \\"What we do in life, echoes in eternity.\\"  Maximus is sort of microcosm of the past ideals, with successful, powerful but just rulers in charge. Brought down to low status, Maximus attempts to survive in his new found role as Gladiator, while restoring some order in Rome.   There are many things about this production that are top notch: great casting and performances by its stars, a wonderful music score and scenery, epic gladiator battles, just a larger than life epic atmosphere.   If there was one slight annoyance, it was that Commodus was a bit too over the top in his villainy. It seemed like most characters were well-developed, but his just was a little too one dimensional.   Still, Gladiator is an awesome viewing experience, one of those films that draws you into its story. It's one of those films you can come back with repeated viewings. (This review is specifically for the Two-Disc Collector's Edition).
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app! It gives you instant access to multiple versions of God's Word which is great for studying and helps your understanding of what you are reading. Also the variety of reading plans enable anyone to follow a plan or plans that are personally tailored to your wants and needs or study habits! Recommend it for everyone!
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is a very clever app, deceptively simple in appearance yet requiring a certain focus. Still, oddly relaxing. Graphics are sophisticated, not showy. BUT I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE FACEBOOK SUCKEYFACE REQUIREMENT SO no longer think it nearly as slickly elegant as it seemed at first.
B0057R5XRG|5.0|...the Chaotician, the Paleontologist, and the Gamekeeper flee the Tyrannosaurus rex in a jeep, and everything looks amazing!  And it just keeps getting better.  The visual and sound quality of each movie in the series is a little bit better than the one before.  That worked out great for me because I think the third movie is the best, and the quality was superlative.  If you liked these movies, you'll love them on blu-ray.  And I got a deal through amazon where they ended up costing about ten bucks each (as a set).  Schweet!
0307887960|5.0|I have tried every diet out there.  This is a fairly restrictive diet and some creativity is required, however it is the most effective diet I have EVER done.  Lost 30 lbs over 3 months.
B0063IH60K|5.0|very nice app to pass the time with. I enjoy playing it when I'm bored. great that its free as well
B002MQYOFW|4.0|This book was very good and kept my attention almost all the way through.  It was a bit young for my taste (I'm 24)... it seemed like it was written for a middle school or early high school audience, but I would still recommend if you need something good to read! :)
B001DPC4SM|4.0|\\"Purple Rain' is a fine album by Prince. The soundtrack is better the the movie. \\"Let's go crazy\\" and \\"purple rain\\" are my favorite songs. One of Prince's best albums.
B0066W1AZK|2.0|this game is good for two ppl every time I'm about to beat the computer it says draw by stalemate when it should be cheakmate it got anoying
B006O5XYWG|5.0|I wasn't sure I wanted to watch this movie, but after reading the reviews here I decided to go ahead and rent it.  I am glad I did, because I loved it.  Very well written and the apes were realistic (except for the human emotions they displayed), but that is what helped to make this movie so good.  A must see!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|easy to play and has great games and a lot of then and its free its also blab blab blah
1592536913|4.0|Gives a big selection of the Steampunk world. Learned what goes into making an item Steampunk. Good for inspiration for creating your own Steampunk statement. Reads much like a sales catalog.  Would have liked more discussion of the Steampunk world.  Recommend for the curious and those looking for Steampunk gear and fashion.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is amazing. Fun for all ages and teaches physics. Cute artwork plus tons of levels make it a great app. Definitely would recommend buying!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Good app. Enjoyed the many translations available and daily plans. Now the but - some or the interface is non-logical and it takes some doing to get the app to do what I want.  Still, I would highly recommend.
0545265355|5.0|Never would I have thought that the Harry Potter series could be beaten. I finally found something better: The Hunger Games. Each book provided the suspense that would keep you glued to the book until you were done. I finished Mockingjay at 2:30 a.m. and, although I was very tired, I stayed up a while just thinking about the books.   1. Hunger Games- A++. The best of the three.  2. Catching Fire- A+. The second best. The second half of this book picks up the same suspense of the first one.  3. Mockingjay- A. My least favorite of the three, but still amazing. Very sad though.
B0063GORYU|4.0|Very fun. The only drawback is that the cards only have the number and one symbol for the suit in the middle of the card making it slightly hard to tell cards with different numbers apart. Especially if you are used to classical card looks.
B002GYVRRI|5.0|Sadly Bob pulled the plug on this fabled band and essentially progressive  rock as a hole in 1974. But did it ever go out like a gangbusters)
B003ES5ZPK|1.0|I had planned to use this adapter for a two-way splitter for a PS3 and an XBOX 360.  I immediately noticed video elements throughout the screen when playing through the XBOX 360.  Once I removed the adapter and finagled the splitter direct there were no noticeable issues.  I applaud Amazon for offering a less expensive alternative but know that it may not work for every situation.
B004EPZ06Q|5.0|I'm not sure what all the negative reviews are about.  I saw the first one and I would have given that one an average rating.  This movie was much better/funnier than the first movie in part because I know the background of the characters having watched the first movie.  I was expecting another average comedy but it was surprisingly funnier than the first one.  I haven't laugh that hard watching a movie in a long time.  Especially near the end of the movie.  I would definitely watch this movie again and recommend this movie to friends for a good laugh.  I think if you have seen the first movie you might enjoy this one more since you already know the characters.
B00403CLKK|5.0|If you are a Katherine Jenkins fan, then you will want this DVD.  Simply stunning.  I have had friends that would never listen to classical music, see and hear this playing on my TV and beg to borrow it.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|In my 64 years, I've never been a country music fan until Scotty McCreery came along.  His debut album, \\"Clear As Day\\", has converted me to loving and enjoying country music.  His voice is soothing and therapeutic, puts a smile on my face. I will buy any music that Scotty puts out now and in the future.  He's the real deal! Congratulations to Scotty on all his success.
0439813786|5.0|Selznick's picture-chapter book is an enchanting story about an orphaned boy Hugo that secretly works the clocks of a train station while trying to repair a mechanical man his father left him, hoping for a clue or message from his father. Instead, Hugo begins to unravel the mystery of a great magician, dreamer, artist, and silent film director Georges Melies. Beautiful book whose medium of a combination of word and pictures perfectly captures its magical spirit and clever subject matter of the realms of the imagination and the mechanical mind. Clever, imaginative, engaging, mysterious, beautiful book that is the literary equivalent of a silent film. Utterly charming and refreshing. Grade: A
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|This game is addicting!!! I feel as if the pigs are taunting me when I do not complete the level.
B005UDD1R6|4.0|This app is very good. It plays music and I can see my pictures. It has a problems with video but it is ok. Oh, by the way, I have a Kindle fire.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Lots of history here if you look at it. Lots of love and kind hearted people and of course be best you can be, funny and witty. I hear I need to read the book, good movie, but the bookis much better.
B005NJFSZK|5.0|It is a very nice and durable toy. This one is special between all the Cars toys and my kid loved it!
B004LWZW42|5.0|Great movie, lots of history and understanding how the X-men came to be and that also goes for the bad side if you want to call it that. Movie for all X-men complete circle. Good, very good.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for our granddaughter and she was thrilled to have all the movies in one package!  We scored huge grandparent points this year!!!
B004EPZ08O|4.0|Okay movie, surprised me at the end. Full circle for this movie too. The best is 1 and 2. I am glad I have them all, there is talk of 6, I really do not think so, but one never knows.
B0063GORYU|5.0|good games. as good as windows version and portable too.  grey waste of time!!!! like my kindle too.  I do not have smartphone.  play on kindle fire.  Mindanao cool device too
B004EPYZXU|2.0|Do you find yourself watching \\"The Blair Witch Project\\" over and over again, saying to yourself \\"man, I just can't get enough of this faux reality style of film making?  But, why can't someone make a fake reality show in outer space?\\".  Well, your wait is over!  Apollo 18 has the all the acting talent and cinematic excellence of my uncle's home vacation videos coupled with the special effects grandeur of cable access TV.
B0052VUNHC|4.0|The connection between Travis and Abby was definitely there from the beginning. The book kept me entertained and I had a hard time putting it down, but it was obvious that the two were going to end up together. I mean, I didn't expect them to get hitched and get tatted up, but I knew they were a match made in heaven. Praise for Jamie.
1410430103|1.0|What a total load of crap this book was. Here's the two biggest scams in publishing: 1 you don't have enough story to write a 400 page book so you fill pages with descriptions of things that really don't need describing (I loved what another reviewer wrote about using 3 paragraphs to describe a park bench!! LOL! 2 Use two page chapters like Patterson so there are lots of blank pages to fill the book out with. Every other one star review for this book was spot on. Author knows nothing about the military, choppy sentences, thin characters, over the top violence, ridiculous story, and setting a record for the use of the word \\"shrugged\\" Can't believe this guys name is above the title of the book. Don't understand how any literary minded person could like this book or recommend it. Guess I just have to \\"shrug\\" and chalk it up to to each his own.
B000Z8GZYW|5.0|This is one the favorite films of Dzogchen Ponlop Rinpoche, my teacher.  It is the story of the making of a Bodhisattva, a selfless loving being, from a selfish jerk.   I never knew Bill Murray could act.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Great purchase at reasonable price, we don't purchse videos but were attracted by this feature film. The purchase was very satisfying.
067101756X|3.0|I expected a much newer version.  Instead, it was a yellowed paperback that was not inviting to read.  I would have returned it, but didn't think it was worth it.
B0053FANRC|5.0|Bought as a gift. I wss looking for a box set with all 5 of the movies, but I think I came out cheaper buying them separate. The movie was still in the original packaging. No scratches or problems. Delivered on time. Great buy!
B0063IH60K|5.0|love this game! keeps me entertained and active. for sure would recommend to friends and family. is not a waste of time.
B0000CABBW|5.0|My wife had been talking about this movie for years. Well I surprised her with it for our wedding anniversary. We sat there together & I cried like a damn baby for almost the entire movie. It's a tear-jerker for sure.
B006FLGBGA|5.0|i found it very thrilling, and captivating. it was exciting all the way through. very good graphics, great story line, great actors, great plot. great movie hands down....
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have been playing this for a week and  haven't  encountered any problems. Great app for the price :-) I recommend this.
B005RUUUAI|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered online movies adn they were great!!! Me adn my wife got caught up on the WD and it was well worth the small ampunt of money we paid...
B0066W1AZK|1.0|First off, let me tell some bugs. -Cannot move pieces if that piece will be taken next turn. -At times, when it says &quot;Check!&quot;, you cannot move any pieces to block or attack the opponent, showing it should say &quot;Checkmate! Computer wins!&quot;. -At times, when able to attack opponent, you are unable to move your piece. I have yet to try two-player, but when you are against the computer, it is very buggy and quite annoying.
B005YVSIZ4|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered online movies adn they were great!!! Me adn my wife got caught up on the WD and it was well worth the small ampunt of money we paid...
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love this game it is very addicting. u will never want to.put your device down. highly recommend. people playing this game
B001AR4K8K|5.0|Great movie for the long time fans!!! Ordered  this for the wife due to being fans of the original. Great movie, packaging, and shipping!!!
B005LFQRTC|5.0|I enjoyed watching every episode of season one.  I think they did three movies before it was a weekly series.  Two of which I do not remember seeing.  Season one is worth watching.
B0061IMJBI|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered online movies adn they were great!!! Me adn my wife got caught up on the WD and it was well worth the small ampunt of money we paid...
B0063IH60K|4.0|this app works very nicely on the fire. fun game, easy to play but still challenging. good app for any age/skill level
B005WGBQ9G|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered online movies adn they were great!!! Me adn my wife got caught up on the WD and it was well worth the small ampunt of money we paid...
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|\\"Put your money where your heart is.\\"  Thank you Kelly for your support of Ron Paul!  Keep standing strong - can't wait to get the CD! :)
B005RUV714|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered online movies adn they were great!!! Me adn my wife got caught up on the WD and it was well worth the small ampunt of money we paid...
B000W91RUG|5.0|Even though it warned that I may not get my product for a while, I was emailed a few days later and got my packages WAY faster than predicted. Arrived in fairly secure packaging and is in great condition. Will definitely buy here again
B006470HZ6|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered online movies adn they were great!!! Me adn my wife got caught up on the WD and it was well worth the small ampunt of money we paid...
0143038419|5.0|I listened to the audio version of Eat, Pray, Love and was completely inspired. Through the author's journey, this book prompts readers to embark on their own self-discovery quest (even if only from the comfort of their own home). I thoroughly enjoyed the read and will add it to my \\"yearly listen\\" audio collection.
B0067H9W72|5.0|This is the first time I have ordered online movies adn they were great!!! Me adn my wife got caught up on the WD and it was well worth the small ampunt of money we paid...
B0035G04TI|5.0|This quick read offered valuable insight to how we each express and receive love. For me, it made sense and I can see how Love Languages can be applied not only to marriage, but other relationships as well. I enjoyed this read and even after two or so years, I find myself still pulling forward information from the book to help me understand others who communicate in a different Love Language than my preference.  I've found the wisdom helpful with understanding family, friends, and even coworkers, and have also learned how to embrace other Love Language styles.  If you have an interest in behavioral science, want to become a better communicator, or are curious about the messages we send/receive, then give this short read a try.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is insanely outrageous its got a lot of different options to choose from that are challenging and very easy I love it.
1419347004|4.0|As a reformed shopaholic, I absolutely adored this book. I found Becky completely easy to relate to and was remiss to admit there were times I actually justified my shopping in much the same way as she. Although quite different than the movie, which I really enjoy, this book definitely lived up to my expectations.
B0000VCZKW|1.0|Did not know where else to turn.  I have not recieved this item.  I waited a few extra days and still nothing!!!!!
0385534639|5.0|What a beautifully weaved story and unique plot which pulled me in from the cover flap and kept me speed reading to the end. I simply loved this book and know it will be a regular revisit for me. In fact, I've already purchased the audio (in addition to the hard cover I read) and am enjoying it for a second time with Jim Dale's beautiful narration.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I bought this collection for my son for Christmas.  He loved it!  We have already watched all eight movies and we experienced no problems or defects with any of the discs.  I was pleased with the timely manner I received the order and the price was great as well - $39.99 for all 8 discs.
B000JQU4TW|4.0|This haunting tale is fraught with discussion points ranging from the \\"curse\\" of beauty to the state of our souls to the consequences of our decisions and actions. Is beauty only skin deep and what happens to the outside of someone who has become hideous inside?<br /><br />With beautiful turns of phrase and provoking insights which will invade your thoughts long after you put the book down, this is a class worth your time.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|Very good movie I loved how it played out all the way to the end and gave us the final story after the story, that was very important to me.
0312323867|2.0|I only survived the first half of this book thanks to others who posted reviews encouraging me to do so.  While I greatly enjoyed Something Borrowed, Something Blue left me wanting more of Rachel, less of Darcy, and a more surprising plot.  I'll skip the rest of this series in favor of other, more original reads sans characters who annoy me to pieces.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|Great mello mix of music, I listen to the CD on my way to work in the morning.  Delivery was quick and the CD came in good shape.
0143119680|5.0|I LOVED this book. It was filled with fantasy, mystery, romance, humor. It was perfect! A grown up's Harry Potter meets Twilight meets Charmed.  Bring on book two!
B0055SWM08|5.0|great game! Its actually kind of relaxing.  it takes some thinking but it has nice background music if you so choose to have it on.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|ok. its unanimous. as is, the game sux.  I am finding the same problems as everyone else. hopefully they'll fix it because its a fun game.
0307719774|3.0|I expected a small book because other reviewers mentioned it, but boy oh boy is this book TINY.  To give you an idea, my 5 foot tall neice can put her hand in a fist and literally cover half the book cover with it.  I cannot imagine a grown man's hand being able to comfortably write in this journal.  I also thought the reviews mentioning there was no ribbon in it were being a bit petty, but actually the size of this book makes it quite difficult to keep your place in the page because it won't stay open and it's too small to easily keep it open with your palms like you could with a regular sized notebook.  It's and attractive book and the questions are great, but it's too small.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like all the different games and challenges that you have to do in order to move on to other levels
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Not too bad...a decent consolidation and retelling of a classic tale of downfall and redemption, Jedi style.  Other than, of course...<br /><br />&lt;SPOILER ALERT><br /><br />In that final moment of conflict for Darth Vader, having to choose between his teacher and his son, his silent suffering and the internal battle he wages while making that choice was far more gut-wrenching and harrowing when he was silent.  Hearing him now cry out and make his choice so early in that critical moment robs an enormous amount of energy from that scene, and really was a poor choice of re-editing.  I turn the sound down at that point now.<br /><br />Still worth the purchase price, though, and a 4-star rating.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like this solitaire app. I've killed a lot of time playing solitaire on my devices and rate this one among the best. I didn't give a five because of the ads. I'll pay a dollar to get rid of them.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Great app, but the ads are quite annoying.  Would have given 5 stars if not for the ads.  Lot of fun, though.
B005HSL626|3.0|Fun game with cool unlockables, but it freezes quite often on my kindle fire and the ads really do constantly get in the way and are very obnoxious.
B004SUWR2C|5.0|the game is really good I love the game a lot. I think it is a good game to play
B0029LHW68|5.0|I bought this 30 seconds to mars album for my wife because she loves Jordan Catalono(what woman in her 30s does't?)  She has been listening to the album at work for days.  I could not be happier with me purchase.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a blast! I am completely addicted to this game! all I do is sit around and play it! I LOVE IT!!
B004QOB8SO|5.0|These will begin to air on the BBC Starting January 1, 2012.  The previews are already available, Icanhazcheezburger has a them on the science fiction site.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|lots of small games. great for road trips or to keep you busy for a few minutes while waiting for a bus.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I've played this game on other platforms and easily won. For some reason on my Kindle Fire, I lose more than I win, and that's on easy mode!
B005N95JA4|5.0|A Re-issue, I would call this a freshen up with added songs. I have seen the Stones over 60 times in different shows on every New York area tour live since 1965 and the only band the might have come to a photo finish were \\"The Who\\"  Back in the 80's the mix of every band was different, you can tell what songs were mixed live or studio back in that era.  What they did was complete a few new songs and to remix the old ones and to make a long story short, what we have here is a new sounding CD. The Stones were so good enough to add almost an albums worth of unheard (for most of you out there) songs on top of \\"Some Girls\\".  Whipped cream with fudge and sprinkles on top of your favorite ice cream, to sum it up.  I tip my hat to \\"The Glimmer Twins\\"
B004RJMUJO|4.0|This game is very fun and very addictive. Works great on the kindle fire. I wish there was more game options and more stuff to unlock but other than that it is definitely worth buying.
0393327345|5.0|If all stories were this good, reading would be the only leisure activity people would participate in. Undoubtedly one of the best collection of characters, plot, suspense, drama, and wit to come along in recent memory.
B006GKHE6G|4.0|I feel like its hard to find a good racing game. This game was a great find. The graphics are amazing and the courses are great. However, on the kindle fire, its a little hard to steer. I really have to tilt the tablet for sharp turns and sometimes not so sharp turns.
B00163XX0O|5.0|\\"A Clockwork Orange\\" together with \\"1984\\" and \\"Animal Farm\\", three classics of the post-modern era which should be required reading by every student prior to graduation.<br /><br />We should now know what to anticipate from the 'droogs' and they will know what to expect in return. Ludwig Von.
B0058VW36U|4.0|Its a good game. I wasnt sure if I was going to like it, but now I cant stop playing it! There are so many levels so the game doesn't get boring.
B000024D4R|5.0|A grossly under rated Pink Floyd album.  One of their best with interconnected songs!  A 'must have\\" for any Pink Floyd fan.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|this was a terrible app it was way to hard and a waste. of time downloading it you schould not bother getting it if you are not seriously skilled at it I absoloutly HATED. this app it was a waste of time don't bother its not worth it bad free app of the day
B00000JBFW|4.0|Fantastic!  A great \\"come back\\" release from a great vintage rock group.  In my opinion, the best \\"come back\\" to date.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game is fun and so tremendous awesome gghhh buggy g ggfhyt hggjg gghghj bcchbv hfthfg ggfgh ggffgh gvvvh gghg ggfty gyhgff
B006BDHAX0|1.0|crashes mid game!  Im surprised that this was chosen as the app of the day!  glad it was free...  deleted!
B004HYGF18|4.0|It's as slight as the breeze and pulls its cards from a deck of \\"End of the Century\\"-era Ramones and Oasis and plays them like Jesus and Mary Chain jamming with Stone Roses, but, polarizing as they apparently are - and they could be all-out frauds for all I know - dammit, at least half the thing is pure ear candy. They look clean-cut, sing out the anthems clearly, see time when they look over their shoulder and almost seem engaged. The Vaccines appear to reach for the lowest hanging fruit in a bid for stardom, but I can say that the disc got in my hands as an impulse buy as I was leaving the Sound Garden (Balt.) and it hasn't left the car deck since. The lone review I had read prior said they had smashed up against the rocks of the shores in the good ole US of A, and we have a way with crushing dreams of British bands, but if the well-worn paths of the stars mentioned above have an attraction for you, this permutation of those sterling examples might go down easy. I wouldn't dare go for four stars and be played for the fool, but the three are rock solid and at this late date in the sunset years of rock n' roll, I'm happy to find myself enjoying a singalong.
B006NXIO0Q|3.0|Agree with some of the other reviews out there. Not a bad movie and Zoe Saldana acquits herself relatively well. the storyline is pretty linear with no real surprises.
B00634GHJA|4.0|This is a really good, user-friendly app for transferring photos back & forth between the Kindle and a computer.  The only draw-back is that every time you use it, you have to bring the Kindle to the computer and type in a different webpage address, as it changes with each use.  It kinda defeats the purpose of being wifi.
B002LBKDYE|5.0|Loce The Wizard's review back in 5/21/09 was profound, so thank you for that thorough review. Because of the reviews here, I purchased this fantastic documentary back on 9/5/10 for $22 & Amazon.com was gracious enough to also throw in there a free digital copy of the document for me to instantly stream while I was waiting for the Blu-Ray to arrive. As mentioned before by others, this documentary about the food industry is a raw-and-in-your-face fearless revelation about the inner-workings of the food industry & how the \\"garbage-in-garbage-out\\" adage is most true. This documentary not only gave me second thoughts about how the animals are treated but, even more so, how WE are poisoned (in the literal sense....just watch the part of the young boy that died)& condemned to avoidable & preventable illnesses due to how the food industry \\"feeds the nation.\\" Others have successfully ranted about how horrendous this is, so I'll just say that this documentary effectively sheds light on all fronts of the food industry, products we purchase at the grocery store, down to fast food & chicken nuggets.<br /><br />You will turn a new leaf after watching this, & then eat that leaf in place of meat. If not, you're not from this earth.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Yes, the stand is a little bit flimsy, but the way it fits the Kindle like a glove makes it my favorite.  I also love the non-slip finish and it's extra durable without being heavy.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|I've read some positives & very few negatives of this boxset. I can tell you that I am in the upper majority that love this boxset. I read that a few people felt their discs weren't as secured in the cardboard sleeves, but I can tell you that wasn't the case for me. Don't know why, though. My discs were very, very secured and don't move around at all.<br /><br />I'm a big movie buff but even more so a \\"Special Features\\" fanatic, so this boxset delivers all that I could dream of in the world of Avatar. I see some people wonder why did this boxset have to have all 3 versions that have been released to date when they could've just only distributed the extended version and that's it. Though I agree, but go over to the Star Wars Complete Saga section and say those same words and then see what happens to you - haha. Those folks over there are passionate about the untouched classic of Star Wars and maybe some purists would tend to lean on the same mindset for Avatar (wanting to opt to see the original version just for the fun of it). Purists love to have the option of an original version simply for being loyal to it. We know there aren't any additional extra scenes in that movie. The only time extra scenes special versions aren't acceptable is if that newer version not only \\"adds\\" new content but also \\"changes\\" original content **cough--Star Wars...cough**.<br /><br />I paid out of pocket to see this movie 5 times in the theaters and, in some cases, even paid for others to join me. So, by far and large, I have no issues with multiple versions in this boxset so as long as I have the original as well simply because I'm a fan. \\"The More, The Merrier\\", right? Now if you like Special Features, this is right up there with the Lord of the Rings Extended special features in breadth, scope & depth of information.<br /><br />Buy this boxset.<br /><br />And for those complaining about \\"why did they have to include the DVD original disc in here when I already bought that version the first time around\\"......do your homework. It was public information BEFORE the first version blu-ray was released that there would be subsequent, more feature-filled releases. So it was optional to purchase the feature-less DVD/Blu-ray or you could've just waited, like I did, and forgo all pointless versions until this Extended Collector's Edition was released. So I only own one copy of Avatar on Blu-ray and that's this copy. Patience is a virture, my friends.<br /><br />Great product and great fanbase.<br /><br />Now...on to Indiana Jones Super-Duper Ultimate-Limited-Collector's Edition packaged with all the Uncharted PS3 games...ork. It was public information BEFORE the first version blu-ray was released that there would be subsequent, more feature-filled releases. So it was optional to purchase the feature-less DVD/Blu-ray or you could've just waited, like I did, and forgo all pointless versions until this Extended Collector's Edition was released. So I only own one copy of Avatar on Blu-ray and that's this copy. Patience is a virture, my friends.   Great product and great fanbase.   Now...on to Indiana Jones Super-Duper Ultimate-Limited-Collector's Edition packaged with all the Uncharted PS3 games...
1401922732|5.0|I have a couple card sets. I thought my 'Ask Your Angels' card set couldn't be beat but will have to say that the Archangel Michael cards leave them in the dust. I start most every day seeing what advice A. Michael has for me. I can feel the love radiating from these cards and heartfelt messages.  I liked them so much I gave them as a gift to a friend. At a recent Xmas gathering she was beseiged by family wanting to see what messages A.Michael had for them. : )
B005D4Y4H8|5.0|This wonderful dvd set allows you to get to know Glenn Gould as performer, writer, thinker, actor, conductor and composer.  Absolute heaven for Gould fanatics like myself.  I really like the Humphrey Burton interviews.  I find Gould to be especially engaging, and the talks greatly enhance my understanding of the music that is to follow.  A must-have item for Gould fans.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|This DVD is amazing, Adele is very entertaining. Her voice is just as good live as it is on CD. Would love to see her Live.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|I bought this movie for my children and husband for Christmas. We love this movie! The characters are different than your typical cartoon. This is a storyline we hadn't seen before.
B005W3G2D4|5.0|I'm a new Kelly Clarkson fan.  I just bought her album 'Strong' and I'm really enjoying it.   Ron Paul 2012!
B00526ZKYS|5.0|What can I say about Delirium? WOW, that's what! It was extremely well written and kept me captivated until the end. I look forward to reading the next book. I can't wait to find out what happens next!
B0055SWM08|5.0|It's not Angry Birds, but it makes you think more and is still fun. Who knew using a bubble to collect pearls would be fun.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|evernote was the solution to issues id had for years  syncing documents and notes among various devices. love sharing notebooks with my girlfriend
B001HBYH9Q|5.0|very nice movie for a chillout.  Great acting and great actors in this movie. A nice story of how richt and famous meets average Joe.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|easy to use but challenging and fun I would recommend this game. I love playing it on my kindle fire!
B005UKJX4E|5.0|Disclaimer: let me tell you from the outset that this film is impossible to fully describe in words.  What I'm going to attempt here is to explain my perception of what its underlying themes are.  It might mean something different to another person than it did to me, so if you're the sort of individual who cannot tolerate ambiguity, then I suggest you pass it and this review up.  Having said that...  Sometimes the best way to understand something is to contemplate its exact opposite, which is the meaning behind this review's title.  Fans of the 90s show \\"Seinfeld\\" probably remember that it has been summed up as as a show about nothing.  And that's a perfect summation of it.  There was no character development, no exploration of great themes, no overarching story.  It obeyed a rule set down by its creators, that it would have \\"no huggin', no learnin'.\\"  It really was about nothing.  This film, on the other hand, is about everything.  By that I mean that it touches on the dreams, hopes, fears, passions, emotions and thoughts that underlie everything we do and say.  Why do we cheer a football team?  Because we want them to achieve greatness.  Why do we want them to achieve greatness?  So we can feel pride and exhilaration.  Why will their victory make us feel proud and exhilarated? Because by encouraging and supporting them we share a tiny piece of that victory.  Why do we want to share in their victory?  Because such an achievement is a validation of our worth.  Why do we want to have worth?  Because we want to want to be loved, respected, and cherished, and only things of worth are loved, respected and cherished.    Why do we want to be loved, respected and cherished?  Because those things make us feel like part of a greater whole.  Why do we want to feel like we are part of a greater whole?  Because at some deep, fundamental level we ARE part of something greater than our selves, but our individual journeys through life cloud this truth from our minds.  Thus we spend our lives trying to realize this union that we are all a part of but cannot see.  Trace your own actions, desires, thoughts and goals, both good and bad, back to their roots, and you will find that they all end up at this same point. For example, why do criminals rob banks?  Because they want money.  Why do they want money?  So they can buy nice cars, jewelry and the company of beautiful women.  Why do they want nice cars, jewelry and the company of beautiful women?  So they can feel like they have worth...and we're back to where we were earlier: the desire to be part of a greater whole.    We all want to get to that place.  The question is what path we will take to reach our goal: the way of nature or the way of grace.  That is the choice presented to the characters in this film: which path to take.  In the end they find their ways to the thing they seek above all, union with everything.  This film chronicles that journey, and expands outward to show that their story is also the story of the entire universe.  Old souls pass through death and merge into everything.  New souls are born and begin the same journey.  The process goes on and on, forever.  And, in my opinion, that is what this wonderful film is about.
B0055SWM08|4.0|decent little challenge that passes the time. much better than most of the apps out there for only a buck. it's a little easy but has replay value and is great for passing the time during a coffee or lunch break. my only complaint is the lack of a music collection. the 2 or 3 songs are good but i find myself always switching Pandora on.  other than that, a solid 4 star rating from me. worth the buck.
B000NJXC4E|5.0|I have a ton of records from all sorts of genres and can't believe I am just NOW catching wind of the Black Keys.  I came across this album and was blown away.  Being a fan of just about anything Fat Possum can put out, the Black Keys did an awesome job covering Junior Kimbrough song.  I not even a fan of covered songs, but this is great.  With putting their own style into the song, each and every song is a great compliment to the original without ruining or changing it.  Since this record, I've picked up several Black Keys records and they are all great.  However, this is still the best albums they have.  My only complaint is that they should have covered ALL of Junior Kimbrough's songs and made it a 5 record set...Now I'm dreaming!    A must have.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun but hard. some levels r easy nd some r nearly.impossable. I like parts but not all. levels cost to much tho
B002MQYOFW|5.0|VERY amazingly written book!!!!!!! If Harry Potter is a 10/10 then the Hunger Games Series is a 9/10. Very action packed and interesting plot. Would defenetly recomond it :))))
030746363X|1.0|The cissus quadrangularis supplement touted in this book does not work based on my experience using the guidelines outlined in this book.
1843106698|4.0|A little more technical than I exspected, but still understanderable and very comprehensive.  Good for those with asperges and their family and friends and coworkers.
1600597963|5.0|This is a well written, well organized book with great examples of beaded embroidery. It is also a beautiful book that I place on my coffee table to look at frequently.  Each of the projects give the page number to find any particular stich, a great way to help those of us that need to refer back to the instructions. The step by step approach makes me feel like YES, I can do this.  I now have to decide which one to start with.
B00540G3G6|5.0|Ever since this movie was released, I've been a fan [not a young fan , at that] and would always watch it when it was on cable tv. Long story short, my wife and I purchased a 3-D DVD player and Nightmare was our first 3-D movie. All I can say is the 3-D conversion is excellent! The depth of visuals resulting from this 3-D enhancement are extremely impressive! I could continue to rave about this movie, but instead will just say this: If you have a 3-D Blu-ray DVD player, you owe it to yourself to buy this movie. Excellent 3-D conversion and the wait to receive the dvd was short. Amazon was stocked and we received the movie quickly. Great Service!
B003VS0CWO|5.0|Watching Rocky Horror in the 35th Anniversary Blu-ray Edition was outstanding! All the richness one comes to expect from blu-ray is there from a movie made in 1975. Great re-mastering job: my wife and I picked up so many nuances from background action we hadn't noticed before that it made this dvd well worth the price of admission. Actually made me feel like I was watching the movie for the first time. Long live digital remasters and The Rocky Horror Picture Show!
B0064TVQ5E|1.0|This app needs a lot of work.  It crashes often.  It even generated a game layout that player has no chance of winning where there was one tile on top of a pyramid and all 3 of its matching tiles are on a level of the pyramid beneath it.  Those 3 tiles are pinned and cannot be selected and thus the top tile cannot be removed.  Thus the game is immediately lost.  Why bother playing when there is no chance of winning?
B004ECDNJU|5.0|Easy game to play.  fairly laid back and relaxing.  The concept is simple but the combinations can get pretty tricky.
B001OBT3FC|5.0|Anne Sofie Mutter and Seiji Ozawa are perfect for honoring von Karajan with Berlin Philhamoniker. High engergy performance with excellent audio and video.
0439023513|1.0|Unfortunately, this trilogy got worse as it went on.  I really liked the first book, and thought the second one was ok (though a bit redundant).  The third was really bad, with disjointed writing and plot lines.  It really felt that the book was done under a deadline, trying to get to the necessary number of pages with little time to edit the last third of the book. There were several cases where I couldn't even follow the plot, having to re-read just to tell what happened.  Very little foreshadowing.  Key characters dying or disappearing from the plot almost in passing.  Plus, the end was altogether unsatisfying.  Not much uplifting about this last book.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I just wish I could play &quot;Aunt Mary&quot; solitaire. Although I do like this game I wish I could pick other games using this app
1594200823|3.0|The first half of the book was informative and shed new light on our food system. I enjoyed the perceptive from the farmer in Iowa, the information from following a cow through the factory farms, and the grass farmer in Virginia. Once the book starting going into hunting and gathering it became more of a non-informative story. Then the last chapter with the meal was way to drawn out.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|this is probably the best game in the entire world (way better than top girl because that caused my first kindle to die completely and now I have a new one thank God for warrenty). But it sometimes has trouble starting (angry birds that is) but if I force a close once it is fin for a month.
0525423656|3.0|The last book was all build up and this book was mostly drawn out. But I did find that the book flowed well and was interesting through out. It was good enough for me to want to read the next book. I would have enjoyed some more information about how this world in the book differed more with ours than the building love affair, but it is a young adult book.
B004ECDNJU|4.0|Neat little logic/reflex game.  Simple but clever premise.  Not bad for a free game.  I like the ability to change speed, but it should affect the high score rankings.
0385738765|2.0|This book was not close to as good as the first book. The story was not as interesting. You were not drawn to find out what was going to happen next. The story or the writing did not flow well. It had just a lot of random things happening to the group. One just did not care what was happening, because it did not make much since.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I heard about this game and decided to download it. I am addicted! Now I have a poster,2 t-shirts,and 5 stuffed animals! GET THIS APP! You won't be sorry!:P
0385737955|4.0|From the beginning of the book to the end you are wondering what is going on. I enjoyed how the book was laid out and how easy the it flowed. I would recommend the book.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I LOVE this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's SUPER fun and SUPER ADDICTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The pigs look HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!There are so many seasons!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I LOVE how the levels look!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I have no clue what people are saying about it closing!!!!!!!!GET THIS APP!!!!!!!!!!!!
0553805371|4.0|This book did a good job of providing a summery of current physics thought. I enjoyed how the book would approach each topic with how people explained the topic before. At first I did not like the addition of God into the book. But the way that God was added seemed relevant. Where the book would explain that because a phenomenon could not be explain by reasonable means people was have to default to higher power. At first I thought is was going to be a Richard Dawkins kind of book. Where they fight against Religion, but that was not the case. This book blended God into science fact as causes of some of the phenomenons that we see in the universe. Then is slowly pulled God out of science by giving reasonable facts about why those phenomenons exist.
B004ECDNJU|5.0|for .99 its a decent 3-4 star game. giving it 5 stars to balance the rating. the number of levels have to be increased for it to be a fully worthy 5 stars for 99 cents.
B0026ICAOS|5.0|Contains good quality picture and sound. I like a classic and has its moments of suspense and terror, my personal rating of 1 to 10 in this genre of film is 9
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I love this cover - it fits perfectly on the Kindle Fire, holds the Fire very securely, and is beautiful! And, after folding the cover back a few times while reading, it completely closes as it should. I can't find a thing wrong with it! The pocket on the inside front cover is perfect for putting your hand in to hold the Fire when reading. Do not hesitate to buy - great product!
B00577WFZE|5.0|If you love great guitar playing, innovative and exciting music, and unique writing, Rory Gallagher is your man.  This CD is a great buy for someone on a budget that wants to get as many great tunes in one purchase as possible.  The recordings are of good quality.
B004ECDNJU|5.0|This is a fun little logic game. Good time waster. It hasn't gotten old yet, either. Definitely worth the download.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|I wish icoulx.not give it a star rightnow I have it on my ipod but no I cNt download it. its saying I have no credit but its a free app
B004T4LUPW|1.0|I just got this app and started to add events. I've added 3 so far and after I hit save on each one, I get kicked out of the app. so I've already added 3 entries but app kicked me out 3 times!  So after having this a few days - and even more emails with tech support for calengoo - still not working. Now I'm supposed to download another app! I have stopped putting in events because I keep keeping a 'force shutdown' message. My opinion - total waste of the $5.99 I paid - yes, I paid $5.99 because of all the GOOD reviews. Might as well stick to my paper calendar!  VERY UPSET
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|runs great on my kindle fire with no lag or delays. there's also many hours play especially if you try to hey 3 stars on everyone
B000V5UDKQ|4.0|Thank you Majel! I Love Lwaxana Troi episodes.  Her character has always brought much comedy and continuity to the Star Trek (next gen) universe.  This is the first of 3 awesome appearances by the Betazoid Ambassador aboard Deep Space Nine.  We get solid action, good story, and plenty of comedy.  There's also a good mystery.  Watch this episode if you like Star Trek.  4.2/5 Stars.  Keep On Trekkin'!
B004ECDNJU|2.0|I decided to check out this FAOTD because it was a reasonable file size and this type of game normally appeals to me. However, after playing it for only a fee minutes I decided to uninstall. I found that no matter how fast you are at changing the directional arrows, the game isn't fast enough to recognize your choice and ultimately sends the color in the wrong direction. The game actually locked up seconds before I completed the first level and I had to force close. Since I rarely have such issues with my phone, I decided to take this as a warning and uninstall.
B000V5W8NG|3.0|The Station is in danger!  No it's not, everyone had their punch spiked.  Rumpelstiltskin, Really?  For an episode about imagination, this one is kind of lacking.  3.4/5 stars because it is representative to Trek Lore, but you can skip this one if you're not adamant about seeing every single episode.  Nothing to do with the Dominion or the characters really.  Pro: I liked Bashir's hallucination the most!  (I've had that same one)  ~Keep On Trekkin'
B004U7MQXS|3.0|The orginal movie was a good teenage movie, what really makes it are the ED Sullivan performmances. However it a shame they really did not get to tour when they really had gotten famous due the mass confusion of the times. However they would have been a great band to see live sans the mass hysteria.
B004D9FLJE|5.0|I love this series.  This item arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  I managed to get it for $10 so I'm very satisfied.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is the best solitaire game for the Fire yet! It is very fast and responsive and the game support is there if you have any questions. If you like solitaire games, this is a must for the Kindle Fire. Best of all it is free and it does come with a few ads.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|love this app! so easy to organize thoughts and plans. integration with phone, computer, and tablet takes the benefits to a whole new level. phenomenal!
B002T07DAE|5.0|I'm an old rocker and am generally frustrated and disappointed in the newer \\"rock and roll\\" coming out these days.  I stumbled across these guys browsing through music and was blown away.  Their self-titled album is also just as good or better.  I can listen to both from start to finish without skipping a song and enjoy every minute of it. Turn it up loud and enjoy.  Well done Wolfmother!  You ROCK!
B006RUJST6|5.0|The title, \\"Slammed\\", drew me in.  But, the true-to-life colorful characters and compelling storyline kept me glued to my Kindle until the very last word.  I am an avid reader. However, this is the first E-Book I've purchased.  And, I was not disappointed.   Ms. Hoover knows how to bring her characters to life.  I laughed, I cried, and then I laughed some more.    Layken and Will kept me company all night as I ushered in the New Year.  I read this book from virtual cover to virtual cover in one sitting! Well, ok I did take a break at midnight to sip a little champagne - Happy New Year 2012 - but that was all.  Couldn't put it down until I knew what was to become of my new friend, Layken Cohen.      Can't wait to see what this new author comes up with next!    * * P. S.  Evidently, I unknowingly broke a reviewer rule. Please let me set things straight:  1. I know Colleen Hoover. We are former co-workers. I also currently work with her mother.   2. When I read on Facebook (Yes, we're friends on FB.) that she had written a book, I couldn't wait to read it.   3. As soon as it was available, I went to Amazon and PURCHASED it for $4.99.    4. Why?  Duh...Again, I know Colleen. Anyone who knows her already appreciates her sense of humor and the really unique  \\"orange colored glasses\\" that she sees the world through.    It was a no-brainer that I'd want to read what she had written. If only to see if she used my name or likeness in the book...which, sadly, she did not. We aren't that good of friends. Maybe book #2??  About the 5 stars...I am an amateur reviewer. Forgive me.   Over the top? Maybe. But, my review is honest and sincere and truthful.   I read Slammed in one sitting. I enjoyed it. It was well written. I recommended it to others on my Facebook page. And, I know that at least two of my FB friends downloaded it on my recommendation. One for free. One for $2.99. BTW, they haven't de-friended me, yet. So, that must be a good sign, right?  My recommendation stands.* * * * *
B006DRVFRQ|5.0|Perfect app for viewing book blogs.  Includes pictures with the title, which makes it easier for me to decide if I want to read the full post.  I think I like using this app more than using the program on my computer.
0307595579|5.0|Great collector's set.  Very cool item. Riveting stories presented in an elegant case.  Bought them for my wife for Christmas, and she loves them.  She's already racing through the second book.
0307949508|5.0|This was the first book I read out of the series as the description on the back cover got me because it was so well written. I read it and couldn't put the book down. It was a gripping page turner. I was rooting for the girl the whole way through. She is a hero in my book. She did what she needed to do to survive given the circumstances. It was because of this book that I read the others.
B0032UYFA6|5.0|My husband was THRILLED when I purchased this for him as a Christmas gift! The series is very deep and has just the right mix of drama and suspense. I highly recommend this series.
B00004TS0E|5.0|Nothing gets me into the Christmas spirit like this movie! I watch it every year!  The characters are perfectly suited and Santa is portrayed so that any doubters are  sure to believe after watching!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This is the best reading app out for android. If you know somebody who reads the word on a mobile device, you probably know somebody who uses this app. If you want to dig deeper into your choice of translations, this app has it, copy, paste, share, and save, meet others in your area through the community tab, read what locals are reading, pray with a neighbor, or learn something new. This app will overwhelm you like the day Christ revealed his Word to your heart.  Bring it to work, the DMV, the plane, just dont droid and drive.
B005USZYDU|5.0|This book is grat for boys and girls from gade 6-12. It is a mystery that always keeps you reading. There are 3 books to this series.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I love all sorts of Mahjong games, but sometimes on screens smaller than a computer or laptop screen the tiles are difficult to differentiate. I found that the tiles in this game were different than any other ones I have seen.  I had virtually no troubleon my Kindle Fire and I really need to get new glasses. I would recommend it if you enjoy Mahjong.<br />The tiles are hard to describe but they are not the us,,ual as on the regular.Mahjong, but after you play a game, you will have figured what the matches are.
B003YL4L0W|5.0|I've always enjoyed Jodi Picoult as an author. She always puts very relevant topics into her books and so far, has never disappointed me.   I went in reading this book not 100% sure what it was about. But as I started reading, I was thoroughly pleased that it was very poignant to the controversies of today. While reading, I expected there to be some controversy about the main characters, a lesbian couple; however I didn't expect the religious aspect to be pulled in. It was wonderful to see both sides of the story, even though I felt more drawn to support Zoe and her wife, Vanessa.   The entire story not only talks about marriage, but also honesty, loyalty, acceptance, love, tolerance, and the beginning of life. All of this was wrapped up into a touching story that I couldn't put down. When I wasn't reading it, I was thinking about it, and when I was thinking about it, I was up in the wee hours of the morning reading through the pages.   There was nothing disappointing about this book and it was certainly one of the best things I've read in a long time. I definitely recommend this to everyone/anyone who wants a great, touching read.
B004ECDNJU|3.0|Test devices:<br />Samsung Epic, Android 2.2 official<br />Viewsonic gTablet, Calkulin+Clemsyn 1.5ghz Froyo Combo V6<br /><br />Dragon Fire is a easy to play game where you redirect colored fire from into the appropriate receiver. Graphically, it's ok, and scaled all the way up to use the full 10\\" screen of the gTablet. The background music is decent, adding to the ambiance of the game rather than detracting from it. Control is done through tapping the connectors to change the direction the fire will travel along. It sounds pretty simple, and it is, but each new level adds complexity. More colors, more connectors, more receivers, etc. The difficulty level selection is done by adjusting the speed of the game. I like the way they do this, which is with a slide bar instead of a few predefined speeds. Dragon Fire lacks a score mechanism or any other way of tracking how well you did other than by completing the level. If there is such a thing in the game, I missed it, and there isn't a help section to clarify things. The base game is good, but the app as a whole lacks depth found in similar games.<br /><br />I hope you found this review helpful, and if not, feel free to leave comments/questions.
B004EPZ03O|5.0|This movie was put directly on my \\"to buy\\" list(which is a very short very picky list). I have bought probably a total of 3 DVDs the past 7 years, and requested two others as gifts...Yes 5 movies in 7 years have been bought either by or for me...most of them were old classics(black and whites and musicals and a war movie) I look forward to sitting down with my husband and my two, 2 yr old boys(they all have not seen this Muppets movie) and re-watch it over and over again over the next several years, as I do with the other Muppets movies and other worthy classics! I still have the songs playing in my head WEEKS after seeing the movie!   I was a Muppets fan growing up(thanks to my parents, as I was born in 1983), and I am a HUGE Jason Segal fan. I think anyone who enjoyed the Muppet show and enjoys Jason Segal's kind of humor will love this film! I definitely pre-ordered this and am waiting somewhat impatiently for it to come in! I also enjoyed the other Muppet movies, so if you didn't enjoy those, this may not be your cup of tea either...Personally this was the highlight of my \\"movie year\\".  Mahna-mahna,  Becky
0143034901|5.0|Fermin is among the most lovable literary characters of all time!<br /><br />I loved this book so much!  Everyone that I've recommended it to has also loved it.  As an adult, I often enjoy a book to a modest degree, but it takes a lot more to surprise me or to make me love a character, because I am jaded, I suppose.  The Shadow of the Wind gave me the reading experience that we all remember from childhood when we could become totally engrossed in a fast-paced, fun, intriguing novel.  It will remind you how much fun reading is supposed to be!
B004S3MB2U|5.0|this calculator is well thought out.  there are almost too many functions, but the arrangement makes it fairly easy to find the right one.  having a date calculator is very helpful at times.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really enjoyed this game so far. Its a lot of fun and will keep you busy for hours. I like how it keeps you interested by giving you points for trying. bubble game is a little slow in my opinion.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|this is a great app. works well on kindle fire also. syncs well across platforms. only wish it had decent tori functionality, to save having to use another great app such as wunderlist.
B006RUJST6|5.0|Amazing talent! It takes a lot to catch my attention but this book did....Caught myself rushing through my day to get back to the story of Layken and Will. I can hardly wait to see what's in store for these two.... Story line keeps you guessing with creative memories that leave you with a vivid picture of the story being told......Loved it!!!!!!!
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|This book took me away from Skyrim completely.  It's a real page-turner and I loved the characters and the setting.  Yes, it's a nostalgia-fest for 40-something nerds but anyone that know about older video games at all will still probably like it.  Only gripe is that the publisher made it so expensive on Kindle.  Kindle books should be more expensive than paperbacks.
B00007LTIC|2.0|This album was way too highly rated.<br />It was praised for the return of Rick Wakeman to the fold and the success of the album. I found the reviews to be overly optimistic. The album was basically a jam session for Wakeman lovers. As a classic rock album, it sucked.
B005Q1W0ZQ|5.0|This was a gift and already we have enjoyed watching it again.  We can't wait for the next season.  I have apready purchased season 2 on Blueray.  Can't wait to see it.  Great family watching
B0063IH60K|5.0|i love the auto finish!  this game moves at a nice pace and moves smoothly as you go along. thanks!
B002VX3RCW|5.0|My 6 month old loves this toy. The textures, sounds and colors keep her interest. She is currently teething and loves the textured rings on the horse's tail. The horse is about the size of her chest, but she can still shake it and move it easily, which is something we have found to be important for her at this stage. It also has lots of parts that are easy for her to grasp, making it rewarding for her to reach for. I also think that this is an easy toy to make up short stories for her, making it an interactive toy that can encourage language development. Highly recommended.
B004I744AS|5.0|I used this app for my Sunday School lesson.It's wonderful and easy to use.The homepage is filled with nice games and is very educating. The layout is awesome.I'm impressed how fast it can search a word and how clear it pronounces the word from the audio.I highly recommend this app!
0439023513|5.0|This is the final book in the 3 part series of the Hunger Games.   I read a lot of the reviews before reading the last one and noticed a dramatic drop in ratings when compared with the first two.   However, I found this last book to still be enjoyable. I'll admit, the first book is still the best. The second comes in a close second. And the last is enjoyable but I would put it as the 3rd best in the series.   This book was very entertaining and I'm very sad to see the series end.   ... Now I can't wait for the movies!
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love spider solitaire. this app is a lot of fun.  cards are easy to move and it is possible to win the game.
0439023491|5.0|This book is great. Not as good as the first, but I couldn't put it down. The whole series is well worth the read.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is so cool and awesome so.many games to choose from possibilities are unlimited i really like the last page
B0063IH60K|4.0|great app for solitaire lovers. love playing in my free time. easy to use. I like the scoring options: Vegas or standard. I recommend this app.
B005HSL626|4.0|Ok its fun but its boring after a while (except when you get a prize or powerup) and I think it needs...... well like a adventure story mode!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the updates. I love the app too. Anywhere your phone goes,your bible does too. Love posting to fb also. Keep it up!
B003WTE886|4.0|I really adore Taylor Swift, and this album is no exception. There are several really cute, catchy songs and a couple that are deeper and a little more poignant. Overall, if you enjoy her pop-country style, this is a good cd.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|This movie touched a nerve. When I was a little boy I used to go with my grandmother to help her clean offices and 2 people's homes on weekends and I saw and heard many of the same things that happened to these women happen to my grandmother. She put up with a lot of bad stuff. It was always easy to get rid of (fire) my grandmother because she was accused of stealing stuff; especially on payday. Or she would get chewed out for not doing a great job and her pay was docked. She and these women went through a lot of stuff to take care of their children and grandchildren. Wow! This movie says it all. And just because it's the 21st Century don't believe it doesn't go on today . . .
B004SIIBGU|1.0|Doesn't let me sign in on my Kindle Fire. Keeps telling me there's no network connection. Uninstalling until its fixed.
B005QI4TTY|5.0|Best album by far that drake has ever mad. Was defintely worth the money I spent on it. My favorite tracks are OVER MY DEAD BODY and Take Care. Honestly I love all of the tracks that are on it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I could play this app for hours! its a great app to download , do it now if you love solitaire
B005EZJ3MW|4.0|I bought this CD for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas. She loves it. The music is very age appropriate. My daughter first became a fan of Demi Lovato by watching her on the Disney Channel. This is her third CD.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great game.  Performs perfectly and you get 200 levels for 99 cents. Good graphics and puzzles will keep you entertained for hours. More levels please!
B003Y5H5AG|4.0|Great movie for the entire family. We bought this movie for our 11 year old daughter for Christmas, but we watched it together as a family. Very cute and funny while remaining age appropriate. Some movies that I thought were similar in style/contents were the Alvin and the Chipmunks movies and the Toy Story movies.
B003XCJKPS|4.0|The movie was really good and it was exactly what I was looking for. This came very quickly in the mail tops 3 days and a few dollars for shipping.
B005ZUR724|5.0|Don't let the low score fool you. The app received a bunch of one star reviews because users couldn't download an update. That's resolved and the gameplay is awesome. Coming from a long time WoW player, this is really fun and great for the kindle fire.
B005ZUR724|1.0|Needs update.  Paid and cant play. Booooooooo Gameloft!  Hope this gets fixed soon, until then 1 star from me.  Kindle Fire
0689835604|5.0|I've been reading Karen Katz' Lift-the-Flap books to my daughter since she was 10 months old, and I wish I would have known about them sooner! They are the perfect book for babies! They are sturdy enough to withstand baby teeth and drool. The pictures are always bright and captivating, they definitely keep little one's attention. Out of all the Lift-the-Flap books my daughter has, her favorite might be Where is Baby's Belly Button? Every time it gets to the part to \\"life the flap\\" my daughter squeals in delight or starts trying to talk! The only thing I'd suggest is to watch out for little hands trying to rip the \\"flap\\" off. The pages are thick and nearly impossible to tear, but the \\"flap\\" can be torn off by a determined Little One. However, it's nothing a little double-sided tape can't fix. (Amanda)
B004ECDNJU|5.0|Starts out easy then becomes difficult as speed increases. A game I could enjoy playing daily. Good music and graphics.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I honestly just wanted a Bible for my Kindle Fire, so I downloaded this because it was the first one I saw, but it is fantastic!  The Bible is easy to navigate, the bookmarks and tags are easy to manage, and the reading plans seem nice, though I prefer to do my own.  I've gone through the features just so I know what's available to me and find myself using it more and more often.  Highly recommended!
B002JVWR9U|5.0|This is one of my favorite shows! Season one is very well written and has great acting. I definitely recommend it to people of all ages.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Great movie! I'm sure every Harry Potter fan agrees that this is one of the best movies!  Great gift for any fan!
1440503257|5.0|This is such a cute cookbook. It's about a 50/50 mix of real recipes that you can actually make and enjoy and recipes of gross things from the books that are fun to laugh at. I definitely recommend this as a gift for big Harry Potter fans!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is definitely my favorite Bible app. The synchronization of plans, notes and highlights is great. Also, offline support comes in handy on WiFi only devices.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I am soo glad I didn't start reading this until all three books were complete - I would've been in Katniss withdrawal until the 2nd and 3rd books were released. Hope the movie does it justice!
B004ECDNJU|4.0|After reading the reviews, I wasn't sure about downloading this. I'm glad I did. It plays well on my gTablet (running Vegan-Tab 7.1). Sure, it's not flashy, but it is challenging and the ability of being able to change the speed of the game is a nice feature. I don't know if I'll keep it installed, but it is something I can see playing again.
B005KDWUFA|5.0|These beautiful men and their beautiful voices never cease to amaze me. Another wonderful musical cd from them. I'm entranced.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app with lots of great Bible studies.  has helped me stay consistent with my Bible study.  Well worth investigating if you're looking for a Bible app.
0393338398|5.0|After losing star players like Jason Giambi and Johnny Damon, what are the Oakland A's to do with a payroll about one third of that of a rich team like the New York Yankees? Conventional wisdom long held that big name, highly athletic hitters and young pitchers with rocket arms were the ticket to success. But Oakland A's General Manager Beane and his staff, buoyed by massive amounts of carefully interpreted statistical data, believed that wins could be had by more affordable methods such as hitters with high on-base percentage, high slugging averages, and pitchers who get lots of ground outs. Attributes in a batter like patience in the plate and the ability of a pitcher to get high ratio of strikeouts to walks, ground balls and few homers are looked at. Given this information and a tight budget, Beane defied tradition and his own scouting department to build winning teams of young affordable players and inexpensive castoff veterans like David Justice. In the June player draft, Beane acquired nearly every prospect he coveted (few of whom were coveted by other teams). The reader comes to understand Billy Bean's trading strategy- acquire players that the market undervalues and sell the ones that the market overvalues. Besides being one of the most interesting insider accounts ever written about baseball, Moneyball is populated with fascinating characters. Sidearm pitcher Chad Bradford is plucked from the White Sox triple-A club to be a key set-up man and catcher Scott Hatteberg is rebuilt as a first baseman. We are told of the exciting record breaking 20-game winning streak of the Oakland A's in 2002, the last game won by a walk off homer by the undervalued patient hitter of Scott Hatteberg. Author Michael Lewis offers good explanations of baseball stats and Beane's economic approach, making Moneyball an appealing reading experience for business people and sports fans alike.
B004H4XDBI|5.0|I loved If I Stay, but can honestly say I loved Where She Went even more. Adam's story is so amazing you can't help but fall for him. Finally being able to see the world from his eyes you get a sense of what happened in If I Stay and a better handle on the love that they actually had. I was disappointed in If I Stay not feeling the chemistry with Mia and Adam but Where She Went came back and blew me away. Two thumbs up for this book!!
B004ECDNJU|3.0|I wanted to like this game but found it not engaging enough; it didn't capture or hold my interest. A rather uninspired game in my humble opinion, which is not to say that it wouldn't appeal to some, it's just not at all my cup of tea. That having been said, it runs flawlessly on my Evo and doesn't seem to have intrusive permissions. I encourage a test-drive, followed by an uninstall if it doesn't trip your trigger either. It's definitely worth a try, particularly for free.
B0020BUWX2|5.0|I am very picky when it comes to my books, I always go to the reviews and base my purchase on the ratings. This one was a no brainer between the reviews and the summary of the book. I was captivated from the beginning. I loved Mia's story, not being one to spoil a book for others I will not give any spoilers! But I will say that I was a little disappointed in the chemistry between Adam and Mia I wanted to feel more love between them. I didn't feel like I got enough of their story from the past to really feel that love they actually had for each other. The ending leaves you wanting more and having to buy Gayle's second book Where She Went. Make sure you have a box of tissues by your side for this one, tear jerker for sure.
1591396190|5.0|The authors contend that leading companies in the future will succeed not by battling each other, but by creating 'blue oceans' of uncontested market space ripe for growth. This conclusion is based on their study of 150 strategic moves made over 100+ years and involving 30 industries. 'Red oceans' (battles between existing competitors) will continue, but with supply exceeding demand in more and more industries, competing for contracting or stable markets will create cutthroat competition, commodity products, and limited opportunity.<br /><br />A study of the business launches of 108 companies found that 86% were incremental improvements within existing markets, but accounted for only 62% of total new revenues and 395 of total new profits. The remaining 14% were aimed at creating blue oceans and generated 38% of new revenue and 61% of new profits. Blue oceans are created by driving costs down and value up, not eg. simply with production innovation. Example: Cirque du Soleil lowers costs w/o animals, using a single ring, and no stars; its target market is adults, not competing with Ringling Bros.<br /><br />Good blue ocean strategy is not benchmarking and besting across all factors of competition, but focused and differentiated. Eg. SWA eliminated meals, lounges, seating class choices, and hub connectivity aspects, while focusing on friendly service, speed/point-to-point service. The overall result diverged from typical airline offerings, and was not a 'me-too.'<br /><br />The authors also contend that the appropriate unit of analysis is not that of firms - based on the subsequent flops of those covered in \\"In Search of Excellence,\\" and \\"Built to Last\\" - instead, the appropriate unit of analysis should be focused on strategic moves.<br /><br />In developing blue ocean opportunities, consider customer alternatives - eg. driving vs. flying for SWA, or buying a jet for NetJet (offers time-sharing). Focusing on an underserved segment is another suggestion - Curves provides a low cost exercise-reinforcing no men environment with simpler machines, vs. traditional health clubs, or exercising at home. Lexus offered Mercedes/BMW quality at Cadillac prices. Shifting target buyers is a third means to find blue oceans. Eg. Novo Nordisk went beyond the industry's traditional emphasis on doctors' (emphasized purity) and also appealed to patients via ease of insulin administration. Bloomberg shifted its focus from IT managers (looking for low price, easy of operation) to trader/users by emphasizing making their job easier. Still another route - consider complimentary product/service offerings. Eg. Movie theaters offering baby sitting service, NABI buses that are not low purchase price but instead low-cost over the product life (light, easy to repair; lower floors).<br /><br />Idea-generating mechanisms - experience the service or product yourself, talk to disgruntled customers. Examples: The Model T filled the opening for a low-priced vehicle, while G.M. later filled the gap vs. Ford by offering variety. Japanese cars then offered better mileage and quality, followed by the Chrysler minivan.men environment with simpler machines, vs. traditional health clubs, or exercising at home. Lexus offered Mercedes/BMW quality at Cadillac prices. Shifting target buyers is a third means to find blue oceans. Eg. Novo Nordisk went beyond the industry's traditional emphasis on doctors' (emphasized purity) and also appealed to patients via ease of insulin administration. Bloomberg shifted its focus from IT managers (looking for low price, easy of operation) to trader/users by emphasizing making their job easier. Still another route - consider complimentary product/service offerings. Eg. Movie theaters offering baby sitting service, NABI buses that are not low purchase price but instead low-cost over the product life (light, easy to repair; lower floors).  Idea-generating mechanisms - experience the service or product yourself, talk to disgruntled customers. Examples: The Model T filled the opening for a low-priced vehicle, while G.M. later filled the gap vs. Ford by offering variety. Japanese cars then offered better mileage and quality, followed by the Chrysler minivan.
1419702238|5.0|My 8 year old son was done with this book in 2 days.  Once he picked it up, he wouldn't put it down.  Literally, we go to the store and it was in his hands during the car ride to the store and back including while walking around.  The first day he got it I went to check on him in the middle of the night and he was under the covers with a flashlight reading hours after I'd put him to bed.  I think the content is age appropriate and love the fact that his favorite hobby is to read vice playing games on my phone.  Thank you Jeff Kinney for the Diary of a Wimpy Kid Series.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|love the game but it doesn't work well at all on my ICS Galaxy Nexus. sometimes fails to load. other times can't click on screen to start a game.
0446556750|1.0|This book was a disappointment, and I'm a librarian who has read thousands of titles..I should know. Connelly wrote a masterful story only to leave the readers hanging at the very end. I thought he would have a twist like the killer didn't really do the earlier crime, but then killed at the end. He leaves us hanging with no satisfying ending. This is the first and last Connelly book I will EVER read.
B0055SWM08|5.0|this game is nice. works well on the kindle fire. its an easy concept, so it doesn't take a lot of concentration.
B004A8ZWWO|5.0|This movie was great and did what it was supposed to do -- made me laugh my head off.  Eddie Murphy was great and had the audience laughing from the time he popped on the screen.  The only problem is that I can't see how they can make a sequel, which is too bad since the cast was great.
B0064TVQ5E|2.0|Very fun game. Had not played it before. Reviews are right. If I play a game and then play a 2nd one, it freezes &amp; crashes during the 2nd game. Hope can be fixed. Glad it was free.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Our grand daughter loved it as soon as she saw it, and didn't put it down while we were there.
B0058VW36U|5.0|it is a wonderful game, and I can't see why people are complaining! when I first downloaded it, it had the tool box plus buzz box already there. I think amazon put it in, so I rate it 5 stars!
B0063GORYU|4.0|Of all the free card apps, I like this one the best. The graphics are clear and the cards are the right size for the Kindle. Motion is smooth. Great free app!
0743298020|5.0|There is a treasure box. A mystery old, mysteries new. A quiet bookworm no one would notice on the street. Visions of things that could not possibly be there. Silver threads plucked from aged and dusty curtains. A tread on the stairs in the darkest hour of night. A pair of elderly retainers in the kitchen, talking without speaking. A graveyard reserved for those not related to the family of The House. Rain on the moors: not city rain, warmed by the rising heat of the city itself. Cold, vicious, whipping rain. A lovingly maintained garden, unlovingly maintained children. A beautiful gift to be given a wonderful book to finish reading on this first day of a new year. I wish Diane Setterfield the unequivocal belief she need have in a literary work exceptionally well done.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|it is just like the full version it is awsome on my kindle fire!!! get it it is fun fun fun fun fun
0380730405|4.0|The narrator of the book, who is never named, is a young woman employed as a \\"companion\\" to a wealthy and somewhat obnoxious American in what I assumed was the early 20th century. While in Monte Carlo, the obnoxious American is star-struck by the wealthy and attractive Maximilian de Winter, but to her chagrin, he becomes much more interested in her mousy and poor companion. But all is not well with their love story - our protagonist constantly feels as if she doesn't measure up to Maxim's first wife in the mind of her husband and his household staff. A gothic mystery reminiscent of Jane Eyre, Rebecca is a mystery that provides just enough hints to keep the reader interested but not so many as to be frustratingly obvious.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this game but I can't find it for kindle but my sister has it. I love cut the rope.
1400052181|4.0|Henrietta Lacks, a poor black woman born in 1920, was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 1951. At the time, modern cancer research was just beginning to gain steam. When doctors realized that Henrietta's cancerous cells reproduced prodigiously and did not die, they begin sharing (and eventually selling) the cell line. Those cells, called HeLa cells to maintain Henrietta's privacy, are still used in biomedical research today, although Henrietta never gave her permission for the use of her cells for research or sale, and the Lacks family has never gotten a dime. This fascinating book is part medical nonfiction, part memoir - it tells the story of Henrietta, her cells, and her family - and although it meanders in places, it's probably worth it to work through the tangents.
B0063GORYU|5.0|love it..wonderful game ..it is a good game... go for relaxation and not be very stressful..easy enough for even younger kids.to play
159420229X|5.0|Joshua Foer found his reporting on a memory competition interesting, although the ability of the competitors to remember huge amounts of random data seemed almost alien - contests include memorization of lists of numbers, words, names and faces, packs of cards, and poetry. Next, Foer interviewed some memory champions, and one offered to train him, telling Foer that he could compete in the next year's memory competition if he wanted to. So he decided to try, and that made all the difference.   Although this isn't a self-help book, Foer describes the memory tricks he uses: Depending on what is being memorized, each number, card, letter, or syllable is associated with a noun or verb. Then he creates a \\"memory palace\\" using a place he knows well (his childhood home, his current home, his grandparents' house, his work) and translates anything he has to memorize into images (the more ridiculous and dirty the better, because they're more memorable) and \\"places\\" those ridiculous dirty images in a pre-defined order in the house. Then, when he is attempting to remember some arbitrarily long list of numbers or playing cards, he just walks through his memory palace in his mind, remembers the silly things he put there, and translates them back into his grocery list, arbitrary numbers, or the American Presidents. The title of the book is an example of Foer's use of famous people to memorize cards - at one point in the competition, he placed himself (four of spades) moonwalking (Michael Jackson is his king of hearts) with Einstein (three of diamonds) in his parents' basement.   For me, this is perfect participatory journalism - Foer takes the reader through a history of memory studies and discusses what we know medically about memory, but it's interesting because of the stories Foer is able to provide. Recommended.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|Midnight in Paris<br /><br />My experience of this film is of a beautifully presented love poem to Paris, lovely, delightful, introduced at its outset through sensitive cinematic portraits of the City accompanied by Sidney Bechet's affectionate call and response duet, gently carrying us along, saying, `Abide with me, Gentle Viewer - This is a love story'.<br /><br />I understand that the story-teller's art may emphasize Plot, Character, or Setting, in any combination of related qualities, with blend and emphasis varying throughout the work.<br /><br />While there is sufficient plot in this narrative to carry the armchair viewer along, I'm thinking that the story line in our film serves mainly as a supporting vehicle, providing a milieu lending meaning to the essential spirit of the piece: the author's delight in Paris, his desire to share his sense of wonder in the art, culture, history, the spirit of the city and its people.  Plot and Character are minimal interests here; this is a work celebrating its Setting, the Social and Cultural Environment of the City of Paris.<br /><br />As an artist's purpose is through their craft to stimulate in the viewer, listener or reader an experience sympathetic with their own, often inspired in wonder, our author and director was thoroughly successful with me; I come from this experience now, in love with Paris.  I am eager to share this film with friends.  Thank you, Mr. Allen.
0316056863|4.0|Tina Fey is hilarious. She did improv at Second City in Chicago, she was the lead writer for Saturday Night Live, and now she's in charge at 30 Rock. If you've watched 30 Rock, that's a good indicator of the level of humor you'll find in this book - for example, this is part of the first page of the book: \\"If you are a woman and you bought this book for practical tips on how to make it in a male-dominated workplace, here they are. No pigtails, no tube tops. Cry sparingly. (Some people say 'Never let them see you cry.' I say, if you're so mad you could just cry, then cry. It terrifies everyone.) When choosing sexual partners, remember: Talent is not sexually transmittable. Also, don't eat diet foods in meetings.\\"  Of course, it's great to read the funny stuff, but I actually found some of the (rare) serious things that she said to be much more interesting. My favorite part was her discussion of the Saturday Night Live skits about Sarah Palin, who is probably Fey's most popular character. She mentioned the backlash she got about playing Palin - commentators said it was \\"mean.\\" This is Fey's response in the book: \\"There was an assumption that I was personally attacking Sarah Palin by impersonating her on TV. No one ever said it was 'mean' when Chevy Chase played Gerald Ford falling down all the time. No one ever accused Dana Carvey or Darrell Hammond or Dan Aykroyd of 'going too far' in their political impressions. You see what I'm getting at here. I am not mean and Mrs. Palin is not fragile. To imply otherwise is a disservice to us both.\\"   If you like Tina Fey, I recommend this book. And my recommendation to Ms. Fey, as difficult as it might be for her to be serious, would be to include more seriousness in the next book. Not because she isn't funny, but because she obviously has some really interesting serious things to say.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I love Buble'!!! What more can I say??? Love the variety on this CD.<br />Another favorite in my car to cruise to!! Crystal clear voice!! Love him!!
B0063GORYU|5.0|easy to play, can move to harder form when ready.  love that I can undo a move to try it another way also.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|When I first read the first word and page, I didn't want to stop. I cried, rejoiced and LOVED this book. If you need something to read, choose the The Hunger Games Trilogy.
B006C1DH92|5.0|If you love Fruit Ninja, you should never miss this version! The HALFBRICK shows their impressive creativity on this new game. The \\"Bandito\\" mode brings lots of fun.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love using this. its super easy to use, and you can find any verse with ease. I use this app all of the time at home, at church, and at school. I would be lost without this app. I also love the way that you can use the plans, also! Favorite app on my Kindle Fire.&lt;3
B005N95JA4|4.0|Some advice - and I can't put it any better than this review from Amazon UK:  This is one of my favourite Stones albums but the record company seems determined to neutralise my continued enjoyment. The 2009 remasters of the post-Decca/London studio albums (from 1971's Sticky Fingers to date) have come in for some stick in some quarters & rightly so; the one-EQ-setting-suits-all-tracks approach to 'remastering' was a creative mistake which simply did not suit some titles, with Some Girls suffering the most. The original release didn't sound like it was recorded in a tin can but the 2009 version did with the contents compressed to a degrading degree, stripping the original of its dynamic range. What used to sound nice & sleazy was transformed into something shrill & dense. I was hoping that this 'deluxe' issue might feature a decent second attempt at the job but, alas, no: this package contains exactly the same 2009 remastered version with no discernible attempt to improve the faulty sound. This is disappointing, to say the least. Some Girls deserves so much better than this. What is truly frustrating, however, is that the same does not apply to the bonus disc of out-takes. The sound here is excellent from start to finish- I'm not about to complain on that score because the 12 extra tracks are well worth hearing if you're interested in a collection of would-be B-sides in fine quality sound. But is it not ABSURD that the out-takes sound so much better than the album proper? This is not quite how it's supposed to be, is it? If you think I'm being a tad tetchy here, compare this version of Some Girls to the 1990s remaster & you'll hear what I mean. The difference in tonal range is striking. Hell, under normal circumstances I'd be giving Some Girls a five-star rating but this version succeeds only in making it sound like a 3-star album & that just can't be right. In fact, it's a bit of a crime in my book. Are we not entitled to expect it to sound better instead of worse?Has concern for musical quality been finally thrown out of the window? Worth buying for the out-take disc, though, which really does sound pretty good.
B000OJFV3S|5.0|This show is very addicting! It's not exactly a family show, lots and lots of adult content but it is extremely entertaining while educational as well. The first season isn't the best but it starts getting really exciting at the beginning of the second season. I am halfway through the 3rd season and I can't stop watching it!
0545265355|5.0|I love this book series!!!  And the books were in perfect condition and the price was fantastic!  I wouldn't buy it from anywhere else!
B004WCTLNY|2.0|Based on a Phil Dick story, this is a film brought to life by credible performances by Matt Damon (as the ambitious young NY politician David Norris),  the gorgeous Emily Blunt (as Elise, the elusive beauty/dancer whom David meets by happenstance and pursues despite all odds and mishaps), and John Slattery (who can do no wrong in any role as he again doesn't disappoint as the Adjustment Bureau's mid-management enforcer Richardson).<br /><br />The gist of the story is whether we have free will or not. The film starts with a stark \\"NO\\" for an answer. David thinks otherwise, so he needs a lesson and his lesson is delivered in the form of a nightmarish visit from the film-noir cast of the Adjustment Bureau (all wearing fedora hats) and the admonition that David can't say a word of what he has seen to anybody, or else... his brain will be reset, and his mind will be wiped out. If the Bureau is flushed out to the public domain, the gig will be up. (So can the Bureau control everything but the occasional indiscretion of its victims? Isn't that a contradiction in terms?)<br /><br />What's more, the Bureau also forbids David to continue his relationship with Elise since she has a different fate and his rising success as a young politician is not commensurate with her success as a dancer in a modern dance company. He is made to understand that his love for her will have a very high cost if he owns up to it, period. He'd better let go of her, right away. Like yesterday.<br /><br />So how does the Bureau enforce its mandate over David's life? By assigning \\"case officers\\" to David and arranging \\"little accidents\\" of daily life which are anything but. The next time you spill coffee on yourself while riding public transportation you can believe that it's an accident, or that the Bureau is earning its pay.<br /><br />However, at the end the Bureau relents and throws in the towel because they are impressed with the risks David take to be with Elise. So instead of David \\"seeing the light\\" and giving in, the Bureau is the one who give him a break since they're impressed by the love David and Elise have for one another.<br /><br />Yet, after all is said and done, the story remains as unconvincing and contrived at the end of it as it was in the beginning. For some reason I couldn't suspend my disbelief all throughout the film. I kept repeating to myself \\"there is no way this is true or can ever happen the way the director says it does!\\" For some reason I could not lose myself in this film which is necessary for a seamless movie experience. Which makes me wonder: would I enjoy The Matrix, once upon a time my all-time favorite sci-fi flick, if I go back now and watch it again? Have my sense of \\"poetic illusion\\" dried up so much that I can's lay down my critical blowtorch aside and just allow for entertainment's sake that the Adjustment Bureau is nothing more than a work of fiction?<br /><br />A cast of fantastic actors which fails to sustain an inherently unsustainable narrative.ne who give him a break since they're impressed by the love David and Elise have for one another.   Yet, after all is said and done, the story remains as unconvincing and contrived at the end of it as it was in the beginning. For some reason I couldn't suspend my disbelief all throughout the film. I kept repeating to myself \\"there is no way this is true or can ever happen the way the director says it does!\\" For some reason I could not lose myself in this film which is necessary for a seamless movie experience. Which makes me wonder: would I enjoy The Matrix, once upon a time my all-time favorite sci-fi flick, if I go back now and watch it again? Have my sense of \\"poetic illusion\\" dried up so much that I can's lay down my critical blowtorch aside and just allow for entertainment's sake that the Adjustment Bureau is nothing more than a work of fiction?  A cast of fantastic actors which fails to sustain an inherently unsustainable narrative.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|We ordered this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. Shipping date was uncertain when we ordered it but it shipped promptly, well before the holidays. Product was received in great condition and we were pleased with the price. My daughter was very happy with this gift and we will recommend Amazon to any of our friends looking for dvd collections,
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|Andrea Bocelli is a marvel. He has a strong, glorious voice that handles all sorts of music well, and he's a very sweet person as well. His collaboration with David Foster is a happy one. This is a great Christmas special. Bocelli sings in six languages by my count. His guest stars include stellar female performers who do great duets with him. He even sings with the Muppets. Set design and costumes are appealing as well. We enjoyed this special so much on PBS that we decided we wanted to watch it every year - without the pledge breaks!
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I tried to use this and kept getting an invalid password error message.  Not what I wanted, because it is too much trouble.  I am giving it 4 stars because it may just be my impatience to deal with it.
B0009P5YXO|4.0|It might have just been mine, but the top bit of the screwdriver was slightly crooked. I fixed it with a bit of Scotch tape, but it still bothers me a little. Also, the light sometimes doesn't work and I have to tap it to get it to come on. Otherwise, it's pretty awesome, and totally worth the buy.
B004ECDNJU|4.0|Wow. If you're color blind, tough. Play something else. Why should the world accommodate you??? So tired of the entitlement mentality.
0062112430|4.0|not bad but no hunger games. not as addictive or as thrilling. I couldn't get as into the story as I usually do. But I still liked it over all.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|In 1988 my company created the first multi-version electronic Bible on CD-ROM. Since that time I have created numerous e-Bibles in Spanish and English. This is by far the best designed multiversion Bible that I have seen--and it's free!
B000TEUSJK|1.0|Despite all the hype of being the most controversial movie every made in the end it is just a really bad movie.  The X rating doesn't bother me, in fact it made me curious and made me want to see it to see what all the fuss was about.  Wish I hadn't wasted my time on this idiotic (not even sexy) movie.
B004EPYZXK|1.0|I have been reviewing on Amazon for 13 years, have posted almost 1600 reviews, including those for several hundred movies, am a former Top 50 reviewer (under the original ranking system, not the new one, which rates you higher the more positive votes you get, and so discourages more objective and especially justifiably negative reviews), and this is one of the few times I've ever given anything a one-star review.<br /><br />First of all, I admit to being easily entertained when it comes to movies and am not that critical of them usually, and if a movie has ANYTHING going for it at all I usually rate it three stars. To earn a two-star or one-star rating from me a movie really has to be almost incredibly bad with practically no redeeming qualities at all.<br /><br />Unfortunately I have to admit that this movie manages that in spades. If the movie was actually worth watching, the shaky, jerky, amateurish camera work a la the \\"Blair Witch Project\\" and other similar \\"found footage\\" movies might have been forgivable, but in this case just manages to make the increasingly implausible and nonsensical plot and story line even more annoying to watch.<br /><br />&lt;&lt;Spoiler alert!!!>><br /><br />Three astronauts are sent to the moon on a dangerous secret mission without being told by the DOD what they're up against. This makes no sense at all. We know this since the deputy director of defense admits they understood the situation and what happened to the Russian astronauts before the American astronauts arrived.<br /><br />As time goes on (at least the movie does a decent job of building up the suspense, I'll give it that much) the threat is eventually revealed to be a bizarre new life form that looks like ordinary moon rocks--except that they can suddenly sprout legs, climb into your space suit, and eat your face. Horrors.<br /><br />When the you-know-what hits the proverbial fan (hard to do in an airless environment but this movie manages even that) the director tells the two remaining astronauts that they've been contaminated and that they can't be recovered. Really? Maybe they should have told them the Russian astronauts had encountered a deadly threat so that they could have taken steps to protect themselves in the first place.<br /><br />The desolate Lunar landscape is rendered realistically, though, as well as the interior scenes of the landing module. At least that much came off well. But the movie takes a long time to ramp up and once it gets going--basically in the last 30 minutes--it's almost over. Fortunately.<br /><br />As an homage to the sci-fi and horror genre of the 50s and 60s with its cheesy monsters, bad acting, silly plots, and hokey special effects, this movie might be forgivable, but even \\"Plan 9 from Outer Space\\" manages to be entertaining in its bumbling sort of way, which this movie is not. If you're looking for \\"Plan 10 1/2 from Outer Space\\" then this movie might be for you. Otherwise commit it to the depths of space from whence hopefully it will never return--or at least, like Haley's Comet--only once every 76 years. ;-(t they can't be recovered. Really? Maybe they should have told them the Russian astronauts had encountered a deadly threat so that they could have taken steps to protect themselves in the first place.  The desolate Lunar landscape is rendered realistically, though, as well as the interior scenes of the landing module. At least that much came off well. But the movie takes a long time to ramp up and once it gets going--basically in the last 30 minutes--it's almost over. Fortunately.  As an homage to the sci-fi and horror genre of the 50s and 60s with its cheesy monsters, bad acting, silly plots, and hokey special effects, this movie might be forgivable, but even \\"Plan 9 from Outer Space\\" manages to be entertaining in its bumbling sort of way, which this movie is not. If you're looking for \\"Plan 10 1/2 from Outer Space\\" then this movie might be for you. Otherwise commit it to the depths of space from whence hopefully it will never return--or at least, like Haley's Comet--only once every 76 years. ;-(
B005HSG3VK|3.0|This is a pretty good cover although the 'stand' part tends to slid and not hold the weight of the Fire unless you set it just so...but I am glad that I got a cover all in all...
B00092ZMDY|5.0|I always liked the Eagles but after I bought this DVD Concert, I couldn't beleive how  great the sound and video was. This is the best live concert I ever herd. This sounded  better than studio cd. This will be the live concert I will measure all others with. I  will give this 5 stars easy. Please tell me another live concert that measures up to this one  and I will buy it.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|every time I try to get in the screen it never comes on that's why it sucks and I don't get the whole game
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|A lot more features, but what got me was the image quality. It is awesome. There are details on the movie that you can't see on the standard edition and they are clear on the bluray one.
B0058VW36U|5.0|when I bought this game I had no idea what to expect. Would this game be a stupid low quality game? Or would it be a game that would have me spending hours of my free time on the fire? Well as soon as.I opened the app I was instantly thrilled by the graphics quality. The gameplay was even better, with every box (set of levels) giving me new things to use. I strongly.recommend this game to anyone who has not bought it.
B005LAJ16I|5.0|2011 was a great year for television, with lots of established shows doing some of their best work ever.  But in my view, the best thing going on TV was a new show that quickly ascended to the top of the heap, Showtime's sinister psychological thriller HOMELAND.  The central storyline revolves around CIA agent Carrie Mathison, still haunted by the events of 9/11, and her belief that returning war hero Sergeant Nicholas Brody has in fact turned against his country as an al-Qaeda operative.     You know they had to be aiming high with the cast they assembled.  The star is Claire Danes, making a long-awaited return to TV after a decade and a half in Hollywood.  Given Danes' acting résumé, you might expect her to play a straight-laced CIA agent, but this character is anything but.  Her Carrie Mathison is brilliant, fearless, determined, but also reckless, abrasive, unstable, and totally unpredictable.  It's a tremendous piece of casting, as we've never seen Claire in a role anything like this, and you'll be stunned at how great she is here.  Her performance alone makes Homeland a must-see.  Damian Lewis plays the other lead character: Nicholas Brody, a Marine returning home with a lot of baggage after spending eight years in hell as an al-Qaeda prisoner in Afghanistan.  He battles PTSD, struggles to re-integrate with his family who had long assumed he was dead, and.. is Carrie right about him working for al-Qaeda?  No matter which way you're leaning, Damian and the writers go a great job of planting seeds of doubt in your head.  Lewis brings a world-class performance to this role as the mysterious Brody.  The supporting cast is also stellar.  Mandy Patinkin is particularly notable, playing Carrie's mentor, in a role that is less prominent and also more subdued than his usual starring roles.  His subtlety is a great contrast to Claire Danes' out of control intensity.  With all these actors in place, along with superlative directing and writing, Homeland becomes a thriller of the highest order.  Do note that despite the fact that the show was created by \\"24\\" alumni, this is not an action series.  It's smarter, more cerebral and more about the characters.  This is not to its detriment- Homeland is as exciting and suspenseful as anything you'll see.  All I can say is that I was constantly on the edge of my seat, and always left dying to see the next episode.    Season 1 of Homeland gets the highest possible recommendation.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|Great game. played it on my Ally and now play it on my Kindle Fire. It's fun and challenging. The whole family likes to play it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it isn't the best game but it is pretty fun.some of the games don't work. it is a good game.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Nice graphic, fun &amp; easy to use I would suggest solitaire as a good app for any User, any age or skill level.
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|The Lion King is not just one of Disney's best movies but one of \\"The\\" best movies period!  The 3D and 7.1 sound makes for an incredible experience.  If you have a 3D TV, this is a must buy.  Simply beautiful 3D presentation.  Between the picture and sound, you'll be blown away.  Disney did a remarkable job with it.
B005LFQRTC|5.0|This really isn't a review but more of a shout out. I love reading reviews but I've never written any. If you remember the show, then you've made up your mind if you enjoy this or not. If you had been waiting until an affordable, single season release like I had been, then your wait is over. Buying an entire set might be cheaper in the long run but for those of us who can not afford that investment at one time this is a great option. Get it with confidence as it is produced beautifully. I was surprised to see the first three pilot movies as I don't recall there being more than the first. I forgot that Darren McGavin was the \\"Oscar Goldman\\" type character in the first telefilm.  The bonus features are on a separate disc and my favorite was the feature on the show opening sequence.   I hadn't seen these probably since they first aired but remember the show fondly. It will be fun to see how the series evolved over the course of its run. I look forward to getting all the DVD sets as they are released. Thank you Universal Studios!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I installed a wireless access point this week and this app really helped me figure out the best locations for the device  It also helped me figure out which channels to use to prevent interference with other networks Highly recommended
B006JPS1OM|5.0|if u likes &quot;I spy &quot; when u were young and puzzles, you will like this. its a long game but if you have nothing to do its good. great graffics too.
0307959856|3.0|This is a departure from James' normal style. While she is true to the structure of Jane Austin era language, it hampers the expected flow and excitment of a P.D. James mystery. It fades in comparison.  The \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" characters in this story run true to form although shallow and stilted. Still, the book is a very short, readable effort.  It is printed on suitable \\"old style\\" paper, and the cover design is a delight.  I bought this book because it is a P.D. James novel, and while not thrilled, was glad to add it to my library.
B004ECDNJU|2.0|The app ran fine on my EVO 3D. I just found it a little boring and not really my kind of game. You just guide colored balls to their destinations like it says in the description.  Now that I have that out of the way. I hate Amazon Appstore. Amazon Appstore is dumb. I hope it gets abducted by aliens.
B004ECDNJU|1.0|I don't like it. it has a lot of minor bugs.... I would give it 0 stars if I could.
B004GHNIRK|5.0|Format: Kindle Edition  File Size: 2122 KB  Print Length: 218 pages  Page Numbers Source ISBN: 1449565530  I was deeply concerned  about the print length listed for this book... as I was sure that it was unabridged.  The listed ISBN is only for Volume II.  Amazon should fix this as it is very misleading to kindle users.    Otherwise, I just finished it and thought it was fabulous.
B001F6TXME|4.0|This is a great shutter release. It works with auto focus and works for long exposures on my D90. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the cord could be longer. I would recomend this item.
0316056863|5.0|This item was on my wish list and I can't be more thrilled that my friend saw it and gave it to me for Christmas! I love it and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of Tina Fey! My sister has the audiobook and keeps looking at my copy because Tina Fey references some of the pictures in the book. BUY THIS!
B004EPYZXK|1.0|This movie was a complete waste of time and not at all worth watching! It has a stupid plot and a terrible ending.
B004SGWYW4|5.0|I discovered this anime on Youtube and it looked so good I ordered the whole set and yes it is very good ! I publish vampire books but always happy to see a good zombie fight and that is what you will get with this film
0545265355|5.0|I purchased this boxed set for my daughter for Christmas.  The books came timely and in perfect condition.  She and I have both read two out of three of the books already.  I am patiently waiting for her to finish book three.  Good young adult books.
B006BDHAX0|5.0|Never played Mahjong before. This game has taught me how to play as I was curious before. It also works flawlessly on my Asus Transformer tablet.
B005ZUR724|3.0|Update 3: They updated the server again. And now once again it tells me I need to update my game to play, but when I go to Amazon App Store there's no update!! So I can't play it again. Same story as last time. It took them over a week to fix it last time, we'll see how long this time. What I find interesting is I bought it when it was on sale at $0.99 and version 1.0.7. They updated to 1.0.8 on the server side but didn't get the 1.0.8 onto the Amazon App Store for a good week, then I could update it. Now the same situation, but when I look at the app info on Amazon App Store it says version 1.1.0 -- almost like they DO have the new version on here, but it just doesn't want to let me update, it wants to make me buy again. I bought it on sale for $0.99 around Christmas, now I'm wondering if that's throwing off the update system?<br /><br />Update 2: This game ROCKS. It's just like WOW on my Kindle Fire. It runs well, is fun to play, and has a huge world to explore. If you like(d) WOW, you will love this game. My hats off to Gameloft, they've produced a high quality product with this game at a bargain price!<br /><br />Update 1: They've updated it so we can play now! You have to re-download the 680MB that the game needs though. I'll update my review once I finish the download and can actually play the game.<br /><br />Previous review:<br /><br />When you try to create a character and log in, it says you need an update. But there's no update available on the Amazon App Store. They need to either get the update up or stop selling this game, and refund anyone who's purchased this in the last week, because that's how long it's been unplayable. If I had paid full price for this game I'd be demanding a refund or doing a chargeback on my credit card right now. As it is I got it on sale for $0.99 so I'll wait for the update. But until then, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YOU CANNOT PLAY IT.
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|I paid $29.99 for this cover (after my Prime discount).  The plastic is peeling off of the cover and it looks terrible.  I also hate that I can't prop up my Kindle while reading.  Don't let the picture fool you.  I would expect that from something I paid $5.00 for, but not for $30 from Amazon.  I will be returning it on Tuesday.
B003O86FMW|3.0|I recently have had the honor to read The Hunger Games trilogy over the past 3 weeks and I have to say of the 3 books, the first and third are truly the best in the series.  Since there are well over a thousand reviews on this site, I will try to keep my observations simple.  My overarching observation about all 3 books is this:  This is an excellent trilogy and worth reading through the end.  While I have my favorites within the series, all 3 books are well written.  While Catching Fire is getting 3 stars...I'd probably lean closer to 3.5.<br /><br />PROS<br />+  It's a continuation of the Hunger Games universe which is unique, haunting, and creative.  You always want to learn more about the world and the author has done a fine job creating a dystopian universe.<br />+  The writing style is embracing and easy to read.  I felt like I was with Katniss throughout her experience and was really drawn into her world and feelings.<br />+  Lots of twists and turns and a healthy balance of action, romance, and searching for identity.<br />+  Characters continue to evolve while introducing some new ones into the series that are interesting. I grew attached to the new ones.<br />+  I really enjoyed the 'ending' of the book and felt it created some genuine excitement and intrigue that sets up the 3rd book nicely.<br /><br />CONS<br />-  Story line lacks some creativity.  There were a couple moments in the book I was sitting there saying.... really...that's happening?  After having such a fresh approach with the first book I felt there were some retread moments where I felt \\"been there, done that\\".<br />-  The pacing in the book feels disjointed and I felt the book could have been a bit shorter.  Sometimes the author drills the motives of the characters a little too much into the ground in this one.  There were times I felt like I was reading 'filler' to extend the book.  Interestingly enough I thought the 3rd book needed to be longer.<br />-  While I enjoyed the romantic storylines within this book, I actually think the romance element took the trilogy a tad off track.  Let me be clear, I was very engaged in the romantic conflicts that are created in this book and think it was well fleshed out and interesting.  I think the focus on the romance was a tad strong and shifted the focus away from the larger themes the entire trilogy tries to introduce.  I started to feel that the identity of the trilogy was slowly changing from the first book as a result.  With these shifts in focus, it should be noted that people moving from the 2nd to 3rd book may feel a jolt as the 3rd redirects the focus which will still have the romance but not as much.  This could be an issue for those who were more drawn into the romance than the other themes of the book.<br /><br />Overall, Catching Fire is a great book and worth your time to read if you've started the Hunger Games trilogy.  Whether you're a teenager or adult, this is a series worth reading.  I've completed the series and feel a sense of loss that I don't have another  book in the series to read.  The author has created a haunting dystopian world with lots of themes about society and the human spirit.  Catching Fire, while not perfect in my mind, is a continuation of that and continues to paint a vivid world where I feel I've been with Katniss throughout the whole adventure rather than just observing.lines within this book, I actually think the romance element took the trilogy a tad off track.  Let me be clear, I was very engaged in the romantic conflicts that are created in this book and think it was well fleshed out and interesting.  I think the focus on the romance was a tad strong and shifted the focus away from the larger themes the entire trilogy tries to introduce.  I started to feel that the identity of the trilogy was slowly changing from the first book as a result.  With these shifts in focus, it should be noted that people moving from the 2nd to 3rd book may feel a jolt as the 3rd redirects the focus which will still have the romance but not as much.  This could be an issue for those who were more drawn into the romance than the other themes of the book.<br /><br />Overall, Catching Fire is a great book and worth your time to read if you've started the Hunger Games trilogy.  Whether you're a teenager or adult, this is a series worth reading.  I've completed the series and feel a sense of loss that I don't have another  book in the series to read.  The author has created a haunting dystopian world with lots of themes about society and the human spirit.  Catching Fire, while not perfect in my mind, is a continuation of that and continues to paint a vivid world where I feel I've been with Katniss throughout the whole adventure rather than just observing.
B004ECDNJU|4.0|only played a few boards but it seems like a nice/simple game that may keep you on your toes. I like the fact that you can set the speed however you want
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I recently have had the honor to read The Hunger Games trilogy over the past 3 weeks and I have to say of the 3 books, the first and third are truly the best in the series.  Since there are well over a thousand reviews on this site, I will try to keep my observations simple.  PROS  +  Storyline is fresh, intense and gripping.  The author has done an excellent job making you feel you're alongside Katniss in this final chapter of the trilogy.  There were a few times I had a physical reaction based on some of the things I read in this book and that to me is a pure indicator of how well written it is  +  Lots of turns and twists.  This is a wild ride where you will wonder how it will end up until the last page.  While I predicted a couple of the events, I genuinely was surprised with how some other things occurred.  +  The style of writing is engaging and keeps you involved.  I applaud the author on making some of the more mundane parts of the story feel interesting.  +  Characters are very fleshed out at this point and it is amazing to watch them evolve over the course of the trilogy.    CON  +  Biggest Con is the Epilogue.  I won't ruin things for you I promise.  My issue isn't about WHAT happens which I think is some of the source of the more mixed reviews but how rushed it is.  The last few chapters easily could have and should have been fleshed out with 50 more pages but weren't.  I felt like the author ran out of energy and just finished the book without giving the same amount of care  she gave through 98% of the trilogy.  As a result, you as the reader are expected to just take her word for some things.  I think this was a lost opportunity to making this truly an epic conclusion which as resulted in feeling a slightly abrupt ending.  COUNTERPOINT ON SOME CRITICISMS  I've read some interesting reviews on frustration on character development and I wanted to provide a quick response on my thoughts on some reviews I've read.  I will keep this SPOILER FREE  In terms of the character development, I heard some people feel they fell out of love with some of the main characters in this book or were frustrated how they were reacting.  My issue with that though is the fact that given everything that has happened over the last couple of books, I fully expect to see the changes some of the people made in this book and was glad that it was acknowledged.  To be honest, all of the characters in the trilogy have been through hell and back.  The odds continued to mount and the consequences were significantly higher and built up from the previous 2 books.  You can't get through all that without going unscathed.  I think some people wanted people to be 'superheroes' which in my mind they still were but were disappointed with more of the characters limitations and weaknesses revealed.  I feel that giving these people more humanizing qualities allowed me to relate to them and made them true heroes that they were.  Another observation is that I don't think some people appreciate how much of an internal battle can be as intense, if not moreso, than an external battle.  Whereas the first two have more of a balance of action and internal struggles, I would say the battle within is stronger in this one.  I think this rubbed some people the wrong way with how much additional processing was going on internally but I think it is exactly what a person in these circumstances would be facing.  In the first two books, the characters were doing what they were told (more or less).  In this last one, they have to forge their identity for themselves and make decisions without the same structure they had before.  Add in the fact that you're talking about 17-24 year olds who typically are still figuring things out for themselves and conflicted on so many different ways and I think you have a realistic portrayal of characters thrust into some mentally destructive situations.  The only other thing I will say which shouldn't be a spoiler is that the book veers away(not completely) from the thoughts about romance.  If anything, one of my issues with the second book is that I felt it was too focused on the romance conflict going on.  Given the situation and the context, this book puts things in perspective and makes romance take a back seat.  As a result, I think some people who may be more attached to the series for the romantic storylines will be let down by this book.  Not because of what happens but because it is focusing on other elements.  The Hunger Games is not a trilogy about romance unlike some other series books.  Romance is in there, but there are bigger storylines.  Overall I found this to be an excellent entry of the three and, for me, much better than Catching Fire.
B005HSL626|1.0|wont download gets to a certain point and stops, am I the only one having this problem I hope not
0345522478|4.0|Picked up the first book and truely was enthralled with the writing.  A very refreshing view of the \\"mythical\\" creatures that live in our world.  Finished the book in a day and needed to pick up the next two.  Looking forward to the following ones.  Excellent read.
B005O30Y5Y|5.0|Very easy to order. Fast and free shipping. Brand new in package just like the site said. Came with bluray digital copy and DVD.
030788743X|5.0|This is a fun read, and very nostalgic for anyone living in the 80s. This book is super-heavy on the 80's references, but once in awhile delves into late 70s or other properties from the past few decades. It's also heavy on the gaming references which would be very fun for gamers, especially those playing in arcades in the 80s. The OASIS virtual environment is a mashup of the holodeck, the Matrix, and the Cartoon Wars episodes of South Park.  I recommend greatly!
B006O5Y09C|4.0|You're no more than five minutes into this outing from Woody Allen before you know exactly what's going to happen. Partly because Woody has made this movie who even knows how many times. partly because no character fronted as Woody by any actor would marry a woman with the Kurt Fuller father-in-law. Another Woody homage to a city, opening with a series of lovingly, golden-basked shots of the streets of Paris.  OK, you know where it's going, you're not sure exactly how it's going to get there, but you get many fine actors and actresses clearly enjoying themselves portraying famous artists from Paris of the 20s. Marion Cotillard is particularly charming. Adrien Brody's five minutes as Salvador Dali is particularly funny. Somebody needs to make a movie about Gertrude Stein with Kathy bates as lead. Owen Wilson fills the shoes of Woody very, very well, but there's no mistaking the neurotic voice of the man himself.  An enjoyable, charming rhinoceros of a film. Yes, I see a rhinoceros!
B005WY8YZW|1.0|I ordered this CD new, and it was obviously used. The case was cracked in two places and the cd had been removed from the case because the inside was broken. Very disappointed with my order!
0307959856|2.0|I love Jane Austen and some sequels. I also like  PD James. This is a slow, flavorless book. The characters are not sharp and the story is not captivating. Charlotte Collins was a much more enjoyable Austen sequel.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This is the best batman yet guys omg so good can't wait for the next one i wish there were gonna be more
B005V20JKI|5.0|Amazingly addictive. Great gameplay with cool level ups. Spent too much time playing this. :)<br /><br />Do I really need to say this many words to satisfy the minimum word requirement?
B004ECDNJU|2.0|I think at some point it seems like amazon should release a faotd that is actually worth a damn.  To like this game is to have no taste in gaming, and is to accept mediocrity on a machine (kindle fire) that could certainly handle more.  One day maybe amazon will surprise me, but I'm starting to think I'll have sold this thing at that point to salvage value...
B000JMKNVK|5.0|While Mystic River remains my favorite Lehane novel, Prayers for Rain is my favorite in the Kenzie/Gennaro series. As in other novels, it presents a gritty, ethnic view of Boston.  It has a lively plot and develops Bubba Rogowski more as a main character.
B00004SC3M|5.0|A suspenceful movie, with A+ actor Sean Connery and actress Catherine Zeta-Jones at there very best performance. It has a touch of romance, to round out a perfict sequel. Highly recommend this movie.
B004A8ZWWY|4.0|Just saw \\"Tower Heist\\", under protest, at the theater yesterday. (Decision was a product of group think and democracy). Was expecting some radically immature slapstick comedy, and received a pretty dam decent little movie. Funny, with a somewhat dramatic theme. A couple of nice twists, and wow. I was actually kind of impressed. Alan Alda, Matthew Broderick, and the girl from Glee/Big C were all especially interesting characters. Worth a couple hours at the old cineplex if you need to please a large common denominator of diversely inclined people.
B004ECDNJU|2.0|this is an okay game. I wish they had a better free app for the new year. the game can get really boring fast and for a free game,you really shouldn't download this game
0385040253|5.0|This is the complete book on Knots. I studied knots as a 4-H 'er in my youth and I  wish I would have known of Ashley's book back then. I highly aprove of this  volume. It makes you understand the method of tying and the best applications  for the knot. A GREAT BOOK & LIFELONG REFERENCE VOLUME!!!
B005ZUR724|1.0|Keeps asking for a strange nonexistent update great game until that update ill give 5 stars when fixed please fix
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app has given me the freedom and the ability to read the Word of God anywhere, anytime (including off line).
B004MC8CA2|4.0|this is a great app for study and reading. it has trouble when there is no Internet connection, but it is simple and useful otherwise.
B004ECDNJU|1.0|Poor graphics and sound. Levels introduce little new to the challenge. Same garbage on each level just more of it. Uninstalled.
0385344325|5.0|Very interesting to learn about Reacher while he was still serving in the military. Hopefully Lee will give us some additional stories of Reacher while he was still an MP in the Army. I'm sure he could put out a dozen more excellent books by providing us more military history about this larger than life hero. I'd be interested to know more about his career as an MP.
B004478GNI|4.0|He put it together super fast like he seems to with all of these sets. We have trouble finding sets that are more difficult for him. He loves the set though!
1451627289|4.0|I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my son who is a history teacher - and the Kindle version for myself. I was in an American History class when President Kennedy was killed. It seemed appropriate that we read this together. Cleveland winters provide lots of opportunity to read - Looking forward to revisiting history and an inter-generational dialogue. Happy New Year.
1451627289|4.0|Stephen King fans expecting a horror story might be disappointed in his latest doorstopper of a book, 11/22/63, but anyone up for a good story should enjoy it. The story centers on one big what-if question: what if you could travel back in time and prevent the JFK assassination?  Al, the owner of a diner, discovers a \\"time bubble\\" in the stock room that transports him back to the same day in 1958 each time he uses it. After experimenting with changing a smaller event in the past, he has determined that it is possible to change historical events. He also discovers that no matter how many years he spends in the past, when he comes back to the current time, only seconds have passed.  Al is convinced that stopping the JFK assassination will have enough positive ripple effects to make the effort worthwhile. And effort it will take, as Al discovers that while it's possible to change the past, the past is \\"obdurate\\" and throws all manner of obstacles to thwart any effort to change it. Presumably, the bigger the change, the bigger the obstacles. And preventing the assassination of a president would be a pretty significant change. Unfortunately, Al becomes sick (another effort of the past to resist change?) and determines that he won't likely live to see 1963, so he recruits his friend Jake to fulfill his mission.  King does a masterful job of transporting the reader, along with Jake, to 1958 and really captures a sense of what it was like to live during that time. He also captures the glaring difference in the general level of societal innocence and trust in the late 1950's versus 2011 and the advances we've made across areas like women's rights, civil rights, technology.  I had a few minor quibbles with the book, starting with the repetitive use of the word \\"obdurate\\", as in \\"the past is obdurate\\". Not resistant, not obstinate, not stubborn. Obdurate. After a while, it was clear that he was using it as sort of a catch phrase, but the unusualness of the word make it stick out. Also - and I'm trying to avoid spoilers here - he never really fully explains his theory of time travel and the strands created by Al's and Jake's multiple trips through the bubble in Al's diner.  All in all, 11/22/63 was a very enjoyable read and King's exhaustive research into the time, place, and events of 1963 made me feel like I was there.   ~Read in December 2011
B00386EZJU|5.0|The first time I'd ever heard John Powell strike was with his Bourne Trilogy score. Then he strikes even harder her with this beautifully written score that's the best I have ever heard! After watching the movie, I can see each scene clearly on it's musical que. Emotional and fun to listen to, especially See You Tomorrow, Powell delivers a joyride of music that doesn't disappoint. The best track are easily Forbidden Friendship, Test Drive and either Dragon Training or See You Tomorrow. If you appreciate amazing scores for incredible movies, this is a must!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|each mini game is deceptively simple but fun to play and being that many are timed it takes a bit to beat each game.  That said, it is still fun for adults &amp; kids alike.
B004U52VPS|5.0|We bought this game for our 6 year old for Christmas and he has asked to play it everyday so far. He can play it by himself or with us as a family and we all have a good time. Probably one of the best  family games we have bought for quite awhile besides the classics (Monopoly, etc) He likes to play angry birds on the Android, but I like him to play the actual game better. It forces him to slow down, focus and actually be creative which is a HUGE bonus for me! I highly recommend it.
B005ZUR724|5.0|i was worried about the update but it is working perfectly now!!! this is the best game on the kindle fire for sure.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|be sure to download a Bible for the times when you are offline. this is a great Bible app with access to multiple translations .
B000RHKARY|4.0|The CD was according to my expectations  and it arrived before the date I was supposed to get it.  Everything was perfect
B005UG542S|4.0|At least it's over, I did like the ending even though it was a bit lazy and felt a bit rushed. It's worth the money so I say buy are rent it, but get both one and two at the same time. And to add a little bit of a spoiller, the ending was a bit weak for such a well backed movie.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Got this as a Christmas present, and I have not taken it out of the CD player yet... She sounds amazing, as always, and moved me to tears at several points of the recording. Maybe she doesn't sound as \\"perfect\\" as listeners are used to from hearing studio versions, but reviewers saying she didn't sound \\"right\\" baffle me. This is a live performance, and any singer/band performing live will have moments of imperfection. Can you hear a little catch in her voice now and then? Yes. Does it detract from the smoky, sexy fullness and power of her voice? Not in the least. This is an emotional performance for her and it shows. She doesn't miss a note, and she looks incredible. Buy it. Buy it. Buy it!
B004WMKSH2|3.0|If you are going to watch part one, you need to rent or buy part two at the same time, I think it's wrong to make a two parter and leave it as it did in part one, but as we can tell the writers just made this slow moving thing to get kids to pay to watch part two. I can't believe I paid real money to watch this crap.
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|I loved it!  I keep trying to convince people that King is NOT a horror writer. He's a character writer and he writes about what happens, or could happen to people.  I'm so happy with the ending.  I was worried because there were so many possibilities.  I was born in 1964 and reading this took me back to the way things were when I was a child.  Of course, the book is before then, but most of the social and economic problems were still the same. King sets the standard highest again!
0545128285|5.0|This little fairytale book is always fun. Especially if you're a fan of the harry potter series, its neat to read a book that is mentioned in the stories.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|really easy to use especially when I'm at church and need to look up a quick verse. i can look at different bible versions, share on FB, receive daily bible verses and etc. its very handy!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Downloaded this app several times, because it kept disappearing, stopping in the middle of a round and then came on itself overnight sucking up so much power that my phone battery was almost empty- even though it was plugged in charging.  Bye-bye app!!
B0058VW36U|4.0|this app is so fun! yet challenging too! (; i love and enjoy this app. i am addicted to this game. it also makes me upset if i cant beat a level!
B004SUWR2C|4.0|Uno is another game I picked up as Free App of the Day at Amazon. Gameplay is solid with a variety of modes beyond basic rules.<br /><br />First, there are cumulative penalty options that allow the player to thwart a \\"Draw Two\\" or \\"Draw Four\\" with one of their own and pass the draws to the next player. You can challenge \\"Draw Four\\" cards also, which when successful will bounce back on the player who sent it your way. If unsuccessful, you draw six instead of four. Ouch. After two hours of play, I'd estimate the success of challenging around 25%.<br /><br />Another mode is called \\"Jump In,\\" which allows all players to play an exact copy of a card already in play, regardless of whose turn it is. If you are player 1 and player 3 plays a Red 8 and you also have a Red-8 in your hand, you can play this without waiting through player 4's turn. Using \\"Jump In\\" also shifts control of the table to you, so once you place your card, player 2 is up next. The \\"Jump In\\" button disappears fast unfortunately. I missed it a few times. Needs a tweak in future updates.<br /><br />Finally, there's 7-0 mode that will probably drive you crazy. Nothing is worse than calling Uno and being forced to play a 0 that gives your sweet 1-card hand to another player and sticks you with an unlucky player's hand of 15. If you drop a 0-numbered card, all players' hands shift to the next player. If you drop a 7-numbered card you switch hands with the player of your choice. Sometimes you don't have a choice on playing a 7 or 0 and end up in a situation you don't want to be in. Interesting play mode though. I give it that.<br /><br />Tournament play helps you adjust to all the game variations gradually. As you progress, the number of players increases, new modes are introduced, and modes are combined. In the last round, all play modes are in simultaneous effect. It's wild - at least as wild as a game of Uno can get. When you win games, you unlock new backgrounds and character icons. Who doesn't like unlockable content as trophies?<br /><br />Visual design is straight-forward and efficient with enough open space for the variety of background image options. I played on Samsung Epic smartphone in landscape mode (default) and it looked fine.<br /><br />Response time is good, runs smooth, and the game saves progress if you get kicked out for an incoming call. I wasn't sure if it would save. When I was closing the game manually once, it told me I would lose my progress. 15 rounds of tournament is a longer time to play than desired when you're just looking to kill a little time. It auto-saved though, so that's nice.<br /><br />AI seems fair. I never got the feeling the odds were unrealistically stacked against me. My only issue with this game is the card interaction. It's not very responsive and often selects the wrong card. You have to make your motions fairly slow to ensure accuracy.n is straight-forward and efficient with enough open space for the variety of background image options. I played on Samsung Epic smartphone in landscape mode (default) and it looked fine.  Response time is good, runs smooth, and the game saves progress if you get kicked out for an incoming call. I wasn't sure if it would save. When I was closing the game manually once, it told me I would lose my progress. 15 rounds of tournament is a longer time to play than desired when you're just looking to kill a little time. It auto-saved though, so that's nice.  AI seems fair. I never got the feeling the odds were unrealistically stacked against me. My only issue with this game is the card interaction. It's not very responsive and often selects the wrong card. You have to make your motions fairly slow to ensure accuracy.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is a lot harder than I expected, but that is a good thing. I wasn't quite sure what to do on a couple of the games but I figured it out after a few tries. I looked forward to hours of playing time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this was an awesome game.  if your bored and are having trouble figure out wat game u want u should get this game app there are so many games that are so addicting I highly recommend this app.
0345529057|5.0|I really was not sure about the reading length being worth it, but i find it really goes by almost too fast. I missed to series on HBO but plan to catch up soon enough. this was suggested by a friend and I would defiantly advise someone to at least give it the good ol' college try. ;)
B004MC8CA2|5.0|While I have several Bible reading apps I love that YouVersion has Grant Hornet's reading plan which I was already following.  makes it much easier to do so, and like the catch up feature.
159514188X|5.0|When I read Thirteen Reasons Why, I felt as if I had become Clay Jensen. It was like he had moved into my mind and heart. Clay listened to Hannah's tapes with such intensity, quickly moving from one tape to the next. In a similar fashion, I read the entire book in one long evening, soaking in the words and feeling the emotions. When Clay called out to Hannah, it was as though I were right beside him calling out too. When he openly sobbed with despair, so did I. At that point, I was Clay.  At first, Clay is on a mission to understand why he is one of the reasons for Hannah taking her life. He is desperate to know. But, as he listens to Hannah's voice, he realizes that he should stop worrying so much about himself and his image. Perhaps Clay's own involvement is not the only thing that mattered to Hannah. Clay also learns that both actions and in-actions are involved. Sometimes it is not what you do, but what you do not do that matters. It's a chilling message and one that I took to heart. Don't be shy. Someone may be depending on you to speak up.  There is a beauty in the way Jay Asher presents Hannah's story. The spoken words on her tapes overflow with a mix of emotions - despair, love, helplessness, sadness, hope, confusion, elation, anger, frustration, and fear. The beauty lies in the way Hannah brings these jumbled up feelings to life. Since she has already made a decision to kill herself, Hannah has nothing to lose. She doesn't shy away from expressing her true feelings. Every fiber of her being is exposed and laid out without hesitation. As Hannah prepares for death, she finally lives and stands up for herself. That's right, she LIVES.  The incidents leading up to Hannah's suicide were shocking. I'm not saying that because they were all such awful things, but because many of them were actually small things. In fact, there were a few that would hardly even be on my radar as something to get upset about. They were the sort of thing that may hurt your feelings for the day, but then you brush them aside and forget about them the next day. Sort of a forgive and forget type of thing. But this is where I was wrong. Dead wrong.  For Hannah, these small (and large) incidents added up. They were all so intricately joined together, like a spider web of events, each one somehow linked to the others. Jay Asher's genius comes in when Hannah reveals exactly how all these incidents and characters are related. Hannah has clearly been pondering all of this for some time. She has been living in a nightmare and she knows every single detail, every line and connection. Some of the lines are obvious and bold. Others are fuzzy and faint. But one thing is for sure, they are all very real for Hannah. Getting in her mind as she fleshed it all out was devastating.  Despite the depressing subject of suicide, I found hope in Thirteen Reasons Why. It shifted the way I look at things. It's not just about being nice to people. I already know that. It's more about being aware. This message was shining through on every tape. Sometimes it was just a flicker of light and other times it was a blazing sun. But it was always there. Being aware may have saved Hannah's life. Simply being aware may have prevented all the missed opportunities from slipping away.  And trust me, there were so many opportunities to set things right.  But yet, they Just. Didn't. Happen.  Thirteen Reasons Why will stay with me. It will linger like a stray cat that comes by every so often to pay a visit. It will sneak up on me and gently nudge itself against me to remind me about being aware. Oh, and I will welcome these little reminders that what I say and do really does matter. Ultimately, it ALL matters.
B0063IH60K|4.0|especially as a free app, its a great time consumer and very fun and easy to use. love this app!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is the best Bible app I've found. I'm not normally a fan of 'the bandwagon' but this time I'm giving credit where it is due.
B00631VJIC|5.0|loved this c.d, never get tired of listening to it. also it is as good as the series!, order now, you will love it.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|The tiles are too small. Would love to play but the tiles are to hard to see, can not tell the difference in some of the tiles.
B001PPLKI0|5.0|this compilation has all of elvis` gospel tracks. it was bought for my wife and she loves it.  I would buy it again.
B004T0E2S8|5.0|this app is amazing!! I love that once you save a tab as a favorite, you don't need Wifi connection so you can use it anywhere!! It makes me soo happy :)
B004ECDNJU|5.0|works great on kindle fire.  started on slow speed until I got the hang of it. really challenging but not so difficult that you can't win or want to give up.  retries are easy.  just takes good concentration.  well worth the playtime.
B001U0HBQ0|5.0|This is my favorite movie and I think it is an absolute masterpiece.  The soundtrack is impeccable.  The screenplay and storyline move the heart.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|After seeing this DVD, I'm convinced Adele has been Heaven sent! It's like she's the harbinger of all tender souls, singing in a way that purges pent up emotions, leaving behind a glowing feeling that warms you to the marrow. Yes, as some have said, the editing is questionable at times, but the quality (Both sound and picture) is first rate, and anyone that knows anything about \\"capturing light\\", especially during a concert, will tell you the same. Also, as indicated by others, she does tend to curse, but for me, because of when she chose to do so, it just made me love her even more (She's extremely funny!) The bottom line, there is NO ONE like Adele, never has been, and we'll probably never the likes of her again!
B004ECDNJU|1.0|It's just flat out boring... Didn't have fun at all. Tried to push through to see if it was one of 'those games' that got better add you played, but it wasn't.
1451627289|3.0|I feel a little bad - is it really fair to judge Mr King at 3 stars when he has in fact written a 5 star novel?<br /><br />I mean 11.22.63 is a must-read novel, despite being 700+ pages it only drags a couple of times, and contains all the must-have elements, love, loss, action, and apocalypse.<br /><br />But I guess I expected more - once again maybe I'm being unfair to rate a novel lower due to high expectations, but 11.22.63 is an audacious yarn and I think its only fair to treat it as such.<br /><br />So what's up with 11.22.63. Well the blurb tells us all really. Jake Epping goes back in time to prevent the premature death of JFK on said date. Of course things don't go according to plan, the past doesn't much like being changed, and the future responds in a passive-agressive manner to having any dramatic shifts in the time-line.<br /><br />The prose is crisp, and there are plently of twists - so why do I only rate 3 stars? I hope it isn't spoiler to say that part of the plot is revealing the effects of letting JFK live, however Mr King treats this part of the story as a mere afterthought one that is althougher too easy to rectify. Maybe I'm a sap for expecting another few hundred pages to this novel, and I understand that the focus of the story was actually more about the personal journey of Epping - but I just felt like I was reading Time Traveler's Wife Lite.<br /><br />So 11.22.63 is a great novel, but doesn't quite reach the potential lurking just beyond the 700 page storyline.
B005MYEQ4U|4.0|I knew I would love it and I did.  The cinematography was superb.  Paris never looked better. The music is divinely perfect.  The time-journeying cast of characters, well, really impressive names here - are fun and   wonderfully dressed for the part.  I hadn't paid earlier attention to the story line - because I knew if it's set in Paris, it's for me.  Well, everything is  grand with one exception.  That being Owen Wilson cast in the Gill Pender role.  Owen Wilson - an actor he is not - it's painful watching him trying to create himself correctly for the scene.  He, being cast for the role, can only be compared to \\"there was no-one else available\\" or, simply, the dumbing-down of what Hollywood can do to an American film - not to mention viewers.  I gave it 4 Stars because everything else played out superbly.  Imagine how perfect the film would have been - with a talented actor playing the lead role.  I understand, comprehend, the quirkiness of Woody Allen - but Owen Wilson is embarrassingly dumb for a film set in Paris!  He pretty much ruins it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great app I love it everybody should get it! amazing get it don't think about it! you get 100 games plus 16
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is the only game that I have that is liked by everyone who has played it. I am always excited to see new updates.
B005HSL626|5.0|this game is sooooooooo f-u-n this game really earns 1billion star  to the gamemakers: I wish I would have thought of this I'm havin good idea envy /
B006BDHAX0|1.0|I was hoping the other reviews were wrong, but this does freeze. I did not even make it through the first game. Too bad, because the graphics and user interface are good.
B004LROUNG|1.0|I've read all of Grisham's novels. This is the worst one. The last decent book he wrote was The Last Juror. I think he's pretty much just phoning it in now, trading on his name. The plot is ridiculous, the pacing is so slow. There's no excitement, no big buildup, nothing. If it had been his first effort, I could understand. But after 20+ books, one expects better.
B004LWZW42|4.0|X Men-First Class(released June/11)stars a great ensemble cast of actors,combined with a well written and fast paced script,topped off with great S/Fx.It all adds up to great fun and action and there is rarely a dull moment in the picture.This film may not follow the time lines of the comics but it does follow pretty well the X Men movie \\"bible\\" up to this point.<br />In this prequel story,we learn the beginnings of the X men.It all starts with Magneto and his experiences as young Erik,a Polish Jew,being separated from his mother.During the struggle he rips open a heavily locked gate and he is taken to the office of one Dr.Schmidt(Kevin Bacon).Herr doctor wants the youngster to lift a German coin off of the desk before the count of three,or he threatens to shoot his mother.He is too young to fully understand the nuances of his power,and he can only use it under extreme duress.The count of three comes and his mother is shot dead.This of course incites his rage and his power,which he uses to neutralize the Nazi guards and destroy an adjacent medical room.Schmidt is overjoyed and leads the youngster away to experiment on him further.<br />Fast forward to the early 1960s and a young Xavier(James McAvoy),a brilliant university student doing a thesis on mutation and very much the psychic and mutant himself,meets up with a young shape shifter Raven(Jennifer Lawrence).He takes her under his charge.Meanwhile a grown up Erik(Mike Fassbender)is seeking out the doctor(Kevin Bacon) for revenge,in Argentina;a common hiding place of ex-pat Nazis.He runs into two of Schmidts friends,dispatches them and gets a clue as to his whereabouts aboard a ship somewhere.<br />The outside Cold war is heating up.The U.S.has placed missiles in Turkey,which has prompted the USSR to place missiles in Cuba.The U.S.then puts up a blockade around Cuba,and the world stands on the brink of potential global annihilation.But someone is pulling the strings in the background to achieve a head to head confrontation,and it is Dr Schmidt himself,also a mutant,who has a cadre of other mutants working with him.Xavier and Raven come to the attention of the CIA and they are secretly recruited to help the U.S.fight this newest threat.<br />Xavier manages to locate Schmidt in his submarine,but at the same time Erik has also found him and is attempting to stop the sub Schmidt travels in,underwater.Xavier jumps in and saves Erik and both start to work together to get Schmidt.In fact they search the world looking for mutants and find quite a few to recruit.Watch for a brief but amusing appearance by Hugh Jackman as the Wolverine.Time and circumstance however will divide the two's line of thought about mutants and their place in the natural order of things.<br />It all comes hurriedly down to the sea blockade of Cuba where Soviet and U.S.ships are at a stand off.A Soviet ship,under Schmidts influence,is attempting to run the blockade and the U.S. is seconds away from blowing it out of the water and starting WW3.Two events occur to prevent this.First Xavier mind controls a Soviet officer on the bridge to fire one of its missiles which is deflected back to the ship itself,destroying it before it can cross the blockade line.Secondly,Erik literally lifts Schmidts sub out of the water and onto dry land.All this is plain view of the U.S. and Soviet naval forces.<br />On land Erik finally confronts and gets his revenge on the doctor.The naval forces of both sides then fire a heavy salvo of missiles onto the beach,but Magneto stops them with his power.However he turns the missiles back to the ships,despite pleading from Xavier not to.During a struggle to distract Erik from getting the missile to their points of origin,Xavier is accidentally shot in the spine with a bullet.Magneto immediately extracts the bullet from Xavier but it is too late,he is paralyzed from the waist down.It is from this point on that Erik and Xavier diverge philosophically regarding their place in the human hierarchy. Xavier believes they will and should live WITH humans while Erik,now called Magneto,believes the mutants will be a source of contention for humans and that the mutants should strike back and rule the human race.They part enemies.The film ends as Xavier opens a school for mutants in a secret location and Erik breaks a mutant previously captured,who worked closely with Dr Schmidt,out of CIA headquarters.<br />The action in this film is really non stop and all the cast does a magnificent job in their respective roles.The film conveniently centres around some actual events of the early 60s and seamlessly blends them into the plot.I was surprised to see Kevin Bacon in the movie,who I thought brought alot of depth to his role as Schmidt.<br />Technically speaking the film is in its original a/r of 2:35:1 and is clear and crisp.Extras include three featurettes on the film.<br />A highly recommended film in the X men franchise.I dare say this might be arguably,so far,the best film yet!<br /><br />*You may be surprised that I was surprised to see Bacon in the film.So with your permission,here is a brief insight into how I review movies.Unless I actually see the film in theatres(which these days is extremely rare),I have NO preconceived notions or any ideas of the films plot and I NEVER follow any trade papers or press on newly released movies.So when I get a DVD to review,it is without any outside influences and I'm seeing it for the first time.That way I can say that I am truly writing from MY heart and head,not someone else's.My opinion will not always jibe with another reviewer but that is not my concern.Just as long as we all can form some kind of a consensus,and inform conscientiously,so that a customer can make an informed decision on their part,then our roles as reviewers here on Amazon will have not been for naught.y will and should live WITH humans while Erik,now called Magneto,believes the mutants will be a source of contention for humans and that the mutants should strike back and rule the human race.They part enemies.The film ends as Xavier opens a school for mutants in a secret location and Erik breaks a mutant previously captured,who worked closely with Dr Schmidt,out of CIA headquarters.  The action in this film is really non stop and all the cast does a magnificent job in their respective roles.The film conveniently centres around some actual events of the early 60s and seamlessly blends them into the plot.I was surprised to see Kevin Bacon in the movie,who I thought brought alot of depth to his role as Schmidt.  Technically speaking the film is in its original a/r of 2:35:1 and is clear and crisp.Extras include three featurettes on the film.  A highly recommended film in the X men franchise.I dare say this might be arguably,so far,the best film yet!  *You may be surprised that I was surprised to see Bacon in the film.So with your permission,here is a brief insight into how I review movies.Unless I actually see the film in theatres(which these days is extremely rare),I have NO preconceived notions or any ideas of the films plot and I NEVER follow any trade papers or press on newly released movies.So when I get a DVD to review,it is without any outside influences and I'm seeing it for the first time.That way I can say that I am truly writing from MY heart and head,not someone else's.My opinion will not always jibe with another reviewer but that is not my concern.Just as long as we all can form some kind of a consensus,and inform conscientiously,so that a customer can make an informed decision on their part,then our roles as reviewers here on Amazon will have not been for naught.
B005V20JKI|3.0|Why isn't the game updated to the newer christmas version with new characters and levels? The game crashes when I switch back to it from another application.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use evernote every day for work, personal use and studying Spanish.  I am gradually moving all my important stuff to evernote, especially anything I might need to access away from home.
0679720200|3.0|Let me begin by saying upfront that I can't comment on the quality of the translation. I have not read other translations, nor have I read the original French.  While I read \\"The Stranger\\", I had mixed feelings through out. At times, I was eager to continue reading. At other times, the plot seemed to drag. The thing I realized is that this is a philosophy book in the form of a novel. This is Camus' way of explaining his absurdist philosophy that as much as we try to ascribe meaning to our lives, there is none. This is a good book to reinforce the idea that we are all going to die eventually, so we better make the most of our lives today. I'm not sure if that's what the author was trying to convey, but that's what I took away. I feel like the bulk of the message comes in the last chapter and Mr. Camus would be more effective in explaining his philosophy in an essay rather than a novel. But \\"The Stranger\\" is an entertaining read worth the price.  On a side note, I also purchased the audio book read by Jonathan Davis. I could not even finish listening to the first chapter. I tried to read along, but couldn't handle it. He read so slowly and had so many awkward pauses in between sentences. I don't recommend the audio book.
B001E45XT4|5.0|These headphones are great quality. They keep sound out and don't require a usb port, so you can use them as normal headphones as well as a gaming set. They got here relativley quickly as well.  Pros:  Great sound quality  Look great  No Usb port required  No Pressure on head  Ajustable size  Cons:  Squeeze ears a bit  Difficult to wear glasses with them on  \\"Headphone Hair\\"
B004XWLN20|4.0|I loved this show growing up i think i was in the 6th grade when it first started, not long after that 9/11 happened. I loved re-watching this series and might watch it again next year, The DVDs were packaged better then i expected and only a few were scratched,(only reason for 4 stars instead of 5) but all played with no problems i was half expecting to have the nightmare of the Stargate SG-1 complete box set where almost all the disc came so scratched that they didn't play. This purchase was well worth the money for me and will be for anyone who loved the show growing up.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I got this book on a recommendation from a few friends and I must say once I started reading it I could not stop.  I was wanting more even when i finished the third book. I would recommend these to anyone who loves to read.
B006BDHAX0|3.0|The first three minutes of the game is fine but then all of a sudden it shut down. uninstalled from my kindle fire but will keep in cloud in case they fix the bugs.
B0063GORYU|5.0|this is a very easy to use and great app to play. I was able to pick up learning the game very quickly! !
B005HSL626|5.0|This is an awesome, to me it's better than Angry Birds.It works great on my kindle.Best part is that it is FREE :)
B000JVRPUI|5.0|I had a hazy recollection of advanced electronic music for the time when this movie came out, and so when I stumbled on this DVD when surfing I bought it. I am blown away by the package I received at such a low cost, and also the very fast delivery. This must be the best value for money I struck in 2011.
B004ECDNJU|3.0|Permissions aren't bad, gameplay is smooth and concept is well executed. For free, it's worth the download. I probably won't keep it for long, but for now it's fun.
B000OLRM2O|1.0|I went in wanting it like this movie, I really did. For the record, I'm a white woman, and I really like the \\"Rocky\\" films. Having been assaulted by my former partner, I knew exactly how Stallone's character felt when he said \\"the next morning's the worst,' and I can sure attest to that. I watched all six movies while locked into a hyperbaric chamber twenty times over the course of a month, from the metabolic holes in my head from the abuse on SPECT scan.., a very expensive month, too, since insurance paid for NONE of it. Which was well over 7,500. And I have good insurance! I was landed on my head by my hair onto a tile floor. You can see in the SPECTs right where I hit the floor. In answer to your question, no, they do the 'nice guy bit' until they think they have you, and then they start to turn on you in what starts out looking like 'just a bad day.'No abusive man goes out with a woman he wants to impress and calls here a horrible name at dinner on their first date, and slaps her in the face, it's more like the frog boiling to death in the gradually heated water. A frog won't sit in boiling water, he jumps out!<br /><br />So, my personal experience correlates to the humble, nice guy in a bad spot--ie Rocky. Who if you'll notice gets his butt kicked by bigger and bigger guys in each film. I could relate to that, also. I can't stand arrogance, \\"I'm the greatest\\" never fails to bother me. Because it's naive, someone, especially in sports, will eventually win out over you. I didn't like this character. Arrogance doesn't seem to be a Muslim value, is it? Note in the second Rocky movie, Paulie suggests that if Adrian was acting up, knock her teeth out. Rocky says, \\"Well, you know I kinda like her teeth where they are.' You never specifically hear an anti domestic abuse message in the movies.<br /><br />I dislike movies where the sex is gratuitous, namely because it gives people the idea that you can use people and have no consequences, when that's not at all the case. I don't like when women are like Kleenex, disposable and replaceable. I got that from the trailer alone, and I wasn't looking forward to the movie for that.<br /><br />Even in the later films when Rocky did the 'homeboy' thing, which struck me as odd, considering he's a white boy, and it's bizarrely out of place on someone who had to be 45 at the time of the movie. I put up with it, because there were some nice scenes, even as far gone as \\"Rocky Balboa,' the scenes where they do the Adrian tour, and that he didn't just hop into bed with that girl. even the meat locker scene about the 'stuff in the basement' was interesting.<br /><br />Part of why the character was an icon is because he gave a lot of people someone to emulate, and to look up to, which you sure don't get here. I wish you did. I was sincerely hoping for it. Remember, the original film was in 1976, when I was small, and the country needed someone to have as their hero.  Vietnam was just wrapping up, the muscle cars were pretty much gone, a casualty of combined astronomical gas prices, and insurance. We didn't have a heck of a lot to look forward to as a country.<br /><br /> I wish this could have given us another icon or character to emulate and admire.<br /><br />I love the Rocky films because I was sincerely hoping for that here, a sincere, honest man, just trying to do his best, who loved his wife sincerely, wasn't treating her like a stray dog you can kick as you choose (and I love dogs)  and wasn't cheating on her with every woman in sight, full of skeeze we don't really need to see. He couldn't even beat guys up as a 'collector.' Frankly, I hope we get a chance to someday see another character like that again. But then, it's only been 36 years!  Also, Burgess Meredeth was brilliant as the old trainer.<br /><br />I only had those hope for this movie. I'm sorry I was disappointed.women are like Kleenex, disposable and replaceable. I got that from the trailer alone, and I wasn't looking forward to the movie for that.   Even in the later films when Rocky did the 'homeboy' thing, which struck me as odd, considering he's a white boy, and it's bizarrely out of place on someone who had to be 45 at the time of the movie. I put up with it, because there were some nice scenes, even as far gone as \\"Rocky Balboa,' the scenes where they do the Adrian tour, and that he didn't just hop into bed with that girl. even the meat locker scene about the 'stuff in the basement' was interesting.   Part of why the character was an icon is because he gave a lot of people someone to emulate, and to look up to, which you sure don't get here. I wish you did. I was sincerely hoping for it. Remember, the original film was in 1976, when I was small, and the country needed someone to have as their hero.  Vietnam was just wrapping up, the muscle cars were pretty much gone, a casualty of combined astronomical gas prices, and insurance. We didn't have a heck of a lot to look forward to as a country.   I wish this could have given us another icon or character to emulate and admire.  I love the Rocky films because I was sincerely hoping for that here, a sincere, honest man, just trying to do his best, who loved his wife sincerely, wasn't treating her like a stray dog you can kick as you choose (and I love dogs)  and wasn't cheating on her with every woman in sight, full of skeeze we don't really need to see. He couldn't even beat guys up as a 'collector.' Frankly, I hope we get a chance to someday see another character like that again. But then, it's only been 36 years!  Also, Burgess Meredeth was brilliant as the old trainer.   I only had those hope for this movie. I'm sorry I was disappointed.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|This was a Christmas present for my son.. he is thrilled with the connector. Does exactly as is advertised. [[ASIN:B003K1EYM6 Apple iPad Camera Connection Kit (MC531ZM/A)]]
B006OOHYIC|5.0|love this challenging game which requires thinking ahead like Chess...calming music plays along the way as well as hints if one gets stuck
B0063IH60K|4.0|The app works fine and you can't beat the price!!!? If what you're looking for is a boredom buster, you've found the right app.
B005WTR4ZI|5.0|Every year I have a few books which remake my fundental view of the world. This is one of them. I was blown away with the message, but also appreciated how its delivered. The book is short, precise, and engaging. The writing should make sense to anyone with a college degree, regardless of subject. For those who are trying to understand world trends in technology, economy, or education, I suggest reading this book. Its a 2 hour read and will hopefully change your view of the world.
0316069884|5.0|This book was a Christmas present.  It arrived promptly and in excellent condition.  I am not the one reading the book, so cannot comment on content.
B004H4XI5O|5.0|I enjoyed the books subject and also its writing style. The author does a good job of bringing the narrative back and forth across a rich but largely unknown legacy within our culture. At the same time, his own story shows the promise available to almost anyone: we can all do this. If for nothing else, I would read the book just to have learned the catch phrase of \\"okay plateau\\". We'll see what else comes from the author, but this Freshmen effort makes me think of Malcom Gladwell.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|used to have flaky cloud sync capability before. not anymore!  currently doing &quot;Bible in 00 days&quot; plan. very nice. great work!!!
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I think this app is great to take down notes with! You can change the color of the notepad you write on too! It also notices phone numbers, email addresses and web links. You can also create checklists with this app.
B0056CUZRA|4.0|This is one of the best books of Ken Follet, who is a great story teller and makes historical events interesting for those with little perspective. Although there are some \\"Wow\\" moments that are more of deliberate conclusion by author than coincidence, the majority of the books go with plausible plot. for more than 1000 pages and a great historical fiction book, $13 price is justifiable and totally worth it.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I love killing the pigs and seeing what the different birds do when you tap on the screen! The only downside is there are quite a few ads that will pop up throughout the game and they do tend to get annoying.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Wonderful easy to use game of solitary for the DROID x.  No complaints from myself or my wife.  Take the time to download if ur wanting a good game.
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|Too many pigs, almost impossible to kill them all with the amount of birds given to you. The graphics are a nice touch but overall I don't really like this app.
0321811984|5.0|I have been reading Garr Reynold's Presentation Zen blog even before the first book came out. Getting Presentation Zen (The Book) was just the next logical step, since it provides all that useful information you can find on the website in a structured, readable, and easily accessible way. Four years and another two books ([[ASIN:0321668790 Presentation Zen Design]] and [[ASIN:0321704452 The Naked Presenter]]) later, there is now a second edition of the original Presentation Zen book. What can we expect from it?<br /><br />What's new?<br /><br />It's somewhat ironic that the first testimonial in the book states that \\"it's often the slim books that have the most impact\\" when the second edition of Presentation Zen is noticeably thicker than the first. 60 additional pages or 25% more, to be exact.<br /><br />At a first glance, there are still the same 5 sections as in the first edition:<br /><br />1. Introduction<br />2. Preparation<br />3. Design<br />4. Delivery<br />5. The Next Step<br /><br />On closer inspection, the Delivery section has gained an additional chapter, The Need for Engagement, which accounts for about half of the additional pages. The rest are distributed over the other chapters, some of which gained a few more pages that way. Most of those changes are subtle and you often won't notice them unless you compare both editions side by side. References to iPads and Prezi (both of which only came out after the first edition) or photos from TEDxTokyo 2011 are also signs of a discreet update. You'll also find content that Garr published on the Presentation Zen blog during 2011, e.g. from an article on the power of faces.<br /><br />The Need for Engagement, the new chapter, picks up some thoughts from [[ASIN:0321704452 The Naked Presenter]], Garr's third book. In fact, it very much resembles chapter 4, Engage with Passion, Proximity, and Play from that book in that it talks about emotions, mirror neurons, and the need to remove barriers. It's not a straight copy, though, but the same ideas re-explained.<br /><br />Obviously, this second edition of Presentation Zen is not a radical rewrite but a careful update. Things have been made clearer or explained in more detail where necessary, new content has carefully been injected where appropriate. If you know the first edition, it still feels like the same book and you're only left wondering if some specific nugget is really new or if you've overlooked it the last time you read the book. I seem to remember Garr stating that \\"It's the same book, only better\\" or words to that effect. That about sums it up.<br /><br />What's old?<br /><br />All subtle and more obvious changes aside, Presentation Zen is still THE book to read on modern presentation design and delivery. Presentation Zen is an approach, not a method or blueprint that you have to follow slavishly. The idea is to create and deliver the best possible presentation for your specific audience. And while that obviously means more work in preparation, Garr provides the encouragement that it's worth it if you want to really reach your audience. The Presentation Zen book contains all that you need to make this happen, backed up with scientific evidence where needed and supported with real-life examples. On top of that, it's easy to read and Garr's passion for his topic and his roots in Zen come across as honest without resorting to superlatives or over-the-top wording that plague so many nonfiction books by American authors. It's a joy to read and encourages you to give the Presentation Zen approach a try. What more can you expect?<br /><br />The Verdict<br /><br />What has been true for the first edition is even more so for the second one: If you're only going to buy one book about presentations, this should be it. It will provide you with all the necessary guidance for creating great, effective, and memorable presentations. When I'm working on a new presentation, I often open up the book at a random page and start reading.It always helps to either reinforce an aspect I was already working on or reminds me of something I need to think about. In other words, it's a great source of inspiration, even 4 years after its first publication and after having re-read it (in whole or in parts) numerous times.<br /><br />The second edition feels more \\"complete\\" now, by which I mean that the extra pages all add useful information and don't feel bolted on. The only downside, I guess, is that there's less need for buying The Naked Presenter now - but that's Garr's (and his publisher's) problem, not yours ;-) This, I guess, also answers the question what you should do if you already own the first edition. If you already have the first edition and The Naked Presenter, there's probably no need to rush and buy the second edition - unless your copy is beginning to fall apart from heavy use. But if you held back from buying Presentation Zen until now - don't wait any longer. Your audience will be grateful.It always helps to either reinforce an aspect I was already working on or reminds me of something I need to think about. In other words, it's a great source of inspiration, even 4 years after its first publication and after having re-read it (in whole or in parts) numerous times.<br /><br />The second edition feels more \\"complete\\" now, by which I mean that the extra pages all add useful information and don't feel bolted on. The only downside, I guess, is that there's less need for buying The Naked Presenter now - but that's Garr's (and his publisher's) problem, not yours ;-) This, I guess, also answers the question what you should do if you already own the first edition. If you already have the first edition and The Naked Presenter, there's probably no need to rush and buy the second edition - unless your copy is beginning to fall apart from heavy use. But if you held back from buying Presentation Zen until now - don't wait any longer. Your audience will be grateful.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is the best Bible app I've used on any platform. Easy to use, powerful, lots of great features and it's FREE!
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|I had this book on my price drop watchlist, and as soon as it went down to $9.99, I snatched it up.  Then I read the reviews again.  Where did all these 1-stars come from.  With a bit of trepidation, I started reading.<br /><br />OK,this book has a leisurely pace.  There are bits of action surrounded by huge swaths of character development, history, and description.  There is romance, but of the passionate, romantic, not overly naughty variety versus the passionate, bodice ripping, down 'n' dirty variety. (Thank you Ms. Harkness!!)  These characters truly love each other and don't waste time with the whole should-I-trust-him, what-if-she-this, what-if-he-that, etc that turned me off of romances in the first place.  Two strong willed characters can be attracted to each other without fighting the entire time.  (Again, Thank you Ms. Harkness!!)  Hey, if this is true love and meant to be, then just get along already!<br /><br />One other thing I truly appreciate about this book is that it's intelligent!  I don't mind mindless action once in a while, but this story weaves together the supernatural (witches, daemons, vampires) with science and DNA and actual reasons why this supernatural stuff can exist in a world alongside physics.  The world building was extremely well thought out.<br /><br />So, if you like your pacing light speed, your action explosive, and your romance explicit, then maybe this story won't work for you.  If you want a well thought out story with fully fleshed out characters and an intriguing (albeit leisurely paced) plot, then you should give this a try.  I only gave 4 stars because the pacing really was a little slow in parts - it worked most of the time for me because there were character development reasons for some of the slower bits, but still...<br /><br />I'm really looking forward to the sequel!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app I have it on my blackberry as well. Get closer to JESUS!  You wont get bored with this app
B0063IH60K|5.0|nice to be able to customize the look and choose whether to get a random deal or a winning hand
B005JE7WKI|5.0|I rented this simply because Alan was in it.  Now..... well now I have to own it!!  I laughed so hard I nearly wet 'em!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|omg this. game is so adicting I mean there are so many games to choose from and some are hard Wich makes it fun!
B004EPZ084|3.0|The movie was decent - far fetched storyline, but funny.  How can it not be funny with this cast?  All in all, a fun film.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is just a great entertaining game. I love it. I play it all the time and win all the time.
B00164KYV4|4.0|I'm a sucker for romantic comedies - this one has the romantic comedy draw and the drama aspect.  Star-studded cast.  Good for a girl's night in.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy, quick, auto finish.  I got this for free so it was worth it.  Awesome time killer.  I highly recommend this.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|So... I had a push-and-pull relationship with this book. I had heard so much about this book that I just had to get it. But i have huge collection of unread books and this wasn't at the top. However after several months i finally convinced myself to pick it up. 5 days ago, in the morning, I did, i've read barely half page and something came up, so i had to put it down. Then later, i started again from the beginning, i've read 2 pages and someone interrupted me...again. I was like, \\"GOD! The big daddy up there doesn't want me to read this bloody book...\\" . 2 days ago i picked up again, logged out from everywhere, turned on my instrumental music (ya, usually i listen instrumental musics -Two Steps from Hell, Immadiate Music, Brand X Music - while i read books.) and started to read from the 2nd page. In about 8 hours i finished and was stunned. I can say, that i'm addicted to the story, the charaters, the world of Hunger Games.<br /><br />There are No POV changes in this book. All first person present from Katniss. Which was a little bit weird for me, because i think (if my memory works fine this time...) this was the first story told by first person present i've ever read. But i quickly got used to it.<br /><br />What I liked:<br />I absolutely loved the story of this \\"World\\".<br />How the Hunger Games work. Every little detail, rules, featured events.<br />The characters. Even the minor characters has something in them what makes you can not forget them.<br />There isn't an easy solution for every problem. They have to fight for it. They have to suffer for even a minute rest.<br />Lots of ACTION!! Yes i'm an adrenaline junkie, so bring it on baby!!<br /><br />What i didn't like:<br />There was one thing, i didn't like. Katniss talking about the same thing over and over. And after several times i got tired of it, that i had to read about it AGAIN.<br /><br />OVERALL: I'm so so so happy that i've read this book. This is one book worth reading. I was afraid that the slowness at the beginning will be annoying and exhausting, but no. I really liked the story, so it turned out well. You know my favourite genre is in between the Urban Fantasy and the Paranormal romance, and i think this was the second (i have no idea what was the 1st...) Dystopia book i've read. And i just falling in love with this genre. I'm looking very much forward to read Catching Fire.I really liked the story, so it turned out well. You know my favourite genre is in between the Urban Fantasy and the Paranormal romance, and i think this was the second (i have no idea what was the 1st...) Dystopia book i've read. And i just falling in love with this genre. I'm looking very much forward to read Catching Fire.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I purchased these two weeks ago to monitor with my electronic drum kit. The sound of the kit really comes to life with these headphones. I had a pair of $30.00 no namers which worked ok, but the low end was lost on them. With the Sony MDR-7506 the lows are clear and crisp with a great presence. All the drums sing now! Not sure Ill ever play through my amp again.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|A must have for spitual development! So many plans and versions to choose from. Easy to stay kn the Word using this app. A must have!
B0000AK7AB|5.0|Love the movie, this is a fun and a safe movie for children and adults to watch together to spend some quality time. Using real animals gave the movie a fun twist when they would talk. With funny parts, and a nice ending, this movie made us all happy.
B003CN4R74|5.0|I am a huge Evanescence fan. My boyfriend bought this for me for Chrstmas...I love it!!!! The new album is a bit deeper and doesn't have the Amy Lee & piano solos like Fallen, but she still reaches down and you can feel the emotion of her music through the band and her voice. Completely Satisfied~
0385344325|5.0|Lee Child has long been one of my favorite authors and his latest Jack Reacher book is hard to put down. I hope that Mr. Child has plans for many more Reacher works bouncing around in that talented head of his. I remain a loyal fan. If you have not tried a Lee Child book yet please do so. You will be hooked. I now pre-order because I KNOW I will not be disappointed. Good reading, SFC Retired Bill Hurley, US Army Infantry.
B005V1WZ10|5.0|awesome!!!! Glad I got it just in time...It was a christmas gift for my boyfriend and we both enjoy it!
B004U52VPS|5.0|I paid $30 for this item. One week later, before receiving the Amazon order, I saw it in Target for $15.99. I assumed I would receive a larger or deluxe version of the game for that price. Nope. Ripped off.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love this game, fun to pass the in waiting rooms and any time you need to chill for a minute.  free is also a plus, would recommend to all.
B004ECDNJU|1.0|The app worked quickly and all that, but i deleted it after a few minutes because it was to simple for my liking
B006H8BIIM|5.0|I did not expect much when I saw the low price, but I have been pleasantly surprised by all the features and the way the upgrade system is set up. Only a few canpign levels in, and already been playing off and on for three hours! Definatly worth the cost.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Best Bible app on Android and iOS - 4 star rating only because it has issues when no data connection - even when tring rto use offline downloaded versions - happens on my phone and iPad
B00493E1GI|3.0|It is a fun travelogue and quest as Elizabeth (Julia Roberts) leaves her familiar world to spend time eating, praying and learning to love again.  I admired the character's willingness to leave the conventional and explore the world - do something different and get out of her rut after her marriage failed.  Enjoyed the book more, but it was fun to see it come to colorful cinematic life. 3.5 stars
B005OK721G|3.0|I liked this movie b/c it is not the norm...Hispanic female in an unconventional role and she kicks...__________!!!! It was like Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo (Norway) , Bourne, MI, and others of this genre all meshed together, but the unique twist of the female protagonist. I liked it. Not for those opposed to violence, so be warned.
0307891372|4.0|I bought this book for my son for Christmas as it was on his Amazon wish list.  The first half of the book has a lot of useful information which is organized very well.  He wanted the book to look at how the game was designed mechanically.  The second half of the book is dedicated to a walk-through of each location in the world which he felt was unnecessary.  He would have rather had more statistics, more thorough descriptions of the perks system.  However, there were some really cool elements to it like the world map of this world Skyrim which was included.  You can tear the map out of the book and display it on your wall he said. Another feature he liked were the walk-throughs of the quest lines. In sum, he was pleased with the gift.
B00007GZR5|4.0|Love this movie. I was glad it was shipped fast and was in great condition. Nothing wrong and it was a good price.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I can spend far too much time trying all possible combinations. if you are determined you can solve most games, therefore, addi active.
1575666286|5.0|I bought this book after watching the documentary on Netflix. Now I juice to stay cancer free. This is the type of stuff that big medical does not want you to know. Juicing and staying informed helps stay healthy and off of drugs that are in turn toxins. Cancer is caused by toxins remove the toxins and your body will heal its self.
B004SRB2EY|5.0|This baroque album of Vivaldi arias is a truly outstanding account of the Red Priest's outputs.<br />Ms. Stutzmann, whom I hitherto heard in lieder performnances, gives a truly wonderful interpretation (not just performance, as she also conducts her own ensemble the ORFEO 55).<br />Stutzmann's voice is one of the most interesting low voices of this era, along with Sara Mingardo.  The timbre is bright and dark at the same time, full and rich yet also lyrical and light.<br />Alongside with the great counter-tenor Kochen Kowalski, the voice of Stutzmann represents an ideal voice type as interpretative vehicle of the baroque low voices.<br />This album, however, is not only beautifully 'sung', but also carefully 'produced'.  Apart from being fully alert stylistically, the singer-conductor chose a programme that lends great listening continuity and stylistic cohesiveness, as well as wonderful blend between vocal and instrumental pieces. Such would not be possible for the less musically intelligent!<br />Upon repeated listenings, I am convinced that this album is truly one of the most outstanding vocal outputs in the year 2011!
B0055SWM08|5.0|What else to say? The music is very relaxing. Which is nice while doing a puzzle game. Works perfect on my Kindle Fire.
1596177373|2.0|First off, very poor quality card stock makes this nothing more than a novelty deck.  It is not playing quality, it is not magic quality, the quality is only good enough for glancing at the cards on occasion.  Next, the artwork.  There are only six unique artworks.  The two jokers, ace, and face cards have art, but the same art shows up for each suit.  The art is also little more than doodle quality... something that might have ended up being drawn on the corner of a notebook page.  Overall, it's just more low quality crap from China.  If you want a good deck with a similar style, go for the Tragic Royalty deck from the US Playing Card Company.  Not only are they much higher quality, but they are far more Burtonesque in art and style than this deck is.
1451627289|5.0|Haven't enjoyed the \\"reading experience\\" in years.  And then comes 11/22/63.  Thanks Mr. King! Thanks for the feeling of being a kid again.  I haven't felt so involved in a story told in words that produced \\"a movie in my mind\\" since I was 12 and devoured all the Hardy Boy books. I felt I was on a sort of time-travel of my own: read your book in two days and it felt like two minutes.  Keep up the good work.
B005UKJX4E|5.0|I love this movie.  It is a spiritual experience and beautiful from many perspectives.  That said, there are many who will not like this movie.  It does not \\"tell\\" you the story, it makes you think and think.  In this sense it is not pure entertainment but some modern kind of enlightenment.
B000QQFKYE|3.0|Inland Empire is an overlong, shaggy mess that plays like a rough draft of [[ASIN:B000IEXVCC Mulholland Drive]]. His other movies have done the same thing better, but there's enough good material in here to keep fans happy.
B002C949AE|5.0|I read this book a couple of years ago and it is a great and intriguing read, kept me interested from  page 1,
B005AUWY90|4.0|I believe this movie is getting a bad rap for no good reason. Pixar is so good at creating exceptional movies that a simply above-average movie from them gets treated like gutter-trash. This movie is fun, exciting, humorous, and age-appropriate. Yes, it's not on the level of Toy Story or The Incredibles, but not every movie can be. At the end of the day, I liked it.  My 5 year-old son and 7 year-old daughter loved it, and would watch it every day if I let them.  The blu-ray transfer is among the best I've seen. It's brilliant and clear, and the 5.1 soundtrack is well mastered.  The DVD soundtrack is also good, and the video quality is also good, though it's hard to tell exactly what the DVD is like because all my players upsample.  If you or your kids loved the original Cars, I think it's worth checking out Cars 2.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|This game LOOKS good but reboots all the time in the middle of a game.  I played for about 10 minutes and was booted out six times.  Bad app.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great app. Easy to use and never crashes or lags. Use on my Kindle Fire. Will be downloading to my phone next.
0062101897|5.0|Amazing book. Great pictures, great design, worth buying! I can now say that I have completed all my Harry Potrer books!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|great tool and always improving interface. this application is an essential part of my productivity system. combined with the desktop and phone versions, I can access my work anywhere
B0063IH60K|4.0|I have a young daughter who loves solitaire but can't play because of the layout. love the layout and app overall
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Surprisingly fun.  I poo-pooed this game  for months but then I tried it and found it to be much more fun that I gave it credit for.  Definately worth a buck,  imo.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app works well and does everything that I would want a solitaire app to do and it has additional features.
B0058VW36U|4.0|A very cute and unique puzzle game.  Works great on my mytouch 4g.  Well worth a buck in my opinion.
B00408AN5A|1.0|This book is self indulgend & boring. Its a waste of money and compound time. ..<br />This book is self indulgend & boring. Its a waste of money and compound time. ..
B0053JJLLC|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed it. I have read every Chriton book, and this is a pager turner with the best of them.  The \\"micro\\" science is sci-fi fantasy, not really rooted in any solid up-and-coming scientific advancement. Exploring advancements that are so close they could soon come to pass is a common (but not universal) trait of Chriton's work. In fact, by the time \\"Rising Sun\\" was made into a film the technology needed to be upgraded as the world had quickly passed the novel. That is not feasable here. It does, however, launch the reader into the exciting micro-world. The \\"flora and fauna\\" science here is quite solid and interesting, giving us a new perspective on the world that surrounds us, a world fraught with wonder and danger. The geographic details of Hawaii seem accurate as well. As usual, an extensive bibliography is included, backing the \\"flora and fauna\\" science as well a geographic detail, but notably lacking any references to the \\"micro\\" science. This has happened to Chriton before, as in 'Timeline'...time travel, no...middle-ages history, yes. I also believe that if Chriton had finished the novel himself the characters would have been better developed as well. At times they seem a bit like shallow outlines, no doubt a work in progress. All this aside, the book reads well, and for Chriton fans may be a fine last taste. I found myself very much drawn into it, unable to put it down; for this I believe most fans will enjoy it and thus give it 4 stars.
B004ECDNJU|5.0|lovely little game. like the speed controls. does what it says! thanks Amazon its also non invasive with the permissions.
0765356147|5.0|Wow. Very rarely do I get drawn so deeply into a fantasy world. It had twist upon twist that tied everything together not the way I'd have wished but better. It's like reading a great classic without the boringness :-)<br /><br />Oh, I'm sure there were points in this book that dragged on and on...that's hardly something you can avoid with a 723 pg story. I generally don't like books that are that long, but this one is definitely a noteworthy exception.<br /><br />For those of you who liked Mistborn and Well of Ascension, this should be a satisfying conclusion. Spoilers would be a huge disservice to dedicated readers. Buy the boxed set and read them as one massive story. You probably won't regret it.<br /><br />It definitely leaves room for more. I look forward to seeing what The Allow of Law has to offer fans.
0439813786|4.0|The story line is ideal for that age group and being written partially in pictures helps the story move along nicely.  Not many books are written in this style, it is refreshing. It has enough conflict and intrigue to interest an adult.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I still love this game, even after 35 years of playing it.  It is timeless.  My kids love it, too!
0545003636|5.0|The audiobook is wonderful.  I suggest it to anyone who likes the movie, or is fond of listening to audio books.  A really terrific story.
B0063IH60K|5.0|basic solitaire game. no glitches. works perfect evetytime. I love this game and how wonderful it works on my kindle fire.
159420229X|5.0|When journalist Joshua Foer first set out to learn about the quirky subculture of memory circuit training, he had no idea that it would become a personal obsession. In addition to this obsession resulting in his winning the U.S. Memory Championship, it also culminated in an unforgettable book.<br /><br />On one level, _Moonwalking With Einstein_ provides a unique journalistic exploration of memory's cultural history, limits, potential, and tricks brilliantly wrapped in an everyday-man-turned-champion adventure story. On another level, it shows how our memories are ultimately what make us human. As Joshua discovers:<br />\\"How we perceive the world and how we act in it are products of how and what we remember. We're all just a bundle of habits shaped by our memories. And to the extent that we control our lives, we do so by gradually altering those habits, which is to say the networks of our memory....Now more than ever, as the role of memory in our culture erodes at a faster pace than ever before, we need to cultivate our ability to remember. Our memories make us who we are.\\" (p. 270)<br /><br />Sure, this book can teach you lots of tricks to help you remember better. (For example, it details the memory-training technique of converting pieces of information into vivid person/action/object images and then storing them in \\"memory palaces\\" for easy retrieval and recall; this technique was behind Joshua's winning U.S. Memory Championship move where he recalled the last three cards in a deck using his indelible image of Bill Clinton copulating with a basketball in the shower.) And, it will also educate you as it entertains you. But, more importantly, it delivers the message that \\"memory training is not just for the sake of performing party tricks; it's about nurturing something profoundly and essentially human.\\" (p.  270)<br /><br />And, speaking of remembering...don't forget the name Joshua Foer. (You can even use the author's memory coach's mnemonic trick of imaging being \\"joshed\\" by the author and then breaking into four pieces in response.) He's likely going to be a name we're going to be seeing a lot more of in the near future.n breaking into four pieces in response.) He's likely going to be a name we're going to be seeing a lot more of in the near future.
B005NQ94KS|4.0|This movie was incredibly touching and moving.  I haven't read the book yet (plan to, though), but the movie was everything I expected.  If you want a warm, touching, endearing movie about a real relationship--not just romantic relationship--this is the movie for you.  You won't necessarily feel energized and happy at the end of the movie, but you will appreciate Emma and Dexter's relationship.  Ideally it will transport you to a relationship in your life that is that enduring.
B004ECDNJU|4.0|you have to think ahead and quickly with this puzzler.  runs smooth as silk on the fire, thanks and happy new  year!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Makes Bible-reading accessible at anytime and anywhere!  I had issues with the app on my BlackBerry, but no problems on my Kindle Fire!
B0063GORYU|5.0|This app has all you need to have a good solitaire experience. It could use more backgrounds, but over all this is fun to play.
B005HSL626|5.0|It sucks on my polaroid tablet. It kept blacking out and returning  to the app menu but im not sure if it would do that on any other thing that its able to be downloaded on.
0956251579|5.0|I thought it was a rather bold statement for a global site like Amazon to pick an unknown author's first novel as thier 2011 book of the year.  Hence, I was compelled to read it.  Elizabeth Haynes' INTO THE DARKEST CORNER delivers the goods on every level. It is a familiar tale about obsession and the relationship from hell people often try to forget  However, she keeps it fresh by maintaining a running narrative that jumps between 2004 and 2008 (when the story was actually written).  Usually, a novel jumping timelines every few pages for nearly all 400 of them could prove quite annoying and distratcting.  In Haynes' able hands, it lends an interesting balance as the horror felt in presence day by her protagonist, Catherine, is revealed in layers by the actual horrific events of the past --- until the timelines converge and past collides with present to produce dire consequences.  An unstoppable novel of suspense that suceeds in every aspect and has me anxiously awaiting her next effort!
B001UV4XFG|5.0|It was delivered in a timely manner. It was in new condition as stated. Just what I ordered. Great Seller.
B005HSG3VK|3.0|I like how slim it is, yet when I prop it up to view videos, the slightest move causes it to fall. Not sure if I will keep it, for I would like a sturdier case when watching videos.
1419702238|5.0|what you see is what you get  as you'd expect of this product. overall, we are fairly happy with this.
B001DLWF8U|1.0|This movie is truly terrible. It was shot in some kind of high contrast black and white that is really irritating, almost painful to look at. Occasionally, one of the actors says something interesting (namely the main protagonist's mentor -- played by an actor I remember from a STTNG episode), which is just enough for you to suffer through to the next interesting tid-bit (which are interspersed every 20 minutes or so.) It really is cruel. I admit I fast forwarded through a couple of the more \\"artistic\\" scenes.  There's nothing philosophically or mathematically profound about it, and I just don't buy that some big honkin' early 1980s era soldered together junk pile with 5.25\\" floppy disk drives and big-assed LSI chips is sentient. I mean the movie was made in 1998. They could have at least put something a little more modern-looking in there.  But no, the computer, like everything else is meant to be some kind of ghoulish abstract art prop -- completely divorcing the story from reality.  Not sure how it could get four stars on Amazon. Save your money and your time. Watch something else.
067144901X|5.0|what you see is what you get  as you'd expect of this product. overall, we are fairly happy with this.
B002IE2JF0|3.0|Most scifi plots are rehashed and this is no different. I kept expecting the Vikings to all turn to the camera and ask \\"What's in YOUR wallet?\\"   Still, I've seen a lot worse, and given that I've already watched all the good science fiction and fantasy out there, this kind of gave me my fix... and the acting wasn't terrible. The creatures were cool, if predictably gory.  In short, I was entertained.
B000E41MS6|1.0|Purchased the Series as a Christmas Gift and now I will only get partial credit for Disc 4 Skipping.  I Find that unexceptable for someone who tries to get Christmas shopping done early.
B0061S073A|5.0|This app is perfect for my 3 year old. I added it to favorites in the kindle fire so she could easily find it. As far as she is concerned, it is the only way to access her apps. I love it. I know she can't access the web, order anything, or get into anything else I don't want her accessing.
B004O3YGMC|1.0|I purchased this app to use when I'm away from home, however every time I tried to set it up, our internet went down. It never could connect to my computer and I finally had to delete the app, after having the cable company re set our router twice. Do not buy unless you're extremely techy regarding internet connectivity.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I love that this app syncs across any platform I have. I don't always have my computer or my phone or my tablet when I get an idea, but I generally have one of them, so it makes it so helpful in capturing something spur of the moment. Kudos to Evernote!
0375758992|5.0|I love memoirs, and this one, written by a young woman the same age as my older son, is one of the best I have read in recent years. I will not soon forget the brave and eccentric Fuller family - and the beautiful writing - of Alexandra \\"Bobo\\" Fuller's DON\\"T LET'S GO TO THE DOGS TONIGHT. If you want to know about the lingering colonialism, ongoing civil wars, revolution and savagery of modern south central Africa, I recommend this book enthusiastically.<br /><br />- Tim Bazzett, author of the memoir, BOOKLOVER
B0054JZC6E|1.0|a cool game great for kids. anyone can play it. one.try 100 can play so fun. so fun. great time killer
B0063IH60K|5.0|Have loved this game since learning it back in the olden days of Windows. Still a great game and a great way to kill some time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Cute and addicting games. Worth time playing. Download it today. My favorite is the frog game and the umbrella game. What's your favorite?
B0063IH60K|5.0|The game is a lot of fun. passes the time when you have other things to do later. I has many different ways for you to win and helpful hints also. Great purchase if you like card games.
B005OK725M|5.0|LOVE IT. LOVED IT. LOVED IT.  Sometimes there's nothing like a good old fashioned kick-a$$ movie. New Year's Eve qualifies for one of those times.  We've been trying to rent ColombianA from Blockbuster since it hit the rental racks a few weeks ago. Checking daily, it was never available. Finally rented from DIRECTV. Well worth the wait and the additional cost.   Zoe Saldana's character was agile and witty with the right amount of stone cold-blooded female bad-a$$ness. Five stars. The story held my interest and while the plot was predictable the action kept momentum building.   Four favorite scenes: (1) The little girl running thru the streets of Columbia. Lots of fun with a clever escape. (2) Adult Katalaya fighting with two tooth brushes. Hahaha. Loved it. (3) Byplay between her boyfriend's BBF and his sister-in-law. \\"He's going to thank me later.\\" HAHAHAHA. \\"What's she doing at my computer?\\" LOL. (4) The bomb she planted under the detective's chair. She told him not to get up before the microwave timer went off, but he hopped up a few seconds before in case the bomb blew he wouldn't lose his butt. HAHAHA. Good one.  Two least favorite scenes: (1) The uncle shooting innocent people in front of the school just to show little Katalaya he could teach her to kill. Outlandish and callas for a character I wanted to like. (2) Killer Katalaya is smart, but not smart enough to protect her family (uncle & surrogate mother). Her lack of forethought and concern for their welfare tainted my ability to fully pull for her especially after her uncle pointed out her blind spot.   While the story had a few holes I didn't care. ColombianA wasn't about crossing every T or dotting every I. Can't wait for the sequel. Just like the Transporter franchise, the character and Ms. Saldana can only get more intriguing.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like the game but slot of the things are just pointless and had to earn points so it was a goodenough game to.keep me interested tor a while
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|i put angry birds on my kindle fire....its so much fun. my wife + i even lay in bed + play together taking turns, and plotting strategies. its an excellent waste of time:)--- we find its simplicity is a great wind down/ stress relief outlet.  {this review posted by TOM, Julies husband}.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Fun &amp; easy game to play.  Love larger size on Kindle Fire. would like to be able to make some changes to background or cards.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|so before I bought this game I read the reviews...a lot of them said it was a crappy game...I am pleasantly surprised however....its a fun game...I only gave it 4 stars though due to the fact that the gameplay controls aren't very good on a few of the games....but considering the game was free its not a huge deal...its a fun and addicting game....
B004J4WKTW|5.0|There have been very few books I've read recently that I've literally had trouble putting down when I know there are more important things to do but this was one of them.  If you have not yet read this book, drop whatever you're doing, and go out and buy a copy.  Right now.  It's that good.  What makes this novel the phenomenon it is, is that it is a pure pleasure read.  It's just fun.  Everything about the `Night Circus' pulls you in and makes you want to explore more.  Which is the exact atmosphere necessary for truly enjoying Morgenstern's debut novel.<br /><br />The actual plot revolves around Celia Bowen and Marco Alisdair who have been pitted against each other by their respective teachers to see which one is stronger.  There is really no better way to describe them than \\"magicians\\" but that's not quit what they are.  While what they do might as well be considered magic it is explained in detail as being simple manipulation of the universe around them, more scientific than magical.  Don't fall into the trap that this is just another book about dueling magicians, because it is much more than this.  It is also not the story of good vs. evil you might expect.  No one side is purely the winner with the opponent being the obvious villain.  In fact, there's really nothing \\"bad\\" to cheer against while you're reading (although you could make the argument the two teachers starting the challenge are the villains of the story).  Instead of your Harry Potter-esque story (or Merlin vs. Morgana if you want to go back to the `original') battle of good magic vs. dark magic, you are given a story about real people with extraordinary talents and how those talents shape not only who they are, but their future and the future of those around them.<br /><br />Everyone who takes part in the night circus is unique, patrons included.  The circus itself is what makes the book what it is.  Morgenstern's descriptions of the circus itself could drive the book forward, no plot necessary.  She creates a fantastic world you can't help but get lost in.  The circus grows throughout the book, new tents and new attractions added.  There is always something new to explore.  The descriptions are vivid enough you feel like you're walking through the rows of tents yourself, which makes it even more disappointing when the book is finished and your time at the night circus is done.<br /><br />The way the book is compiled also adds to the effect.  Morgenstern describes the circus as a series of individual tents connect by pathways, and this almost seems to describe the way the book is written.  She gives us the story from different perspectives that all work together and show how the circus has touched different lives over the course of its life.  Because these perspectives jump through time it is a rather dangerous way to write a book.  Writing from different perspectives and making each one sound as vivid as the next is difficult enough, but then jumping through time as well can lead to all sorts of problems in keeping the plot accurate and avoiding holes or inconsistencies.  Morgenstern does it expertly though.  Each section flows seamlessly into the next and there is not a plot hole to be found.<br /><br />This book was a fantastic read, the kind I hope will very quickly become a cult classic.  It was pure fun.  I look forward to more of Morgenstern's work in the future, and hope (maybe a little selfishly) she'll somehow manage to take us back to the night circus in a future book.tic world you can't help but get lost in.  The circus grows throughout the book, new tents and new attractions added.  There is always something new to explore.  The descriptions are vivid enough you feel like you're walking through the rows of tents yourself, which makes it even more disappointing when the book is finished and your time at the night circus is done.  The way the book is compiled also adds to the effect.  Morgenstern describes the circus as a series of individual tents connect by pathways, and this almost seems to describe the way the book is written.  She gives us the story from different perspectives that all work together and show how the circus has touched different lives over the course of its life.  Because these perspectives jump through time it is a rather dangerous way to write a book.  Writing from different perspectives and making each one sound as vivid as the next is difficult enough, but then jumping through time as well can lead to all sorts of problems in keeping the plot accurate and avoiding holes or inconsistencies.  Morgenstern does it expertly though.  Each section flows seamlessly into the next and there is not a plot hole to be found.  This book was a fantastic read, the kind I hope will very quickly become a cult classic.  It was pure fun.  I look forward to more of Morgenstern's work in the future, and hope (maybe a little selfishly) she'll somehow manage to take us back to the night circus in a future book.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|app just randomly shuts down!!!  tried playing a few times and each time same after 1 game went black wnd had to aforce closea so I  uninstalld it.
B005MIYI3K|5.0|i finally got the album and i listened to the whole thing from begining to end, non-stop. all i have to say it \\"Tuomas, you've done it again.\\"  i'm in awe at the true genious of this man. i can't wait for the movie to come out now! i've been listening to Nightwish since the Tarja days, and i loved her too. but it's impossible for me to compare Anette to Tarja, they are just so different. and they are both so remarkably talented. it's almost like a new, different band. but i still love every second of it. as long as they always have Tuomas and the guys, Nightwish will never lose it's magic.  i honestly would find it extremely difficult to believe anyone could dislike this album, it's absolutely beautiful. definitely a must-buy! i would've gladly paid double what i did pay.
1932100660|5.0|For those serious about their health this is a must read.  The China Study holds the key to long term health.  However  the knowledge amassed in the study is threaten by a long list of greedy special interest corporate giants who want to have it repressed from the public.
B006BDHAX0|2.0|Although it was the free app of the day, it usually has a cost attached. Unfortunately it's only worth the download as a freebie. I have played half dozen times and mid-game it closed each time. My score and progress were lost every time. Since Mahjong is a favorite to me, I'm very disappointed that this won't play correctly. Download as a freebie and to waste time but only if scores don't matter to you.
B004T32SOK|4.0|This is a pretty fun app,all you need to do is sign up for account and you can start storing things on your 5gb cloud account at box.com.<br /><br />My primary use for my box cloud account is moving content from my pc to my kindle fire, since i don't have a mini usb to connect them together physically. So this is the next best thing.Anyways uploading things is really simple, click upload then find the file you wish to upload and bada bing bada boom. Your content is uploaded keep in mind there are restriction on the free account.<br /><br />I would really suggest this to someone who is trying to move their own content on to their kindle fire, or android device.Someone who wants to sideload applications. All in all this is a pretty nifty service and it's pretty cool that it's for free, if your serious about uploading huge files from your box cloud acct to your device i'd suggest paying some cash for the real verison.Same goes for using Amazon cloud account.
0385341008|5.0|I really enjoyed this novel and its characters.  The book is written as a series of letters from/to Juliet (the main character) shortly after the end of WWII.  Juliet is firey, compassionate, funny, and engaging, and her letters left me laughing, crying, and sighing with delight.  This is a quick and lighter read, but well worth the time taken for this little gem.
B004ECDNJU|2.0|colorblind mode would be nice, very hard to play if you are. I do not understand why developers do not include a colorblind feature. so many people are red/green colorblind.
B000002MFQ|4.0|After having listened to both the original Tubular Bells and Tubular Bells II, I much prefer the updated version. The original -- though still awesome -- is a bit dated for my taste.
0439023521|4.0|Excellent book full of drama and adventure. Set in the future at an unknown time in what was former America. Katniss, a young woman, is chosen to represent her district in the annual Hunger Games. She must use her natural skills and quick thinking to try and prevent herself from being killed and become the victor. A lot of surprising twists and turns in these games that make this quite the unpredictable story. Easy to read with an engaging story made for a quick page turner. If you like adventure, drama, and unpredictability I highly recommend this book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its got a a large selection of games that can be played.  younger point for playing each game. with the points you get to buy more games.
B006C1DH92|4.0|I think the Fruit Ninja series is a very fun, ideal mobile game. My only gripe with Puss in Boots is that it could use more content.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|Wow. I could not put this book down. This was sort of a first as far as Stephen King novels go, as there was quite a bit of information that he had to research prior to writing. I would HIGHLY recommend this book!
B004ECDNJU|5.0|its a neat little game. but for free i give it 5 stars. im not greedy. it is a neat fun game. i spent some time on it already. but it is simple colors and ! simple design. but does use some thought for passing each level. since i gave it 5 stars. looking forward to playing it a whole lot more. thanks dev.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a standard solitaire game. Simple to use with an auto complete option when you clear the cards in the deck. Clear graphics and a nice selection of decks.
0060899190|5.0|Got this book for my daughter for Christmas.  She loves it!  Just from browsing through it, it looked like a lot of fun to read.  When she is done with it, I hope she'll lend it to me!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This is an okay set of games. You can pick and choose which ones to unlock. Not bad for a free game, but I would have been disappointed if I'd paid real money for it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy and fun to play. it is a great way to pass the time and has great interaction for simple playing.
B000MQ54OY|2.0|Saw this with my daughter when she was four.  Didn't go over well.  Not to spoil the storyline, but being separated from your parents, being chased down by a penguin eating sea lion, Losing your will from being imprisoned in a zoo, all the while being treated as an ugly duckling character, talking the kid down(no we won't leave you, no there are no human eating sea lions...) took just as long...    I can understand the whole overcoming challenges in life and coming of age stories, but very depressing for a movie made for kids...
B0025KVLTM|5.0|Just as I remembered it, \\" ...sitting on the Sofa with a sister or two... \\" The unique aspect of this album is that it buries itself in the mind; tunes, lyric, production technique, not as part of an experience but as one.
B004ECDNJU|1.0|With that said; mich like a bad movie that requires a six pack (movieboozer.com) this game doesnt make the cut. Geta ols real fast...dont believe me? See for yourself.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Easy to use. Love all the features. Works great on the Kindle Fire. Great way to have a personalized Bible on any tablet or smart phone
1451627289|5.0|This novel turned out to be 842 pages of sheer genius.  In true time travel style, our main character, Jake Epping, sets out to take the portal to the past, September 1958, and continue the work his friend Al Templeton was unable to complete - stop the JFK assassination.  Along the way, we travel through the late 50's and early 60's, a wonderful time to relive, especially for us baby boomers, with a most intriguing group of characters and events.  So many phrases and products of the time brought me right back to my childhood - a wonderful, carefree place to be.  Only an experienced author can write a story about time travel and make it credible; Mr. King did just that.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys great fiction by an outstanding writer.  Wouldn't we all want to know the change of events if, in fact, JFK had survived his assassin's bullet?  11/22/63 has this and so much more to offer the interested reader.
B0044DEAUA|5.0|The SuperTooth Buddy Speakerphone works great. Easy to operate controls. I use it both in the car and at work. While unit is mounted on visor, microphone easily picks up my voice without the need for me to move my head. Most folks I speak with say there is very little background noise or feedback either in the car or office.  I am completely satisfied, have no negatives to report and would recommend.
B005GYY0GA|5.0|Winter is truly back to the roots...where he always wanted to be...significant...award-level performance. I hope he continues this way and enjoys his winter blossom.
0226039331|1.0|This is all Greek! How can you learn the Greek meaning if there is no English to explain? This was a gift to our son who loves to study the Bible.
1451627289|5.0|The only other King book I read was The Stand so I am far from an expert on his work. This looked interesting and quite simply...I loved it. I laugh when I read about \\"holes\\" in sci-fi books or time travel stories. There are always holes. They are implausible which is why you are asked to suspend belief. Buy this book, read this book, enjoy this book, and have fun in the late 50's and early 60's.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|i recieved the dvd on time. the dvd was even newer than i had expectd! it was still in the original store wrapping with the barcode! unopened. when i opened the dvd, the dvds were in good shape- no scratches, no brakes. the dvds played well.
B0067R0APK|5.0|Runs smoothly and does what it says it will. Worth the small price for the platinum version to remove the ads.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this is the whole game of angry birds for free. don't get the add free version when you can get this. there is over 100 levels in this.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|If you are looking for a minimalist case that won't increase the bulk or weight of the Kindle Fire, this is it.  This case will protect against scratches and spills.<br /><br />If you are looking for a case that will protect the Kindle from drops, this probably is not your best option.  I use a sleeve to hold the Kindle and headphones, cleaning cloth, and power cord that provides additional protection and organization when traveling.<br /><br />Very happy with this purchase!  Highly recommended.
0439023521|5.0|Not my usual kind of book with all of the killings, but. I loved the book and cannot wait to read the next 2.
B006QKKMBA|1.0|Bad Effects, bad storyline, just a bunch of people unrealistically getting killed. Horrible. I rented this on amazon, because the trailer looked interesting, but it's not at all.
B000KZJCO0|5.0|This is an amazing TV show. It is funny, and at times can be serious and touching. As you watch \\"FRIENDS\\", you will make friends that will last you your whole life
B005UKJX4E|1.0|This was the worst movie I have ever seen. I like deep, thoughtful movies, but this was just complete nonsense.  Also, to say it stars Sean Penn is ridiculous.  He appears for approximately 3 minutes and has 4 lines, if that.
B0063GORYU|5.0|best spider game I've played. User friendly,  easy to play, and addictive.  great graphics and a great way to lose yourself on a rainy day.
B005ZUR724|5.0|ok it has been updated now. also supports additional language. The game is very fun, and I enjoy it! True WOW like MMO rpg.
B006NXIO0Q|5.0|I definitely recommend this movie - it was excellent! Lots of action and suspense. My husband and I both enjoyed it.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love this game. It is a great passage of time and I like the way the game celebrates when I win.
0060229357|5.0|Harold is a great classic.  I read the book as a child, my son loved the book, He ran around with a purple crayon in his hand for weeks after the first time I read it to him. And now I'm buying it for the children of my niece and nephew.  I have a different niece going to college for elementary education and she said Harold is required reading for her one class.  Love the use of imagination.
B0055SWM08|5.0|The ambience of this game is relaxing. The game is both challenging and relaxing.Like the music and rain on the windows. Excellent buy! Dr. Greg Smith, Urbandale, IA
B000HIVOI2|5.0|It came in perfect shape and was worth the money.  Good product, good sale.  I won't have any problem going through these people again
B002OSY2T6|4.0|I purchased this toy to help entertain my son during tummy time.  I can definitely say that we have gotten our money's worth out of this toy.  Keeps my son entertained for at least 15 minutes at a time - great for a 3 month old!  Would definitely buy as a gift for a friend.  Music/sounds not as annoying as some of his other toys - a plus for mom and dad!!!
B001TD1XWG|1.0|this guy has to be the most overrated raper ever his flows are junk lyrics are junk.   this guy is the reason rap is dead. all the main steam now days are studio gangsters.  ya boy, crooked i. horse shoe gang. even bone thugs. should be what you see and hear everyday not this clown
B0058VW36U|5.0|Awesome game!!! Takes forever to update, but I was thrilled to see 2 new levels when it finally did update!! Keep em coming!
1451627289|5.0|Loved this book! I'm a huge Stephen King fan and this didn't disappoint. I haven't been thrilled with some of his later work, but this book drew me in and kept me hooked until the last page.
B004SDEP38|2.0|I've used Docs to Go w/my mac and iPhone and LOVE it. But it doesn't sync with Kindle Fire. If you're interested in increased productivity, this app will NOT DO IT for you. Sorry.
B0063IH60K|5.0|It is great fun and free.  I play for hours, sometimes that is not so good when I have lots to do.
B002UZ5CHO|5.0|Very educational. We CAN change the system, it all begins with us.  I love how the film gives us the solution of \\"voting\\" with our dollars.  Now if we can just educate the masses we can affect change.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|This is UK only. Prices show in pounds an no cloud drive access. Worthless and cant uninstall. 18 19 2o words to post????!!!
B004FOA84A|3.0|the ending was very bad and it could be longer. I did not like what you had to do with the tuning fork.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Fun to play, good challenge, game function flows easily. Game has a lot of choices of how to play, card fronts and other options. I highly recommend for fun play.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|First, install this app on your computer, then your browser, and finally here. You will be able to sync web pages, notes, etc. Amazing!!!
B004ECDNJU|3.0|Way to have something special for New Years Day. Hope you didn't stay up too late thinking of that! Christmas too!
B005UT29Z0|4.0|I really liked MARGIN CALL (dir. J. C. Chandor), but I have to admit I don't really understand it.  The plot revolves around a young risk analyst (Zachary Quinto) who discovers that his investment banking firm has misinterpreted its own equations and is on the verge of total collapse.  What ensues is a night of tension-filled meetings staffed by company higher-ups (Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany, Demi Moore) and eventually the CEO (Jeremy Irons).  As Irons explains it, they have three choices:  1) be first, 2) be smarter, or 3) cheat.  He rules out cheating, says he can't count on being smarter than anyone else, which leaves him with being first.  So the plan is to dump billions of dollars of unsecured junk on an unsuspecting market, which will save the firm even as it plunges all of Wall Street into chaos.<br /><br />As someone with no expertise in either economics or investment banking, I found myself struggling to understand exactly what was going down at MBS, the fictionalized Lehman-style investment house portrayed in the film.  Several characters try several times to explain it, but not very effectively.  At one point Jeremy Irons asks Spacey and Quinto to \\"explain it as if you're speaking to a child,\\" which gave me hope.  But phrases like \\"historic volatility levels\\" get in the way of making any of this understandable.  I get the overall picture - MBS (like Lehman) was making paper trades backed by worthless mortgages (among other low-rated vehicles) which they were playing off against each other like the proverbial house of cards.  When Quinto discovers the fatal flaw in their statistics, we know it will all come crashing down.  The question is whether MBS will put its own survival above that of its customers (and the American people).<br /><br />MARGIN CALL is a thrilling film, although it admittedly takes a bit of concentration to keep up with what's going on.  The performances (Irons, Spacey, and Quinto especially) are exceptional, and I have no doubt the film accurately reflects the mood of firms like Lehman that played a major role in the collapse of our economy in 2008.  But this is not a subject matter that easily translates to story - as such, I never found myself really connecting with any of these characters.  One moment - when Spacey embraces his dying dog at the vet's office - stands out as a glimpse of humanity in what is a very cold and merciless world.  I liked that.  It helped me relate to Spacey's character.  However, ultimately Spacey joins the others in a willingness to sell out humanity for cold, hard cash.  The world of MBS (like Wall Street in the \\"real world\\") is totally fixated on money - making it, holding onto it, and turning it into more money.<br /><br />There's one nice moment when two characters look out at the people on the streets of Manhattan and wish they could be as innocent of the horror that's about to be unleashed by MBS (and other Wall Street firms).  But Paul Bettany says it best:  \\"People wanna live like this in their cars and big [******] houses they can't even pay for. The only reason that they all get to continue living like kings is `cause we got our fingers on the scales in their favor. I take my hand off and then the whole world gets really [*******] fair really [*******] quickly and nobody actually wants that.\\"  This is the heart of MARGIN CALL.  We blame the 2008 crash on greedy Wall Street bankers and financiers, but they're only a reflection of the rest of us who want what we can't afford.<br /><br />MARGIN CALL is a good film, even if I don't understand it as well as I'd like.  It's also a film that will make you think about the world we live in.  I do recommend it.s the mood of firms like Lehman that played a major role in the collapse of our economy in 2008.  But this is not a subject matter that easily translates to story - as such, I never found myself really connecting with any of these characters.  One moment - when Spacey embraces his dying dog at the vet's office - stands out as a glimpse of humanity in what is a very cold and merciless world.  I liked that.  It helped me relate to Spacey's character.  However, ultimately Spacey joins the others in a willingness to sell out humanity for cold, hard cash.  The world of MBS (like Wall Street in the \\"real world\\") is totally fixated on money - making it, holding onto it, and turning it into more money.    There's one nice moment when two characters look out at the people on the streets of Manhattan and wish they could be as innocent of the horror that's about to be unleashed by MBS (and other Wall Street firms).  But Paul Bettany says it best:  \\"People wanna live like this in their cars and big [******] houses they can't even pay for. The only reason that they all get to continue living like kings is `cause we got our fingers on the scales in their favor. I take my hand off and then the whole world gets really [*******] fair really [*******] quickly and nobody actually wants that.\\"  This is the heart of MARGIN CALL.  We blame the 2008 crash on greedy Wall Street bankers and financiers, but they're only a reflection of the rest of us who want what we can't afford.    MARGIN CALL is a good film, even if I don't understand it as well as I'd like.  It's also a film that will make you think about the world we live in.  I do recommend it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game is there a purchase version.  to buy so i can skip the ads and just play the game
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|Okay, so I like a good vampire story. The best part about vampire stories is that they are the brooding gentlemen who have centuries of experience swooning women. I was hoping for the same thing in this story. However, I was let down, twice. I was hoping for some good old fashioned romance and ultimately a bit of erotica, but it never happened. Geez, I was more interested in the romance between Bella and Edward, and that was written for teens! Although the story lacked good romance, it did have a decent story line. It included all the typical characters in a good fantasy story: witches, vampires and daemons. The story did follow a seemingly interesting plot, though it did get bogged down at times with historical references and Matthew's seemingly endless connections to famous icons of history. The story spent so much time developing Diana as a strong, independent woman who refused to acknowledge her witch traits, that by the time she succumbed to them the story was practically over, so it all had to be rushed. I think the story would have been better if Matthew and Diana's journey had started earlier in the story. It seemed that by the time the two of them were on their journey the story was crammed to get to a decent finish. Which is saying a lot considering the story is over 500 pages. Overall, it is a good book and I would recommend you give it a try. But be warned, if you are looking for some good vampire-witch \\"togetherness\\", it isn't going to happen. No matter how much the author teases.
044654759X|5.0|Biught as a gift.  love the reviews, info on the author and the synopsis of the story.  easy order and payment
B004ECDNJU|3.0|not really my type of game, I like the fast thinking games but I thought this started getting repetitive... I know I will pick it up again in a few days.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Some really fun games.  Love the number of games in one app. Nice if you get bored easily wit one game.
B006JPS1OM|1.0|Nice soundtrack. Unfortunately, that and a frozen Floodlight Games logo are all I can get on my Galaxy Nexus. Will watch for updates and change rating if fixed.
B004ECDNJU|3.0|If it is free app of the day then why isn't it free...the app looks like a rip off, I wouldn't download it...it would waste your time and money
B0063IH60K|5.0|enjoyed playing the game,of course , I would like to win more often. but it is fun and I will practice.  ,
B001TODCII|2.0|Liam Neeson probably made this film for the money, though it does reaffirm that he can be a highly credible action star. But the movie itself is deeply silly and wholly unworthy of Neeson's talent and dignity. As supposedly a highly experienced government covert operative Neeson's character's skills seem to be restricted to knuckleheaded violence when a moment's pause may deliver better results.<br /><br />The movie could therefore be accused of ignoring its own internal logic: how this highly trained professional uses his specialist skills to rescue his kidnapped daughter... apart from the fact that it really has no logic other than seeking an excuse to set up the next fight.<br /><br />Some effort on reseach and writing could have produced a decent thriller out of the idea behind this film. As it stands the movie is probably best watched after three beers on a Saturday night with all critical faculties suspended. To be fair, in these circumstances, it passes the time entertainingly.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I bought logmein and this works way better and is not like logmein and doesn't require extra fees to email like logmein. It is not laggy like logmein as well. This is fast and smoooth. The only issue I found is a black.screen with video but I haven't played with it enuff to see if there is an error. I highly recomend this! Thanks Devs!
0007263686|4.0|This is an elegantly written, consistently gripping account of Churchill's tenure as wartime prime minister.<br /><br />The author's central purpose in the book is to demonstrate Churchill's historical greatness. However, it is the clarity of this purpose that is the book's central flaw. Mr Hastings' effort to show the giant that was Churchill is such a dominant theme in the book that it tends to submerge some rather uncomfortable facts. For example: Churchill's deeply ingrained racism and the degree of his culpability for the wartime Indian famine are only lightly touched upon; Hastings deals very superficially, and wholly in Churchill's favour, with the persistent historical controversy regarding Churchill's sacking of Auchinleck in North Africa in the immediate aftermath of the general's successful reorganisation of the British Army into battle groups and his defeat of Rommel; he barely mentions Bill Slim and the fact that Britain's greatest wartime general was relegated to the theatre that Churchill thought least of; and he excuses the prime minister's flights of fancy and disasterous choices later in the war as the result, in large measure, of old age and stress.<br /><br />This is not to deny the importance of Churchill as war leader: his insistence on continuing to fight after the fall of France was a demonstration of enormous moral courage; his understanding of the importance of drawing the USA into the war to have any hope of victory was more clear sighted than most of his contemporaries; his decision to sink the French fleet at Mers-el-Kebir displayed the sort of ruthlessness that was essential to winning the war; his unsucccessful efforts at establishing a democratic Poland at the end of the war show a sense of decency and honour that contrast favourably with Stalin's monstrousness and Roosevelt's disinterest on this issue.<br /><br />Mr Hastings book would have been even more interesting if he had allowed his portrait of Churchill to emerge from this sort of evidence rather than seeking to impose such an overwhelmingly heroic impression on much more complex material.<br /><br />Nevertheless, it should be said that few readers could ever feel shortchanged by Hastings' historical writing, which is as ever humane and lucid, and the breadth and depth of his research is, as always, awesome.eeking to impose such an overwhelmingly heroic impression on much more complex material.   Nevertheless, it should be said that few readers could ever feel shortchanged by Hastings' historical writing, which is as ever humane and lucid, and the breadth and depth of his research is, as always, awesome.
B00634GHJA|5.0|I think that this app is pretty cool and.its mot.fake at all not one bit. But something that is fame os the fake iPhone 4S app. You should check it out.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Hey guys this game is really good. Even though I died a lot! But it still gives me something to do.  I think every body should get this app!
B005DOKL3E|5.0|This was a gift to someone needs to read emails and loves books.For hands free reading its perfect.She fell last October so can't seat at computer,life saver. Thanks
B005HSL626|5.0|I love this app! Even though it is completely random, it is so fun and entertaining! I haven't been having any issues whatsoever with this application. It is so addicting! I definitely say that this app is worth it!
B0063IH60K|5.0|fun game. I like that I can customize the cards to one of my pictures and change the background color.
B001GCUO5W|2.0|I did find Shutter Island to be a little entertaining but just really could not get into it.  The ending was really strange I thought and could have been better.  It is set like in old times 1950's, 60's etc and has that type of feel to it.  The movie almost reminded me of titanic a little, maybe because of it's that same older times feel or because L. DiCaprio was in it as well.  There is a lot of suspense, mystery and really never got board watching it yet for some reason just did not find it very interesting.  A better ending could have changed my opinion for sure.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
B004ECDNJU|4.0|this game is very fun and addicting and was worthy of the game of the day. There is only one problem and that is you are to change the speed which is stupid
B004EPYZPI|5.0|I found the Lincoln Lawyer to be quite entertaining and relevant legal picture.  Courtroom and legal movies for the most part I find interesting and are some of my favorite films of all time.  I would not put this up against say 'a few good men' but there were many similarities.  A very thick plot with a lot happening throughout so be sure to give yourself the entire 2 hours to watch it so you can understand everything that is going on.  You might get confused if you miss even 5 minutes of it.  Overall, if you are a fan of legal movies be sure to check it out.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
B004ECDNJU|5.0|With so many speed options this is a great game for every one.  Nice colors and it really is a challenge at higher speeds.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|my kids are constantly fighting over who can color. ages 3&amp;8. great effects and options. one of best apps i have downloaded yet
B004LWZW4W|4.0|Thank you for the quick delivery of the first 2 dvds,<br /> product title RISE of the Planet of the APES<br />delivered in triple A condition and packaging.  Also quick delivery and<br />packaging but wrong dvd in the 3rd dvd order.  It was replaced with<br />the title Cowboys and Aliens and was a satisfactory replacement for a<br />gift to my family.  Recommend this company to any one. Great Service!<br />Shirley Hogan
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|This is the second one I recieved and the movie keeps repeating itself over and over. The first one I got did the same thing so i sent it back now im having the same issue with this new one that was sent to me
B0063GORYU|5.0|Classic spider solitaire, love to play it over and over.   I suggest you try it.  I think you will like it.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Having the Bible app on my kindle fire is very important and awesome at the same time. The app presents a feature that allows the reader to have the scripture read to them. I would recommend this app to everyone.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Seems like a pretty classic game that was just as I expected. Fun and works well on the kindle fire.
B006BDHAX0|4.0|Using galaxy s 2 epic touch. tiles are a bit of work to figure out but the graphics are sharp. no force closes. does not save current game if hopping out to a call or another app.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Program crashes in the middle of play. Gives HTC screen then resets to main screen.  nothing is saved of the current game.  Tiles are too small for phone screen. It selects the tile next to the one your think you are touching about 20% of the time. My phone screen is calibrated since this is the only game that I have trouble with.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I picked this album up back in July following its success in the first half of 2011 and have never regretted it. There isn't a bad song on the album, and it plays on your emotions like no other album I've listened to. Five months after first hearing it, it's still the first album I look to when I want to listen to music.
B0000029GA|5.0|Nas first album illmatic has been called the best rap album and a classic. Yes it is good but is it the best hip hop album ever. I don't think so. I loved it but i have heard better. 2pacs Me against the world, bigs ready to die, snoop dogg doggystyle, dr dre's the chronic, jay z reasonable doubts, and game the documentary. I not saying it is a bad cd i loved the world is yours and memory lane but the rest was just good. So in my opinion it's not the best but i still liked it!!!
B0018QOIXU|5.0|I admittedly did not pay much attention to Adele until after the release of 21, but after becoming entranced by that album, I had to pick this one up and was not disappointed. While it doesn't strike an emotional chord like 21 does, 19 features songs that are just as enjoyable to listen to (Hometown Glory and Cold Shoulder are my personal favorites). Highly recommended.
B002FOQXZK|5.0|I just got into Kid Cudi. I bought this cd a few weeks ago and when i heard pursuit of happiness and day n night i loved it, but my brother hated it. I try and stay away from new  rap because i listen to old school but this got me hooked. I still hate wayne and drake and cash money but i will continue to buy cudi's cd's!!
B005Y423ZC|4.0|This CD/DVD combo is a great addition to the collection of any Adele fan and notably includes a couple of covers (\\"If It Hadn't Been For Love\\" and \\"I Can't Make You Love Me\\") not found on Adele's studio albums. While the concert as a whole is fantastic, it is worth noting that it was recorded only a week or so before Adele had to cancel the rest of her tour due to vocal problems; her voice sounds less than pristine on a couple of songs, and \\"Rumour Has It\\" has parts where her voice sounds abrasive. I would recommend this album, but at the same time, I am curious as to how much better it would be if Adele had been completely free of vocal problems and might encourage patient fans to wait a few years and see if she releases another live album (assuming she makes a full recovery from her surgery). The language on the DVD also is pretty filthy, and the video editing can get a bit annoying (the camera angle changes every second or two on some songs).
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Love that there are many versions to cross reference and wonderful reading plans.  Makes taking The Word with you everywhere so easy.  able to  highlight and share verses with your friends on facebook and twitter
0452289963|5.0|So my friend got this for me and now I am finding myself gifting this to others.  It isn't too \\"preachy\\" but it does have \\"God talk\\" but it very open minded...in my humble opinion.  It helps you look beyond physical things that make you happy and focuses more on finding inner peach.  I really enjoyed and would recommend to anyone who wants to focus more on finding your spiritual purpose and giving out goodness and positive into the world so we can start receiving those positive things rather than worrying about what people think of you on the outside.
B005BDZN62|1.0|Buyers should be aware that there are huge restoration errors in this release, starting with the opening credits (fade to black instead of dissolves) and including but not limited synch problems as well. Fox has said they will replace discs with the proper restored version but they should never have been released to begin with.
B006BDHAX0|1.0|Wish I could get into the app to rate it. Won't download. says needs wi-fi, which I do. Stuck. can't delete it, can't play it. Thank goodness this app was free, and didn't pay for this headache.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game! It keeps you going and makes time pass quickly!  it is very difficult to put down especially if you are a competitive person.
0061992860|4.0|If you are the survivalist or just a camper this is a must have book.  It gives detailed accounts on almost every thing you could imagine.  It arrived in the condition as was described.  There were no surprises.  The description was accurate.  I will do future business with the seller.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I don't like the add pop up after each deal but that is,what makes it free so I can deal with it.
B0055SWM08|5.0|relaxing fun puzzle game with great music.highly recommend to all.  ever since I got it I haven't been able to put it down.
1451627289|4.0|King picked the low-hanging fruit and avoided controversy, cited one of the most debunked and discredited \\"authorities\\" as his #1 resource for \\"facts\\" about the Kennedy assasination and crafted a long but consistently engaging story around it. Nice work of fiction but it would have been truly inspirational if a mind as fertile as his would have left the ages something more than this about \\"our 9/11.\\" He was certainly capable of it; it's a shame he turned away from the abyss and left a message saying that it isn't there.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|When it first started I never really was into it not that I watched it&didnt like it but I usally watched Crimnial minds on wed nights at 9. When they were doing reruns midyear last year I watched&fell in love with it. This show is one of the funniest shows ever. Each Character is funny in their own way. Claire with always having to be right Phill with trying to be the \\"Cool Dad\\" Jay&gloria I love&think they can make anything funny. Mitch always trying to be the more serouis parent but Cam always finds a way to make him kinda crazy ahahah. Cam just being funny in genral. I give this show&dvd 10+++++ stars. This dvd set has all the epsidoes&some behind the scences footage. I also have season 2&will etheir pre order or get season 3 as soon as it comes out
B004O3YGMC|1.0|I've spent so much time trying to get this app to connect to my desktop I lost track of the hours. I am not a newbie user. I am an IT professional.  I have used other remote desktop apps like Xtralogic remote desktop that is much easier to set up and use.
B003L77G06|5.0|This is the best comedy on television. Great stories, super cast makes me laugh every time. Can't wait to watch this season 2 set.
B005HSL626|5.0|this game is so much fun! there is also one for 99 cents but don't get it cause it costs money and has less blades than this one! so that one is a waste! this one is ALOT better!
0307959856|2.0|I do not fault PD James for not capturing Austen's voice more precisely. Who could? Nor do I fault her for wanting to work in Austen's world exploring a future for these fascinating characters. I have always refused to read any P&P sequels and yet happily gave in to reading this one because I am such a fan of PD James' writing. I figured who better than James to attempt this?  But... Death Comes to Pemberley is tedious, pedantic, and sorely lacking Jane Austen's light, humorous touch.  First, although I imagine James wanted to make her book accessible to anyone regardless of whether or not they were already familiar with Pride and Prejudice, huge chunks of the book are given over to the re-telling of the original plot. Huge chunks. Austen's P&P is plot-heavy with lots of little prejudices, opinions and nuances and so it takes up quite a bit of space to fully bring an uninitiated reader up to speed, boring the rest of us in the process.  Next, James spends much of the book piecing out historical lessons on exactly how the English courts worked in 1797 and what jails looked like and the hierarchy of the law and Magistrates...and I'm weary just from typing all this. Austen didn't explain her world, her audience already understood it, and so she just got on with the story. I wish Ms. James had.  But what an uninteresting, dull story it turns out to be. Only the promise of a ball, never achieved. No parties, dances, scandalous flirtations, no FUN. Little wit, no humor, just a plodding and somewhat unbelievable murder mystery along with a few modern day psychological explanations as to why certain characters behave as they do. For instance, we discover that Wickham isn't simply a delicious and charming cad... No! He just didn't get enough love as a little boy. And Alveston, why might he be the better match for Georgianna? Because he can quote feminist writer Mary Wollstonecroft, of course. Again and again Darcy apologizes for being brought up a rich, proud landowner, fornot expressing his feelings more freely, heck, for things that aren't even his fault!  Why do I give it even 2 stars? Because of the promise of a good tale that marked the first several chapters of the book. Reading the first section of the book I was expectant, hopeful, and yes, entertained. But it did not last.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|what is the difference between this one and the free one? if is different I will get this one. I love the free one!
B004SBX112|5.0|great and addicting great to finally have ad free apps. plus its everything I expected and more!! tell your friends, recommend to yourself.
B004ECDNJU|5.0|I don't have it but kit is terrible and good at the same time ya so unhurt juhhh. :( :)
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I like angry birds.Rio!!!! its very exciting and fun. I love the fact of not just trying to defeat pigs but trying to defeat monkeys,parrots,exotic birds, and still pigs!!! play one game and I guarantee.you'll be hooked!! :)
B005PTYOTE|4.0|My wife bought me this set off my wish list.  Getting 3 movies in bluray format for $20 is a great deal.  I love all 3 Mission Impossible movies and that is why I give 3 stars.  However, I am not pleased with the bluray quality and that is the reason why I do not give this set 5 stars.  I guess most \\"older\\" movies do not transfer well to bluray so I should be more lenient.  Then again, for $20 you get these movies in bluray packaging and you get 3 movies.  Maybe I should go ahead and give it 4 stars.  I think I will.
B005HI4LLY|4.0|A hilarious satire of backwoods horror conventions, Tucker & Dale VS Evil is a smashing good time.  Good natured hillbillies Tucker (Alan Tudyk) and Dale (Tyler Labine) plan on spending some time at Tucker's vacation cabin and do some fishing and work, only to run afoul of a group of college kids that completely have the wrong idea about the situation.  Before you know it, the college kids think Tucker and Dale are inbred hillbillies trying to kill them, and it isn't long before the blood and guts start flying.  What makes Tucker & Dale VS Evil so enjoyable isn't just how it turns the typical horror conventions on its head or flat out makes fun of them, but the delightful chemistry between Labine and Tudyk.  Not to mention the fact that these accident prone teens die in some flat out hysterically gruesome ways.  Also featuring uber-hottie Katrina Bowden as one of the few people here with a functioning brain, Tucker & Dale VS Evil is a hilarious blast that horror fans will no doubt love.
B000K8EQ5W|5.0|After watching the movie Speed, I fell in love with Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves movies. So you cant imagine my excitement when I found this movie. This movie completely dug its way into the depths of my heart. The plot was solid and completely pwnsome! (lol). The way the movie played through was completely wonderful. The combined acting talents of both Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves delivered this movie in a jewel incrusted platinum platter. The production of this movie was outstanding and the setting they used was completely magical and added more to the romance. The music used in the movie added more imphasis to each scence easily created the mood. Above all else, the way the plot moved along was great. I guess the only thing to do now is read the book and watch the movie again. SPOILER ALERT: You Will Cry At The Romantic Ending!!! :D
B005ZUR724|1.0|Why is Amazon charging $6.99? All Game loft games are on sale the past few days including today for $0.99. Look in the android market and you will see this same game for $6.00 less. Why is Amazon trying to charge us Kindle users extra money for the same game? This is ridiculous and I planned to buy this game, now forget it. Game Loft loses money for the game and monthly fee. Amazon needs to fix their store. They block out tons of games that work fine on the kindle and they charge higher prices than the regular market for same games, poor service.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I love this app. its on my kindle fire, Mac and blackberry and I can access my docs anywhere. so convenient I recommend it all the time. can't think of any improvements I would like to see yet.
B003Y5H5FG|4.0|Charlie (Anton Yelchin) is a high school senior still trying to figure out how a former dork like him is dating Amy (Imogen Poots) the hottest chic in school. He is so uncool that he doesn't even have a car and his junker motorbike won't even start. He has to ride to school with Amy and 2 other girls.<br /><br />Next door trouble brews as a new neighbor Jerry (Colin Farrell) moves in and seems to be ripping out the guts of his home and throwing it into a dumpster. Charlie's mom, who is a real estate agent, is upset because the clutter next door is not attractive and lowering property values in their near Las Vegas suburb. It is a good thing that Charlie's garage is full of real estate signs with big wooden stakes. He's going to need them as Jerry is a vampire. Even Ed (Christopher Mintz-Plasse), Charlie's old dork friend tries to tell him that Jerry is a vampire.<br /><br />Charlie and Ed argue and walk away mad and Charlie thinks his old friend is just still a dork kid that he doesn't want to be around. Problem solved, Ed disappears as well as many other kids from the high school. Charlie sees some evidence and now he believes but is it too late.<br /><br />Jerry wants Charlie, his mom and his girlfriend to just go away by becoming part of his coven. What follows is a graphic and bloody battle with Jerry and Charlie enlists the help of Peter Vincent (David Tennant) who is a vampire aficionado and Las Vegas show star. You will like this remake as it is very good and the video graphics are first class. Just don't be afraid of the dark!
B0016LGB1Y|5.0|I was stunned at the improvement in the audio quality of this SHM remaster over the original CD I bought years ago. Absolutely worth the cost if you are a fan of this CD.  VideoVic
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|It is a tough time in Mississippi in the 1960s for black Americans. The social stigma of segregation and racism is running strong and the help feel it the most in their daily lives and work. This movie is about an important time in American history when times are changing and assassinations are taking place in our country.<br /><br />Young college graduate \\"Skeeter\\" (Emma Stone) is looking for a job after being turned down in New York to be a writer and editor. She gets a job working for the local Jackson Mississippi Journal newspaper as a column writer for house cleaning. Unfortunately for her she has never cleaned in her life and has to ask a black maid, Aibileen Clark (Viola Davis), to help her answer cleaning questions. One question leads to another and Skeeter wants to write a book written from the maid's point of view. During these times this was punishable by imprisonment and both of them have to be careful in this risky and courageous endeavor.<br /><br />Skeeter also would like to know what happened to her old friend and the real mother who raised her, the maid Constance. Digging in Skeeter finds a world of racism, prejudice and hatred that is shocking to her. Blacks have to use their own toilets, buses, schools, hospitals, stores, eating utensils and prisons. While working for minimum wage and no social benefits they are the mothers and caregivers for white children whom they love like their own while they cannot even care for their own kids as they are always working.<br /><br />One of the best roles in the movie is \\"Minnie\\" (Octavia L. Spencer) who is a black maid working for the worst racist in town. She is wrongly fired and she joins into the book writing group. Stories told are that the colored help raise the white children who love them and in 20 years they are the boss and are just like their parents because of the social stigmas. The maids want to explain how they feel about it.<br /><br />This movie is sad and wonderful at the same time. The friendships and trusts that develop are amazing and the help finally getting to speak their mind about how they are treated and how they feel about their lives. More maids join in and the book becomes a masterpiece that brings to light the racial inequality in America at that time. This movie has Oscar Awards written all over it and I could not agree more.dships and trusts that develop are amazing and the help finally getting to speak their mind about how they are treated and how they feel about their lives. More maids join in and the book becomes a masterpiece that brings to light the racial inequality in America at that time. This movie has Oscar Awards written all over it and I could not agree more.
0439023513|5.0|I was reluctant to read this book based on all the negative reviews and ended up being surprisingly happy with the ending of the trilogy. This was my 2nd favorite book in the series (with the first being my favorite). Here is the good and bad based on my views.  Bad - If you are looking for a love story with a happy ending that leaves you feeling good about the world than you will surely be disappointed in this book. The bottom line here is that this is a book about war and how war brings out the worst that humanity has to offer. In war, people die....good people and bad people. People also lie cheat and steal to get to their desired end result. Trauma changes people in a way that moves them away from their goals and pushes them in different directions. This is not a pretty story where everyone rides off into the sunset so if that is what you are looking for stop after the first book.  Good - This was a wonderful ending to the series that tied everything together in a way that made sense. Although fiction, the story and ending were very plausible and not sugar coated. After reading the poor reviews I was sure I was going to hate this book and find myself disappointed but to the contrary I found myself very pleased with the ending. There were also numerous comments about lack of character development and I found that the characters were very realistic and changed in a way that would be reflective of the trauma they experienced. I felt very satisfied with the way the story ended and it didn't leave me guessing about \\"what if\\". There was a sense of finality and closure to the story.   I read the first book in 3 days and couldn't put it down. The second book took me a bit longer to get through and this last book started off slow for me but once I got past the midpoint I couldn't put it down and finished the second half of the book in days. I can't wait for the movie to come out, but am sure they will play up the love story side a bit more than the book.   If you enjoyedthe first 2 books and are open minded about the ending, you won't be disappointed. I am thankful I didn't let the negative reviews dissuade me from reading this book. HOwever, I am glad I read them because they prepared me to be open minded and allow the story to unfold naturally instead of in the way my mind would have contrived it based on idealism.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I was initially skeptical of this being a \\"Battle Royale\\" rip-off but quickly got drawn in once I started reading. This one goes by fast - looking forward to finishing the trilogy!
B003VANOFY|5.0|Another outstanding product from Logitech! I purchased this headset and I glad I did! Due to nature of my business-I spend hours and hours using Skype program. Let me tell you, this headset is a life saver! Quality build, awesome audio, unbelievable range and microphone reception are very impressive! Set up is so easy, even Caveman can do it :) Battery life as advertised. No complains whatsoever!
0756686970|5.0|My kids are lego fanatics and this book has has been a big hit!  They love the minifigure it comes with and can't wait to see if they can complete their mini figure collection.
B00007FOMP|2.0|WARNING....I BOUGHT THIS ON MP3 VERY DISSAPPOINTED I'LL TELL YOU WHY...THE END OF THE SONGS ARE CUT OFF...ON SOME OF THE SONGS THEY HAVE A CHORUS ENDING AND ITS NOT THERE..AMAZON IF THERE WAS A MISTAKE LET ME KNOW...YOU CANT FOOL ME I KNOW EVERY PIECE OF THIS ALBUM BEGINNING TO END..DONT BUY THE MP3 ...
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Absolutely wonderful.  I have watched it three times and have cried at the ending three times.  I have given it as gifts.  Wow!!
B003L77GHE|5.0|Product was shipped and delivered very quickly and was as described. Would recommend this seller and would buy from the again. Thanks!
B004Z7AHTI|3.0|I've received two copies of this Blu-Ray/DVD and still haven't been able to get the DVD to play.  We don't have a Blu-Ray player yet, so I can't comment on the quality of the movie itself at this point. :)  The DVD when inserted starts buzzing wickedly and won't load on either a stand-alone DVD player or my computer drive.  I now notice Amazon has yanked its inventory but it was enough work to get an exchange on the first one, so I'm not sure what I'll do at this point.  Bought it for $10.99 on Thanksgiving and there's no way I'll find that price now.  To Amazon's credit, they did refund the difference to me to basically get me an even exchange, but now that the second one is bad too I'm not sure I want to risk it again.<br /><br />EDIT: just wanted to add that the included DVD does play on my PCs DVD drive and also on a newer stand-alone, so it must just have issues with older DVD players.
B004FOA84A|4.0|This was a great finding clues type of game but it was way two short. It should of been a free game because of the length. I would download the next one tho, because it really was neat.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a very fun game. lots of different games to keep you interested. will definitely be keeping this game.
B0042J6VUS|1.0|It could be cool, but the clip that holds the phone in popped off the first time I used it, a poor design.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really like this game+  it was free plenty of these games are apps alone but this app saves a lot of space
B004ECDNJU|2.0|its horrible. once I turend the game on I wanted to uninstall strait away. trust me, its a waist of time.
B001AQO41E|5.0|Still holds up well after 30 years, scared my 12 and 10 year olds translates well over to blu ray
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Works right- protects the screen and makes the Fire easier to hold. It's not heavy duty, but I'm very happy with the purchase.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I love this CD! Celine Dion has a voice that never quits! The song \\"The Prayer\\" is pure magic. And the song \\"Christmas Eve\\" is delightful! It is a Christmas song that is upbeat, happy and sweet; a song that is rarely played at the holidays, which I don't understand, because it is such a terrific song! I never heard it played on our \\"Christmas Music Station\\", so I had to buy the CD so I could listen to it whenever I wanted, and I'm so glad I did! \\"Brahms' Lullaby\\" is so beautiful and tender, and it made me think, this is what it would sound like at Celine's house, where her husband listened at the door as his wife sang to her babies.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|so fun. i love it, I have a kindle fire and its a nice artistic way to show your talent.
032180354X|2.0|The photograph's were almost all shot at night or in a dark studio. Which normally would be fine but then the author shows how the lighting equipment was shot IN A DARK ROOM which means in almost every shot you cannot see any details nor can you tell where most of the equipment is set up or even what the lighting equipment looks like. It would have been better if the book had been taller so you could get a better idea of how everything was set up. Plus it would have been a much better book if they showed the details of the studio set up in a well lit studio. Plus the photo's for the most part are terrible.  Everything I have seen from Strobist.com and especially David Hobby has been superb and since this author uses the name Strobist on the cover I assumed that this was either by them or related to the Strobist content but it turns out that it is not. ( I ordered the book before it was published so I did not get to preview it prior to ordering).   The text he has in the first few chapters (the first 18 pages) is very good like when he is talking about radio triggers is good but the rest of the book is pretty much a waste of time.  I have been reading Peachpit Press for many years and I am very surprised that they let this get out the door.  Last but not least, the model on page 28 has obviously never had a beautiful woman in his lap before because he looks scared to death as he is kissing her.  Michael
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Angry Birds is a extremely fun, but addicting, game/app. It's difficult at times, which is good braised it actually makes your brain think which way to shoot the birds. There are two thongs that bug me about this app/game. One thing is when I can't pass a level. And the second thing is all the pop up adds. Well, I guess that's a small price to pay for an awesome free game/app.
B004ECDNJU|1.0|worst free paid app ever. they would have to pay me to download this app again, let this app die, do not support large corps with bogus apps.
B004ECDNJU|4.0|It was a fun game for free, just not my favorite. I played multiple levels at varied speeds and it just couldn't keep my attention. but for free, I cant complain much
B003O86FMW|5.0|I don't even have words to describe how good this book it.  I read this book so quickly, about three days!  It was as good as the first book!  Collins does a great job of keeping the reader engaged and leaves you wanting more at the end.  If you haven't read this series yet, you really need to.  It is listed as Young Adult but I think any age would enjoy this novel.
1451648537|5.0|The is a remarkable book; a true achievement. It is both the biography of an individual and a company. Steve Jobs was a remarkable executive and visionary who created a remarkable company, Apple. The copy I have is a hardback given to me for Christmas by my son. I found it ironic that I read this biography in its \\"atomic\\" form rather than in electrons on my iPad.  Great read and worth the price.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book was AMAZING!  I couldn't put it down.  I was reading this book while walking down the halls at work with my nose buried in it!  Collins does a great job developing the characters and making that connection between them and the reader. She leaves you wanting more by the end of the novel!  I highly suggest this book!
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love spider solitaire and this is the best one! I downloaded another free one first but the cards were slow moving and it was very annoying. This one moves smooth and has more options for settings, I love it!
B005ZUR724|5.0|Game is back up. Its pretty fun mmo. Everyone needs to try to update again. Look me up in game ...Jamos5790
B004ECDNJU|5.0|I am color blind and like the game, but thanks to all of you for looking out for me. Twenty
B006BDHAX0|3.0|nice version of mahjong, but the game randomly quits a lot. some levels make the tiles so small that it becomes difficult to click on the right one. there are some rendering issues with slightly offset stacks, making it hard to tell what tiles are free to use. the time based scoring combined with automatic reshuffling takes away the skill of attempting to work on tall stacks first. i don't quite get which flowers can be combined and why.. most of these issues will hopefully get fixed over time. worth a try
1416550550|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a woman in a bookstore.  She briefly described the story and since I was looking for suggestions, I purchased the book.  It is just a wonderful story.  The author was very descriptive and I enjoyed how the story moved from current settings to more historical settings.  This book made me a fan of Kate Morton.  I have since read her other two books and enjoyed them equally.
B005I6EU7U|4.0|I didn't notice all of the 1 star reviews when I bought this.  Had I, I may never have bought it.  So glad I did though.  Fits perfectly and looks great.  Holds the Kindle Fire firmly within, while protecting it from dust and damage.  Not saying it will protect it from major drops or dust storms, but helps keep the Kindle protected.  Sitting on the desk, looks attractive and reminds me of a personal journal/diary.  Feels comfortable to hold also.  I am recommending this even though I believe it should be priced closer to $20.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|This CD is very nice; every song is unique and it doesn't get old. I bought it for my husband and he was pleasantly surprised. I listened to it during a long trip and it was great company. My husband listens to it on his way to work. I definitely suggest it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a nice app when you are bored. Works great on the kindle fire. I would recommend for anyone that likes solitaire and doesn't want to break out a deck of cards!
B000V4UFZK|4.0|The remastered DVD and Blu-Ray of Steven Spielbergs masterpiece POLTERGEIST will have those goosebumps freshly painted all over your body. Though after seeing it again after all those years, the scares were a little less intimidating (I Genuinely had nightmares for years after seeing Poltergeist the first time as a teenager)as they were in its debut. Poltergeist still evokes a fearful trip through the story of a cemetary full of unhappy ghosts that retaliate on a family whose house was built over their unmarked graves. The Headstones may have been removed to make way for a housing development, but the bodies still remain in the ground beneath the new homes. [[ASIN:B000V4UFZK Poltergeist (25th Anniversary Edition)]]
B005K17RU0|5.0|this is the best weather app I've found so far. it has it all, short range long range and current. so I love it!!!
B0030Y11XS|5.0|The world is spiraling into chaos and anarchy, mostly due to the consequences of corporate greed. Michael Moore spells out the sad direction of humankind as the regular folk who's taxes pay for the bailouts offered to the Big Corporations, who see no end to the amount of gain they can squeeze from earths population. Capitalism a Love Story is a poignant observation of this devastating greed. Buy Capitalism a Love Story on DVD to see for yourself, where we are headed, you'll find yourself watching again, and sharing this story with others.[[ASIN:B0030Y11XS Capitalism: A Love Story]] a true eye opener [[ASIN:B0030Y11O2 Capitalism: A Love Story [Blu-ray]]]
B004NELBPC|1.0|Talk about Liberal propaganda.....  Horrible app!! Don't even bother if you don't like spoon fed bias. Liberals will be happy.
B005CA4SQK|5.0|This DVD set is great.  The discs are good quality, and the black & white option for the pilot is really cool.  We're only on the first disc, and haven't checked out the special features yet.  We didn't watch this series on TV, so it's nice to watch the episodes at our leisure.
B0034G4P80|5.0|What you need to know about this movie is that Kenneth Branaugh directs it, and he is a Shakespearean.  The legend of Thor calls for big and grand anyway, but then you throw in Mr. Branaugh and his team and you wind up with a movie that some thought was too melodramatic.  I loved it, but it's not a typical superhero movie.  Thor isn't wisecracking all the time, he doesn't have amusing sidekicks next to him nonstop, and the love story isn't anguished.  Natalie Portman plays a competant, spirited, scientific Jane Foster (rather than the paramedic like the cartoon) and has some friends along for the ride who provide some laughs, but the majority of the story is fairly serious.  The visual aspects of the film are great, and it's a film I can watch multiple times because of the quality of the story.  And yes, for all you skeptics out there, I will admit that Chris Hemsworth and Natalie Portman make a very good looking couple that doesn't hurt the watchability of the film either.  :)  It was a no brainer for me to buy but it's not for everyone.
B0063IH60K|3.0|each deal is either a possible winner or a no hope loser. once you know you can't win you just deal again.  it would be better if there were more challenge.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this app use it all the time.  Multiple options for backgrounds, cards and such.  I recommend it highly
B0063IH60K|5.0|ive. always liked solitaire so for me this is a great game. it works fine, has no glitches, no bells and whistles. if only I could win more often...
0743298039|5.0|First I love puchasing used books from AMazon's list of used book vendors. It's amazing to buy a book so cheaply and in such good condition. Diane Seiterfield does a great job with this tale, very intriging with a great turn of the word now and then. I highly recommend this book and Amazon used books. Sandra
B0025KW29U|5.0|Dr. Horrible's Sing-A-Long Blog is one of the funniest things I have ever watched. I absolutely adore Joss Whedon and think pretty much everything he touches turns to gold, but this is perfect on so many levels. The casting is incredible. Nathan Fillion is one of the most amazing actors EVER, in my opinion. His usual charm is played into the perfect 'corporate tool'. A good guy who is just so cheesy. I love him. NPH is incredibly awesome and just loveable enough to be the bad-guy you want to root for. And Felicia Day is super cute! The songs are great and I dare you to not get them stuck in your head. I love this so much, I can't imagine anyone not loving it. I think everyone should at least try it.
0385534639|1.0|I SO wanted to like this book. I really did. But the characters are just so flat, so un-alive that I never could get to liking it. The first two-thirds of the book are unbelievably slow and boring. The last part does pick up a little, but I regret spending my life reading this. It isn't really a novel but more like an unmagical picture of a magical world filled with shallow, un-feeling characters. The depiction of the circus is inventive, but the story line is pure boredom. Read something else if you want real magic or real romance or real writing.
1934356476|3.0|Reading this book is like being trapped in an all-day team building exercise.  There's a lot of good information, but you'll have to skim through a lot of bad dialog to find it. For reasons I can't understand, the book superglues you to an annoying and badly-written \\"programming buddy\\" named Bill, and way too much of what the book has to teach is buried in his dialog. A third of the book could be pruned by nixing Bill, and the book would be more understandable and less painful to read as a result.   Entire chapters are spent on topics that could be dispensed with in a few paragraphs and the beginning of the book lingers on information that an intermediate programmer would already know. But the strange dialog style buries information so it's difficult to skim or skip. This improves towards the end.  The following quote is an example of what you're in for:  \\"Forget about method_missing() for now -- we'll get to that this afternoon. To introduce Dynamic Methods, allow me to tell you a story from my youth,\\" he says. \\"When I was a young developer learning C++\\", Bill muses, \\"my mentors told me that when you call a method, you're actually sending a message to an object. It took me a while to get used to that concept. Of course, if I'd been using Ruby back then, that notion of sending messages would have come more naturally to me.\\" Bill launches into a mini-presentation.  A few sentences later comes this: \\"'Wait a minute,' you interject. 'Why on Earth would I use send() instead of the plain old dot notation?'\\"  Why on Earth, indeed.  It's condescending, wrong-headed, distracting and agonizing. The concept is very badly suited to the subject matter and that's a shame; the author obviously knows the material and the book could have been excellent. But for some reason, someone decided the book would use a tone usually reserved for explaining rules to slow children. I suspect the book's trying to mimic Why's Poignant Guide to Ruby, which is a horrible trend I see creeping intoother Ruby books.  Criticism aside, this is the best book I've found on the topic to date. Bring a highlighter with you and try to ignore Bill. This is the best you'll find for the moment.
B005COO1X6|3.0|I LOVE Stephen King books.  I can still remember reading \\"Carrie\\" when I was a kid, and many of his other wonderful books too.  I was excited to read a short story, since I am really busy.  The book was interesting enough and had a unique plot going.  I wondered how everything would be resolved, then it just ended too abruptly.  The idea for the book was great, but I would say that there should have been a lot more to it.  This is the first book from Stephen King (which I have read) which has been disappointing.  I do not want to give any examples for fear of spoiling the plot, but I am so glad it was a cheap Kindle purchase.
8862937148|5.0|I purchased my first moleskin calender only last year, but already I seem to be lost without it. Its layout allows to keep your dates under control while providing enough space for notes, shopping lists and what else you feel like writing down. It fits into a pocket easily and if you tend to carry around a pen anyway, like me, it makes for a nice companion throughout the year.
B000003TAW|5.0|Although weezer doesn't have a greatest hit CD, this is the next best CD! It has all the old classic's!
0307959856|3.0|At first I was thrilled to re-encounter familiar names- Meryton, Longbourne, Netherfield Park, etc. But PD James has sucked the life from the characters. The wit and intelligence of Elizabeth, the passion of Darcy have disappeared from the sequel. Lizzie and Darcy have become dull, their lives are dull even with the addition of a murder;duty triumphs over all. Were it not for my acquaintance with these characters from the original Jane Austen book, I'd have no interest whatever in their lives as portrayed by PD James. I rate this book \\"meh
B0030A0ZD4|5.0|Love it! Glad this was released on blue ray. We looked everywhere for this video and were ecstatic to find it here.
B006BDHAX0|4.0|works great plays well looks good don't know why everyone is scoring so low. played a few games and tried some options all is working well
B006BDHAX0|1.0|not good constantly force closed good thing it was free un installed right away  do not  download and save your time  EVO 3d
B004ECDNJU|2.0|The game works fine. It's simply boring. The gameplay is extremely slow and there is nothing to keep your interest. There are too many free apps that are so much more entertaining to bother wasting your time with this one. No one should pay for this.
B005RYF5JA|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite music DVD's.  The women are so talented and beautiful.   The songs move my Irish / Scottish heart. Give it a listen, you will love it.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I have been. playing. these games for days now some are hard but otherwise I have been enjoying. myself. especially since it's free
B005NPBTQ6|4.0|Like Lenny Kravitz or The Black Crowes, you could play spot-the-influence with Ryan all day long. This might be the first \\"Ryan Adams\\" Ryan Adams album. It's everything I like about him. All his strengths are present.<br /><br />No need to go through the songs, the whole album is high quality and very consistent. Some have said too consistent. First single \\"Lucky Now\\" is easy on the ears, and if you like that, you'll enjoy all of Ashes & Fire.<br /><br />Maybe I'm easy to please, as I love the rock of his Rock N Roll album as much as I like the rainy day tunes on Love Is Hell. But if I had to choose just one Ryan, this is the one. He has so much talent, AND the love of Mandy Moore. Bastard.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this game because it gives u a chalinge and it is so funnn&ntilde;nnn! I hope every body loves like I do!
1573225517|4.0|I'm a music nut. I own 700 vinyl albums, 1000 cds, and have 10,000+ songs on my ipod. I'm also a late 30's man, and like my title says, man could I relate to this book.<br /><br />It is so well written. But it wasn't just the band names dropped or pop culture references, it was a peek into how a mans mind works. My mind. I felt like I was Rob, or at least like Rob and I should be best friends or something. The thoughts on women, life, all the inner monologue. Totally made sense to me. One quote on the books back says \\"don't let women get to this, there's too many secrets to be found\\". Funny and true.<br /><br />Like many I saw the movie first and loved it, but like most books this goes much deeper than the film. A must for my fellow rockers pushing forty.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I actually really enjoyed this book. I read it on my Kindle Fire. I had a free \\"rental\\" of a book so I decided to read this.  I'm not a big book person but figured I'll try it out.  As I read the book, I was hoping the girliness of the book wouldn't ruin it, and it doesn't.   I was surprised how graphic this book really is, since it is geared towards teens.   The details are great, and I could really connected with the characters in the story.  I really into this book.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|A fully customizable experience. Tons of Bible reading plans available, and all the major versions are available. My favorite Bible app, bar none.
B006BDHAX0|3.0|Great array of arrangements, and functional. But like others say, it crashes randomly. Also, if you navigate off your current game to check something its gone; can't get back to it. Once its fixed it will be 5 stars. HTC Evo 4G.
1594481717|1.0|What I can add to the absolutely justified bad reviews of this book is this: Pink's speculations are based on a complete neglect of the history of aesthetic thought. At the base of his claim that we have reached an epoch of creative, holistic, right brain-dominated thinking is the assumption that aesthetic and emotional concerns became suddenly important in the \\"first world\\" after the Information Age. This is, of course, completely Euro American-centered and 21st century-centered. Additionally, his prescriptions to gain right-brain mental power are overly simplistic and do nothing but trivialize dedicated creative activity thus contradicting the supposed preeminence of the right brain-dominated thinking he is trying to argue for. There are many more negative points to this book that have been clearly put forward in previous reviews (poor empirical data, superficial arguments, farfetched categorizations), so I just wanted to finish this short review mentioning that the fact that the kindle version is more expensive than the paperback appears completely outrageous to me. The digital version does not deserve you paying one dollar for it. Five dollars for the paperback would already be too expensive for anyone and a sad waste of trees.
B00280LYIC|5.0|I love this book, this whole series actually, but I would really want to read a series that is basically the same things happening, but to see it in Annabeth's perspective, and to see how she felt about things.   I'm not saying that this is a bad book, not at all. It is myfavorite series. That is just a suggestion. Read this book!!!!!
B003G4W49C|5.0|An ebook that should be in the library of all Science Fiction fans.  Covers an area of S.F. that hasn't been covered much in the past, ergo young kids as heroes and anti heroes.  Good read for &#34;kids&#34;.........  First ebook that i bought, way back when.
B0063IH60K|5.0|if you like solitaire, you will love this app!  Easy to install. No gliches.  Also includes a &quot;tips&quot; feature in case you get stuck.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its very touchy on a lot of the games. I wouldn't recommend a few of the games though some are ok. this is why I gave this game 3 stars
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This animated tale of a giant green ogre living in the swamps of Never Neverland remains one of my favorite films of the genre.  Joining \\"Toy Story\\" of a couple years earlier, animated filmmakers began to make movies that would keep the youngsters entertained as well as mom and dad.  While the computer generated animation doesn't compare to the Pixar fare, the writing does.<br /><br />Shrek the ogre (Mike Myers) agrees to rescue the beautiful princess (Cameron Diaz) for a dwarf Lord Farquaad (John Lithgow).  This will allow Farquaad to become king.  In return, Shrek will regain control of his swamp that the lord had populated with old Disney cartoon characters.  No I'm not kidding.  Aiding Shrek on his quest is Donkey (a very very funny Eddie Murphy).  A secret that Princess Fiona has kept will upset the applecart as it were as the story progresses.  The kids will love this movie and there are plenty of inside jokes that will be recognized by the adults.  And where else will you hear a beautiful rendition of Leonard Cohen's \\"Hallelujah\\" sung by John Cale?
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I was doing online shopping for Christmas and came accross the 8 disc set and knew that I had to get it for my husband.  He has always been a fan of the series and the price was perfect.  This came in new condition and my husband loves it!
B006OB3K1A|4.0|In this lurid tale of sexual addiction, director and co-writer Steve McQueen teams up again with Michael Fassbender (\\"Hunger\\").  Brandon (Fassbender) is a moderately successful sales manager that outwardly appears to be just a regular single guy in Manhattan.  Behind closed doors (or open windows) he can't get enough sex.  If he can't get it by picking up girls, he will resort to prostitutes or internet porn.  If that's inconvenient, then there's the old fashion do it yourself method.  He has no interest in relationships.  In the one tryst he has with a co-worker who wants something beyond sex, Brandon can't pull the trigger.  There's something clearly wrong with this guy.<br /><br />His life becomes complicated when his sister (Carey Mulligan in another terrific performance) shows up at his apartment uninvited.  Their initial encounter when he walks in on her in the shower alerts us that something is amiss.  He has an unusually long conversation with her as she stands before him in all her full frontal glory.  Hmm.  The siblings couldn't be more different.  Brandon is almost a recluse.  He socializes but only if there is a chance for sex.  Sissy (Mulligan) is talkative, effervescent and looking for fun. She is a troubled soul however.<br /><br />We see this initially when Brandon and his boss (James Badge Dale, TV's \\"Rubicon\\") go to a club where Sissy has a gig singing.  In a featured scene she sings a sorrowful rendition of  \\"New York, New York\\" that brings a tear to Brandon...and me.  In another scene, Sissy cuddles up to Brandon in the middle of the night.  He rightfully throws her out but why would she do that?  In another scene, she says to him \\"we are not bad people; we just come from a bad place.\\"  Certainly a history of incest is suggested as the cause of their psychological damage.  Unfortunately, McQueen does little to flesh out this cause and effect background.<br /><br />The film is graphically presented in terms of language, nudity and sexual activity earning the NC-17 rating.  The performances by Fassbender and Mulligan are special and worthy of awards.  Many people will have trouble watching this film for a variety of reasons.  Once will do for the performances of the leads..  The performances by Fassbender and Mulligan are special and worthy of awards.  Many people will have trouble watching this film for a variety of reasons.  Once will do for the performances of the leads.
B004ECDNJU|1.0|this game sucked it got boring very fast and there is no way the colorbind could do this boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Ps happy new year
B0059XTUMC|4.0|You have to hand it to writer and director Michel Hazanavicius for coming up with this idea and especially that it works so well.  The technical aspects are well done.  Everyone knows the film has no sound, well almost.  There is a dream sequence where George Valentin (Jean Dujardin) hears sounds but he has no voice.  And of course the film is accompanied by an orchestrated soundtrack.  It even has the 4:3 (or 1.33:1 if you prefer) aspect ratio, the same as the original televisions.  Then there are the title cards which tell us what the actors are saying.  Like the original silent films, these aren't used often as the actor's job is to let us know what's going on with their performance.  Unlike many of the original silent films, you can actually see what the actor's are saying because the picture is clear enough to read their lips.  So the title cards pretty much enforce what we've already heard...ahem, seen.<br /><br />The story really isn't new.  It is a mash up of \\"Singing in the Rain,\\" the 1952 Gene Kelly masterpiece and the numerous iterations of \\"A Star is Born.\\"  Valentin is the most successful actor of his time.  Handsome, rugged, witty and very charming.  He meets Peppy Miller, a perfectly named wannabe actress/dancer played by long-stemmed Argentine beauty Berenice Bejo.  As the silent film era transitions to \\"talkies\\", Valentin doesn't.  At the same time, the adorable Peppy rises to the top.  Valentin loses his fortune after his self financed final film tanks and the stock market crashes.  It's 1929 and George is penniless, yet still proud and defiant.  After a struggle with the bottle he attempts suicide but is eventually saved by his very cute dog and then by Peppy.<br /><br />While their relationship remains chaste throughout, there is a smoldering fire within each of them.  Initially, George's marriage gets in the way, but his wife (Penelope Ann Miller) leaves him before all his money is lost.  I watch lot of old black and white movies and even silent ones, so I was not in shock seeing this film.  What may be surprising is that once you get past that, there is a wonderful romantic drama delivered by two talented actors.not in shock seeing this film.  What may be surprising is that once you get past that, there is a wonderful romantic drama delivered by two talented actors.
B005ZUR724|5.0|I bought this when it was a dime, and never got around to trying it until a couple days ago when I learned of the fire problem.  today's update fixes that, and I really enjoyed playing.
B000002KHH|1.0|Black Sabbaths Paranoid cd is a great old time heavy metal selection. But the one I recieved had low volume level in left channel, this made all songs terrible.
B000NYT1M6|4.0|My 5 year old grandson simply loved this truck.  It is solid and well built, which it needs to be, since he plays with it all day long.  Great product.  Highly recommended.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|A super needed item for all people read the word daily. Great Great.... Read it daily and enjoy. okay  by MommaNY
