B0000025ZK|3.0|I think this disc is fairly good but definatley is not Dave's best nor  does it stack up with his first solo which was made 6 years prior and was  titled David Gilmour.  It sounds alot like Momentary Lapse Of Reason and is  painfully 80's sounding.  Still,  it is worth the price just too hear Dave  strum his guitar and sing.  If you love Momentary then you better get this  one now cause you will be very pleased.  I actually prefer his first solo  or Division Bell more.  If you are new to Gilmour and the Floyd then leave  this one on the shelf and get the best.  I am of course talking about Dark  Side,  Wish You Were Here, Animals, The Wall and the Final Cut.  Those five  albums were made with Roger Waters and David Gilmour together and are the  finest five albums made.  If you are an experienced Floydian,  no  disrespect meant by listing those albums.  Just trying to guide the new  fans in the right direction.  God Bless
B000002JSZ|5.0|Every single reviewer is raving abot Back In Black and Highway To Hell and  how they are great. But... Rising Power, This House Is On Fire, Flick Of  The Switch are some of AC/DC's best. I believe that Back In Black, For  Those About To Rock, Flick Of The Switch, Razor's Edge, and Stiff Upper Lip  are ESSENTIAL Post-Bon. If you people ever get tired of BIB or HTH buy  Flick Of The Switch and ROCK!!!
B000002L6P|5.0|THIS IS HER BEST CD YET.DEFINETLY WORTH BUYING
0449227421|3.0|A young scientist studying links in genes to the potential for criminality  comes across two men, identical down to their DNA, raised separately and  born on different days. As she investigates, becoming more involved with  the law abiding twin, Steve, she discovers that there may be a third twin  still at large, who may be guilty of raping one of her friends.<br />This  starts off well, as an interesting yarn, but rapidly goes downhill,  especially when the words 'perfect soldier' leapt out at you. Right after  that the story falls flat. Clones and killing machines have been done  before, and combining them doesn't make any difference. The text is bogged  down in unnecessary details, such as obsessive details about how the female  lead dresses, and the ending is decidedly flat.<br />Follett can do amazing  thrillers and fascinating historical fiction, but this isn't one of them.  Aeroplane reading, but not much more. (It gets three stars for being  interesting at the start.)
B000002LTU|1.0|Just about everything Miles recorded is worth hearing--except this one.
B000002LND|5.0|I WAS NERVOUS WHEN I FIRST LISTENED TO THIS ALBUM AND ALL THE SONGS WERE  RE-SANG BY MADONNA. TO TELL THE TRUTH THOUGH SOME OF THE RE-MAKES ARE  BETTER THAN THE ORIGINALS.
B00003CXDG|1.0|i dont know what has gone wrong with mi2 .. the first was good .. it was one of my favorit's .. but since i heard that John Woo   is going to make  this one i knew that some thing well go wrong .. i hated this movie i realy  hated it , i mean i realy tryed to faind something good about it but i cant  .. the story would make a 6 years old kid feel stupid .. the acting was way  too bad , even the effects .. there wasnt any .. it felt like a van dam  movie .. but a lot more worse , if you didnt see the movie yet dont buy it  ,you only can rent it and see it once i mean some of you may like it .. but  i dont think that any body could stand seeing this stupid movie more than  once.
B00003CXHJ|1.0|It was a British submarine that captured the first enigmas and the Americans captured one at the end of the war. This film portrays the  Ameericans to have won the battle for the Eastern Seaboard. Those British  sailors would turn in their graves!<br />Watch at the end, the first few  enigmas were captured by her majesty's ships. A true disgrace of a film!
B00004WKII|5.0|James Marshall Hendrix has been the unfortunate victim of sleazy  merchandisers, cultural waifs seeking a hero, and misbegotten 70's  wanna-bes with too many Marshall ( coincidence ? ) stacks and not enough  talent. Now, with this mesmerizing box set, he is unleashed on the world a  second time, weeks before the 30th anniversary of his death. Let's hope the  pretenders and rip off artists get the message and Hendrix' legacy can be  etched in granite and left alone.<br />Every true Hendrix fan knows his  performances were usually sloppy and occasionally out of tune in the most  ear grinding  way. A detail man, he wasn't. But that's because he left the  I- dotting and t-crossing to imitators who had all the style and none of  the substance. Hendrix' unpredictable and sometimes frustrating  performances were due to his race track mind that wanted to do everything  now..and that's how he played.<br />This box set features a hefty dose of  material from the long deleted &quot;Hendrix In The West&quot;.  That's  good..very good. But early club show performances from 1966 show his skill,  imagination and soul were just starting to trickle. A year later, the dam  would burst and he would flood a befuddled and awe struck world with his  magic fingers and psychedelic machisimo. He had balls, baby, huge ones..and  they can be heard almost cut for cut here.<br />Simply put, you need this box  and you need it now ! Hendrix collectors will see that this pup is sold out  by the weekend. The late comers will do what they always do: cluelessly ask  what the fuss is all about and wonder what people were thinking in 1967. I  can tell you what we were thinking: we're hearing this Hendrix fresh outta  the box, and those coming behind us will never understand what is taking  place. So, Excuse me while I kiss this guy !
B00003CWTI|5.0|Anderson, is a genius. thats all i can really say. The first time i saw  the trailer for this movie, i said, i know thats gonna be a good movie, and  it turned out it was. It comes to show you that strange things happen all  the time, wether we want to face that fact or not.  I am certain, that  there is not a single person on this planet, that hasn't had something very  odd happen to them and they say to theirself &quot; thats something that  would only happen in a movie or a book&quot;.  I've watched this movie  numerous times and its breathtaking, everything about it is so lively, the  reason i feel people dont like this movie is because they can't face the  facts. If your a believer in strange occurances or just have different  views on life, or appreciate fine movies, this ones for you.
B00004TH83|3.0|I absolutely love I WILL LOVE AGAIN and after hearing it in a few clubs I  had to get the cd. Should've got the maxi single. If you like syrupy Celine  Dione/Tina Arena type stuff you'll love this cd. Don't get me wrong she has  a beautiful voice, but the material is very lacking, I WILL LOVE AGAIN  excluded.
B000002UAR|1.0|People should realize the difference between importance and greatness.   The beatles were by all accounts an important band, but the music they made  rarely lives up to their legacy.  This album is a good example of that.  It  sounds dated, and there's a lot of filler on it.  If you experienced this  music when it was released, then i don't expect you to find its sound stuck  in the 60's.  Today, with albums like loveless in existence, this album  pales in comparison from a production view point.  Not that all albums from  the sixties are irrelevant today.  Trout mask replica and exile on main  street are two albums that have stood the test of time.  As for the filler,  yellow submarine is by no means anything but a torture to listen to.  This  really is elevator music compared to the stones, zeppelin, stooges and even  some of the beach boys' albums.
068484267X|4.0|This book gives an incredible depiction of what it was like to live during  the Depression in both the US and in Ireland. It engages the reader from  the beginning and pulls at their heartstrings as the story is told from the  point of view of a young child who knows nothing else but poverty. I picked  it up and never put it down. Definitely recommended.
B000002UAR|1.0|People should realize the difference between importance and greatness.  The beatles were by all accounts an important band, but the music they made  rarely lives up to their legacy.  This album is a good example of that.  It  sounds dated, and there's a lot of filler on it.  If you experienced this  music when it was released, then i don't expect you to find its sound stuck  in the 60's.  Today, with albums like loveless in existence, this album  pales in comparison from a production view point.  Not that all albums from  the sixties are irrelevant today.  Trout mask replica and exile on main  street are two albums that have stood the test of time.  As for the filler,  yellow submarine is by no means anything but a torture to listen to.  This  really is elevator music compared to the stones, zeppelin, stooges and even  some of the beach boys' albums.
B00004WKII|5.0|As my title says, Jimis one was, is, and will always be the best guitar  ever. In The Jimi Hendrix Experience boxset, yaou have the possibility of  listening to a great artist in the whole faces he had. Thats when you  discover why he is called the great Guitarist ever...
B000002UAR|1.0|People should realize the difference between importance and greatness.   The beatles were by all accounts an important band, but the music they made  rarely lives up to their legacy.  This album is a good example of that.  It  sounds dated, and there's a lot of filler on it.  If you experienced this  music when it was released, then i don't expect you to find its sound stuck  in the 60's.  Today, with albums like loveless in existence, this album  pales in comparison from a production view point.  Not that all albums from  the sixties are irrelevant today.  Trout mask replica and exile on main  street are two albums that have stood the test of time.  As for the filler,  yellow submarine is by no means anything but a torture to listen to.  This  really is elevator music compared to the stones, zeppelin, stooges and even  some of the beach boys' albums.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|To be honest with you, I haven't even heard the entire album.  I have  heard the three popular songs (Guerilla Radio, Testify, the other one) and  they speak volumes.  The band has improved tremendously since the vocalist  dropped his poser b-boy stance.  Now it is possible to take what they say  seriously.  The singer's delivery sounds natural on these tracks, not  forced as in the past.  <br />I also love their &quot;Testify&quot; video,  directed by Michael Moore!
B00000J7A2|5.0|This is the first beefheart album i bought, and i found it very  accessible.  The reputation of TMR shouldn't take away from this album.  It  remains one of the best debuts not only for its influence on bands like  sonic youth but more importantly because of the music in it.  Electricity,  I'm Glad, Sure nuff, zig zag wanderer, and autumn's child are some of the  best rock music ever recorded while the rest of the album ranges from great  to excellent.  It's blues with a beefheart twist.
0792842731|4.0|Pierce Brosnan shows up again the second time around as the suave  sopshicated 007 James Bond, this time around he`s up against media mogul  Ellot Carver(Pryce)who wants to dominate the world through his t.v, radio,  and newspaper empire and tries to to ignite a war between Brittan and China  and himself getting the exclusive coverage, So Bond has 48 hours to  investigate and try to put a stop to Carver`s plans. Carver`s wife who at  one time was Bond`s former lover(Which One?!)tries to get information from  her. Once Carver finds out about her adultery he has her killed in Bond`s  Hotel room. Bond then joins up with Wai Lin a beautiful Chinese Secret  Agent who matches Bond in anything hold for hold. Memorable scene was when  Bond kills Carver with a massive cutting machine. As well the car chases  when Bond is being pursued by Carver`s men in a parking lot with Bond  controling the car the use of a handy pocket calculator. Basically this  film is like comfort food we know exactly what were ordering and how it  will turn out. For James Bond fans who have been follwing the series this  is one of the best in years. The sexism and Womanizing are completly gone  and thus makes a decent effort to change with the times.
B000002LFZ|5.0|I bought this CD on a whim -- while wandering around Cambridge, Mass's great little music store \\"In Your Ear.\\" It spawned a love affair with Fleetwood Mac (metaphorically, of course) that has persisted full-force to this very day. It's simply a wonderful disc -- filled with all the beauty and passion that pop music can hold. \\"Gypsy\\" and \\"No Questions Asked\\" are my favorites, but I could just put this entire album on repeat and be happy for hours. Buy it...regardless of what you thought of President Clinton.
067960085X|4.0|Seeing so many comments here about the character of Holly Golightly, I  wonder how many people realize that she was written to represent Capote's  friend, Marilyn Monroe.
0553573403|5.0|Let me add my voice to the 98% of reviewers who thought this an excellent  book (and the 1% who hated it but still couldn't put it down.)  This series  sets a new, and very high, standard for fantasy, particularly in the  quality of the writing and the structure of the story. Game of Thrones  assumes that the reader has a brain and is willing to use it.  The story  flows smoothly, despite the technically difficult multiple-POV structure.  Martin's writing is on the level of Robert Graves, Rebecca West or Lawrence  Durrell - very high praise.  He does not go in for literary weirdness.  Above all, this is a book written by a very highly skilled professional,  someone who knows the difficult mechanics of putting a long story together  and uses them to create a kind of magic.  Admittedly dark, and not entirely  free of the racist overtones endemic to this branch of literature, it's  still one of the most gripping, intense stories I've read in ten years.  Martin is incapable of writing a boring line.  Read the book.
0375501851|1.0|I'm always hungry for something new - especially from new writers. And I  too am more likely to finish every book I pick up. While Smith seems to  have a wonderful prose style and sense of humor, reading the long speeches  given by Samad Iqbal (aka &quot;Ick ball&quot;) was more like pulling  teeth. And Archie Jones, though believable, was absolutely unbearable!<br />I  usually read a book of this length in 2-4 evenings, but I've had this one  for about a month - I just can't do it!
B00004X0M6|4.0|LES RECOMIENDO ESTE DISCO YA QUE LO ESCUCHE POR MEDIO DE UN AMIGO Y ESTA  GENIAL COMO TODO LO QUE HACE  LAURA......
B00003CXCS|5.0|Brilliant Music, fantastic acting from all members of the star cast,  stupendous visuals....I would run out of superlatives in describing this  movie....<br />Why dosent Hollywood make such movies anymore ??
B000002U82|5.0|This is probably one of Pink Floyd's best-known works, amongst all the  other great albums. This is the kind of music you would want to listen to  after a hard day on the job and want to sit out on the courtyard,  overlooking the ocean. Dark Side of the Moon would probably, represents the  most well performed, balanced and in fact mature period in Floyd's career  at that time.<br />The brilliant lyrics, superb poetic ability, truly the  combination of the talent all put together and as a result, the best. In  other words, want to know Floyd, well here is a recommendation that you  will not regret.  Trust me!
B00000JSAW|5.0|The second I heard the CD I was entralled. It was amazing. I could feel  the emotions behind their music. It moved me. Most music I listen to is  shallow, and has no emotional depth. Fashion Nugget just calls to me. Yes,  I may be getting in a little deep, but I love this CD!! I listen to Going  the Distance nearly a hundred times over. I just can't get enough of it. I  will survive and Frank Sinatra are my second choice songs, even though  they're both great. They're differnent. I hope that anyone who reads this  will at least listen to the CD. It's worth it.
B00000HZTB|3.0|Dodgy repeat cover. Solid first side. Women is one of my favourites, but  Reed's alleged handiness with his fists make it potentially queesy, though.  Second side weaker. Reed tends to recycle songs endlessly and Satellite of  love turns up as Heavenly Arms with a ghastly and embarrassing chorus. JFK  song is naff. What was the Heroine all about? Fun but obscure. Maybe even  preposterous.
0380804557|5.0|beautifully characterized, two entirely different realms seperated by one  bodunk town, only coming together once every ten years for &quot;the  market&quot;  gaiman has lived up to his previous works.
B000002LQD|5.0|Always regret discovering this gem too late to see the concerts. His  biographer stated this was an album that people dutifully kept in their  racks but seldom listen to. I disagree. It moved me to tears. The naunce  and atmosphere of the guitar and percussion is masterly. Reed's best guitar  work here, a great work of art on every level. Only jarring moment is the  repeat of track two as a noisy rocker. Recommended.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Ok, these guys actually have some musical talent and a pretty cool format they are working with, that of having a sampler and a dj, with three percussionest (sp?).  The only thing that worries me about them is the whole mask and \\"I'm gonna [destroy] everyone then myself\\" thing.  Personally I think these guys make decent music but their image creates a kind of novelty about them.  Lose the masks, focus on the music.
B000002LGA|3.0|Over long and bloated. From radical noise Reed goes full circle to being a  right on folk act making some rather traditional gestures. Too many words,  my dear Mozart. You should let the music breathe a bit. Although too much  in love with it's own word play, there is some good stuff here. American  Whale is naff though, apart from the last lines.
B000006OS2|1.0|The DVD transfer looks like it was videotaped from a third generation VHS  video! Wait for the widescreen version because this one is so bad I have to  return it! You can get better quality by recording from AMC on cable to  VHS. It is such a shame to release a wonderful movie like this.
B000002LGA|3.0|Over long and bloated. From radical noise Reed goes full circle to being a  right on folk act making some rather traditional gestures. Too many words,  my dear Mozart. You should let the music breathe a bit. Although too much  in love with it's own word play, there is some good stuff here. American  Whale is naff though, apart from the last lines.
B00004XMVH|5.0|U-571 is an excellent movie.  You are kept at the edge of your seat the entire time.  That is what makes this such an excellent movie.  I know some  people say to rent Das Boat instead, but come  on, the movie was #1 for  weeks.  There's a good reason for that, the suspense and the action.  Some  of my friends say that there is too much action but everybody knows that  having too much action is virtialy impossible.  Who ever gives a movie 1-3  stars becauses thay think there is too much action?  That is what happened  anyway.  You have got to get this movie.  It'll blow you right out of the  water!
B000002LOM|3.0|There are a few good songs on this album, but it doesn't flow. Morrissey  himself said years later that he regreted the music on the  album. I  recommend his first album, &quot;Viva Hate&quot; or &quot;Vauxhall and  I&quot;. The later, in my opinion, is his finest solo effort.
0684867621|5.0|My all-time favorite King book is IT, which is chockful of supernatural  elements.  But my other favorites are Cujo, Misery, and Gerald's Game, none  of which have supernatural elements.  Whether The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon  has a supernatural element depends on how you interpret it.<br /><br />The Girl Who  Loved Tom Gordon is essentially a one-character book.  Few writers could  pull that off, but King does it beautifully. Except for a brief prologue  that provides background, Trisha is all alone, lost in the woods, trying to  survive, and the reader is very much with her, swatting at bugs, slipping  through mud, listening to the sound of something moving in the dark forest.  Since King can't be counted on for a happy ending, the question of her  survival is real.  I had to really force myself not to check the ending to  see if she survived.  The last page made me cry, and I don't cry  easily.<br /><br />I have seen some criticism of the length of this book.  Fans of  King have come to expect lengthy works, but a book should be as long as it  needs to be to tell the story and no longer.  King tells a good story here,  and nothing is missing.  This is storytelling at its best.  I was compelled  to keep reading, to find out \\"what happens next.\\"
0441172717|5.0|This book is incredibly well written in that you always know only as much  as the author wants you to know.  Set in this confusing future, the author  runs a twisting course through the life of Paul Atreides, allowing the  reader to discover the universe as they read.  It's an exciting reading  experience that I'd reccommend to any diehard sci-fi fan.
B00001QEE9|5.0|A musical, magical, gorgeously animated movie, Pinocchio is one of the  first classic Disney films that began to &quot;brand&quot; the Disney image  of enchanting, vigorous family entertainment.  The characters, from kindly  Geppetto, to the intoxicating Jiminey Cricket, and Cleo, Figaro and all of  the &quot;baddies&quot;, are endlessly engaging.  Flawlessly executed, with  a well-constructed, and purposely manipulative screenplay, this movie is  one of those rare pieces of commercial art: moving and entertaining at the  same time, and genuinely, surprisingly alive and contemporary.  If you  remember this movie from your childhood, you know how compelling and  horrific some of these darkly imagined scenes can be for a child -- and if  you have children now who have never seen it, give them a treat they will  never forget, along with some lessons that are truer today than ever.  A  walk down Main Street/Fantasyland in the Disney Parks owes much to the cozy  cottages and imagined warmth in light, shadow and music that was first  realized for this perfect movie.  A delight.
B000002GZ1|5.0|Crank it up and enjoy!! The blues don't get much better than this!
B000002IZM|5.0|With the possible exception of Voices, this may be Vangelis's best work. I  cannot seem to stop listening to it. The movie and soundtrack compliment  each other very well. Experiencing one makes you desire experiencing the  other. The only flaw in this work is the inclusion of song number 6,  &quot;One More Kiss, Dear&quot;. This roaring twenties throwback is very  inconsistent with the futuristic nature of the remaining pieces. I would  say that all the other tracks are not just good, but excellent! I was first  exposed to the Blade Runner soundtrack many years ago during a very  depressing period of my life and this is the only music that I have allowed  to survive that period. Though I refer to this soundtrack as  &quot;dark&quot;, I would not describe it as &quot;depressing&quot; or  &quot;scary&quot; sounding.
B000002U84|5.0|This was the first album I ever heard from Duran Duran. Rio is solid all  the way through. I heard this album at a friend's house back in '82 and  have been a devoted fan ever since. This album is a classic and was very  important to my music.
B00004U8JV|3.0|This isn't the best movie as far as plot and such but for effects and lights off soundtrack movement, this is it!  The first one probably is an  all around better film, but this one has it's moments.  As far as the DTS  comment and lack of extras, DTS is from what I am to understand 0  compression.  That leaves alot less space on the DVD for extras.  I for one  am glad to see any DTS DVD's as it is superiour to 5.1 in just about every  way (except for space).  Glad to see classics like these finally hitting  the press.
B00000DQSV|5.0|Skin Trade, American Science, and Winter marches on are some of Duran's  best work ever in my opinion. This record introduces Warren which was  needed in the guitar department. My only complaints are the gated reverb on  the kit and Meet El Presidente. There was no need for either.
6305922756|5.0|Of course, the movie &quot;This Is Spinal Tap&quot; is unbelievably  hilarious.  So if you've never seen &quot;Spinal Tap&quot; before, by all  means, you must check this movie out!  But what really makes this DVD  edition shine is the sheer volume and quality of the extra footage...<br />The  extra footage on most DVD re-issues is usually pretty much just throwaway  stuff; however, on this DVD, there is at least a full hour of outtakes that  are almost all as funny as the parts that did end up in the film.  The  outtake scene involving the temporary replacement guitarist they got when  Nigel left the band is worth the price of the DVD all by itself.  It's  almost as if they included an alternate &quot;Spinal Tap&quot; movie with  different scenes and different jokes.  The extra scenes show how the final  cut of the movie removed all groupie/drug use scenes, all the more reason  to prize this annotated collection.  The music videos, press conferences,  commercials, and other rarities are awesome.  Simply put, this is an  extremely comprehensive collection, I'm so pleased that all of this stuff  has seent eh light of day.
B000002U8A|5.0|What an amazing album by the boys. I have so many careless memories with  this album that I don't know where to begin. Nick Rhodes really shines on  this one. John's bass lines are amazing and should've been more up in the  mix. I've been listening to this album for 17 years and it always puts a  smile on my face. Excellent work!!
B000000I0K|5.0|There's a big influence of English folk music in this album. All the songs  are mainly instrumental with celtic type lyrics used and sung by Maggie  Reilly. Mike has always experimented with different ways of producing  sounds. The synthesizer being an obvious choice. This album is a fantastic  mix of acoustic and electronic. He uses all the drum machines and keyboards  that epitomises the 80's era but in his own unique way. That's what makes  his music such a joy to listen to. The production, with help from David  Hentschel, is spot on. This album is pure Oldfield and an essential  purchase for any fan.
B00003CX6P|2.0|Good looking film reminescent of the fifties and sixties films when  budgets allowed for exotic location shooting.  It takes much too long to  get to the spice ultimately what could have been a very good film comes  away as just okay.  the scene in the jazz bar is a direct ripoff of the  scene with the really wonderful &quot;It started in Naples&quot; with the  wonderful sophia loren and clark gable funny i havent heard anyone mention  that.  Paltrow gets a little too sickening trying to locate her beau jude  law who gets off teasing damon.
B000000I0J|5.0|This is a real mix. There's the typical Oldfield guitar/rock instrumental  with backing synths on side one. But he then drops in splashes of brass and  sax stabs on one piece to give it a real 30's 'Charleston' feel. Weird, but  it works. There is a live piece on this album as well called 'punkadiddle'  which is amusing. <br />'Platinum' is another example of Mike's diversity in  his long musical journey. A mix of 'unfamiliar' and 'very familiar' sounds  which somehow work. If you are a fan then this really is an essential  purchase. Give it time.
B000002MY3|4.0|I bought this a long time ago after hearing 'You Oughta Know' once on the  radio. The station didn't play it much afterwards, and she seemed to go  away. So I had the CD and liked it for several weeks before everyone else  got it. Althought it wasn't what I was hoping for (a CD full of loud, angry  songs), it was worth getting.<br />My opinions of the songs, when they were  just track numbers on a CD, before everyone in the world heard  them:<br />Track 1: A good song, although not as good as You Oughta Know T2 :  The best song on the CD, the reason why I got it T3 : didn't like it at  first, but kind of grows on you T4 : HORRIBLE SONG, skip the song, or  better yet program it out T5, T6: very good. The two best 'other' songs T7  : kind of filler, but not bad T8 : another song that kind of grows on you  T9 : a non descript song that I sometimes skip T10, T11 : two songs that  are kind of filler, 11 better than 10 T12 : a good closer. I don't care for  the a capella song, though.
0780021150|5.0|Some film historics consider it the best film maybe ever done in Germany.  Watch the old an decadent Berlin (rare like in &quot;Emil and the  detectives&quot;). It will never be the same city again later. Peter Lorre  and Gustav Grndgens as Lang are genious. Fritz Lang has the sensibility of  feeling the dark and light both;  like the german forests  5000 years ago:  combining his understanding for dark pleasures as his love for any human on  earth.
B00004WIBW|4.0|Oh, it's no masterpiece, but it EXACTLY captured what I used to see in my head when Grandma told me bedtime stories.<br />My Grandma was pretty scary,  but it was fun scary, the kind that made you scrunch down under the covers  but not far enough so that you couldn't hear every word.<br />That's what this  video is all about.
B00000BIBQ|5.0|A masterpiece of psychedelic and storytelling a 1 1/2 in the making while  the beatles we're recording Sgt. pepper and the pink floyd the piper at the  gates of dawn wow what a time for music and before tommy may I add. Story  S.F sorrow born to a poor bland family works were his father works meet  girl &quot;She says good morning&quot; joins army is in america send a  ballon ticket for his love watch her die in a zepplin(talk about  tragic)tries to deal with death then it's all down hill battle for his soul  and sanity and finds himself alone 11 yrs before the wall. the lyrics are  some of the best ever written the sound exotic and trippy they couldn't  play it live(also buy the new live recording it's awesome to say the  least).Just look at the cover it's the whole story hey any album with  twink(tommorow,pink fairies,mick farren group) the drummer is a winner. if  you dig these sounds check out The Electric  Kool Aid Acid Test on  eyeQradio.com on thrus midnight to 2 am est hosted by Cornelius Capote  1965-1972 artrock/pop/psychedelic/avant  garde/jazz/blues/folk/krautrock/ragas
B000002JOH|5.0|I listen to this album and afterwards I feel so much more confident and  secure....it makes me feel so strong. Phil's words really make me feel  better about my self. This is one of the best albums that I have ever  heard.
B00000612P|5.0|If you can only have one Rod Stewart cd, this should be it.
020530902X|5.0|This book is very good, but to get the best of it you need  to have  experience in both English writing and speaking.  I don't recommend this  book to people that are just starting  English lessons, but to people that,  say, can keep a  conversation for one hour.<br /> This book is for native  speakers more than for beginners in  English. If you are confident of your  level, buy it. It's  just for you.<br /> For Spanish speakers:<br /> No  recomiendo este libro para los principiantes en ingl&eacute;s,  sino para quienes  tienen un nivel intermedio o avanzado.  El libro tiene demasiados &quot;no  haga esto&quot;, &quot;corrija aquello&quot;,  etc., que desanimar&iacute;an a  quienes est&aacute;n comenzando.
B00002Z88D|4.0|S&amp;M is an interesting twist on the Greatest Hits/live album concept. I  like most of Metallica's music and I think this is an utterly enjoyable  compilation of their material. Bolstering their ineffable power with the  addition of a full orchestra serves to make their music even more  intense...at least sometimes. I love classical music as well as metal, so  this album was instantly very intriguing to me. I was blown away the first  time I heard it, and as I devoted more time to discovering the vast  plethora of intricate orchestral adjuncts, my enjoyment soared.<br />But I  must say that, like most Metallica fans, I enjoyed their pre-Black Album  days more than anything they've released with producer Bob Rock. Their  music was toned down and simplified with the Black Album (as well as with  the subsequent Load and Reload), which is -- inadvertently -- the problem  with S&amp;M. The orchestra does a beautiful job complementing Metallica's  older songs. Songs like Master of Puppets, Call of Ktulu, One, and For Whom  The Bell Tolls work exceptionally well, because the lush soundscapes of the  orchestra effectively bolster the musical complexity of these songs.  However, tracks like Fuel and The Memory Remains are boring plods that gain  nothing with a symphonic contribution. Battery, a great thrash song, just  doesn't work with cacophonous strings and brass.<br />The two new songs, No  Leaf Clover and - Human are a mixed bag. No Leaf Clover is an above-average  piece, primarily because of the incredible string arrangements, but it  feels otherwise uninspired. - Human seems completely out of place with an  orchestra, and I sincerely wonder what it would be like without it.<br />Song  choice is also a problem, I think. While I can understand wanting to choose  songs that were accessible to Metallica's newer fans, the overall album  would have been better with more tracks from the bands glory days.  &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; got screwed big time...only one song?  Granted, that song is one of the band's best (One) but I would have loved  to hear that album's title track here. &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; didn't get  a single song. This is mostly understandable, but I could really see The  Four Horsemen being played here. I think a more even selection of songs  would have been appropriate.<br />In the end, despite the faults I've pointed  out, S&amp;M's merits overshadow its flaws. The production is excellent,  Hetfield sings like never before, and the sheer amount of work that went  into this show is purely commendable. If your a longtime Metallica fan or a  newbie wondering where to start with one of the industry's best metal  bands, get S&amp;M.song?  Granted, that song is one of the band's best (One) but I would have loved  to hear that album's title track here. &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; didn't get  a single song. This is mostly understandable, but I could really see The  Four Horsemen being played here. I think a more even selection of songs  would have been appropriate.<br />In the end, despite the faults I've pointed  out, S&amp;M's merits overshadow its flaws. The production is excellent,  Hetfield sings like never before, and the sheer amount of work that went  into this show is purely commendable. If your a longtime Metallica fan or a  newbie wondering where to start with one of the industry's best metal  bands, get S&amp;M.
1559409010|5.0|If you're considering buying this DVD (the Criterion Collection), chances  are you already know this movie, so I don't want to belabour the plot  points that others have done before me, except to echo that this is a great  (and funny) movie.  Instead, I will focus on the extras that the DVD  offers, so you can decide if you want to spend the extra money.<br />There are  a plethora of extras, including a couple of commentaries (the commentary  with Cleese and Palin is superior to that of Jones, Gilliam, and Idle,  IMHO), some cut scenes, and even the radio ads.  The cut scenes even have  commentaries!  The scenes that were cut in the final edit probably deserve  to be cut, but for different reasons.  There is an opening scene with  shepherds that simply drags on and isn't particularly funny.  A bunch of  stuff cut from the kidnapping of Pilate's wife scene, which is a little  confusing and goes on too long, and the intro scene to the Suicide Squad  that appears at the end of the movie.  This scene is, for me, far more  offensive than anything that finally appeared in the movie (a Jewish-Nazi  resistance group, complete with a speech on the ethnic purity).  It is also  very funny, but you feel uncomfortable laughing at it.<br />There are also  some British radio ads that are amusing, and a fairly in-depth featurette  on the making of the movie.  Some of the issues raised in the making-of  feature are repeated in the commentary(ies), but it's still  interesting.<br />Thus, this DVD has it all for the Monty Python fan - the  movie itself, the commentaries and featurette that give the background on  the story and info on how and why scenes were shot, some nifty scenes cut  from the movie, and those radio ads.  Good value for the price.
B000001DQI|3.0|Oh, I do not like this CD. I do not like it here or there.  I do not like  it in the dentist's chair. ;D  What's not to like?  The songs are  adequately catchy, and the performance is adequately executed.  Each and  every song on this CD is a bona-fide hit.  The topics are just racey enough  to excite the broadest base of fans while not offending anyone.  In fact,  the one thing about this album which I do appreciate is the deft manner in  which the Liberace of Pop introduces thinly veiled references that  titilate, yet, because they are so saccharin and delivered in an aggreeably  singsong voice, no one is the wiser: transvestite fantasies (CANDLE IN THE  WIND), prostitution (SWEET PAINTED LADY), and a lesbian-lolita (ALL THE  GIRLS LOVE ALICE).  The upbeat tunes are MOR replacements for rock 'n roll.   They have a nice beat and are easy to dance to -- worthy of an 85 on  American Bandstand. ;D  Namely, YOUR SISTER CAN'T TWIST and SATURDAY  NIGHT'S ALRIGHT FOR FIGHTING.  YSCT is a weaker CROCODILE ROCK which  features a nod to the Beach Boys.  Since when are the Beach Boys considered  great rock 'n roll?  SNAF[U] ;D is an example of the posing characteristic  of this album.  Does anyone actually think that, on any given Saturday  Night, if Elton John were to meet a STREET FIGHTIN' MAN, it would be Mr  John who walks away? ;D  If you are interested in popular music the likes  of Rod Stewart or Billy Joel, this CD will interest you.
B00004TEUX|5.0|I am impressed with this CD. It isn't good, It's exellent! I've put only 5  stars, but this record deserved all the universe or more!<br />Mendelssohn is  one of my favourite composers. His music is very romantic, sometimes  strong. And the Symphony nº3 and the &quot;Midsummer Night's Dream&quot;  aren't an exception.<br />About the performers, they are very good. Peter Maag  made a very, very good work with the LSO. It's impossible to obtain a  better sound. The sopranos Jennifer Vyvyan and Marion Lowe aren't the  unknown Callas or Caballé, but they have a good vocal technic. About the  Female Chorus of the Royal Opera House, I've never heard any better  chorus.<br />However, the best thing of this CD is the incredible quality of  sound. It's perfect like if this record was recorded nowadays and it was  recorded on 1,957! With this sound, we only can take a conclusion: Decca's  enginners have done an exellent work: a ten for them!<br />Friend, if you want  an advice from me, read this: if you want a good record library, YOU MUST  BUY THIS RECORD!!!!!!!
038533348X|1.0|Cat's Cradle is the worst book I have ever read. It's a pointless,  plotless book, and should not be considered as any sort of literary  achievement. This book is a waste of time, and I do not recommend it to  anyone.
B00004WKII|4.0|I don't know exactly what to say about the box...I just wanted the first  review...so there!.  Will you be totally overwhelmed by a wealth of  breathtaking unreleased music?  Probably not.  It all depends on how much  you've heard already.  If you're not familiar with some of Hendrix's more  obscure, or later work, this set is a godsend and if you have 50 dollars to  spend I'd waste no time picking it up.  If you're a total Hendrix nerd with  bootlegs out the ears then I wouldn't be so sure but then again you're  obligated to buy everything with his name on it right?  Basically, good job  Experience Hendrix and keep up the good work.
B00004TFK3|3.0|Im sorry everyone but this is by far one of the worst movies I have ever  seen in my life. The people that wrote past reviews must really be little  kids. If you are any older than 8 you will be shocked by how bad this movie  is. On the other hand the DVD is one of the nicest I have seen yet. The  menus are really cool and there are countless hours of extras to explore  which are much better than the movie itself. If you are a die hard DVD fan  just buy it to show off DVD features but dont expect a good movie along  with it. If only great movies such as Braveheart would get such special  edition treatment. Oh well
014028009X|5.0|Bridget relates to women who are going through bad relationships, dieting  and weight loss, and dissatisfying jobs.  She has her friends and families  to get by and in the end all is well.
0790736918|5.0|This movie is first of all the most exquisitely photographed western(and  possibly any film) of all time.It also proved that John Wayne was more than  just a one note actor.I absolutely love his performance in this movie,and  that goes for the entire cast(including Jeffrey Hunter's much maligned one  according to some of these reviews)It is a western to be seen again &amp;  again.I feel Wayne says everything you need to know about Ethan with an  expressive look or glance and the recreation of western rituals makes you  feel as if you were in Texas circa 1800's.The colors are amazing and the  character of Ethan lingers in the memory.The bookend opening &amp; closing  of the film are unforgettable! the more I see this movie,the more I love  it!!
B00003CXDG|3.0|This movie is definately different from the first.  This movie has a lot of hard-core John Woo action at the expense of the stelth spy games and  gadgets, which is what Mission Impossible is really about.  The movie  starts off very slow and then supercharges for the climax.  Some of the  action is so over-the-top it gets ridiculous.  Normally director John Woo  is good at this, but enough with the pigeons all ready!  Some shots are  devoted to just pigeons, an attempt to be over symbolic.  Still, John Woo  fans will once again like his style here.<br />Basically if you like John Woo  films, watch this, but don't expect it to be true &quot;Mission  Impossible.&quot;  If you own a DVD player, this DVD has a good ammount of  features and it would show off your home audio.<br />Reccomended for John Woo  fans.
B00004T8RK|5.0|In my opinion this is the best cd I've listened to in this year. Maybe in  the last 2 years. It's a awesome collection of songs with both meaning and  feeling. Soon it'll be a masterpiece, now it's too early to do that  affirmation, but it could be one of the best albums in this decade. <br />I  think in this album there is a high level of sincerity, a quality difficult  to find in today's bands. Songs like Thin air, Sleight of hand, Parting  ways and Grievance grow incredibly each time you listen to them. In many  ways this work is more consistent, mature, than Yield (1998), but has some  freshness found only in &quot;Ten&quot; and &quot;Vs&quot;.<br />The lyrics  are great in many of the songs. Examples of that are Insignificance,  Sleight of Hand and Light years. Pearl Jam is definitely getting better  with the years. <br />Try to listen to this cd at least 5 times before taking  a position. At first it could be hard to listen to, but after that you'll  discover the beauty of this master piece.
B00004U8H4|3.0|If you're buying this DVD cause you saw the movie, liked it, and wanted to  see what scenes were cut, DO NOT BUY THIS DVD!! I ahve seen the rated  version several times, and recently I purchased the unrated version so that  I could see what they had to cut from the film. The results were about one  or two minutes of scene that is not even that controversial!! I was VERY  disappointed, being a big fan of Easton Ellis. Not to knock it, it is worth  buying, but do not get your hopes up for any new revelations.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This cd is one of the greatest cd's I have ever bought.  The intensity of  the music does not let up for one second.  I hope these guys do not sell  out like Korn.  It is a must buy for hard core metal fans.  SLIPKNOT  RULES!!!!!
B00000J7IE|5.0|Pink floyd's Wall is incredible, it really makes one notice many things in  like that one wouldn't normally. The low flowing tones and great guitar  work make this one of the most excellent albums ever! It's worth every  penny and would probably stop wars across the world is everyone listened to  it. If u like Pink Floyd, this is the holy grail of all CD's.
6305013578|2.0|I agree with Jim Gay's review. This is one of the great early films -- the  predecessor to Blade Runner in its imagery and its plot, but this DVD falls  far short of doing justice to the original. The sound track is an unrelated  series of pieces of impressionist classical chamber music, and the picture  is almost indecipherable much of the time.  When Giorgio Moroder's  colorized version came out, purists groaned, but in retrospect it was  better than what's currently available.
B000031EGV|5.0|My friend has this DVD and he turned it up really loud for the stampede.  His Surround Sound knocked a picture off the wall. It is a great DVD with  picture perfect sound even at those volumes. Sharp as a tack some might  say.
0394826817|5.0|This book presents manners in a fun and familiar context for little  readers. My kids already love Huckle and Lowly, so it was easy for them to  enjoy this book. My favorite story is Pig Will and Pig Won't. At my house,  we need constant reminders on good manners, and this book makes it fun.  Parents will enjoy it too.
0446310786|5.0|I read this last year in 9th grade and I loved it. I read the entire thing  in a week. With most classics it takes me much longer to read. This classic  is a must read. It not only is great for conversation, but at my age adults  think I am an intelligent person. :) It is really neat and is pretty great.  I liked it a lot and you will too. No wonder it's a classic.
0440180295|1.0|This book is way too confusing and jumps around too much! I don't get it  and I can't believe that it was on the school reading list! Its by far one  of the worst books I have ever read!!!
B00004TL21|5.0|While everyone was watching Korn hit the roof with the release of Follow  the Leader and Issues, the Deftones spent their time in the studio crafting  a gem of an album. It's not fitting to say this release is less hardcore  than the before, however, it's more than appropriate to say how the  Deftones managed to incorporate a stronger vocal performance and an  ambitious project while keeping their roots intact.<br />I'll be honest: If  you're looking for the traditional Deftones flavors (bone crunching riffs,  beats with seemingly no end), you'll be disappointed. If there are any  songs on the previous Deftones songs which point the developments made on  this CD, &quot;Be quiet  and drive (Far away)&quot; is the closest to it.  But something changed with the making of this CD<br />Having said that, my  review will not touch upon rating each individual songs. You can put  together an album of singles and not have a good album, capice? What makes  THIS album particularly special is the organization of the songs and the  composition of them: Instead of coming up with guitar riffs to base the  songs around, the general quality of the tunes seems as if they sat down  and WROTE them.<br />Example tracks? &quot;Passenger&quot; and &quot;RX  Queen,&quot; my two personal highlights on the record.<br />With  &quot;Passenger,&quot; the vocal line is entirely different than  &quot;normal&quot; tracks, with Keenan and Chino's vocal lines each  occupying the center channel. Delgado's swirling additions, and the  interesting guitar work of Stef complete the track.<br />&quot;Rx Queen&quot;  is track that forces people to think a bit more: Is it based around the  drums, thick beat, or the vocals? The vocals are doubled in certain  sections of the chorus and bridge, which makes it a track in which each  intricity of it becomes an essential part of listening.<br />The rest of the  album is in a different pattern: You start with 3 &quot;hard&quot; songs,  moving onto slower and more introspective pieces, and gradually growing  faster (for some reason, Korea feels out of place in between Knife Prty and  Passenger). But the quality of each track is shining, which pushes the  barrier for the rest of the decade<br /> As an album, it is among the more  popular experiments for the year 2000. A well-needed reminder that, despite  the widespread popularity of Limp Bizkit and similar bands, the true hard  rock of today exists in an unadulterated form.<br />A splendid showing, and  easily one of the year's best.introspective pieces, and gradually growing  faster (for some reason, Korea feels out of place in between Knife Prty and  Passenger). But the quality of each track is shining, which pushes the  barrier for the rest of the decade<br /> As an album, it is among the more  popular experiments for the year 2000. A well-needed reminder that, despite  the widespread popularity of Limp Bizkit and similar bands, the true hard  rock of today exists in an unadulterated form. <br />A splendid showing, and  easily one of the year's best.
0385484518|5.0|I was really touched by this book, and I think that it brings up an  interesting point that many of us have forgotten.  What's the point of what  we do each day? Morrie gently reminds of us of what life has to offer when  you take the time to look. I think everyone should get a chance to read  this book.  Soemtimes the things we want most are the things we already  have and take for granted.
B00004WKII|3.0|I have read all the other customers reviews of this album, and I Must say  I don't know what there thinking. I have been collecting Hendrix albums and  bootleggs for 3 years now, and this by far is the most dissapointing album  Experience Hendrix has come out with to date.  Nothing on it really touched  me inside!!!!! If you didn't already have &quot;Hendrix in the West&quot;  and &quot;Live at the Royal Albert Hall&quot;, this was probably a great  album. My biggest dissapointment was on Hey Baby/In from the storm, Eddie  Kramer cut out that beautiful guitar peice he plays in the beginning (The  solo they play at the very end of the Rainbow Bridge Movie) and (in my  opinion, the greatest guitar work he ever played!!!!!!!)  The &quot;Hey  Joe&quot; studio version is pretty good on disc one with the back up vocals  in the background. Same with &quot;the Burning of the Midnight lamp&quot;  and &quot;Have you ever been, to Electric Ladyland&quot;. Some parts in  &quot;Gloria&quot; are ok. The &quot;Sgt. Peppers&quot; version is the  worse I've ever heard him play. Nothing really impresed me on disc 3  either. But Im glad they at least included &quot;In From the  Storm&quot;!!!!!!!  I know my writting for this box set is very negative,  but having been a die hard fan and waiting for this album for so long, I am  very dissapointed as I think Jimi would be. Anybody who really is a die  hard fan like me, must agree (I would Hope???)I just hope his next release  from Experience Hendrix and Daggar Records will make up for this, in my  opinion flop of a box set.  The Box itself and 80 pg. book is why I will  rate it 3 stars instead of 2 1/2 stars.<br />  Very Dissapointed!!!!!!
B00004T37H|5.0|This is the most epic feel I've gotten from any animated film.  The music,  which reminded me of Heaven and Earth, sets the tone.   I love the setting,  feudal Japan and mystical forests.  I wonder why no one made something like  this before.  Pocahontas came close, but had to be kid-friendly and wasn't  as serious.  This is one of the factors that got me hooked on anime.<br />I  expected a lot of slow scenes but was pleasantly surprised at how  efficiently the story evolved.  It wasn't as political as I expected it to  be.  But what the heck I love animation for the visual poetry, the way it  shows things that can't be shown with live action.<br />I strongly dislike how  Buena Vista handled the release of this movie.  First, a very limited  release in theaters.  Second, an oft-delayed release date for the video.   Third, an outrageous price for the VHS.  Fourth, an indeterminate release  for the DVD, because they didn't figure out that people preferred a  Japanese language, English subtitled track.  I wish they hadn't acquired  the rights to this film and left it to an expert in the anime industry.  I  want my Mononoke DVD now!  Not Christmas! Is it too much to ask,  considering this was a 1997 film?  At least they did not cut the essential  violent scenes.  (Those who like Braveheart will understand.)<br />Regarding  the VHS edition, English version is good.  The voice acting is great,  except for when the animals speak.  They make the speakers resonate  unpleasantly.  I heard that the original version had more musical themes  than in the English version.
B000008H1U|5.0|This is perhaps Jethro Tull's most consistently excellent album. Every  song is a winner. Some previous Tull albums tend to allow some weaker songs  onto albums under the pretext of some theme du jour but this one is a  collection of strong material you won't tire of listening to.
B000001IQH|5.0|This is the first Rancid CD that I bought and listened to, and let me tell  everyone that is a fan of punk rock... if you don't know already this is a  GREAT CD. With great riffs and thoughtful lyrics by Lars and Tim, the band  really steps to new heights. Buy this.
0375703764|4.0|House of Leaves did not completely change my life, as the book's  introduction suggested it could, but remnants of it do still linger in my  memory months after finishing it.  It has a certain resonance that makes  you think of it, of Johnny Truant especially, at odd moments.  And of the  house itself, the book's most fully realized character. At first I was  leary of all of the pomo antics.  I wondered if Danielewski was just trying  to mask the fact that he didn't have a good tale to tell, or the skill to  do it, with all of the bizarre text layout and extensive footnotes.  Not  the case at all.  Danielewski's formal experimentation only serves to add  to the richness of the atmosphere created by his truly original and  chilling tale of Will Navidson's house.  The story of the house could stand  alone as one of the best horror novels I've ever read(and I read more than  a few in my day), but the story of Zampano and Johnny Truant is just as  fascinating, mirroring the action in the Navidson Record, the film  documenting the house's bizarre phenomena. Danielewski set himself an  amazing task, and I would say he achieved about 90% of it.  There are a few  points where the books losese its steam, but it inevitably picks back up  and concludes very satisfactorily.  And with all of the various threads of  plot and information, I know I'll be reading it again.
6305858764|1.0|This movie did not live up to any of its hype.  The Talented Mr. Ripley has to be one of the worst movies I've seen.  It could have been cut by 1  hour and still have been boring.  When you find the interesting parts of a  movie is the scenery its time to burn the film which is just what I did.
B000023VR6|2.0|<br />Did u notice, that more than half the tracks on this CD have feature  guest artist? Dre did only like, 2 solo's on this entire album. Don't get  me wrong, Dre is a good producer, but c'mon! he's 43 years old, and still  rappin 'bout how he's so gangsta, and hardcore.. i mean, i don't know about  you, but i've never seen a 40 year old man smoking ganja, downing 40's,  while strapped.. his constant reference to how he is being hated on, he  deserved, go find the Snoop trial and you'll learn. The only good track on  this album was the song he dedicated to his bro. <br />the songs all got  tiresome and irritating afer... 1 week this album is not worth the  money.Save your money for something worth it. Like, 2pac, the greatest  rapper of all time, or Snoop. the only good thing 'bout this album, is the  nice CD case it comes in...  <br />DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO  NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO  NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD   DO NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CDDO NOT BUY THIS CD DO NOT BUY THIS CD  DO NOT BUY THIS CD
B000002UAR|5.0|AND THIS ALBUM WAS AWARDED THE CROWN AS BEING THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL  TIME, BY ANYBODY, BAR NONE! NOT TO MENTION IT WAS RECENTLY CERTIFIED AS 5  TIMES PLATINUM IN AMERICA BY BILLBOARD! ENOUGH SAID!
0790736314|5.0|although i loved this film , the beginning went on for too long , however  it scared the hell out of me and my mum and now it will for a couple more  weeks cos its now in my head so thank you very musch , but william friedkin  is one of the greatest men ever made and has reformed the world of film , i  look forward to buying the films new editin howeva i will probably not  sleep for weeks
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|To put it simply The Matrix is a special effects laden Sci-Fi film. But in  saying that, one misses the whole point of the movie. Although the Special  Effects and action sequences are great, they are very little compared to  the films great script and acting. The best performance in it comes from  the comic relief provied my Mouse(matt doran. Mouse never shuts-up, but in  the procces of talking, poses some interesting questions. The Matrix is one  of the few Sci-Fi films I have seen that is enjoyed by non-sci-fi fans. So  what if all Keanu reeves does is look confused? that's the point. So what  if the end is predictable, that just sets it along with Star Wars as a  modern day myth.
0425068080|4.0|This book is good for a quick jump into the realm of good murder  mysteries. The stories can be read in 15 to 25 minutes, for those of us  without enough time to fully appreciate a full length novel. They are  however engaging, fun, and nicely thought out. The title story (The Under  Dog) is the longest and in my mind the best, as Mrs. Christie had more  pages for charater development and story twists. Our favorite detective,  Hercule Poirot is featured in all of the stories with multiple appearances  of Captain Hastings. Each story had me wondering until the last page.  Definately recomended as a before bed reading.
0553208845|5.0|I am not a very big reader, but once I started reading Siddhartha, I was  hooked. Hermann Hesse wrote it in such a way to express how love and loss,  as well as fear, are such an incredible and important part of our lives.  Moreover, how knowledge of our own selves is such an essential way to live  and to prosper. In many ways, it is my bible. It has all the answers, and  all the questions that are worth asking.
0446677450|1.0|This is a bad book - badly written and bad (morally).  The Rich Dad is a  poor excuse for a human being. And if we all get rich who are we going to  get rich off of?  So sad, too, that so many people want to believe this book and its way of thinking has any value.
0385493622|5.0|If you are at all like me, you have Sincere Doubts that a tale of mathematics could do anything but put you right to sleep.  Well, so much for our preconceptions!!  (I know about mine, but am guessing about yours, naturally.)<br /><br />This is an absolutely wonderful book, and you don't need to be a math wizard to enjoy it.  Simon Singh does a wonderful job at making you feel that you \\"sort of\\" understand the math involved.  (Does he cheat?  How could I know??  It's like asking me to judge a translation from an Eskimo tongue!)<br /><br />Don't let that fact deter you.  You will probably be drawn into this book, willy-nilly, simply by the words which set the scene.  One of the world's great mathematicians, Fermat, idly noted in the margin of a book he was reading, that the Pythagorean Theorem (which my father used to recite as \\"the squaw on the hippopotamus is equal to the sum of the squaws on the other two hides\\") --- ahem, more formally, Hypotenuse (squared) = (Side1(squared) + Side2(squared)).  So what?  We all learned this in school.<br /><br />Well, Math Genius M. Fermat scribbled in the margin of his book \\"This equation only works for the power of two.  It does not work for any other number as exponent.  I have found a wonderful proof of this theorem, which alas the margin of this book is too small to hold.\\"  Then Math Genius Fermat put the book back on his bookshelves, and, sooner or later, gave up the ghost --- without making his claim public.  Curious people going through his library, later on, found this outlandish claim and published it.  And, slowly but surely, the mathematical world came to realize that Fermat was most probably right --- the equation only worked for the power of two --- but they had no idea at all of how to prove it.<br /><br />Thus was the gauntlet thrown down, to all future ages of mathematicians.  And thus was born a really fascinating tale!!  All around the world, math experts would chat about \\"Fermat's Last Theorem,\\" and wonder whether or not it was nonsense, all the while realizing that IF ONLY THEY COULD PROVE IT, they would win lasting fame and, perhaps, mathematical immortality.<br /><br />They all failed.  The decades and the centuries rolled by.  Amateurs of math began competing for prizes set up by distinguished committees.  The mathematical world grew more and more frustrated.<br /><br />In the twentieth century, at last, the problem began to be solved (perhaps!), and the initial crack at the solution came from a totally unexpected place: a couple of Japanese geniuses who had no clue that they were part of the solution to the grand puzzle --- one of them was particularly brilliant and tragic, taking his own life at a young age.<br /><br />I cannot and will not spoil this story any more.  But I hope that I have whetted your appetite to find out what really happened.  Was the puzzle solved?<br /><br />Read the book and find out!!!  :-)the while realizing that IF ONLY THEY COULD PROVE IT, they would win lasting fame and, perhaps, mathematical immortality.    They all failed.  The decades and the centuries rolled by.  Amateurs of math began competing for prizes set up by distinguished committees.  The mathematical world grew more and more frustrated.    In the twentieth century, at last, the problem began to be solved (perhaps!), and the initial crack at the solution came from a totally unexpected place: a couple of Japanese geniuses who had no clue that they were part of the solution to the grand puzzle --- one of them was particularly brilliant and tragic, taking his own life at a young age.    I cannot and will not spoil this story any more.  But I hope that I have whetted your appetite to find out what really happened.  Was the puzzle solved?    Read the book and find out!!!   :-)
B000002HMH|1.0|THis is the beginning of the end for METALLICA. The end of creativity, not  of richness, that just began to grow !!! Horrible album.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I love evereything about Creed and this CD just shows how talented this  group truly is. They are the best, and there's just no substitution...
B00000FCBC|1.0|I have nothing against a band sold out. They need to survive, they have  bills to pay, nobody has nothing to do with it. If you dont like it, just  dont buy nor hear it. But what makes me sad is to know that this band used  to be authentic, strong. Now they release this garbage. Half of it is  great: its the CD containing the old covers. The other half contains the  new covers, and it makes clear what path they are travelling now... The  path of lack of inspiration. The covers are so heartless, so uneven, its a  shame to the band. Goodby, Metallica, farewell. Keep on in your great fight  against MP3 to get more money ...
1573226521|5.0|One of the best 3 books I have read.
B00002Z88D|1.0|How noble !!! how beautiful !! THe once great garage rocking band now  turned into the crusaders aghainst MP3 music ... METALLICA completely sold  out. Theyre gone. This CD is another brave and clever attempt to get some  money. I have nothing against classical, I like it. But in MEtallicas  songs the arragments just dont fit at all !!! Its all noise!! Blergh !!
0140067477|1.0|I was searching for a basic introduction to Tao, and being a Pooh lover  from way back thought that this would be a good place to start. While I  learned some of what I was searching for - the focus on nature and  simplicity - there was a recurring tone of negativity that bothered me to  the point that I couldn't enjoy the book. What troubled me is this: Hoff  repeatedly illustrates the virtues of his chosen philosophy/religion by  denigrating other religions. <br />I'm not much of a fan of &quot;organized  religion&quot;, so the thought of criticizing other religions doesn't upset  me per se: it's just that I find no place for it in a book like this. This  should be about the uplifting, enlightening spiritual values of Tao. The  recurring stabs at what he obviously views as competing philosophies struck  a very discordant tone. I couldn't get past this to enjoy the educational  elements of the book.
0156711427|4.0|Written in 1924, this book offers an excellent presentation of social  constructs in Colonial India from both the British and Indian perspectives.  It was fascinating to see how various actions and situations were  interpreted by members of the two different civilisations.  When one reads  this book keeping in mind the period in which it appeared, it is amazing to  note just how ahead of its time it was.  Ideas presented, such as the  notion that India might one day be a nation instead of several very  different groups of people-Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs, are really quite  revolutionary.  While events did not transpire quite as the book may have  alluded to (Colonial India was made of up the present-day nations of India  and Pakistan, which came about after a very bloody war- hence two nations  not one), they are nonetheless far ahead of their times.<br /><br />While I  encourage everyone to read this book for the very candid insights into the  mindsets of British Colonials and Indians of the time period, I did not  give this book a 5 for several reasons.  Firstly, the use of many foreign  words (of Urdu origin I presume), while adding flavour to the story also  made reading a bit difficult as I was unfamiliar with many of them, and  could not find them in any English dictionary.  It was a bit confusing as  many of the words were not explained.  Secondly, in my opinion there were large passages where nothing of import was said.  This, unfortunately, did  not add to the reading experience for me.  This aside, I do think it is a book worth reading, especially for its status as a modern classic and the unique point of view from which it is written.
B000002UDB|5.0|This is the best Beatles albums in terms of radio play. The popularity of  the tunes does not detract from the album in any way.  The experimentality  of Lennon and McCartney is at full stream, with Lennon even getting his  share of songs as opposed to Sgt. Pepper, one year earlier, which was  contributed to mostly by McCartney.<br />&quot;I Am the Walrus,&quot;  &quot;Strawberry Fields,&quot; &quot;All You Need Is Love,&quot; all  classics.  &quot;Your Mother Should Know&quot; is beautiful, and  &quot;Baby, You're a Rich Man&quot; is a biting social  commentary.<br />Masterful.
B00004WKII|5.0|all i can say that this four cd set of hendrix's collection of live and  unreleased version of all his classic's are just amazing. there is alot of  original takes and versions of &quot;hey joe&quot; to &quot;purple  haze&quot;. the box contains the most amazing book of pix&quot;s i ever say
B000003NA3|5.0|This is the THE Coltrane set.  All of his stuff is superhuman, especially from 1960 on, but this, in my mind, is his most perfect club/live date on a  popular release.<br />The mood is absolutely surreal, set by Trane's Classic  Quartet, plus the masterfully exhuberant Eric Dolphy on alto, bass  clarinet, and flute.  Occaisionally, an oud is played, and is especially  effective on the epic &quot;Spiritual,&quot; heard here in several  versions.<br />Do not be discouraged by the appearance of the &quot;same&quot;  song on more than one of the disks.  Each take was performed on a different  night at the Vanguard, and each very different.  After all, it's improv.   And Trane would never play the same exact thing twice.  Maybe on his  earlier period blues, but we are not talking about that.<br />Coltrane's  playing is asolutely astral, intensity redefined. Trane's intensity is  offset by the bubbling clusters emitted from Dolphy, adding another  dimension and persona to the canvas of gaseous surroundings, setting this  distinctly apart from any other Trane gig.<br />Masterful.
B000005RUG|5.0|When the time comes to write a definitive history of rock'n'roll,  Metallica will be remembered as the band that lifted heavy metal out of  it's doldrums, gave it a hard kick in the a$$, and sent it into the new  millenium.  The Black Album came out way back when, and there wasn't that  much real metal around.  Blunty put, it showed everyone that metal was  still aound and was still worth listening to.  Every song on this album  rocks, and now that it's gotten the gold treatment, there's simply no  excuse not to own it.
B0000024SD|5.0|Shhhh!  Don't tell your folkie aunt, but this is THE rock album of the mid  60's.  Dylan created quite a disturbance among his Greenwich Village type  folk following at the '65 Newport Folk Festival, accompanied by the highly  amplified Paul Butterfield Blues Band.  This album followed, capturing  electric Dylan for all to agree with, or disagree with.<br />The first half of  the album is acoustic, solo Dylan, the second half is electrified band  arrangements.<br />One thing is for certain, whether you are down with Dylan's  voltage (everyone is now) or not, these songs have bounce. Dylan's lyrics  are often more personal as opposed to social on this album, thus turning  off more of the folk movement to his music.  But tunes such as  &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues,&quot; &quot;It's All Over Now Baby  Blue,&quot; and &quot;Mr. Tambourine Man&quot; are undeniably classic. Even  the lesser knowns such as &quot;Bob Dylan's 115th Dream&quot; (ingenious)  and &quot;No Limit&quot; hold up among Dylan's best.<br />Dylan first met John  Lennon around this period.  Lennon was dumbfounded at the fact that Dylan  had no prophesies or social commentary to chat upon.  Notice the influence  of Dylan on such Beatles albums as Help! and Rubber Soul. <br />My all around  favorite single album of Bob's electric output.
0446525537|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. While not as powerfully emotional as The Notebook, I still feel this was well worth the afternoon it took to read  it. I am not normally a romantic at heart, but I love Nicholas Sparks'  stories, and look forward to many more. I won't give anything away from the  book, but was anyone else left wondering at the end? I gave this book to a  couple of my friends to read to see if they thought the same thing as I  did. I can't quite decide what the end means. If you were thinking along  the same lines as me, let me know! I'd love to see how you interpreted it.
B00004THAY|4.0|There are a couple of great tracks on here (come rain or come shine is  one), and some classic tunes. The problem is that it feels like both of  these men are in too much in awe of each other to play strongly together.  There is a mutual deference in the playing that keeps several of the  performances at a tepid level. Still worth having though, definitely.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|This is a great CD! Go to their concert to see them in action.  &quot;rock's latest saviors&quot;  -Rolling Stone (aug. issue) need I say  more?
6303921248|5.0|This five-hour masterpiece is the perfect realization of Jane Austen's  classic novel, Pride &amp; Prejudice.  The casting is amazing--Lizzy is  dead-on, and her relationship with Darcy finally makes sense with Colin  Firth cast to play him.  The gorgeous British countryside, costumes, and  social scenes bring the novel to life.  This series is perfect rainy day  viewing.
B000002KOJ|5.0|Let's be brief-this is a masterpiece. A wonderful addition to any  collection. Enlighten yourself!
B000007ODX|4.0|Usually, I am a little bit cautious concerning performances of Daniel  Barenboim both as a conductor and as a pianist. But I have to admit that  this delicate, accurate, passionate recording of Chopin's Nocturnes has  revised my skepticism to some extent. The variety of tunes and passions in  Chopin's pieces is well reproduced - maybe occasionally I had hoped for a  little more &quot;sound&quot;. <br />The Nocturnes are - in my opinion -  Chopin's most original and most personal pieces. The main challenge for a  pianist is to uncover the rich structure hidden in apparent accompaniment  and to unravel the beauty of the melody which often stretches out over many  bars. Barenboim's interpretation exhibits these characteristics.<br />The DG  recording is solid work, but this recording sounds really like a studio  recording. Probably a better sound could be yielded if a room with better  acoustics and an according piano was used. (OK, I am a fan of Boesendorfer  pianos...)
B00000IAU3|5.0|I love this CD and it is among my favorates.  NOrmally I prefer Country  music but something about this CD appeals to me.  It is a must have.
0553269631|5.0|The cover of the book would have been entirely blue except that the title  of the book and the name of its author are printed upon it in black. The  title of the book and the name of its author, printed in black, would have  been entirely alone on the entirely blue book cover except that the picture  printed upon the book's cover is in black and white. The black and white  picture would have remained entirely frozen -- as frozen as the ice-cream  cone reflected in the sky reflected in a blind girl's eyes' unrequited  hunger for blue -- unrequited until the book melts into words that freeze  in my heart, that freeze my heart, entirely alone except for freezing  thoughts of the black and white picture unfreezing, the ice-cream cone  unfreezing, the sky unreflecting the girl whose blind eyes no longer hunger  for blue but now crave all colors, all scooped together into a cone, to  lick or be licked -- in a a black and white picture on a blue book cover  with the title and author's name printed upon it in black.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD is brilliant. All of the songs are great. This is one of the few  albums that you can listen to all the way through, over and over again.
B000008H1W|5.0|An album which is a favorite of hard-core Tull fans.  It is an album that  is very unique in the Tull catalogue, practically without exception the  music on Minstrel would not fit well on any other Tull album.  The most apt  descriptions are simple, hard hitting adjectives:  Raw, acerbic, harsh,  grating, crass, self-absorbed -- even self-obsessed.  The emotions  run  wild and uncontrolled, a gamut encompassing guilt, anger, cynicism,  bitterness, self-deprecation, and lust all the way to sadness, humor,  altruism, and at last, optimism.  The end result is utterly  magnificent.<br />Mr. Anderson has been quoted as saying that he thought  Minstrel was &quot;too autobiographical,&quot; expressing a feeling that  this was damaging to the album.  For many long-time Tull fans it is  precisely this feature that is so attractive.  For those not amongst the  hard-core of fans, if you like power in your music, there is more than  enough here to satisfy the most testosterone-laden circulatory system.  But  be prepared for a great deal of subtlety as well, as most of the works here  appear to be written in a manic-depressive style, yielding rapid-fire  insights into the many conflicts raging within the artist at what appears  to be a difficult time in his life.<br />The title track starts out simply and  accoustically, as everything on this album does.  But as is also  commonplace here, it quickly moves to a faster pace and a harsher demeanor.   (Pay a little attention to the extra percussion effects early on, for the  semi-joke at the end of Baker St. Muse relies on them).  Early on, Martin  Barre takes complete control of the massive opening track with his seering  guitar, never really relinquishing the song.  The overpowering sensation  that one takes away from this album is of Mr. Barre's strident guitar, and  that begins right here in the autobiographical title track in which Mr.  Anderson throws out humourous rapid-fire snippets of lyric alluding  directly to earlier Tull songs (for example, &quot;overfed&quot; -- Fat Man  -- &quot;and undertakers&quot; -- Two Fingers).<br />Two stunning, standout  tracks, Cold Wind to Valhalla and Black Satin Dancer follow.   These appear  to be the two least openly autobiographical works in the set.  The lovely  opening acoustic theme in Cold Wind is reprised an album later as the seed  for the lovely Salamander.  Here the acoustic theme quickly develops into  another powerful and very up-tempo performance highlighted, again, by Mr.  Barre's ever-present and ever-boisterous guitar.  Cold Wind rightfully  remains an important part of Tull's live repertoire to this day.  Black  Satin Dancer is a much more melodic descendent of the previous album's Back  Door Angels.  The developing style presented here would soon lead to other  Tull classics like No Lullaby, Flying Dutchman and Seal Driver, and  eventually bear full fruit in Farm On The Freeway many years later.   However, of all these, Black Satin Dancer is blessed with perhaps most  melodic main theme, although the actual development of that theme is  somewhat more ragged than would occur in the later works.  David Palmer's  orchestral arrangements, John Evans' opening piano work and, especially,  Jeffrey Hammonds' simple but beautiful bass are prominent in this landmark  song.<br />Two all-acoustic tracks, Requiem and One White Duck/0¹° = Nothing  At All, very different in emotion and effect, bridge the center of the  album.  The very slow and quiet Requiem, as slow in tempo as any song in  the Tull catalogue, appears to the be sad story of the breakup in Mr.  Anderson's first marriage -- a breakup apparently due to the long absences  of Mr. Anderson, which are so much a part of his chosen profession.  A  heavy burden of guilt is prominent in the lyric and redolent in the music.   This all appears to have left deep scars in his psyche -- many classics of  Tull's later works, Black Sunday among a number of others, appear to have  their genesisin this damaging experience.  One White Duck presents very  different emotions.    While the opening portion is one of those stunning  ballads which we've come to expect from Tull, imbued with murky yet  obviously personal lyrics -- perhaps related in some way to the previous  song -- the latter portion is laced with bitterness and anger at critics.   Mr. Anderson's ongoing battle with certain critics at this time is a little  unbecoming in his music, and fortunately he leaves it, for good,  here.<br />The huge Baker St. Muse medley takes us, essentially, to the end of  the album.  Constructed like a sandwich -- the title number comes in at the  top and bottom, with four individual sections occupying the middle -- this  masterful conglomeration bares the author's soul, serious warts and all.   The rapid, staccato presentation of Pig-Me and the Whore is a perfect match  for the blatantly crude lyric, which shows us a, umm, less-balanced side of  the artist.  Nice Little Tune is just that -- a little musical Prozac after  the disturbance which preceeded it.  Crash-barrier Waltzer is a miniature  ballad about a female form of the Aqualung character -- though somewhat  less lecherous than our old friend.  The author plays the role of hero  here, perhaps with just a touch of self-parody.  The melodic and compelling  Mother England Reverie breaks us from the darker regions of the author's  psyche into the highlands of self-assured optimism.  To me, it is the  highest point not only of the medley but perhaps of the entire album.  It  is the summation of the often dark tour through the author's mind, and an  eminently satisfying one at that.<br />The optimistic finish of the medley  renders the little ending skit &quot;I Can't Get Out&quot; as a  semi-serious joke -- as opposed to a cry for help.  This is topped off  nicely by the brief Grace in which the musician finds life not so bad at  all: greeting the sunny morning with lady in his bed and plenty of money  for breakfast!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I got this CD after hearing &quot;Here With Me&quot;. I love the CD! What  amazes me is she writes her own music, along with her brother.<br />   1.&quot;Here With Me&quot;-a great song to sing to, but as I let it all out  in Language, I noticed some staring at me. Wonder  why????<br />2.&quot;Hunter&quot;-an excellent song, I like the chorus part.  I've song this on the bus. <br />3.&quot;Don't think of me&quot;-I like this  song, especially the chorus. <br />4.&quot;My Lover's Gone&quot;-This is a  beautifully composed song, I can't tell if it talks about a husband dying  or left her. <br />5.&quot;All You Want&quot;-this isn't my fave, I don't like  it as much as the others. <br />6.&quot;Thankyou&quot;-I like the words.  <br />7.&quot;Honestly OK&quot;-I like the beat! It's  tight!<br />8.&quot;Slide&quot;-wow! This is a great  song!<br />9.&quot;Isobel&quot;-this sounds like one of Sarah Mclachlen's  songs, can't think of the name...but I like it. <br />10.&quot;I'm No  Angel&quot;-Okay, this is okay.<br />11.&quot;My Life&quot;-this is a cool,  soulful, deep song<br />Bonus Track-&quot;Take My Hand&quot;-I really, really,  really like this song and am glad they included it!
6304288433|2.0|This movie was probably the worst sequel I've ever seen. It was a pretty bad follow up to Halloween.
B00004W55E|5.0|I've been pacing my floor anticipating the release of this CD and,  needless to say, I am overjoyed!  Rachelle has truly outdone herself with  this one!  The inflections in her beautiful voice still move me and the  music definitely gets me groovin'.  From the first track Individuality (Can  I Be Me?), a declaration of the celebration of self,.....to the last track  I Can Explain, a cry for the love that may be lost, which is heightened by  Rachelle's piano playing.  This CD is excellent and recommended to all good  music lovers.  My favorite track right now is Gaia, in which Rachelle is  accompanied by Jonathan Butler.  But, with an album as great as this, I'm  sure I will have another favorite soon.  Enjoy!
630522577X|5.0|I have seen this for the first time and I really enjoyed it. The cast was superb and the dialog witty. It was a very interesting take on the story  &quot;Pygmalion&quot;. But beware--the songs are catchy and if you're not  careful you may find them stuck in your head.
038542471X|5.0|A story of a young boy on the run from the mafia because of something he accidently saw.  The book is fantastic!  Has you turning each page in a  hurry because it's so suspenseful.  The boy goes to a lawyer (who's played  by Susan Sarandon in the movie version) and she proceeds to help him.  John  Grisham is one of the best writers in the world in my opinion and I  strongly recommend this book.
B000002KBU|5.0|No wonder superlatives abound in just about every review of this album.  Joni, already established as a songwriter and performer of rare ability,  avoided all unnecessary embellishments in producing this virtualy  unrivalled collection of songs which manage to be deeply personal and have  universal appeal at the same time. &quot;Love is touching souls&quot; she  sings in &quot;A Case of You&quot;...well surely she touched mine the first  time I heard this album (nearly thirty years ago now) and it remains a  truly moving experience to follow Joni through these songs of joy, despair,  hope, desperation, love, loss, you name it! The title may be blue but Joni  lays bare emotions of every possible colour here; the songs are so subtly  crafted, the writing so effective, that you barely notice the construction  of each song. Joni's Appalachian dulcimer playing is beautifully augmented  by James Taylor's guitar on some tracks; Steve Stills helps out elswhere,  while on the more introspective pieces its just Joni on piano...overall an  intensity and quality which Joni has matched on some later songs  (&quot;Amelia&quot; from Hejira springs to mind) but never again for a full  album. Along with Dylan's &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;, this is the  standard by which all singer-songwriter albums should be judged.
0451169514|1.0|This is the first Stephen King book that I actually closed 2/3's through  because it was so boring!  It was an actual chore for me to read this book.  I only kept reading because I was hoping the story would turn around  somewhere along the line and become entertaining but it never happened.  I'm sorry, but I can't recommend this book to anyone because I didn't enjoy  it at all.
B000002KBU|5.0|This album still stands after thirty years. It's truly a classic.<br />Joni  Mitchell has a unique, amazing way of composing songs with beautiful  melodies and insightful lyrics.<br />My favorite tracks are: All I want,  Little green, California, Case of You, and the Christmas ditty-River:  &quot;I Wish i had a river to skate away on . . . &quot; I know exactly how  it feels, Joni.
0451196716|5.0|This is a rare instant where I actually enjoyed a Bachman book (except for  the Regulators and Desperation which were thrilling).  I was actually  trying to breath for the long distance walkers and at one point, even felt  tired along with the characters in the book.  It was that realistic.  I  recommend this book.
0446677450|5.0|I found Rich Dad Poor Dad much by chance and I'm glad I did. I was raised  by a poor dad who still thinks I should find a secure ,good job. I have a  college degree an have been an excellent employee for over 25 years,  however with the help of Robert T. Kiyosaki I intend to change that. For  those of you who only read his first book, you have missed the boat. Rich  Dad Poor Dad is only the beginning. I'm half way into The Cashflow Quadrant  and for me it has been a real education. My attitude about finances will  never be the same and I never plan to be an employee again.  His other  books are a must read for anyone who wants more out of life than what an  employer is willing to give you. I purchased Cashflow 101 and am playing  the game with my daughter and her husband, my 16 year old son and my  daughter's brother-in-law and my 18 year old son will be joining in at our  next meeting. I was born to a Poor Dad, however I have no intention of  carrying that label to my grave. With Robert Kiyosaki's  books as a guide I  will change my lifestyle and that of my family.
0385472951|5.0|What a great book with a fantastic ending! This book was gripping from beginning to end and I'd recommend this highly.  Like all of Grisham's books, it starts off throwing out details for us to absorb and in this book, a sudden thrill as the main character is picked up and tortured but that's all I'll say because I don't want to spoil the book for you.  The book continues to build up and up until the final bang at the end.  I never saw this ending twist coming at all which is unusual for me.  The final ending knocked me off my feet with surprise.  If you're a Grisham fan or just enjoy surprise endings, then this is a 'must-have' book for your bookshelf.  I fully recommend this exceptional book.
B000002GQK|5.0|Every track is great!!!! BUT---- listening to it on your web site is like  pulling the hairs off my balls one by one!!!!
0451160916|5.0|How can anyone ever forget that line from the movie!  Although the movie  was good, the book was better.  I never pictured Jack Nicholson as the main  character although he did a supurb job.  The book, I believe, is a classic  already.  It's a heartstopper as you turn each page especially near the end  when father and son are running through the hotel maze.  Well worth  reading.
0671034065|5.0|LINDA HOWARD HAS WRITTEN ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS TO COME OUT IN A LONG TIME.   I LAUGHED AND LAUGHED. THE FRIEND WHO LENT ME THE BOOK, SAID SHE TURNED  AROUND AND REREAD IT WHEN SHE GOT DONE.  THIS BOOK IS A KEEPER.
0451197968|3.0|Once again, just as Thinner, this book was not very good.  It was  entertaining enough to get through it but it didn't keep me on the edge of  my seat as his other books do.  For some reason, he has a different writing  style in the Bachman books.  Maybe that was done purposely.  I don't know.   Whatever the reason, I don't like the writing style at all.
0380002930|5.0|The story just takes you along on each adventure each rabbit experiences.  Your emotions ride the roller-coaster till the very end. <br />The movie was  also excellent!! <br />Once you read this, it will stay with you forever!
0899663036|5.0|Its story is naive, with no complex plot at all, the characters are those  that we are familiar with through our lives, in short it's a simple read.  But you fall in love with every character you meet, you admire every little  thing these beautiful people do to build up a life and a future. Francis is  every child on earth, her mother is what is hidden in every women, the poor  father is one of the most loveable characters in the history of fiction...  read, laugh, cry, feel that you live.
B00000JPH5|4.0|Excellent,touching Fantasy movie:) I especially LOVED Bowie as the darkly sexy and exotic Goblin King! <br />But all in all, the movie is a favorite  among my fantasy movies.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This is by far the best movie of the decade.  And thats all there is to  it.
6305508550|5.0|Well, after seeing atleast my 3rd time, I have come to the conclusion that  this is a definate must see! I can honestly say that anyone who is having a  bad day from work, will be healed insantly by this film.<br />At my school and  job, it is not the easiest time, as I am sure you all can understand.{I go  to both work and school} Well, this movie can do wonders for your mind.  <br />Some funny scenes in the film are Michael Bolton's scene.{Best known as  Mad TV's David Herman). Those scenes were great!<br />There is much more I  could say to suede you into seeing this movie, well I relly do not want to.  LoL.<br />This a must see! I had seen it before, a few times, then 3 days ago  I received the new addition, I have watched it once, and I am sure I will  watch it by Friday, {Thursday}<br />Have A Nice LiFE!<br />Ryan
B0000028VT|5.0|i would like to thank mariah for recording this album .it touched my heart  . i've been listening to it almost 7 years believe me you won't regret  buying it.she has the voice of an angel.when i listen to her i feel like  i'm on the clouds and who would ever forget the best single on this album  (hero).alot of us love singing this song .i once saw on tv students singing  this song to christopher reeve. this album means alot to me cause each song  sends a message and has a meaning unlike other artists who sing stupid  songs(i won't mention names).if you would like to know the real mariah then  this album is just for you. i don't care what anyone says about mariah ,she  is the greatest of all but i do wish that she would sing now ballads and  pop like she used to.
6305508550|5.0|Well, after seeing atleast my 3rd time, I have come to the conclusion that  this is a definate must see! I can honestly say that anyone who is having a  bad day from work, will be healed insantly by this film.<br />At my school and  job, it is not the easiest time, as I am sure you all can understand.{I go  to both work and school} Well, this movie can do wonders for your mind.  <br />Some funny scenes in the film are Michael Bolton's scene.{Best known as  Mad TV's David Herman). Those scenes were great!<br />There is much more I  could say to suede you into seeing this movie, well I relly do not want to.  LoL.<br />This a must see! I had seen it before, a few times, then 3 days ago  I received the new addition, I have watched it once, and I am sure I will  watch it by Friday, {Thursday}<br />Have A Nice LiFE!<br />Ryan
B00004U9MS|4.0|Hmm...<br />You can't help but feel there's a fair bit of The Man Who'ness  about this album. But where Travis' effort hangs completely on the hits  (Driftwood et al.) with the rest of the album featuring great swathes of  guitar pop so inefectual it could barely concuss a badger, this forges a  more cohesive direction. <br />It's sad, but realistically it's a four star  album 90% of you USA-oids will never listen to. I don't think you'll be  missing that much however... try sticking the Travis album on again and set  your CD player to cycle round the decent songs. You'll get the flavour.
630469654X|5.0|It's hard to imagine a romantic adventure of this caliber being made today. In fact, it was somewhat anachronistic when it was made in the mid 1980s. But I wish that there were more movies this good being made today. I don't know how many times I've seen Ladyhawke but it's been quite a few, and I never seem to tire of it. In fact, although I already had it on videocassette, I bought the DVD version even before I had a DVD player because I din't want to take a chance that it would become unavailable. This movie is that good.<br />The title, LadyHawke, comes from the fact that the lady (Michelle Pfeiffer) is a hawk by day and a woman only at night as the result of a curse placed by a jealous bishop. Because of the curse, her lover (Rutger Hauer) is a wolf at night and a man by day. Thus, although the lover's are always together, they are also always apart. An old priest (Leo Kern) comes up with a plan to break the curse and enlists the help of a young thief (Matthew Broderick) in implementing it. This is a truly wonderful movie with a great script, fine acting, and great atmosphere and photography plus lots of action, suspense, and romance. A winner that's on my top dozen films list.
B000000OPU|5.0|A classic album.  We have used the song &quot;Big Time&quot; as a theme  for one of our large college friends.  He is so huge.  &quot;Big Time&quot;  fits him to a tee (if anything fits him).  We have produced a 180-word fat  list for this kid, and wish we could make a video for &quot;Big Time&quot;  for this fatkid, which would be perfect.  Honestly, if you have an  overweight friend or two, buy this album or at least find &quot;Big  Time&quot; on Napster.
0393038912|5.0|Esta tarea parece  en principio demasiado grande para un solo autor, pues  recopilar la vida en la tierra, abarcando toda los  continentes con   excepción de la antártica por un periodo de 13.000 años, parece  enorme y  en verdad el libro es monumental. No agobia ni cansa al lector con jergas  antropológicas ni lenguaje rebuscado. No  esta lleno de odiosos pies de  paginas, que tanto atrasan al lector. Es rápido, y se mueve a buen ritmo  explicativo, yéndose de un tema a otro sin ser repetitivo ni pedante.<br />La  historia parece documentar mas a Australia y Nueva Zelanda, pues el autor  ha hecho mas investigación ahí, pero su enfoque de los demás continentes  esta muy bien logrado, pues no esta tratando de contarnos toda la historia,  sino solo lo referente a los primeros asentamientos humanos y el paso de  las organizaciones humanas, de nómadas, a bandas, de bandas a reinos y de  reinos a estados. Claro que la transición de cada uno de ellos no fue  homogénea ni rápida, tardo mucho y varios factores ayudaron a que a veces  se adelantara y a veces que se retrasara. Las fuerzas externas, como  guerras, y amenazas de conquistas por parte de invasores, hacían que las  grandes tribus se uniesen para protegerse de enemigos comunes.<br />La  geografía juega parte importante en el desarrollo de esta tesis, ya que los  accidentes geográficos y los cambios climáticos, según el autor, ayudaron o  retrasaron el desarrollo de los pueblos, unos como los de nueva Zelanda y  Australia que permanecieron aislados y subdesarrollados, y otros, los  pueblos europeos que al poder hacer un intercambio de producto, se  beneficiaban de un intercambio de ideas  y difusión de cultivos entre  pueblos.<br />Por supuesto que es una teoría y es perfectamente debatible como  cualquier otra y en un futuro próximo esta tesis podría ser confirmada por  mas información o rebatida con igual cantidad de información en su contra.  Aunque pienso que el libro es fantástico y nodebe de ser tomado bajo  ningún concepto como un libro racista, sino instructivo. Muy buena lectura  no solamente para los amantes de la antropología sino para quien quiera  enterarse del porque de muchas cosas y tener datos certeros a mano...<br />Luis  Mendez
B00000JJQK|5.0|I have to conclude that &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; is the greatest album ever  made. Hands down. Forget about the greatest &quot;pop&quot; ever made- it  is up there with the greatest music ever made. I have no qualm in placing  Brian Wilson in the company of Beethoven and Mozart. Unlike anything else  on record. &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; is great too, but &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;  resides on a different level...but the essence of the sound I cannot put  into words. It's effect on me is completely delightful and beautiful. You  just have to listen- and enjoy.
B00004X0M6|5.0|Laura Pausini's latest CD is a winner.  This album contains fourteen solid  songs that will revive her status as an international singer with worldwide  appeal.  &quot;Somos Hoy,&quot; the opening song on the CD, quickly  establishes the feeling that she has chosen to go back to the sounds and  rhythems of one of her best selling CD's, Las Cosas Que Vives.  The  collection alternates between upbeat tracks like &quot;Un Error de Los  Grandes,&quot; with its driving guitar and pumping bass line, to several  slower songs in the grand style, with slowly building finishes, including  &quot;Quiero Decirte&quot; and the most emotional song of all,  &quot;Vivre.&quot;  The one English language cut on the CD, &quot;The Extra  Mile,&quot; appears in the &quot;Pokemon 2000&quot; movie and is a  traditional sentimental soundtrack song.  But overall, this album is a must  have for ardent fans of Laura Pausini as well as curious buyers who want to  sample the international pop music scene.  She co-wrote most of the lyrics  on this album, which was produced in Hollywood with help from the London  Chamber Orchestra on some songs.  The sound quality of this CD is great  with Pausini's voice coming through strong and clear.  I predict that  &quot;Musica Sera&quot; will be released as a single and you may hear it  soon on Latin radio stations across the country.
B00004W55E|5.0|RACHELLE FARRELL NEW CD IS ONE ARTISTTHAT HAVE I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR NEW  SONGS FOR A WHILE, ITS BEEN 8 YEARS SINCE HER LAST RELEASE, EVERY SONG  ONTHIS CD IS EXCELLENT, ALSO GREAT JOB BYGEORGE DUKE WHO PRODUCE THIS  MASTERPEICE
B000003TA4|5.0|So Nirvana wore their influences on their sleeve, so what?  In interviews,  Kurt Cobain mentioned that he really only aspired to be as good as the  Pixies.  And in a lot of ways, that's what he did.  He took the pretty  noisy pop of bands like The Pixies and the Replacements and added his own  unique spin to the whole sound.  This album, while not the absolute best,  is probably one of the most accessible albums Nirvana ever put out.  While  Bleach is heavy and abrasive, Nevermind has a smooth sheen over it.  This  album is for me definitely up there.  Cobain was, if not one of the best,  at least one of the more interesting songwriters of the last decade.  He  was able to take a sound and a style and add his own qualities and talent  to it.   Like I said, this is a classic.
6304414145|5.0|&quot;Ransom&quot;, directed by Ron Howard, offers chilling performances  by Mel Gibson, Gary Sinise and Rene Russo, all of whom are highly talented,  seasoned professional actors. Donnie Wahlberg, Lili Taylor and Brawley  Nolte make up a fine supporting cast as well. The kidnapping plot and  storyline are well thought out and well scripted, and make for a wonderful  suspense thriller from start to finish. This one's worth owning!
0767835255|4.0|Harrison Ford played the role of President of the United States very well.  And he expressed solemnity as the President and humor as Harrison Ford.   The story line is not as simple as it seemed at first sight. It is  elaborated in great detail.  This film is not showy but worthseeing.  Thank  you.
B000002ADT|5.0|I will add my voice to the many others in my appreciation for this album.   If you have no other jazz CD, then get this one.  If you have no music  collection whatsoever, start with this one.  Whether or not you are a  beginning listener or a veteran musician, &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; is the  epitimy of musicianship.  And this is the only album I know of with any  valid claims to it's own corner of heaven.
B00004RHZU|5.0|The reason I gave this album 5 stars is because it's just an original  album in a long time to come along for a pop/R&amp;b artist.  Instead of  the typical  love you this, love you that joints the rest are filled with,  she comes along with reality, indicating that love does'nt always turns out  to be glamorous and people just don't fall in love 2 or 3 days after a  relationship starts.  &quot;There you go&quot; is sh**, as all of you  should know, and &quot;Can't take me home&quot; is the best joint on the  album.  The beat is just off the hook and the lyrics are tight.  &quot;You  make me sick&quot; is great because of the flow, and &quot;Most girls&quot;  is just a perfect song.  She keeps it real because she says exactly whats  on her mind, even if it means  she might have to say a couple of curse  words.  It might be funny to say this, but the realist song on the album is  &quot;Stop falling&quot;, just because she says things like &quot;Don't  assume because I'm a woman that I fall in love...&quot;  It's that  &quot;realness&quot; she has that makes this album a great one, and by  having that it separates her from the crowd of &quot;make me wanna  &quot;PUKE&quot; pop artists and R&amp;b singers.  This is perfect debut  for her and she deserves everyone of the 5 stars I've given her.  Bottom  line is, the album is dope, every song is dope, it's worth your 13 bucks,  and you need to go get it  if you don't have it yet.  Whoever does'nt like  this album, need to get a q-tip or something to take the wax out their  ears.
B00004RFCM|5.0|I'd only seen a couple of episodes of this wonderfully funny, honest show  during the odd hotel stay (I don't get HBO).  I was thrilled to see it  released on DVD and spent last weekend watching it with my best friend!   It's really a quality cast and has outstanding writing, and is every bit as  funny (and then some) as the highest-rated network comedies.  Admittedly it  *is* racy, so if you've not seen it before you should be warned.  These 4  women certainly making being single and in the city look like a lot of fun.
B000000HZT|5.0|&quot;A Curious Feeling&quot; is Tony Banks' first solo album. Even though  the singer (Kim Beacon) Tony uses is second-rate, the musicianship on this  CD, carried primarily by TB, more than makes up for the mediocre  singing.Tony's keyboard work is quite compelling on the opening track, an  instrumental titled &quot;From The Undertow&quot;, which is most likely  inspired from &quot;Undertow&quot;, from the Genesis album ...And Then  There Were Three... The other two instrumentals &quot;Forever Morning&quot;  and &quot;The Waters Of Lethe&quot;, are outstanding as well. The tracks  featuring vocals are fine as well, but it is the intrumentals that make  &quot;A Curious Feeling&quot; a masterpiece. What else would you expect rom  the founding member of Genesis? Buy this rare gem before it goes out of  print!
B00004X0Q0|5.0|This album will take a few listens until you can truly appreciate it.  At  first it may sound rough around the edges, but that's the beauty of it.   Songs like Pattern Against User and Quarantined are raw, but also strangely  hummable.  The standout track on this album in my opinion is Invalid Litter  Department.  This is a dynamically beautiful song.  I recommend anyone that  likes their music unfiltered and real to get this CD-you'll really enjoy  it.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I am a very open-minded person, especially when it comes to music. I like  any music that has the ability to move the listener, be it through rap,  rock, classical, soul, whatever. This album, in my mind, is song-for-song  the most beautiful, perfect, best-sounding album ever created. An  unbelievable amount of work and genius went in to producing this album. I  have owned the album for about 6 years and it always blows me away.  Hopefully this record will one day be truly appreciated for the masterpiece  that it is.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I just wanted to state that I have read a lot of reviews describing what  Radiohead is like. And a lot of people say &quot;Pink Floyd&quot;. I just  needed to say that Radiohead does not remind me of Pink Floyd. Radiohead is  like Pink Floyd in that they are musical groups whose art will survive  generations. The music is very well orchestrated, with beautiful layers  with full of ... not depressing ... but DEEPLY CHALLENGING lyrics. This  album is a work of art that deserves to be cherished.
B000002JR8|4.0|This is a pretty cool album. Nothing more, nothing less. I bought this  album about three years ago. At first this album really scared me, being  naive to metal as I was. But I loved it at the same time. I still listen to  it every now and then because it is a great display of anger and  frustration, mostly coming from Phil. Also, since I play guitar and bass, I  like this album for it's riffs and drumming. There are way heavier and  better bands out there, like Krisiun, Angelcorpse, and Hate Eternal, but  Pantera still gets my attention. Reccommended.
0767802624|5.0|Is it just my imagination, or did Tommy Lee Jones sound like he'd  &quot;indulged&quot; a little before recording his commentary track ?   Watching the actual film reveals a very precise articulate performance on  his part (as always), but during his commentary he seems to have trouble  expressing himself beyond the word &quot;cool&quot;. Not that it really  matters though : he's still entertaining to listen to !
0786880708|5.0|In Jon Kabat-Zinn's first book, Full Catastrophe Living, he details the  relationship between stress and health and outlines his program for  reclaiming your life. True to his style of revealing the extraordinary  aspects of the otherwise ordinary, this book shows the reader how to enrich  many day-to-day activities through mindful living.<br />I particularly enjoyed  the format. The book first introduces the reader to the concept of  mindfulness and then it provides short chapters about how mindfulness can  be applied to various aspects of life. Making the chapters short and  focused on a particular facet allows the reader to quickly read and apply  the techniques in a step-wise fashion, incrementally applying mindfulness  to different aspects of life.
B00003CXDG|1.0|Although a usual fan of both Cruise and Woo I found myself fighting the urge to leave midway through the movie. As incredible as Woo may be in his  gravity defying stunts (half the stunts could win the high jump in the  Olympics), this movie was just a bit much. I loved Face Off, but MI2 has  absolutely no redeeming qualities. Boring plot, bad dialog, no charismatic  acting, a general bore.
0671034065|1.0|I truly do enjoy Linda Howard's work outside of her mystery line.  Why is  it that all of the really good romance writers try to move into the mystery  area.  None of them are truly any good.  This book stunk as much as her  last few mystery novels.  I suggest that she sticks to her romance line  because she really is not getting any better with the mysteries. I will not  be buying any more mysteries by Howard.
630157401X|5.0|The Last Crusade captures the fun and adventure of Raiders and the Holy Grail theme kinda moves everybody.  I felt like I was Indiana Jones or Lara  Croft after it was over.  I highly recommend this video to anyone.  If you  like adventure or think that stuff about the ancients is cool, then this is  for you.
0375704027|5.0|Why Murakami didn't allow a widespread English release of Alfred  Birnbaum's translation is cause for some serious head scratching. Although  Rubin does a more than adequate job (his translation work was better in  WIND-UP BIRD), he lacks the   pacing and pitch-perfect understanding of  language that was the hallmark of Birnbaum. <br />That said, Norwegian Wood is  such a special book . Read it once and it will change your life.
6305205620|5.0|I saw Metallica at the Summit in Houston within days of this DVD being  shot.  To this day, it is the best concert I have ever seen.  I never  thought I could capture that same feeling at home, until I saw this DVD.   It is cut in a wide-open, in your face format, just like the concert  itself.  Metallica has come as close to capturing the feeling of being  there as possible.  The special effects, sound and editing make it an  absolute 'must have' for even the casual Metallica fan.  Other bands could  learn from this one.  Listen to the sound through your home stereo and tell  your neighbors to go out for the night.
B00004TWSX|5.0|Forget about the regular release of this disc. It the best sounding  version out there. DCC have made this disc so good it's even better than  the MOFI release. Putting a price tag on a difference in quality is always  difficult but when you want the best and have the money to spend than  you've got to buy this one!
B00004T9UH|5.0|I LOVE this cd!  it is the BOMB!  i would suggest it to teenagers 12 and  up.  If you like dr. dre, nelly, kid rock, and dmx, you will LOVE The  Marshall Mathers LP!  Of course i listen to the lyrics, but i dont go doin'  crazy stuff, and, parents, i'm 13!  The reason i reccomended it for kids  over 12 is that i don't think little kids should hear all that until they  are old enough to understand what to and not to say!
6305922756|5.0|If you have seen Spinal Tap, do yourself a favor and buy this DVD for the  extras. You will not regret it. There are four complete music videos on  this disc. TV Commercials. An excerpt from a TV talk show. More outtakes  than movie. Well worth the price of admission.
0553269631|4.0|The Heart is a lonely Hunter is a very different sort of book. I've read  quite a few books, and never one quite like it. One person I know compared  it to the Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath because of the dark story line. The  story is based upon the lives of 5 main characters, the majority of the  story telling spent on the mute John Singer and the teenager Mick Kelly.  Themes of alienation, isolation, intolerance, loneliness, and the  fulfillment of dreams dominate the novel. The opposite of a superficial  book, this story is about how people feel at their core and their dreams  and aspirations. The writing is good, but just not very happy. The focus is  more on how lonely each character feels and for what reasons. After reading  it, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter forced me to think deeply. And I believe  the title sums up what Carson McCullers was trying to say in her first  novel.
B000000WA4|5.0|So many sounds, lyrics and emotions fly around on this grand opus that, taken as a two-disc whole, it's hard to decipher the true heart and sound of \\"Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.\\" I suppose the piano on the title track is as good a place as any to decipher this ambitious double album. The stately intro to the disc suggests changes are afoot, and it's a beacon of calmness amid the eclecticism that follows. Though studio embellishments played an important role in enhancing these discs, \\"Mellon Collie\\" is also hugely raw in spots, both sonically and lyrically. Billy Corgan's voice, for instance, is often much more stretched and strained, and it's less self-conscious and meditative than on past material. He almost completely neglects the lullabylike vocal stylings of [[ASIN:B000000WJZ Siamese Dream]], and lets a lot hang out on both these discs.<br /><br />Corgan's lyrics often veer toward grasping life's challenges and dealing with them in a headstrong manner, bettering yourself: \\"You're not the same, you're  different,\\" he advises on \\"Tonight, Tonight,\\" a glorious  song with an elaborately added string section. At the same time, Corgan can be equally despondant and hopeless: \\"Living make me sick, so sick I wish I'd die,\\" he moans on \\"Jelly Belly,\\" a tough, guitar-fuzzed rocker that hearkens back to the early Pumpkins days. The uplifting \\"Here is No Why\\" is one of the top songs from disc one, easily as good as the released singles and probably more powerful. Just as powerful -- yet not as sonically pleasing -- is \\"An Ode to No One,\\" a definite take-no-prisoners rampage that doesn't rest for a grinding, vocally puzzling five minutes. More experimental sounds come from the perfectly distorted \\"Love,\\" the poetic and fairy taleish \\"Cupid De Locke,\\" and the tenderly nostalgic \\"Galapogos.\\" The Pumpkins save some of the best gems for last on disc one, tunes such as \\"Muzzle\\" and the moving \\"Porcelina of the Vast Oceans,\\" which boasts one of most foreboding and mysterious opening two minutes ever heard on a rock album. The song proceeds to jam out for seven more minutes, and that wraps up disc one.<br /><br />The second disc begins like a house on fire with \\"Where Boys Fear to Tread\\" and the ripping \\"Bodies,\\" but then promptly settles down with the  mellow and lyrically beautiful \\"Thirty-Three.\\" Disc two may get the slight nod as the superior material between the two discs. It ranges  from the Sabbathesque (song 1), to hip and jumping beats (\\"1979\\"), to a tinge of country (\\"In the Arms of Sleep\\"), to refreshingly tender and quiet (\\"Stumbleine\\"). A gem among the many on disc two -- as sonically pleasing as the Pumpkins have ever sounded -- is \\"Thru the Eyes of Ruby,\\" a beautiful and gripping tune that uniquely changes course a few times.  If \\"Bodies\\" represents the Pumpkins' classic garage sound, then \\"Ruby\\" is where the band plays when it's in its palace. Curiously, \\"Ruby\\" got a somewhat indifferent reception when I heard it played live in the mid-1990s. The raging \\"Tales of a Scorched Earth\\" is a purposely scorched song, which won't be welcomed by casual fans, or perhaps even die-hard ones. However, after a few listens the song grows on you and blends in like a fiery haze. \\"X.Y.U.\\" may be the worst of the entire lot, a song with too many lyrics and music so crushing that it practically snuffs itself out. Perhaps the biggest surprises occur at the end of disc two when the songs take on a calmer tone, as if winding listeners down from the whirlwind ride. Strangely enough, \\"Beautiful,\\" \\"Lily,\\" \\"By Starlight\\" and the closer, \\"Farewell and Goodnight,\\" though far from the loud, fuzzed-out rock 'n' roll that preceded them, may be the best, most coherent, most effective material from the entire \\"Mellon Collie\\" opus. The sharing of lullabylike vocals on the last song is especially heartwarming and touching, as a sense of pride and cooperation pervades.<br /><br />Released smack dab in the middle of the 1990s, \\"Mellon Collie\\" was an unbelievable accomplishment by Billy Corgan and the Smashing Pumpkins, at once majestic and hopeful, yet also raw and downtrodden when Corgan so chose.hment by Billy Corgan and the Smashing Pumpkins, at once majestic and hopeful, yet also raw and downtrodden when Corgan so chose.
0137549202|5.0|Although the authors say this book could be used as an introductory text  in DSP, it is not. This book is a no nonsense approach towards DSP. You  need firm grounding in calculus, signals and systems to be close to even  understand what the authors intend to say.  <br />With a good professor and  with the skill set that the authors assume you have, you will find this a  life long reference. How ever for the not so sure Stanley's Digital Signal  processing is a much better choice. <br />The beginner should find Richard  Lyon's Understanding DSP to be more user friendly, but if you outgrow Lyon,  then this is the book that would whet your appetite.This book will be one  you will frequently refer to clear your doubts.
B00003CXE7|5.0|These movie, to me of course, in one of the best movies of these year, Russel is one best acor in this moment
B00000FCBC|5.0|both cds are extremely packed with great riffs and vocals, but the only  reason the cd says &quot;parental advisory&quot; is because of the 11th  track on disc 2, SO WHAT. this song is so twisted and vulgar that you are  immediately know that whoever wrote this song was drunk beyond belief at  the time.  if you're over the age of 11, listen to this track. i guarantee  you'll be singing it over and over and over
B000000OPZ|5.0|it sold well.<br />I like it, but it was one of the most disapointing  purchaces of my life.<br />Whitesnake sold out to sell massive copies.   Snakebite, Ready 'n' Willing, Saints and Sinners, Northwinds are so much  better.<br />I do like this album (it took quite awhile for this to happen)but  the drumming was definatly inferor to to previous Whitesnake efforts.<br />I  just hope Dunbar does not muck up UFO's newest release.  I give this 5  stars because it sold well but the Snake can do so much better.
B00000FCBC|5.0|both cds are extremely packed with great riffs and vocals, but the only  reason the cd says &quot;parental advisory&quot; is because of the 11th  track on disc 2, SO WHAT. this song is so twisted and vulgar that you are  immediately know that whoever wrote this song was drunk beyond belief at  the time.  if you're over the age of 11, listen to this track. i guarantee  you'll be singing it over and over and over
020161622X|3.0|The reviews I read about this book are pretty accurate, except this book  is too wordy.  It could be 1/2 the size it is if the authors would have  gotten to the point faster.  A lot of explanations go on and on and I am  left wondering when am I going to get to read what the point is?!  Get to  it!<br />The two authors are certainly qualified to author this book, judging  by what their backgrounds are.  For the most part, the chapters are  interesting, informative, and thought provoking.  Most of the ideas are not  what the average, or above average programmer would think of.<br />Some of  the ideas though are not worth the paper to print them on, and many of them  are not explained well enough.  Given the amount of words for explanations,  this should not have been.  Therefore, I can only give this book three  stars.  Overall I feel that the book is too drawn out and not to the point  enough.
0385486804|4.0|After reading a segment of the book initially in Outside magazine, I  couldn't wait to get the book, paperback, that is. Well I wasn't  dissappointed and I whipped through the book in record time. The allure of  the book is similar to the draw Chris had for Alaska. The unknown and the  adventure it brings can be intoxicating, even deadly. The story of this  young adventure idealist is a compelling straightforward account. Written  with the insight of a true life adventurer-journalist, Jon Krakauer does an  outstanding job recreating the mystery surrounding the life of Chris  McCandless, who gave up everything for adventure. Many want to do something  along these lines but few have the nerve to actually do it. The questions  abound throughout the book concerning, the why did he do this and of course  they are never answered. This is a book that you can be read very quickly,  quicker than the ill advised adventure Chris McCandless lived in Alaska. If  you like to travel and have a bit of wanderlust running through your veins,  read this book, but not while you are solo in the wilderness. The author  draws a compassionate picture of Chris and one can't help but feel for him.  I think the man did what he wanted to do and miscalculated, hence a fatal  mistake. Much like the parachutist who loves skydiving until the chute  doesn't open, Chris probably loved his adventure until the hunger pangs  finally let him rest in peace.
B000003CKH|4.0|When i first got this album three years ago, I didn't think to highly of  it. I recently bought a used copy of it after i never got a copy back that  I loaned out. This cd is amazing. I have to say the music is a little  strange. Strange is good. This cd is damn good
B00004TL21|5.0|I have never listened to a Deftones album but I knew them by reputation  from friends that are fans. I bought &quot;WP&quot; based on the couple of  reviews I read when the CD was first released. I must say that I was blown  away. I had been looking for a decent album over the past few months  (&quot;Battle&quot; by Rage had been the CD I had been listening to for the  past six months and I hadn't found anything released recently that came  close to it in overall quality) and I was pleasantly surprised by this  incredible album. The complexity of the arrangements and the hard hitting  nature of its melodic hooks is stunning. This is an album that is head and  shoulders above almost every recent alterna-metal CD in recent memory. In  terms of comparisons to other bands or styles, I would say that  &quot;WP&quot; is the equivalent of Tool meets Marilyn Manson, specifically  when you focus on Moreno's vocals. Like Manson, he doesn't have a  particularly good voice but he uses the soft/loud fluctuation method to  produce memorable results. And the musicians behind him really create some  incredibly dense and electrifying passages. &quot;WP&quot; really grabs you  by throat from its opening track- &quot;Feliciteira&quot; (sic) is one of  the best opening songs that I have heard in a long time. From there, it  doesn't let go and is one of the few recent CDs that can be listened to  straight through without skipping any tracks. Its an album that produces a  rollercoaster of reactions from the listener from song to song and is never  uninteresting or repetative. This is really the first &quot;MUST-BUY&quot;  album of 2000 and the rest of the rock world will be hard pressed to  release any CDs that come close to matching its consistent musical and  lyrical quality.
B000002L9J|5.0|This cd is amazing. That is all i have to say
B00003CXE7|5.0|By far the story and action in this movie are well synchronized it is based on actual characters and truth.  Maximus was the one fictional  character of a real story.  We don't know if it happened this way, but it  could of.  Marcus Aurealis dies one of the greatest of Roman Emperors and  the last of the golden age of Rome.  Only to be succeeded by his son,  Commedus, who was a vain, foolish, and comtemptable tyrant. I believed that  this story was stunning visually and dramatically, the effects were  delicious with just enough gore, to provide with one of the best stories I  have ever seen.  I was moved countless times, by all the characters.  Even  Commedus, the tyrant, you loved him and felt sorry for him, because he  didn't really want to be the tyrant, he wanted the love of his  father, and  without that he became horribly ambitious. Five stars just sometimes  doesn't seem good enough.
B000002LIX|5.0|Jane's Addiction took the underground (and eventually the mainstream) by  storm in a fashion that truly has to be respected.  These guys did it  without the benefit of being MTV's darlings (&quot;Been Caught  Stealing&quot; being the notable exception), without immense radio airplay  and without opening for huge acts.  They had a vision of giving a bored  mainstream some underground aesthetic, and judging by the success of the  first (and best) Lollapalooza, I'd say they pulled it off.  And before the  wrong types of people got into their music, they wisely disbanded.  This  conclusion to the spectacle can very well be the album that truly got the  alternative wagon rolling.  It's heavy guitar, mountainous dynamics, epic  songs and funkiness without the postured trappings made &quot;Ritual&quot;  into a classic.  From the opening &quot;Stop&quot;, it's a rollercoaster  excercise in great songwriting.  &quot;Three Days&quot; - WHO said this was  boring? - is the highlight of the album, weaving images of the holy trinity  and a menage a trois marathon.  These guys had fun with creation -  something seriously missing in today's dull musical climate.  It's like an  impressionist painting to a beat.  You could really learn from this CD.
6304675399|4.0|SCREAM 2 IS A COPY OF THE FIRST REALLY ,BUT NEVERTHELESS IT IS STILL A  VERY GOOD FILM.I THINK THE PERFORMANCES BY NEVE CAMPBELL,DAVID ARQUETTE AND  COURTNEY COX WERE  SUPERB BUT IT WAS STILL KINDA PREDICTABLE WHO THE KILLER  WAS.I COULDNT BELEIVE THE TWIST AT THE END THOUGH.ONE TO WATCH
0064407667|5.0|Follows more along the dark, ironic, satirical path of Edward Gorey than that of Rowling. Reminds me of Gashlycrumb Tinies. Very enjoyable in the  cathartic and sardonic sense. My $.02...
B00001U0GQ|2.0|I think its a set up.  I think they just threw this together and so many  people loved this movie they will want the DVD and then next year suddenly  a new DVD edition with special features will pop up.  I mean, come on, this  one doesn't even have the trailer!  <br />It did have the correct ratio and  that is something, but it ain't much given what else is out there.
B0000203YT|4.0|1998 was the rebirth of the renaissance, and that year's nominated films  proved that one didn't have to lug a Brittanica  from a dusty bookshelf to  enjoy a piece of history. &quot;Elizabeth&quot; and &quot;Shakespeare In  Love&quot; were in high competition with many nominations in the same  category, including Best Actress and Best Picture. Cate Blanchett was  enrapturing as England's prudent and perservering monarch, but audiences  were swept away  by the fictitious yet contemporary fable of how  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; was birthed from one of the greatest literary  minds in the world. This beautiful piece of filmmaking is director John  Madden's delightful theory of how William Shakespeare, the celebrated but  mystifying playwright, conjured one of the greatest romantic tragedies ever  told in the history of theater. It is well cast as well as superbly  directed, the actors clad in elaborate and colorful ball gowns and  pantaloons correlating impeccably with the renaissance period. The sets are  scrupulously designed and the cinematography is stunning, capturing each  integral moment with precision and style. Born at a time when Hollywood was  swallowed by the over-hyped action genre, &quot;Shakespeare In Love&quot;  was a refreshing and welcome change.<br />Gwyneth Paltrow is radiant as the  fair and virtuous Viola de Lesseps, a ray of sunshine and a wild spirit  underneath her frill and fuss. In her determination to be a recognized  thespian, she dons a bland and inconspicuous wig, giving herself the alias  of Thomas Kent and heads to an audition for Shakespeare's pirate comedy  &quot;Romeo and Ethel&quot;. Not only is she sought after for her  mesmerizing presence on stage, she becomes the object of Will's affections,  revealing her true identity and becoming his lover and muse.<br />Joseph  Fiennes was an excellent choice for the pining dramatist, a beguiling and  head-turning gentleman with gumption to boot. He is exactly the opposite of  what we know from the enigmatic author, a more preferred and desirable  flesh-and-blood incarnation for the director's fictional premise and  dazzling vision. He plays the part of the melodramatic and self-deprecating  artist convincingly, feeding off his emotions for inspiration. His  imagination is aroused intensely when he lays eyes upon Viola for the first  time, and immediately afterward begins penning the poetic splendor that has  eluded him for months. Out of his intense love affair and the  heartwrenching despair of their uncontrollable fates comes his tragedy, one  that will win the queen's heart and secure him a place in her royal court  of artists and poets for life.<br />The supporting cast is incredibly gifted,  especially the droll quirkiness of Geoffrey Rush's depiction of Philip  Henslowe, a businessman with an inescapable debt and the lifesaving ability  to negotiate. Also to be commended for brilliant theatrics is Colin Firth  as the pompous and domineering Lord Wessex, Viola's betrothed and a  conniving gold digger to boot. The ire and jealousy between Firth and  Fiennes is electrifying and suspenseful,  their opposing methodology making  for the perfect chemistry. I also enjoyed seeing Rupert Everett as  Christopher Marlowe, the man who makes no effort for ideas - they flow to  him as if by a river. Judi Dench was perfectly snide and razor-sharp as  Queen Elizabeth, but I don't think she was deserving of an Oscar. She had  less screen time than the nurse (Imelda Staunton, who by the way, was the  best nurse I've ever seen). Perhaps the Academy was so enamored with her in  the past that there was no holding their breaths this time around.<br />Marc  Norman and Tom Stoppard are to be commended for their nimble intermingling  of famous Shakespearian lines and the overall admirable wit of their jovial  and lighthearted screenplay. Thumbs up also go to editing and directing,  both of which were consistently well balanced and effective. If you're  looking for an uplifting flick without the overbearing fluff of most  romantic comedies, then take a step in this direction. You'll be walking a  path of unexpected enlightenment.uplifting flick without the overbearing fluff of most  romantic comedies, then take a step in this direction. You'll be walking a  path of unexpected enlightenment.
B00003Q43A|3.0|The plot is a complete rip-off of the War of the Worlds (even down to a virus saving the day) and steals things from a lot of other sci-fi movies.   The dialog is so corny that it is laughable.  The characters are hoakey  stereotypes.  The plot is so improbable and contrived that the  screenwriters should be embarassed to show their faces.  But..... I've seen  this movie about 10 times and enjoy it each time.  I had the laser disc and  now have the DVD.  For all of it's flaws its a fun movie to watch and the  effects are outstanding.
B00004WKII|5.0|After all these years Jimi Hendrix is still one of the greatest guitar  players to grace the Earth !  This box set, sanctioned byt the Hendrix  estate, is amazing.  New takes (never before released) and previus cuts  come through with amazing clarity and style. Even today more than 30 years  after his passing his music proves that he still lives in the hearts of all  music fans.  The booklet enclosed with the box set details every cut and  has some close intimate photos.  If yo are a Jimi Hendrix fan, if you want  to learn more about Jimi, if you want to hear some amazing songs with blues  then this is for you.  Don't pass it up !
B00004T8RK|2.0|I'm probably going to have one of those 0 out of 345 people found this  review helpful, but something went wrong. I LOVE ten as well as I love Vs.  and Yield, but this is not a strong effort. I gave it two stars because I  believe there are two VERY GOOD songs on it &quot;Nothihg as it seems&quot;  and the best song &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot;. I see many people reviewing  it saying it was so great, but really, if this wasnt PJ they would rank it  very low. I could care less about the whole &quot;grunge is dead&quot; and  &quot;go back music like ten&quot;, the lyrics would have been good if it  were spoken word but w/the music behind it, it doesnt sound right, not to  mention the lack of overall rocking that makes PJ a great band. I LOVED  Tiny Music.. by STP(witch was not rocking either) and some people hated it,  maybe its a aquired taste, but its not for me
B00000JCOV|5.0|Your friends told you it was a good cd, so you went out and bought it.   You have not heard it yet, so you unwrap it and pluck it into your portable  cd player.  You are anxious to find out what sounds will penetrate from  your new purchase, so you push the 'play' button.  You find out that the  fisrt song &quot;742617000027&quot; is quite repetitive, so you skip to the  next track... error, error, error.. WRONG!!! YOU DO NOT SKIP TO THE NEXT  TRACK. Retype.... You find out that the first song &quot;742617000027&quot;  is quite repetitive and this only makes you more anxious to see what will  blast from your cd player as the monotonous voice halts.  Im my opinion,  Slipknot shouldnt be classified as hardcore, rock, rapcore, and whatnot,..  it should just be slipped under the genre of &quot;HARD&quot; which is the  reason I love it so much.  Some of my friends have told me that it gets  tiring after listening to the album several times, and I can see how it  would for some people, but I stick to my opinion of just plain old GOOD.   Sounds that rupture your eardrums and pound on your brain, such as the  Waaa-eeeee-oooooo from 'Surfacing' only contribute to the bands excellent  ability to put a series of songs together in one amazing album.
B00004RFFL|3.0|Imagine, just for a little while, that you are a 20ish blonde  schoolteacher in Florida, married to an extremely handsome astronaut  husband who dotes on you and with whom you enjoy certain very active forms  of recreation on a seemingly regular basis....He has to go up again, and  you really don't want him to --you never do-- but this time you have a sort  of feeling, a doubt. And, just as you worried, something happens and all  commmunication to/from the shuttle --and him--  is cut off for two minutes.  He seems alright upon returning, then begins to do odd things, including  quitting his job and moving to NYC. At a company cocktail party, you both  are drunk, and you ask him once again what it was like, up there then. His  response of, &quot;it was cold....cold....i wanted to be with you....inside  you....&quot; only makes you feel the need for him. You wake up the next  morning, aching and with the certainty that SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED. The  events of the next months only serve to amplify your worries, as your belly  grows larger and your husband grows sinister.<br />Now snap out of imagining.  Had Ravich used the power of suggestion more, fewer special effects, and  more secrecy, this film could have been a tightly woven thriller. As it is,  it has far too many loose ends, and it seems as if Ravich himself may have  been posessed by something-or-other while filming the last third--it goes  off the deep end into cheesy visual overload and is devoid of plot, too  stylized for it's own good and with not nearly enogh substance to carry off  half this style.<br />Other than that, it is not a bad movie, and if you are a  fan of science fiction, Depp, Theron, or space films in general, it is  worth a look.
0671034065|5.0|I LOVED this book!  Ms. Howard, please, please give us more female  characters like the ones in this book!  Jaine was fantastic, and fun, and  so real.  I actually have a very good friend just like her.  And  Sam...well, they don't any better than him.  This book is, to date, my  favorite Linda Howard novel, and I've read them all.  I'm really glad I got  the hardback version - it's a keeper for sure.
B00004SYWZ|2.0|Besides from being a big european hit,\\"Summer Moved On\\" also marked the return of Aha,a very succesfull group of the 80's.Although it's been quitte a long time since they 've last recorded an album,by listening to \\"Minor earth,major sky\\" you somehow get the feeling that nothing really changed in the world of these three Norwegians.Still they can write some decent songs but few of them stay in the memory.\\"Little Black Heart\\" and \\"I won't forget her\\" are alright but if i had to choose which is the best track here i would certaintly pick \\"The sun never shone that day\\",a reminder of their haunting \\"Early Morning\\".The melancholy of the music and the bittersweet voice of Morten make it sound magic!The thing is that overall this album leaves mixed feelings . Take for example \\"The company man\\". It aims to make a statement of some sort but at the end , it sounds more like a self-sarcasm comment than an effort to critisize the whole music business . Let's be fare,this is a decent release with some really good songs but on the other hand i don't think it has what it takes to change anybody's life though .
B00003CXGP|3.0|&quot;American Psycho&quot; is not a great film, but it has enough style and gloss to make you virtually disregard it's array of weaknesses. The  only solid reason why it should be seen is for Christian Bale's performance  as Patrick Bateman. He captures the character's dual personalities; the  plastic-faced ladykiller and the chainsaw wielding maniac, and performs  with enough dynamic charisma to keep you diverted even when the film  misfires, which it does quite often. I was also quite impressed with film's  flamboyant visualization of upper-crust Manhattan during the 80's, watching  those nightclub scenes evoke strong memories of a time when excess and  campiness were in vogue. But even with these assets, &quot;American  Psycho&quot; suffers from a lack of visceral impact (the book, admittedly,  did have that) and a screenplay which can't seem to make up it's mind. Is  it a satire on yuppie materialism or a thriller about a man's increasing  bloodlust? If it was intended to be both, the results were confused,  especially during the final 20 minutes. There are indeed moments of insight  into the connection between then emptiness of society's values and Patrick  Bateman's absence of a soul (some of them funny, others disturbing) but the  film fails to get right inside the character's head. Overall,  &quot;American Psycho&quot; is nothing to brag about, but it will still  keep you interested, and Christian Bale gives a terrific performance as  well.
0805062971|5.0|this book rocks the only problem is the first rule of fight club is that  you don't talk about fight club
B000002J09|5.0|This is an album that soothes as well as destroys, flowing its way from  track to track without a weak moment. All is driven by Page's wonderously  varied guitar riffs, from the classic overdrive feel of &quot;Rock and  Roll&quot; to the wicked slide blues of &quot;When the Levee Breaks.&quot;  This also features a young Plant with his awesome vocal ability intact, and  the rhythm section of Jones and Bonham is solid as ever. Throughout, the  hard rock sound is tempered with lighter tones, adhering to Page's concept  of &quot;light and shade.&quot; Nowhere is this more apparent than on the  majestic &quot;Stairway to Heaven,&quot; but you can hear it everywhere on  this album. Led Zeppelin were first and foremost an &quot;album&quot; band,  and this stands at the top as the finest of their efforts.
B000001DTM|5.0|It's tough for me to say which is a better U2 album, achtung baby or  joshua tree though they are quite different. I got this album back in 93  and it still sound great to this day, so it's great to here an album that  has lasted so long. My tastes have changed quite a bit since then so it  amazing that I like some of the same music from that period of my life.  Highlights of the album include Mysterious Ways, one, zoo station, and  until the end of the world.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Eighties? Yes, Iron Maiden is back with its full 80's splendor with Brave  New World. If you like that era arena rock, you'll be delighted with this  new release. Others might find this a little outdated. Bruce Dickinson is  back after a very successful solo hiatus, as well as Adrian Smith (my  favorite Iron Maiden guitarist I must admit). The maidens play here at full  energy and passion that seems to have subsided in their last few releases  (although these albums were good as well, don't get me wrong). Every song  here is unique and grows on you as you listen to it again and again (and  you will want to listen to it again). My current favorites include The  Wicker Man, Ghost Of The Navigator (reminds me of Rime Of The Ancient  Mariner), Brave New World, The Fallen Angel, The Nomad,... ok ok I just  like them all! 'Nuff said, rock on!!
B0000009OU|5.0|Though Costello's debut gave the first peak at his lyrical and singing  voices, it was &quot;This Year's Model&quot; that really found the punchy  electric presentation that brought it home.  The key difference is the  Attractions.<br />&quot;This Years Model&quot; packs as much punch as  anything that came out in the so-called New Wave.  Costello's biting lyrics  and stinging vocals and guitars are perfectly matched by the Attractions.  From the very opening of the first track, &quot;No Action&quot;, Costello's  quiet intro line is kicked into drive from the very first beats of Pete  Thomas' drums, and stepped into overdrive when Steve Nieve's and Bruce  Thomas add their keyboards and bass.  It was as though Costello's songs had  just been waiting for this treatment.  Nick Lowe exacts the punchiest  possible sound out of the band, as they string together gem after  gem.<br />Costello and crew may have extended or refined the sound on  subsequent albums, but the sheer brashness of their invention shines  through every track of &quot;This Years Model&quot; in a way they would  never be improved by repetition.<br />&quot;This Years Model&quot; (which has  the original British running order) features 6 bonus tracks, including the  singles &quot;Radio, Radio&quot; and &quot;Big Tears&quot;, the soundtrack  cut &quot;Crawling to the USA&quot;, early versions of Armed Force's  &quot;Greenshirt&quot; and &quot;Big Boys&quot;.  Well worth the upgrade  for those who have the original vinyl or non-bonus track versions of the  CD.
B00004TRD8|5.0|In one word FANTASTIC, don't think, just buy it. Sound 6 stars, picture 5  stars.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dr. Dre's recent album, &quot;The Chronic 2001&quot; is a pretty good  album. The best song, I would have to say, since I am a HUGE fan of Eminem  would probably be &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot; because Eminem is featured  in the song. He is also featured in the song &quot;What's The  Difference&quot;, which is also a pretty cool song. Don't get me wrong,  though, I also think Dr. Dre is a terrific rapper. I would also like to  thank him for discovering Eminem. That alone shows Dre has good taste.  Other cool songs are &quot;The Next Episode&quot; which features Snoop  Dogg, another rapper I like. Although I do enjoy more songs on Eminem's  album &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;(Be sure to check that out, by the  way), Dr. Dre has done a fine job on this album so I think it is  deffinitely worth the buy.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is fantastic.  It is an album that can be played anywhere, at  anytime, and attract all the attention.  But, to enjoy this album, you must  be open minded.  When I first bought it, I hated it.  It was slow, dark,  and boring.  If I knew then what I know now.... You have to learn to  appreciate this album, and if you do, it will open up a whole new plane of  listening to you, a whole new &amp; different horizon for musical  enjoyment.  Or, in other words, it's trippy.<br />Get it
B000023VR6|4.0|Dr. Dre's recent album, &quot;The Chronic 2001&quot; is a pretty good  album. The best song, I would have to say, since I am a HUGE fan of Eminem  would probably be &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot; because Eminem is featured  in the song. He is also featured in the song &quot;What's The  Difference&quot;, which is also a pretty cool song. Don't get me wrong,  though, I also think Dr. Dre is a terrific rapper. I would also like to  thank him for discovering Eminem. That alone shows Dre has good taste.  Other cool songs are &quot;The Next Episode&quot; which features Snoop  Dogg, another rapper I like. Although I do enjoy more songs on Eminem's  album &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot;(Be sure to check that out, by the  way), Dr. Dre has done a fine job on this album so I think it is  deffinitely worth the buy.
B000003AEB|5.0|Doggy Style was the first solo outing by Snoop Doggy Dog. Incorporating a straight gangsta vibe into the deep funk grooves pioneered by George Clinton and his Parliament-Funkadelic ensemble. Snoop's lazy-yet-acrobatic rap/drawl is distinctive and undeniably entertaining. With additional vocals from Tha Dogg Pound this disc is deceptively professional and musically quite slick.
0393316041|5.0|I enjoyed this book immensely.  Now I wish I had studied physics!
B00000INEX|3.0|While our 16 month old enjoys this video as much as Baby Mozart and has done so for the past four months it definitely has deficiencies.  My  principal objection is to the static shots of various musical instruments  accompanied by snatches of music that could not have possibly issued from  those pictured. To my mind it would have been more interesting to show  individuals playing those instruments.  There is a certain lifelessness to  the video as a whole increased by an echo chamber quality in some of the  music and voices.  Still, there just aren't that many videos out there for  kids that can't yet talk so I don't want to be overly critical. As far as  the frequent footage of producer's daughters...well it certainly provides  us parents with a warning that what we may find simply adorable in our  children just might be grating to others.  From now on I vow to limit the  number of baby photos I carry and the footage of home movies I show should  I ever purchase a camcorder.
B00004W55E|5.0|This woman can sing, you dig? She is the best female R&amp;B singer that I  have heard in a while. I like the way she blends just a tad of new school  in with the old school. this kind of reminds me of the soulfulness of Chaka  Khan and the vocal range of Minnie Riperton. And the music is slammin! This  is the total package of what good R&amp;B is all about. Just when I was  getting off into the likes of Jill Scott and N Dambi, here comes Rachelle  Ferrell. I went out on a a limb when I puchased this CD because I had never  heard of this artist before. I definately was not dissappointed. This cd is  smooth, jazzy, sexy and most of all soulful, all wrapped up in one neat  package. So if you haven't got this cd yet ...go and pick it up for your  music collection, you won't be sorry. Peace!
B00004SU5J|5.0|Finally it has arrived here in the states!  I was lucky enough to grab  this cd while in London over the summer and it is easy to realize what all  the fuss is about.  Tourist is in one word a &quot;masterpiece&quot;.  This  cd will entertain anyone with its smooth grooves and funky lounge jive.  It  is impossible to not find yourself moving to the music.   Track after track  it is a non-stop relaxing journey that will pleasure your senses, move your  body and leave you wanting more...more...more.  And hopefully it won't be  another five years before they release another full-length disc. (Although  this has been well worth the wait!)  Don't miss out what is likely to be an  &quot;album of the year&quot;.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Proof that the uk consistently produces the best music in the world ( pink  floyd , led zepellin , radiohead (as well as the best dance culture  music)), simply devastating , but then again what else would u expect?
0790731231|5.0|This movie is my favorite movie of all time. The cast is fantastic. Robert  DeNiro is my favorite actor which is what brought me to this film. This  movie takes you away and makes you feel like your part of the crew. The  soundtrack fits the film well but is a bit heavy on the Stones for my  taste.
0380789019|5.0|Neverwhere is a kind of fun and fantastic adventure through a London we've  never seen.  It's the London Below, where those who've slipped through the  cracks end up, and one man's (he from the &quot;normal&quot; world) journey  as he winds up in this world.  And despite all the enjoyment with the  characters and the wonderful story that takes us everywhere, it's Gaiman's  own enjoyment which comes through the pages.     One impression I get as a  read this book was Neil Gaiman every now and again sitting back while at  his computer and laughing at some small element of story or wording or  character that came out and how fun it was.  Example - while walking  through some rather thick London fog, the main character coughs, and says,  &quot;Sorry, fog in my throat.&quot;  Short, funny, and fun.  A nice pun  that I think had Gaiman laugh for a moment.  I think he had a blast writing  this book.      And those who want to write will love this book.  It's  inspirational in that it reintroduces you to having fun with the craft of  storytelling.  Fun with your characters as they surprise you, fun with your  setting as you see where it takes you, and fun with your story as you see  what happens next.  Reading this instantly made me want to run off and  write my own stories, merely for the sheer fun of it.  Merely to have as  much fun as Neil Gaiman seemed to have had with this.
B000006O7C|5.0|I got into Jeff's work too late. Everybody here wants you is my favorite  song of his and one of the best songs I've ever heard in my entire life.  The rest of the cd is just a glimpse of what was inside his head but that  song is so strong that I give the album 5 stars.
0440180295|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  It was my first Vonnegut, so I wasn't really sure what to expect.  Perhaps there was more to it, but I just took the  book for its face value, without over analyzing every grey little detail.   To me, it was just like watching an episode of Seinfeld.  It was short (ie  sitcom in length), had a main character who conjured images of Kramer, and  made liberal use of a catch phrase.  So it went.
B00004U9MS|4.0|My dear friend Catherine in France introduced me to this band, and I have  been listening to the CD on my walk to and from university every morning...  a great, solid album. Nothing groundbreaking, as it does have a lot of  potential for comparison... I dont hear the Radiohead influence as much as  I hear Radiohead and a lot of similarity to Catherine Wheel. Nevertheless,  I see a lot of distinct possibilities here, and this group could become  much more unique than they initially appear.
B00004WKII|5.0|If you are a Hendrix fan, you will not be disappointed with your  investment in this box set. The alternate versions, live cuts and  previously unreleased songs allow the listener to get &quot;into the  mind&quot; of Hendrix. Hear how Jimi shaped his music in the studio and on  stage, listen to his ideas and innovations from the studio that never made  it to record. The live cuts are very clear recordings and show the  Experience having fun on the road. It is my prediction that this 4-CD set  will play a major part in shaping the future of rock and blues music. All  in all a &quot;must have&quot; for the true Hendrix fan.
0375703764|5.0|Consider the fact that the dude was blind. Could it possibly be a story  about being blind and how it can almost drive you insane.  The house is  more than obviously the blind dude's head and the inside being bigger than  the outside refers to his knowledge and even his fears and his nightmares.  And the things he hears and visions he has, are the regular everyday things  around him, and what he percieves them to be as he grows insane from the  lonlyness of being blind. So as you, gentle reader, read the other reviews  carefully think to yourself, could this be the true meaning of this  thriller. Nine times out of ten the simplist explination is the correct  one.
B000002KET|3.0|Black Sabbath was a provocative group.  Hard to tell for certain, but I  would say that Ozzy was more shocking in his day than any who have followed  his gruesome footsteps.  He was one of the pioneers who understood rock 'n  roll as theatre, in an age when others were caught up in music as panacea  to change the world.  I am impressed with Ozzy Osbourne for manifesting his  concept so clearly.  The beauty of Black Sabbath is their simplicity.  At  the core of their songs is a repetitive, driving beat.  Ozzy does not sing  as much as he screams.  There is no progress in their chords, and if any of  their songs have a modulation, I haven't heard it in their early albums.   That is what Black Sabbath is.  Unadorned and unashamed.  Dress it up with  synthesisers (WHO ARE YOU?), strings (SPIRAL ARCHITECT) or accoustic  interludes (FLUFF) all you want, Sabbath will always go back to its calling  to reveal it's strongest material (SABBATH, BLOODY SABBATH; KILLING  YOURSELF TO LIVE; SABBRA CADABRA; A NATIONAL ACROBAT). Within the first 15  seconds of this CD, you know what you are going to get -- one of the  heaviest, rock bands this planet has ever heard.  Saying this Sabbath album  is heavier than that Sabbath album is a distinction that is lost on all but  the most ardent of fans.  All of Sabbath is heavy.  This is what loyal Sab  fans enjoy about the group, and is also what detracters dislike.  Sabbath  has no apologies; it is what it is.  It's as much fun to play as it is to  listen to.  How you react to Black Sabbath and SBS indicates more about you  as a listener than it does about the musicians.  It's that simple.  If you  are interested in heavy metal of the early seventies, or in music that is  straight forward rock, this CD will be interesting to you.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Enema of the State by Blink-182 is easily the best punk rock record you  can buy. It has tight toons, awesome lyrics, and the great vocals of Tom  DeLonge and Mark Hoppus. This album definitley beats Dude Ranch. Among the  CD my favorite tracks are 5,6,7,8,9,10,12, and 3. Buy this CD! It's the  best ever.
6305180261|5.0|It's been 7 years since I've seen videos like Estranged, Don't Cry... It's  pretty logical that the best group had the best videos. Please, all Guns n'  Roses fans, who don't already own  this video; go out and get it. It is as  simple as that: if you LOVE the music, you will LOVE the videos. All GN'R  fans write to  me at dajci@mailcity.com                     Enjoy
B000002GJ7|4.0|This album is definitely worth checking out if you like your rock music  with a metal-funk twist.  There are a few ballads on this album (i.e. the  well-known &quot;More than Words&quot;, and &quot;Hole Hearted&quot;), but  the main focus remains on up-tempo numbers with unique twists.  Nuno  Bettencourt is as technically sound a guitartist as there is, and Gary  Cherone provides suprising vocal range.  In my opinion, the gem of this  album is &quot;Get the Funk Out&quot;.  <br />The only downside to this album  is that some of the riffs and tempos tend to get a bit monotonous.   Therefore, I would rank this album slightly behind it's sequel, &quot;3  Sides to Every Story&quot;, only because &quot;3 Sides&quot; seemed to have  a bit more creativity.
B000002HPV|5.0|One of the most creative and original work of art I've ever had the  pleasure of listening. It's too bad L.A. radio doesn't have the balls to  play REAL music, like Hunter, Joga, Unravel, All is full of love, all songs  on this CD. Each and every song is just dripping full of creative  originality. A true masterpiece.
B00003CWTI|4.0|I found this movie to be both disturbing and captivating at the same time.  The only other movie I can remember that left me with such a  &quot;thick&quot; feeling was &quot;The Deer Hunter.&quot; Like that film  from the 1970's, this cinematic effort breaks new ground with its  disjointed, short story approach to moviemaking. Once the various tales  start to merge, everything becomes clear. Well, sort of. I found it to be  mesmerizing. The performance rendered by Tom Cruise alone makes the film  worth the price.
B000001Y5J|5.0|nine inch nails' Broken, definitely a must for any NIN fan
B00003CWTI|5.0|You know what? I'm sick and TIRED of people who write reviews for movies  who call people stupid if they disagree with them. One of the people who  wrote a review for this movie said everyone who gave it 5 stars  &quot;didn't get it.&quot; I got it. I'm only 14, but I thought this movie  was EXCELLENT. I thought it was cool how all of their lives eventually come  together in the end. When you look at all of the characters... A cocaine  addict, a game show host, a former quiz whiz kid, a current quiz whiz kid,  a man who is dying of cancer, his wife who is going crazy, his male nurse,  the chauvinistic motivation speaker, a cop, and others... you think:  &quot;How are all these people going to come together?&quot; I admit, the  profanity was really extreme... but otherwise... this movie is a  masterpiece!<br />&quot;Things Fall Down. People Look Up. And When it Rains,  it Pours.&quot;
0812046625|4.0|This book is usefull for learning russian verbs. I recommend it, inspite  of some things missing like other people wrote.
B000023VR9|5.0|This is an awesome rap CD! Anyone who likes any of the singles  (&quot;Still D.R.E.&quot;, &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot; and &quot;The Next  Episode&quot;) will ike the whole album. If you get the edited  version...it's censored good...if your into that...but if not get the  explicit version..I got both of them
0446525537|5.0|A wonderful book, a page turner. Has you laughing and craying all within three chapters. Mr. Sparks is a writer who knows how to touch the emotions  dear to our heart. Deffinatly a book I would recomend to anyone who was  young and in love.
B0000047EC|5.0|Once again, Pat Metheny proves himself to be the consummate  musician/poet-warrior.  I have always found it difficult to categorize his  creations (along with Lyle, of course) or, for that matter, to describe the  genius and artistic gift that he possesses.  My best attempt is to say that  he has an amazing capacity to develop wondrous musical landscapes which the  listener uses to better understand the human condition.  His passion runs  throughout every piece he plays and his versatility is just icing on the  cake.  He is my musical idol and has been for 25 years!  Start out with  &quot;New Chataqua&quot; as a &quot;primer&quot; and then take a ride with  &quot;Secret Story&quot;, &quot;First Circle&quot; and &quot;The Missouri  Sky&quot;.  He shouldn't be missed!
B00002MZ4V|5.0|Throughtout the decades John Williams has taken us on many journeys,from a  Galaxy far,far away,to the cold waters of the great deep,to a close  encounter with beings beyond imagination.So Let it take you back in time as  John Williams scores shine throught with syhmphonic grandness and passion,  that has touched so many throughout the years,and may the force be with  you.
0679746048|5.0|This is a must read if you've ever been hospitalized for depression or  other psychological diseases.  I read it soon after I had gotten home from  the hospital and it took away some of the loneliness that I had been  having.  Some parts are slow, but don't give up because it will truly  enrich your life and outlook on other people with diseases similar to  Susanna Kaysen's. Oh yeah, the movie is good too!
B000001DVD|4.0|This album shows some progression from ON THROUGH THE NIGHT and a raw edge that was lacking on PYROMANIA and later releases.  The songs are  well-written but not too accessible, the guitars are cranked, and the  production is solid but not too sterile.  It reminds me a little bit of  AC/DC in feel, but it's more exciting and dynamic.  &quot;Let It Go&quot;  and &quot;Lady Strange&quot;, among others, are classic Leppard songs, a  far cry from their present pop sound.  I'm a diehard metal fan, and this is  one of the few hard rock albums I listen to, so that should tell you this  one's devoid of the trite, sappy love songs they've been writing since 1987  or so.  Anyway, if you haven't heard old Def Leppard and are thinking about  giving this a try, I highly recommend it.  You'll be surprised at what you  hear.
B0000029GA|5.0|The first time I ever heard of Nas was when &quot;It was written&quot;  came out in 1996. I thought he was average m.c.Then I heard him in  &quot;The firm&quot; album I thought that he soldout with that mafia B.S. 2  years later I purchase &quot;I AM&quot; after hearing &quot;Hate me  now&quot;. The intro of that album played snippet from &quot;Illmatic&quot;  I never knew nas had a album B-4 &quot;it was written&quot; The intro 2  &quot;I am&quot; became my fav. track. A week later I brought  &quot;Illmatic&quot; and I was shock 2 hear how nice &quot;Nasty Nas&quot;  was. Nas display skills that very few m.c.'s will ever have in song like  &quot;The world is yours&quot;, &quot;Halftime&quot;, &quot;One love&quot;,  &quot;Represent&quot; and my favorite &quot;It ain't hard to tell&quot;.  Nas can say all he want that he mature and he older now but true hip hop  heads know that nas's soldout. He could have been the next Rakim but he  rather go for the platinum then the respect from true hip hop heads.This is  a album that all rap fans should have in their colletion.Nas if u reading  this please leave trackmaster production and return 2 Pete Rock, Dj  Premier, &amp; The Large Professor. We need more hip hop like this cause  there just 2 much cash money garbage now in hip hop.
B000002UWF|5.0|You'll marvel at the musicianship, spirit, and sheer energy in Louis  Prima's Capitol recordings. Prima was a showman and his repertoire ranged  from standards (&quot;I've Got the World on a String,&quot; &quot;Pennies  from Heaven&quot;) to novelties (&quot;The Sheik of Araby,&quot;  &quot;Banana Split for My Baby&quot;) to traditional Italian favorites  (&quot;Buona Sera,&quot; &quot;Zooma Zooma&quot;). This collection gives  you a front-row seat at Prima's Las Vegas nightclub shows (most of these  are studio recordings, but they sound so spontaneous you'd think they were  live performances). Louis and the boys may come on too strong for some  tastes; the opener is a hard-driving medley of &quot;Just a Gigolo&quot;  and &quot;I Ain't Got Nobody,&quot; with a hard-working drummer and some  amusing interplay with the band members. If you like this cut, you'll like  the album. There is also a nice reminder that Louis was a fine trumpet  soloist, as he leads a rhythm section on his composition &quot;Sing. Sing.  Sing.&quot; Keely Smith's disciplined vocals and Sam Butera's wailing  saxophone are star attractions, too (the incorrigible Prima tries to break  them up on occasion!). Prima's obviously having fun, and so will you. The  sound quality is excellent.
B00003CX9W|5.0|There are movies that you watch to be entertained... there are movies that you watch for the action, story, and characters.  This is a movie that is  to be appreciated... It's the animated equivelant of going to an art  museum.<br />Fantasia, first realized in 1940, is several beautiful vignettes  set to music, with no dialogue.  Some times it is funny, often it is  amazingly drawn.  This movie is meant for those who enjoy art for art's  sake.  While there are some sections with a plot to them, Fantasia is more  of a &quot;music video&quot; for classical music than a feature film.  <br />I  highly recommend this DVD.  It is a timeless classic that should not be  missed.
6303187064|5.0|This is a great 'dark and hip' movie. The soundtrack is also excellent,  with dark,harsh undertones of the feel of the movie.
B000000WF0|5.0|a fully realized dream, epic and grandiose, heart wrenching and uplifting.  bittersweet indeed. each listening reveals new depths of sonic and vocal  alchemy. the richness of songs such as sonnet, weeping willow, luckyman,  and velvet morning is astounding. an album to live to much in the same way  radioheads the bends is, only wiser.
0780626966|5.0|I'm not a big fan of New Line's DVD's. Don't get my wrong, they make  documentaries and a lot of extras. I hate they quit the spanish subtitles.  After I bought Blade (and see that it did not have even a track or  subtitles in spanish) , I promise myself I will not buy any more New Line's  and better will go to Columbia's, MGM and Fox Disc. I do very well, until  this set comes. This was an horror icon of the 80's I can't miss it!!.  About the set, it's incredible, two of the movies comes with a commentary  (The first and the last), Freddy's Dead comes in 3-D and 2-D, (you can  choose at the begining). The remastered audio is the best i heard, just  hear the trailer for Freddy's Dead. It's plenty of extras, music videos.  the documentary items are well done, there are a lot of people and  situations (just look the set for the eating bed at nightmare 1). A must  buy for two reasons: Being all the freddy's movies in widescreen with  outstanding video and audio, and a massive collection of extras at this  time.
0679441018|2.0|Ever since I first read INTERVIEW WITH THE VAMPIRE, I have had a  particular fondness for Anne Rice.  Her subsequent novels have never fully  realized the same literary levels as INTERVIEW, but I have enjoyed them  all.  With the exception of MEMNOCH.<br />Don't get me wrong, I'm not a  religuous fanatic.  My criticism is not based on an alternate view of  religious beliefs (in fact, I greatly enjoy anyone with the nerve to  question established dogma).  I am also not offended by any of the  liberties Rice takes with the usual, less sympathetic depiction of the  Devil.<br />What offends me is that this is NOT a vampire novel.<br />Rice's  conceit is to take Lestat, the vampire hero of several previous novels, and  place him in direct contact with evil incarnate.  Now, this is a hell of an  idea.<br />But MEMNOCH only uses this theme as a device to explore the Devil's  soul.  This is also an admirable idea.  But the two ideas never mesh.  While I found the novel somewhat entertaining, I also found it  incomplete.<br />I believe Rice intended a different book.  I believe she  attempted to write a book solely about the Devil.  And then, when it was  apparent that she didn't have enough imagination to sustain the theme, she  grafted Lestat onto the plot, and rushed the novel to market before anyone  realized.  Either that, or her agent insisted on an appearance by Lestat so  that her fans would buy it on that premise.<br />The Devil is a fascinating  character.  Much literature has been conceived around the notion of a  sympathetic demon.  But Rice doesn't pull it off.  Lestat is too much of a  whiner to compete with Satan.  The Devil is too strong a character to be  made a secondary member of a VAMPIRE novel.  Read Clive Barker's A HISTORY  OF THE DEVIL instead.  It's a wonderful play, and it gives the Devil his  due.
0385484518|5.0|Due to a very hectic schedule, I do not have time to read anymore,  however, I read Tuesdays with Morrie in a few hours.  I promise you that it  is the best book I have ever read.  I learned more from that book than I  have in the last 10 years of life experience.  If you read nothing else,  take time to read this book.  AND apply some of the thoughts in this book  to your life - you will see it change - guaranteed.
0380788624|2.0|Compared to his other books Cryptonomicon is a waste of time.  Unless you  are a die hard Stephenson fan who must read everything he writes then don't  bother.  If you must read it then don't feel guilty over occaisonally  skipping 20-30 pages at a time, you won't miss much.
B000000WA4|4.0|This is a brilliant album. Diverse, orginal, epic and very, very large. Its true there is something for everyone. You want metal? Try Zero. You wan't nice ballad? Try the string driven &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;. There is some beautiful work on here that more than warrants your purchase but be warned, it's not the awnswer to-the-universe/Holy Grail that some of the reviwers here suggest. In fact, its far from perfect. Being such a large album, it tends too loose its focus. While great tracks &quot;Zero&quot; and &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; jump out and grab you, tracks like &quot;Tales of a Scorched earth&quot; or &quot;We only come out at night&quot; just seem to go in one ear and out the other. They don't seem to register.<br />In my opnion this album would have been a lot better and more acclaimed if they scraped some of the less strong songs kept the good ones to keep the focus strong.
B00004W55E|5.0|In tune with nature. I'm happiest that she's not a sell out artist.  Rachelle you've got the autonomy you held out for, and its greatly  appreciated by your &quot;family&quot; club.<br /><br />This album displays those  gifts she brings to us from within, on every first (not second) of every  song. I'll buy another one and keep it under lock and key as it is a  treasure.<br /><br />Thank you Rachelle; you are a goddess and it shows!
0893815187|4.0|Sally Mann is so talented!  I love these photographs.  She has captured the reality of life with creativity and love. Love for art,love for her  children, and love for life. <br />After looking through the book, I found  that I felt that I KNEW the three children pictured.  I wondered where they  are now, 10+ years later.  <br />An Amazing piece of Art and American Culture
B00004U5SC|5.0|All credit to Paramount for doing an outstanding job of restoring a great  older film without any commercial incentive to do so. This film (which won  the Academy Award for Color Cinematography) has been returned to virtually  pristine condition by the studio as a result of a painstaking restoration.  The beauty of the photography along with the fine story and acting  performances will blow you away. Please support these studio efforts by  purchasing this DVD. Incidentally, contrary to what has been written here,  Shane was originally meant to be presented in the 4:3 ratio of most TVs.  Any widescreen versions cut off the top and bottom of the original image.
0375707972|4.0|I feel like The Reader gave a pretty good insight on what it is like to be  in Hanna's position.  But it also gave just as good an insight into being  the victim at a concentration camp.  What happened in Auschwitz and the  other surrounding camps is quite disturbing.  My thanks go out to Bernhard  Schlink, because as long as people write and talk about what happened in  the concentration camps, we won't forget.  To be truthful, we can never let  ourselves forget.  If we can remember, maybe we can stop this from ever  happening again.<br />The Reader had some twists and turns that I hadn't  anticipated until I read them.  I felt for Michael Berg, but also felt for  Hanna Schmitz too.  I realized Hanna was illiterate when she first asked  Michael to read to her.  She was to embarrassed to admit her problem and  felt trapped when Michael started asking questions about her life.  I  believe she struck out at Michael in order to keep him at a safe distance.   Hanna's greatest fear was being found out.  Being a guard, Hanna had to  protect herself by doing her duty, or take a chance on loosing her life.   In her eyes there was no option.  When her trial finally starts and things  are looking grim she still can't face her problem.  Which ends up getting  her convicted of murder.  She does her time and on the eve of her release  she commits suicide.  I think inside the prison she felt somewhat protected  and understood.  But things would be much different on the outside, now  that her secret is out.  Maybe she felt she couldn't start over again<br />I  also in turn felt sorry for Michael.  I believe he would of done anything  for Hanna, but he was still having a tough time trying to figure her out.   Her mood swings were so drastic and physical, Michael felt he was the  cause.  But he wasn't.  Hanna hadn't yet learned to deal with her problems.   Then one she just up and leaves.  Michael dealt with her leaving the best  way he knew how.  He kept the feelings he felt for Hanna fresh in his mind,  in turn he didn't have to deal with the loss.  As time goes by he finds  ways to deal with his loss and the guilt.
B00003JRCQ|2.0|This is the only Jane Austen adaptation that I have seen which fails.  The  characters never engage one's interest, and the influence of Anne's friend  is underplayed so much as to leave the viewer wondering why Austen titled  her book &quot;Persuasion&quot;.  Primarily missing is the tension  between characters and subtle interplay that make Austen's novels such  page-turners.  Austen is a master at showing the social complexity and  background of the early 1800s which this movie mainly misses.
0440234743|5.0|All of John Grisham's books have been bestsellers. This novel is a most  definite page turner. I like the ways he describes how the Brazilians live.  John Grisham definitly wrote this book with an intriging plot that will get  and hold your attention. In this book there are many twists and turns and  everything else that could possibly happen. This book is very fast paced.  Over all this book kept my intrest. Don't be fooled by the title you don't  know what it means until the end....
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree was the begining of my love affair with U2. I was a  teenager when this LP was release and right away I could relate with the  lyrics and the passionate music. When the streets have no name made me feel  the the four walls that surrounded me at that time and how much I wanted to  get out and explore the world. Little did I know when I got older that I  would go back to that song to seek refugee. This whole album with it's  songs about America and what liberty stands in views of oppression and  justification and redemption enlighten the heart and opens the mind to all  the possiblities we could achieve when we put our mind into it. Oh what an  achievement!
0688170528|5.0|That I Have read since Pilot's Wife.  This book is so well written!!!  It  will lead you and others into countless conversations about life.  A MUST  READ!!!
B000009DUY|5.0|I have enjoyed John Willams soundtrack work going all the way back to the  Star Wars days. But not since his Shindler's List work have I been so  moved. I just recently returned from a trip to Europe, and while I was  there I visited the same cemetery that is seen in the opening of the movie.  While I walked among the thousands of markers there, Williams's &quot;Hymn  To The Fallen&quot; kept playing in my mind. The music alone is enough to  make you cry, and being there at Omaha beach was almost too much. This  movie and soundtrack are a fitting tribute to all the men and women who  have served and died for our country.
6302968143|5.0|A teenager (Omri Katz who plays MAX) tries to impress a possible love  interest and lights the famed black-flame candle. With their curse brokend,  Bette Midler ( Winifred Sanderson ),  Sarah Jessica Parker ( Sarah  Sanderson ) and Kathy Najimy ( Mary Sanderson ) are released into the  future and led this Halloween active story. All they need to remain alive  forever is a little girl  (Thora Birch DANI) - - on toast! Great fun,  laughs and with Bette Midler--sensational song. Though this is not  a  muscial per se. This is Halloween fun elevated to instant classic.  &quot;Wiggle your toes and open your eyes - -&quot;
B000009DUY|5.0|I have enjoyed John Willams soundtrack work going all the way back to the  Star Wars days. But not since his Shindler's List work have I been so  moved. I just recently returned from a trip to Europe, and while I was  there I visited the same cemetery that is seen in the opening of the movie.  While I walked among the thousands of markers there, Williams's &quot;Hymn  To The Fallen&quot; kept playing in my mind. The music alone is enough to  make you cry, and being there at Omaha beach was almost too much. This  movie and soundtrack are a fitting tribute to all the men and women who  have served and died for our country.
B00004VVNC|5.0|Three Ludlow brothers compete to be the best and maybe to win approval from their hard father, Colonel William Ludlow (Sir Anthony Hopkins). But  one brother takes on more of a shine, Tristan Ludlow ( Brad Pitt). Being  his own man with his own code, he ascents in a rustic manor to be the one  who is first in line.  But, fate fights the order. Along comes war and a  wonderful love interest, ( Julia Ormond ) Susannah Fingannon who hopes to  marry a third brother. An unexpected tragedy wrings wonderful story twists.   Early American families and morays. Good stuff! Also stars: Aidan Quinn.
B00004U8H4|5.0|This satiric commentary on Men and the 80s brings to life a deep roar of  laughter behind a mask of disgust.  A MUST SEE!!
6303109950|4.0|Is there anything I can say that's new? No there isn't. For a Hollywood  style western this one does a pretty good job getting most of the facts  right. Yes it portrays the Earps as being heroic and the Clantons and all  their goons as being rotten. Historians tell us that wasn't how it was  looked at by the locals. That's probably true, but by god this movie keeps  your attention. It also makes an effort to show that folks in the West were  really no different then we are today. They followed trends, they had big  dreams, they drank to much. In other words they were human. I like this  movie. It's a great action movie and for the old west buff it's full of  great looking costumes and firearms. Kilmer is great, but so are all the  other leads. I don't know how many times I've seen this movie and I never  grow tired of it. Unlike Costner's more historically accurate and very glum  movie Wyatt Earp. Now that movie is just too heavy with no zip.
1570429596|4.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad is an excellent book, full of courage and audacity.  If  you take nothing more from this book than a positive, winning attitude then  it is well worth the price. Too bad he doesn't give us a real system we can  all use to get rich.<br />I would recommend another book which does offer us a  system for &quot;Getting everything we want in life.&quot;  It is a book by  Thomas Pauley and Penelope Pauley entitled &quot;I'm Rich Beyond My Wildest  Dreams. I am. I am. I am.&quot;
B00004TL21|5.0|Since I purchased White Pony several weeks ago I have been able to stop  listening to it.  The Deftones have a style unlike anyone else in music  today.  White Pony is truely a great album for the first track to the last.   There are so many emotional ups and down to keep your interest for a  while.  The stand out tracks are &quot;Digital Bath&quot;, &quot;Rx  Queen&quot;, &quot;Knife Prty&quot;, and &quot;Change (In the House of  Flies)&quot;.  The last song is also a very interesing track, containg a  lot of cool emotional peeks and valleys.  You will not be disappioted by  this CD.
0446605409|5.0|Loved it. Character of John Corey is great, he's heroic, passionate and  hilarious. I lend this book out to friends and they instanly become DeMille  fans.
0897500482|4.0|If you are a Bruce Lee fan, interested in Martial Arts, A Jeet Kune Do  student or be that a student of any Martial Art then this book is essential  to you. This represents the inner workings and theories of Bruce Lee as he  was developing Jeet Kune Do. Sure you can not learn an art form from a book  but a book can inspire a prospective student, help guide a beginner and add  to the knowledge of someone more experienced. If you are a serious student  then read this book. It covers all areas of Bruce's personal training  including warm-up techniques and fitness training.The journey then  continues onto notes about combat strategies (tools, preparations, mobility  and attacks). As I have previously said buy this book! If you like Martial  Arts, Bruce Lee or just serious training then buy this Book!
0451163540|4.0|A great book. I think even a little better than Eye of the Needle but that  may because the movie version of 'Eye' was really bad. <br />I enjoyed this  book and I thought the action was great. One of my all time favourites.
B0000026T4|5.0|I know it might sound crazy, but I really feel that this is ALICE COOPER'S  best work. I love Alice, and all of his work, but this album is so  entertaningly cheesy and experimental that it just bowled me over when I  finally got it a couple of months ago. The idea of production by Desmond  Child (Bon Jovi), made me wary of what he'd make Alice sound like, but what  he's managed to do is add the same hooky sing-along sensability that he did  for Bon Jovi and Aerosmith. I know that might sound a little wrong for  Alice Cooper, but give this album a chance. The big hit,  &quot;Poison&quot;, is a great, campy rocker, and virtually the entire  album is wall-to-wall hooks galore. This album basically reflects Alice  Cooper moving to a style somewhere between Motley Crue and Bon Jovi. The  songs: &quot;Bed of Nails&quot;, &quot;Only my Heart Talking&quot;,  &quot;Hell is living without you&quot; (a song co-written and backed by Bon  Jovi), and &quot;House of Fire&quot; are all amazingly catchy, goofy songs.       This album is pure trash (like the title), but trash that is supremely  fun and entertaining. As great as all his early stuff is, this is the kind  of album that, wall-to-wall, features songs that you will not be able to  get out of your head after you listen to them. Trust me. This one may be  more for 80's rock fans than ALICE COOPER purists, but anyone with an open  mind will find a astoundingly catchy and fun album if they're willing to  listen to it.
0449227421|2.0|This was highly recommended to me. I didn't like it. Different than  Follett's other works but I found that I didn't care about the characters  fate and I also found it a bit confusing at times.
0486266885|3.0|Just a couple of days ago I read The Strange Case and it changed the way I  look at books. It was a pretty good book and I liked it for the most part.  The suspense in the story is wonderful and I especially liked the part when  Utterson and Poole were trying to solve the case. I also liked the part  when Utterson found the letters that solved the case.     But their are  also downfalls to the story, first of all the story is to long, you could  have wrote this story on 5 pages. This story was really bad at getting down  to the point.  It seemed like for the first 25 pages the story was really  dull and your thinking to yourself when is this story going to get to the  point. Another bad thing about this story is that it makes you angry  because their are so many bad things happening in this world today where  ever you look. The major place where you see bad things is on the news, you  never seem to hear about the good things in life any more. I thought that  this story was okay; even though everyone should read it sometime in their  life.
0061007137|3.0|AMOH is very similar to Ludlum. Filled with espionage and action.  Enjoyable for an adult but I kept thinking if I was in my teens I would  have thought this the best book ever. I think this is because the  characters are young (and innocent).
B000002LQR|5.0|This, in my opinion, is the best album the peppers have ever made. You  just can't get enough of it!!! It's the best from the best - Kiedis gives  all vocalists a lesson in how to sing,  Mr. Balzary shows how to play bass  - funk-rock-Flea-free-style, Frusciante reminds what guitar is all about,  and Chad Smith makes everyone wonder if there is any better power-house  then him!!! Indeed, it's a long CD (74 mins.), but after listening to it  all, you just want more &amp; more. It's funk, rock, and quiet ballads,  mixed together perfectly. From the emotional 'Breaking the girl', 'I could  have lied' and, of course - 'Under the bridge', to the explosive 'Give it  away', 'Funky monks', 'Mellowship...', it's just the best album of the  90's, with the Peppers finally proving to the world how magnificiant they  truely are!!!
0553260111|4.0|I had to concentrate on 'Identity' but the action was great and the  story-line of a man with amnesia being hunted is a clever one. Can't wait  to see the movie that they're making with Matt Damon. I never saw the older  movie.
B000002LQR|5.0|This, in my opinion, is the best album the peppers have ever made. You  just can't get enough of it!!! It's the best from the best - Kiedis gives  all vocalists a lesson in how to sing,  Mr. Balzary shows how to play bass  - funk-rock-Flea-free-style, Frusciante reminds what guitar is all about,  and Chad Smith makes everyone wonder if there is any better power-house  then him!!! Indeed, it's a long CD (74 mins.), but after listening to it  all, you just want more &amp; more. It's funk, rock, and quiet ballads,  mixed together perfectly. From the emotional 'Breaking the girl', 'I could  have lied' and, of course - 'Under the bridge', to the explosive 'Give it  away', 'Funky monks', 'Mellowship...', it's just the best album of the  90's, with the Peppers finally proving to the world how magnificiant they  truely are!!!
0679746048|4.0|Well written story that has some really disturbing moments like the  mindset of someone right when they're about to commit suicide.  Definitely  a page-turner!
0060273224|5.0|&quot;Sabriel&quot; by Garth Nix is a unique and memorable fantasy.  For  those of you who feel that dragons, unicorns, and bards are a bit overdone  nowadays, this fantasy offers up a heroine who binds the dead with a  bandolier of bells.  The Geography of Death is lovingly delineated, from  the prologue where Sabriel is born and dies and is rescued from the First  Gate of Death by her father, to the book's final quarter where Sabriel  rescues her father from the Fourth Gate of Death.  Unlike Dante's Inferno,  Death in this fantasy is a river, a waterfall, pools of black water,  strange currents that suck the spirit from the flesh.<br />Sabriel herself is  an English schoolgirl, recently graduated from Wyverley Academy with a  &quot;first in English, equal first in Music, third in Mathematics, seventh  in Science, second in Fighting Arts and fourth in Etiquette.  She had also  been a runaway first in Magic..&quot;  A visitation from the Dead sends  Sabriel on a quest through the magical Old Kingdom, in order to reunite her  father's body with his spirit which is trapped within the Fourth Gate of  Death.  She has to do battle with a really nasty necromancer-Adept,  and  rescue a prince who is a bit of a figurehead at first but who finally  develops into a memorable character in his own right.  Sabriel is both  helped and hindered by a very non-cuddly cat named Mogget.<br />&quot;Sabriel&quot; was first published in 1995, so I'm hoping there is  a sequel by now.  By all means, read this book if you love good fantasy.
B00000ILBK|5.0|From the begininng to the end, this movie stands alone as an excellent  work of science fiction.  The story could be analyzed in many different  ways.  Many of the special effects I had never seen before (ie. Data  ripping his cloaked headpiece off!)  Excellent DVD transfer in video and  sound (makes for good multiple viewings)  What makes this movie refreshing  is that there are clearly &quot;good guys&quot; and &quot;bad guys.&quot;   Plays out like a classic western in space, and leaves a smile on your face  in the end.  If you think about it thats what movies should be all about.
B000002572|5.0|The self-titled debut by Boston is still one of the best guitar albums of  all time.  Just about every song has become a FM rock radio staple.  Tom  Schloz layered guitar upon guitar to give the album an orchestral feeling  and very few people can hit the stratospheric notes that Brad Delp does.  &quot;More Than A Feeling&quot; opens the album and is the band's finest  moment.  Every song on the album from &quot;Peace Of Mind&quot; to  &quot;Long Time&quot; to &quot;Smokin'&quot; to &quot;Let Me Take You Home  Tonight&quot; are rock classics.  The album is perfect to throw in the cd  player for a road trip or to kick start a party.  I dare you to listen to  it and not be induced into playing air guitar.
B000001ESJ|3.0|The problem for `Kings' is that it is sandwiched between two classic  concept albums, `2112' and `Hemispheres', so it probably doesn't get the  recognition it deserves.  But it still holds its own, even more than 20  years later after its release.  It was a turning point for the trio as it  was the first album to feature keyboards. `Kings' consists of two lengthy  tracks, one of which is the classic `Xanadu', featuring 12 string guitars,  which still sounds great.  The other lengthy track is `Cygnus X1', the  beginning of the short Cygnus tale, which is completed on following album  `Spheres'. It's not the easiest track to listen to due to the time changes,  and the shrieks from Geddy at the end are impossible to make out! `Closer  to the Heart' was Rush's first hit in the UK (reaching the top 30) and is a  short track, timing at around only 3 and half minutes.   It remains a live  favourite, especially the elongated ending which the crowd always enjoy.   Other tracks are the title track, `Cinderella Man' (with some nice  `wah-wah' guitar from Alex and jazz bass from Geddy) and the ballad  `Madrigal'; the latter makes me reach for the skip button!  A great album  however, but not quite as good as its successor and predecessor. 3.5 stars
B000002KD5|5.0|When Fleetwood Mac was formed in the late 60's, they were a hardcore blues  band.  After Peter Green left and with the additions of Christine McVie  &amp; Bob Welch, they shifted away from blues music towards a more pop  sound.  In 1975, Bob Welch left the group and Mick Fleetwood enlisted an  unknown duo of Lindsey Buckingham &amp; Stevie Nicks in the band.  The  result is of course music history.  This is the first effort by the new  lineup and it is an excellent collection of songs.  Lindsey Buckingham has  one of the best ears in music and his hands are all over the album.  From  the album's opener &quot;Monday Morning&quot; and his own &quot;Blue  Letter&quot; and the slow burning &quot;World Turning&quot; to Christine  McVie's &quot;Say You Love Me&quot; and &quot;Sugar Daddy&quot;, his  presence is felt.  &quot;Crystal&quot; is great song taken from the  Buckingham-Nicks album and shows how well the band's voices meld together.  Stevie Nicks carved out her witch persona with the ethereal and moody  &quot;Rhiannon&quot;.  She also contributes one of most hauntingly  beautiful songs ever recorded, &quot;Landslide&quot;.  Through constant  touring and radio airplay, the album slowly climbed the charts and in its  53rd week on the charts, it finally reached number one.  This album set the  stage for one of the biggest albums in history, Rumours.  While not as  popular as that album, this album is it's equal in quality and sound.
6301955595|5.0|Santa Sangre's introduction seems somewhat overlong, initially, but it  really sets up the second part of the film beautifully, in retrospect.  The  movie is simply fascinating, though the plot can be summed up as  &quot;Jodorowsky's Psycho.&quot;  Always more than a little on the surreal  side, Santa Sangre seems as good an introduction to Jodorowsky as you can  get.<br />The imagery alone is what you watch a film by Alexandro Jodorowsky  for.  Not the characters (handled well with little dialogue; Axel  Jodorowsky does excellent acting as Fenix) nor the plot (great angle on  &quot;Psycho&quot;).  The funeral for an elephant, particularly, and the  various characters of the circus are must sees...Jodorowsky is clearly an  expert in creating scenes that disturb, that evoke emotion without saying a  thing.<br />The film is one that would've seemed uninspired in the hands of a  lesser filmmaker.  Jodorowsky turns it around and makes it into a wonderful  picture.  Ah, if he'd done Dune instead of David Lynch.
B000002UZ4|5.0|The Pet Shop Boys unique sound has made another great impact in music with  this song.  It's a must have for any fan, avid or passive.
B000002J09|5.0|This is an album that is quite beyond the ability and talent of many  musicians.  It begins with the awesomely hard Black Dog, which is followed  by the very solid Rock and Roll, a little bit down to transition to the  BEAUTIFULLY rendered folk song Battle of Evermore (the greatest of the  Tolkien reference songs).  The first half (remember, it was composed as an  LP, not as a CD) finishes off with the MASSIVE Zeppelin anthem Stairway to  Heaven, summing up its three predecessors.<br />The second half begins with  the upbeat Misty Mountain Hop, a straightforward song (and the second  Tolkien reference on the album).  Four Sticks is, appropriately, a bit  deeper, but rocks just as well.  A much more mellow Going to California  follows, and the more soulful When the Levee Breaks finishes off the  album.<br />The first half of this album nearly drowns out the excellent  second half--it's that good.  With 3 of Zeppelin's best songs (Black Dog,  Evermore, and Stairway) coming before the halfway mark, Zeppelin IV manages  to be sadly uneven.  As I said, the second half is excellent--but it's not  the first half.  The same problem faces Physical Graffiti, whose first disc  ALONE is deserving of the title &quot;Best Rock Album,&quot; and the second  disc just isn't the same.  You won't be disappointed, but the best way to  listen to the album is &quot;B Side&quot; first, just so the excellent  songs don't get drowned out in the very-recent memory of the brilliant  &quot;A Side.&quot;<br />Zeppelin IV is still one of the best albums your  money can buy.  Your collection deserves it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|&quot;I've not seen a movie like that before.Compare to other Roman war movie's it was totally different.Especially at the begining of this movie  it's just like in the modern war and The actor was  &quot;Superb&quot; he  really did great at this movies.......
B00003W8NM|5.0|The real first rule of Fight Club needs to be, &quot;Don't talk about the  details of the movie 'Fight Club'&quot;.  Anyone who's seen it knows what  I'm talking about on this one.  This aside, it needs to be said that Fight  Club is absolutly unlike anything most people are prepared to see, and this  is why it is so excellent.  The DVD of this movie is a real work of art and  is really packed with things to explore.  Making it a 2-disc set maked it  nice for anyone who just wants to see the movie and no nonsence.  In the  end, the real power of Fight Club lies in it's use of a simple, steady,  almost droning pacing that takes the viewer on an amazing journey into the  darker parts of the human mind.  Once there, it's very hard to look away.   Enjoy!
B000001FS6|5.0|This is the first U2 album I have bought, and it was well worth it. Live  versions of familiar tracks (i.e. Pride (In the Name of Love) and Bullet  the Blue Sky got better, and studio tracks (i.e. Hawkmoon 269 and All I  Want is You) really kick a**.  This album, The Joshua Tree, and War  comprise the three core albums for U2.
6305922756|5.0|As was a concern for some as far as the mastering of this DVD, the  subtitles that are supposedly missing are actually on a seperate subtitle  track afterall....but were added after they realized they had left them  off........So it's there if you want them. This film is a comedy  masterpiece for music fans in-the-know.
0812589041|5.0|If you have ANY taste for science fiction, do yourself a favor and buy  this book. Stories this good dont come around often enough. Card put  himself squarely among the greats when he produced this masterpiece.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator was without a doubt the best movie that I have seen all year, and also the best that I have seen since Braveheart all the way back in  1995.  The plots were so similar it was frightening, although that didn't  detract from the movie one bit. The way that maximus was set up as the  protagonist the whole way through, even though he may have become a slave  made you rooting for him all the way up to the finale.  This was a great  movie, and all should see it and buy it, even if they  haven't seen it yet.   It's that good.
0425170349|3.0|If I have somehow overlooked this, then I am the fool but,  A bit of a  spoiler so don't read if you hate to know important data!    I better get  this in now, I enjoyed the book.  Great way to pass the time, but glaring  inconsistency must be pointed out.  The premise is that Shiva is released  through a spritzer-type coolant system at the Austrailian SUMMER Olympics.         Gang, look at the Today show, consult your globe, Which Mr. Clancy  obviously didn't do!  IT'S WINTER IN AUSTRALIA WHEN IT IS SUMMER HERE!!!!   Which just about kills the whole idea of introducing Shiva in Australia  with a device designed to cool the crowd, when the crowd is already  huddling in 40 degree weather!!!  It's this type of asinine mistake looked  over obviously by every editor and reviewer,that makes Americans look bad  to everyone. I mean c'mon doesn't anyone pay attention, especially Mr.  Clancy the particular &quot;Uber-American&quot; who espouses American  superiority in every page.  I have no problem with Americans on top, I just  want to make sure every American actually knows where the &quot;top&quot;  is &quot;down under.&quot; I invite any exchange to my yahoo address  djamesnm@yahoo.com.  I will not respond to obvious diatribes, honest  criticism or disagreement is the First Amendment baby, I live for it.
0743506650|5.0|The cover shows an inviting scene, a country house with a warm light glowing in the living room window, a set of double doors leading down to  the cellar, the house lined with pink and white flowers. \\"Come on in,\\" the  picture seems to say. \\"I have a story to tell.\\"<br />It generally takes  Stephen King about three months to finish the first draft of a book. He  began \\"On Writing\\" at the end of 1997, but put it aside a few months later,  unsure how to finish it. Over a year later, in mid-1999, King decided to  spend the summer \\"finishing the damn writing book.\\"<br />The events of  late-June, 1999 interfered with those plans. King spent three weeks in the  hospital after he was struck by a van. In late July he decided it was time  to start writing again, and it was \\"On Writing\\" that he chose for his  return to work. The finished product, \\"On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft\\"  will be released by Scribner in early October, 2000.<br />It was a discussion  with Amy Tan while on tour with the Rock Bottom Remainders that inspired  King to write this book. \\"No one ever asks about the language,\\" Tan said in  response to King's query about the sorts of questions that she doesn't get  at author appearances. \\"Serious\\" authors get asked that but they don't ask  the popular novelists who, he says \\"care about language in our humble way,  and care passionately about the art and craft of telling stories on paper.\\"<br />King opens with a lengthy memoir that \\"attempted to show some of the  incidents and life-situations which made me into the sort of writer I  turned out to be.\\" He calls this section \\"C.V,\\" as in \\"curriculum vitae,\\"  his list of accomplishments and job skills. Some of the story is familiar,  though many of the details are new. He works his way through his stages as  a writer from childhood to novice to apprentice to worldwide success.<br />For the first time in any detail, King addresses his battle with alcohol  and drug abuse, when it started, how it evolved and how he eventually was  forced to confront his problem. He reveals that he has little memory of  writing \\"Cujo\\" (\\"I wish I could remember enjoying the good parts as I put  them down on the page\\"), that he hadn't realized that when he was writing  \\"The Shining\\" he was writing about himself, and how Annie Wilkes in  \\"Misery\\" could well be seen as a symbol for coke and alcohol. \\"I decided I  was tired of being Annie's pet writer,\\" King says.<br />King is more  revealing of his life in this book than ever before. He is frank in  discussing the merits and deficiencies of many of his books. Of \\"Rose  Madder\\" and \\"Insomnia\\" he says: \\"These are (much as I hate to admit it)  stiff, trying-too-hard novels.\\" He talks about how he reached a point in  \\"The Stand\\" where he had to set the novel aside for several weeks until he  could figure out how to go on. If he had written a couple of hundred pages  less at that point he probably would have abandoned the book completely.  Also described in some depth are the issues he had to deal with in writing  \\"Carrie,\\" \\"The Dead Zone\\" and \\"The Green Mile.\\" He spends some time  relating an event that inspired him to write the upcoming novel \\"From a  Buick Eight\\" and the research required for the second draft that had to be  deferred after his accident - a couple of weeks riding with the  Pennsylvania State Police.<br />\\"But I'm not a writer,\\" the prospective  reader of \\"On Writing\\" might cry. \\"Why should I want to read this book?\\"  While a substantial section of the book is about writing, King's approach  to it and his advice to writers at all levels of the art, there is much  here for the non-writer as well. King's success has made him a high-profile  personality, more so than many other authors, and the level of public  interest in his life is easily demonstrated by the overwhelming number of  requests for updates on his condition received by his office and official  web site in the weeks following his accident. Here is the opportunity to  read King on King, and on his books. He describes the symbolism in many of  his novels, rarely planted intentionally on the first draft but uncovered,  as an archaeologist uncovers a ruin, during the writing of the second  draft.<br />For writers, though, the book is chock full of advice, some of it  common sense, some of it uniquely King's. His taboos of writing: adverbs  (especially those in dialog attributes) and the passive voice. His  description of the writer's toolbox: Common tools on the top shelf  (vocabulary and grammar), elements of grammar and style on the second  level, along with an understanding of the paragraph as the basic element in  fiction, and a synthesis of all of these along with innate and developed  skills at the bottom.<br />\\"If you want to be a writer,\\" King says, \\"you must  do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.\\" King calls  reading the creative center of a writer's life. He advocates reading in  small sips as well as long drinks - in waiting rooms, in line at the  theater, in the checkout line at the grocery store, on the treadmill at the  gym and in the john.<br />When it comes to writing, though, King is more  selective. \\"We do best in a place of our own,\\" he advises. The most  important feature of this place: a door that you can and are willing to  shut. No TV, no phone and no video games. Curtains closed. Write first with  the door closed. Write for yourself without worry about theme, symbolism or  accuracy of details. Those are for the second draft, which is usually  written with the door open, after he has sent the book to a select group of  critical readers.<br />King includes examples of both good and bad writing,  sometimes taken from his own work, sometimes taken from such writers as  Elmore Leonard and John Katzenbach. The final chapter of the book is an  annotated rewrite of his first draft of the opening section of \\"1408,\\" one  of the three stories in the recent \\"Blood and Smoke\\" audio release. This  section should silence critics who suggest that King doesn't rewrite his  work. It is an interesting look at the creative process and what an author  should look for when editing his or her own material.<br />He also describes  his approach to research. It's all about back story, he says. \\"What I'm  looking for is nothing but a touch of verisimilitude, like the handful of  spices you chuck into a really good spaghetti sauce to really finish her  off.\\"<br />Toward the end of the book, King tackles the subject of his  accident. This section, called \\"On Living,\\" is partly a bully platform for  him to get his version of the story down, as well as his opinion about how  the legal system handled the case of driver Bryan Smith. It also describes  how an otherwise ideal day went wrong, the minute details of his injuries  and some of the challenges of his recovery process. \\"Life isn't a support  system for art - it's the other way around,\\" he concludes.<br />Throughout  the book, but especially in this chapter, King pays tribute to wife,  Tabitha. She is King's \\"Ideal Reader,\\" the person for whom he writes all of  his books, the one who he wants to make laugh or cry through his writing.  His love and admiration for her shines through, from a touching scene in  their early courtship where he sits at her feet as she reads her poetry in  a workshop, his hand on her calf, to her organization of a group  intervention to make him confront his addiction problems, and all the way  through to her support and encouragement of him during his convalescence.<br />At the end, King includes a list of nearly a hundred novels that he  considers the best that he's read in the last three or four years. \\"A good  many of these might show you some new ways of doing your work. Even if they  don't, they're apt to entertain you,\\" he concludes.<br />The same might be  said of \\"On Writing.\\"o  read King on King, and on his books. He describes the symbolism in many of  his novels, rarely planted intentionally on the first draft but uncovered,  as an archaeologist uncovers a ruin, during the writing of the second  draft. <br />For writers, though, the book is chock full of advice, some of it  common sense, some of it uniquely King's. His taboos of writing: adverbs  (especially those in dialog attributes) and the passive voice. His  description of the writer's toolbox: Common tools on the top shelf  (vocabulary and grammar), elements of grammar and style on the second  level, along with an understanding of the paragraph as the basic element in  fiction, and a synthesis of all of these along with innate and developed  skills at the bottom. <br />\\"If you want to be a writer,\\" King says, \\"you must  do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.\\" King calls  reading the creative center of a writer's life. He advocates reading in  small sips as well as long drinks - in waiting rooms, in line at the  theater, in the checkout line at the grocery store, on the treadmill at the  gym and in the john. <br />When it comes to writing, though, King is more  selective. \\"We do best in a place of our own,\\" he advises. The most  important feature of this place: a door that you can and are willing to  shut. No TV, no phone and no video games. Curtains closed. Write first with  the door closed. Write for yourself without worry about theme, symbolism or  accuracy of details. Those are for the second draft, which is usually  written with the door open, after he has sent the book to a select group of  critical readers. <br />King includes examples of both good and bad writing,  sometimes taken from his own work, sometimes taken from such writers as  Elmore Leonard and John Katzenbach. The final chapter of the book is an  annotated rewrite of his first draft of the opening section of \\"1408,\\" one  of the three stories in the recent \\"Blood and Smoke\\" audio release. This  section should silence critics who suggest that King doesn't rewrite his  work. It is an interesting look at the creative process and what an author  should look for when editing his or her own material. <br />He also describes  his approach to research. It's all about back story, he says. \\"What I'm  looking for is nothing but a touch of verisimilitude, like the handful of  spices you chuck into a really good spaghetti sauce to really finish her  off.\\" <br />Toward the end of the book, King tackles the subject of his  accident. This section, called \\"On Living,\\" is partly a bully platform for  him to get his version of the story down, as well as his opinion about how  the legal system handled the case of driver Bryan Smith. It also describes  how an otherwise ideal day went wrong, the minute details of his injuries  and some of the challenges of his recovery process. \\"Life isn't a support  system for art - it's the other way around,\\" he concludes. <br />Throughout  the book, but especially in this chapter, King pays tribute to wife,  Tabitha. She is King's \\"Ideal Reader,\\" the person for whom he writes all of  his books, the one who he wants to make laugh or cry through his writing.  His love and admiration for her shines through, from a touching scene in  their early courtship where he sits at her feet as she reads her poetry in  a workshop, his hand on her calf, to her organization of a group  intervention to make him confront his addiction problems, and all the way  through to her support and encouragement of him during his convalescence.  <br />At the end, King includes a list of nearly a hundred novels that he  considers the best that he's read in the last three or four years. \\"A good  many of these might show you some new ways of doing your work. Even if they  don't, they're apt to entertain you,\\" he concludes. <br />The same might be  said of \\"On Writing.\\"
B000002WYT|5.0|This cd is a definitely a must have for anybody who likes DMB or  appreciates their music.  I initially bought this cd just so i could listen  to &quot;crash&quot;, but then i listened to the whole thing and now it's  my favorite cd!  Anybody who doesn't own this cd should go out and buy it,  it's that good!!
B00004U8H4|5.0|I did'nt see the movie in theaters so was'nt sure what was added for this  version and don't really care,I loved it anyway,I had read the book which  was very stomach churning in parts and I must admit was hoping for some  blood and gore action on screen but after watching the movie I think it  worked better with less,the chainsaw scene was great but that could have  something to do with Christian Bale being naked at the time,hey I'm only  human.        The interview was interesting to watch though I would have  liked the featurette on the making of the movie to have been longer and  more in depth.        It's a keeper.
B000002WYT|5.0|This cd is a definitely a must have for anybody who likes DMB or  appreciates their music.  I initially bought this cd just so i could listen  to &quot;crash&quot;, but then i listened to the whole thing and now it's  my favorite cd!  Anybody who doesn't own this cd should go out and buy it,  it's that good!!
B000002KYB|5.0|It was the first tape I bought when I had my first walkman in 1982. It was  my first CD when I bough a CD player in 1988. We generally get it for  &quot;industrial disease&quot; or &quot;private investigation&quot;, but  after a little time you see the Jewel : Telegraph Road. 15 minutes of pure  perfection. You'll play it again and again and again and the pleasure still  remain and the emotion still remain. Is it possible to have something after  Telegraph Road ?
B00003CXDG|4.0|Once again, John Woo directs a masterpiece.  Forget plot, forget actors, instead focus on the beauty within each camera frame.  Mr Woo's style is  perfect in form and pleasing to the eye.  Watch the picture, see the use of  symbolism, the fight between good and evil and the heroe's triumph.<br />The  movie's plot did lag in the middle, but spectacular special effects and  coreographed violence made it all worth it.  Villians are a dime a dozen  and only few stand out in our mind.  This one does not quite do it,  however.  Tom cruise and his She-ra in the movie struggled through their  lines.  But remember that movies are not just actors and dialogue, they  tell a story.  This movie could have just had pictures and music and the  story would been told just the same.  <br />Surely not the best John Woo film  out there, but a masterpiece as only he can deliver.  Thanks Mr Woo!
6305622825|4.0|Watching a Sean Connery film is a form of escape.  This film is certainly  that.  Entrapment  takes you out of the humdrum into a life of  sophisticated crime.  Elegant art works,  computerized finance, exotic  locations and unusual people.  Big Tam always manages to  provide rich wit,  delivered effortlessly with his particular charm.  Here, he's partnered  with  insurance investigator Zeta-Jones as they weave through an bizarre  array of heists, each  building from one to the next.  The ultimate goal  must be achieved in a specific time and  place.  The finale is inevitable,  but given Connery's film history, not disappointing nor  surprising.<br />Big  Tam has developed an inexplicable ability to draw out the best of his film  partners.  In his  only truly serious film, Medicine Man, he brought a  lustre to Lorraine Bracco not seen in her  other films.  Entrapment  displays Catherine Zeta-Jones as more 'alive' than any of her other  films.  Anthony Hopkins could only use her as decoration in Zorro, but against  Connery, she  presents a wider range of expression.  Still appearing a bit  constrained, she's at least  competent in this role, if not  outstanding.<br />Entrapment almost seems one of a new genre of Connery type  roles.  The Rock, Medicine  Man, Hunt for Red October and this film present  him as the devious outcast who makes  good.  It's not a bad type, although  one wonders what the insurance companies think of  presenting us with such  a successful thief always going scot-free.  The film is a good addition  to  your collection, to be viewed on those evenings when you don't need  complexity, but aren't  in the mood for brainless sit-coms.
B0000047CX|5.0|This is such a terrific CD. It was a break trough in 1964 when it was  released introducing Bossa Nova to world audiences. Every Grammy it  received like best album and best song for The Girl From Ipanema was well  deserved.<br />It's hard to say which performance is more impressive. Would it  be the marvelous Tom Jobim composition? Or the whispering Joao Gilberto's  voice accompanying his wonderful guitar cords? Would it be the melodic Stan  Getz sax solos. Or the soft almost childish Astrud Gilberto's voice?  Probably the combination of all.<br />Every track is special but my favorites  are Corcovado and Doralice. Doralice has the most beautiful saxophone solo  I ever heard however, for some strange reason, the song is almost unknown  even in Brazil.<br />Most of the lyrics are in Portuguese but The Girl From  Ipanema and the beginning of Corcovado are sung in English by Astrud but  this shouldn't be an obstacle for the appreciation of this masterpiece.  With under 40 minutes of total play time and two very similar releases of  The Girl From Ipanema and Corcovado it might seem not too much bang for  your buck but believe me it pays off.
B000002L99|5.0|This in my opinion, was one of the high-points in Van Halen's career.  Because it brought in one strong singer into the Van Halen line up.<br />Sammy  Hagar rocked in his solo career and Van Halen is the greatest band ever.  You mix 'em together and the possibilities are limitless. If you don't  believe me, check out Dreams, Summer Nights, 5150 and Love Walks  In.<br />While I give five stars to all of their albums, this one has got to  be worth five and a half.
B000001FI7|4.0|this cd is one of the ones i bought rather than having my friend burn for  me. it was more or less worth the money i paid for it, with some REALLY  good songs on it. very atmospheric, it really sets a mood. whatever mood it  is is probably up to the listener, but......there are some songs i didn't  like, however, mainly it's a fire and it could be sweet, and some other  song i don't remember. when i bought the cd i was looking for something a  little more dark and trippy and gloomy and eerie. it's a great cd anyway,  the best and eeriest songs being biscuit and numb. strangers is a great  funky trip-hop song. it's really cool to listen to this cd really loud with  candles or something....just don't buy it expecting ALL the songs to be  totally gloomy and ethereal..
B00003CWTI|5.0|When I first watched this movie, I thought the prologue was ingenius and  totally got drawn in to the story. Then it started to go over my head and I  wasn't too sure what the movie was about .<br />My brother pointed out the  obvious--it's a story about  the cycle of abuse people put each other  through. Then I was like: &quot;OH, DUH&quot;. Ok.<br />Weeks later, I found  that this movie couldn't get outta my mind! And why? Because--I saw Paul  Thomas Anderson's message of &quot;the circle of human abuse&quot; in my  own life. We're not immune to it. It happens to everyone. We treat each  other wrong and do it over and over. <br />Now I realize how powerful and  amazing this movie truly is. I have to see it again!
6300271285|4.0|In this movie (which is based on a successful Broadway musical) a guy named Seymour (played by a wonderfully nerdy Rick Moranis), buys a strange plant in order to improve the business at the flowershop run by Mr. Mushnik (Vincent Gardenia).<br />Calling the plant Audrey II, Seymour finds that it likes to drink blood instead of water - which lead to some very funny moments. Levi Stubbs of the Four Tops provides a great, mean-sounding voice for the plant.<br />There are lots of celebrity cameos here - John Candy as a Radio DJ, Steve Martin as a horribly nasty and sadistic dentist, and Bill Murray, to name a few.<br />I thought this movie was very funny and the music is brilliant. My favorite songs are the West Side Story-esque \\"Suddenly Seymour\\" (sung by Rick Moranis) and the show-stopping \\"Mean Green Mother from Outer Space\\" (sung by the plant), in a great scene combining excellent music and very black comedy.<br />I think anyone would enjoy this movie - I really liked the combination of music and black humor. It`s highly recommended!
0792151712|5.0|Before I saw this film, I had never known about Titanic. And when I saw  this film, it wasn't so popular yet then. So I didn't have any expectations  at all. But against all expectations, this film had a great story line, a  music which appealed to me enormously and good people who did a great job.   After I saw Titanic, I was sure that this film would be my best film ever.   I'd like to recommend this to you from the bottom of my heart.  Thank you.
B000002MIB|5.0|Van Halen never ceases to amaze me. All of their albums(yes, including VH  III)rock. And they created the best live album ever.(Aerosmith's A Little  South Of Sanity comes in a close second.)<br />When I first bought this album,  I knew I was in for a real treat because I saw the video version of this,  but this was better because they had a lot more songs. The first thing that  impressed me was the awesome guitar solo on Judgement Day and I love Sammy  Hagar's version of Panama. <br />I was absolutely stunned by Eddie's ten  minute guitar solo. As a fellow guitar player myself, I couldn't help but  be impressed. I think he's the greatest guitar player on the planet. Van  Halen is the greatest band of all time.
0345406680|5.0|We should be grateful for writers such as Lomax, and for books such as  this. Remembering, with careful, understated accuracy, his experiences as a  prisoner of war in Kanchanaburi during the infamous construction of the  Burma Railway, also known as the &quot;Death Railway&quot;, it is an honest  and beautifully rendered document of tremendous suffering, tremendous pain  and the transcending, liberating power of forgiveness.<br />It reminds us of a  time so recent, yet which seems to long ago, and which can so easily be  revisited upon us. It is not a document of Japan-bashing or of bitterness  or recrimination. It reminds that we are all capable of reat evil, and all  capable of surviving great evil. It reminds us of the contradictory yet  parallel strains of goodness and darkness that make us human. I feel like a  btter person for having read this book.
B000002KHH|5.0|What can i say about this album that every true metal fan doesn't know?i  will add this however...ELECTRIC FUNERAL and HAND OF DOOM are,in my  opinion,two of the most underrated SABBATH songs and among two of the  best!!!I implore you check this CD out if you want awesome imagery as well  as a feeling of impending doom coming from your speakers or headphones.
B0000029LG|5.0|The amazing thing I've noticed about Michael Jackson albums, for me  anyway, is that the more you listen to them the more you like them. When  History first came out, I was a little disappointed because I didn't think  there were enough BIG hits. Scream and You are Not Alone are the only ones  that really took off in the US commercially. And to a lesser extent  Childhood and Earth Song. For most artists this is great, but MJ usually  has about 6-7 solid hits per album---History doesn't. But what those who  continue to listen to the album find is that it doesn't matter. All the  songs are memorable and catchy--not necessarilly radio material, but  rhythmically and lyrically awesome! Stranger in Moscow, 2Bad, History,  Little Susie---not some of his better known songs, but of the highest  caliber musically. Anyone that truly understands music, knows that Michael  Jackson is a genius. People want a repeat of Thriller, but true artists  continue to move forward, progress, and explore, which is what Michaels  done through out his career. History, the first half, speaks for itself. As  for the second CD, it takes getting used to, but only gets better with  time---the sign of a true classic.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|This cd is so awesome it has his best songs from his blues days to his  getting into rock. This is the complete hendrix cd to buy. But you have to  buy them all to experience the complete hendrix experience.
6301966015|2.0|You can call me a Philistine, but this film bored me to tears.  Many  scenes are horribly dated.  Now, that may not be a fair criticism, but I  couldn't help but think of Austin Powers at times, which can be distracting  when one is trying to watch such a terribly serious meditation on reality  and illusion.  The scenes involving the revelation of the mystery in the  park via photograph were involving.  I can also appreciate the fact that  Antonioni wasn't interested in making a typical Hollywood-type thriller in  which the hero learns all of the secrets and punishes the wrong-doers.   There were glimpses of a good film here, but that's all. <br />Besides, any  film with a scene in which mimes are taken seriously loses me.
0486266885|3.0|I thought this book had very little horror in it at all.  Even in the  1800s, when Robert Louis Stevenson wrote it, I still don't see how it could  be horrifying to people in those days.  I thought this book did not have  black and white answers to questions.  I also thought this book was way to  long with 54 pages.  I think it could have been put into a 20-page book and  still have the same content of a 54-page book.  I think that this was also  very boring.  I mean the best part was when Dr. Lanyon wrote that Mr. Hyde  came to his house, mixed up a potion, and he turned into Dr. Jekyll.  That  has very little excitement to it.  When I was going to read this book I  thought it was going to be very scary and that I would be on the edge of my  seat.  Well neither of those things happened.  In fact I just wanted to get  the book finished so I could start a more exciting book.  Those are my  feelings on the book The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
0312954468|5.0|Wilbur Smith is my favourite author, and though i do not take the liberty  of proclaiming myself as being an authority on the topic, I must say that  he is certainly a very competent and interesting author. Completely in  control of his story, the characters locales and denouements, Smith has  written a racy read dated three thousand years in history. This is exactly  the kind of novel that bibligraphs and book afficianado's would love to  read and more importantly own as part of a collection. Smith transports you  into a world of Egyptian pharoes, demure and inviting princesses, court  eunuchs, mighty charioteers and mightier princes. The landscape is  sartorially masculine, evoking poetic descriptions of the Egyptian  countryside, chivalrious generals their awed subjects. The central plot  revolves around the life of an egyptian brave called Tanus and his bid for  the kingdom of Egypt. Essentially written in the style of a saga, the book  seeks to explore relationships between rulers and the ruled, Kings and  their whims, warring tribes and their expeditions to annex territory. In a  clamouring, almost teneable manner, the author tries to relate todays  modernity - the struggles at the food stand, the fights for power, the  skirmishes for territory, the coups and the sabotages - to a story set in  an ancient time and a forgotten locale. It is essentially a story on the  nature of man - his desire to excel, the laudation of his achievements, the  consequent jealousy and envy, the intrigue and finally an exploration into  the mind of the treachorous saboteur. A wonderfully structured book, this  story os neither part of the Courtney family saga nor that of the  Ballantynes. It is a standalone and regular smith readers need not worry  about continuity and other such attendant wories of a sequel. Memorable
6305949638|3.0|this Film Worked in that it discussed Issues&amp;Taboo Topics.but compared  to the Book it's not as strong.the acting is a little all over the  place.Michael Caine handles the first part&amp;Delroy Lindro handles the  Mid-second part.it's like two films in one in many instances.it's a film  that needed to be told but it gets a bit scattered.still for it's time  period&amp;different Subject Matters worth a Viewing but not for the easily  Offended.
0783225482|5.0|I couldn't wait to see this film when it came out.I Loved it.Its never  boring,and I've always been interested in life after death.Meryl Streep is  so funny,along with Goldie Hawn,my favorite star of all time.I read Barbra  Streisand turned down the Meryl Streep part.Even though Meryl was  sensational,It would have been something to see Barbra doing this movie.I  still watch this film  every time its on TV,and  enjoy every moment it.
0486266885|3.0|I thought this book had very little horror in it at all.  Even in the  1800s, when Robert Louis Stevenson wrote it, I still don't see how it could  be horrifying to people in those days.  I thought this book did not have  black and white answers to questions.  I also thought this book was way to  long with 54 pages.  I think it could have been put into a 20-page book and  still have the same content of a 54-page book.  I think that this was also  very boring.  I mean the best part was when Dr. Lanyon wrote that Mr. Hyde  came to his house, mixed up a potion, and he turned into Dr. Jekyll.  That  has very little excitement to it.  When I was going to read this book I  thought it was going to be very scary and that I would be on the edge of my  seat.  Well neither of those things happened.  In fact I just wanted to get  the book finished so I could start a more exciting book.  Those are my  feelings on the book The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
B00000JR29|5.0|The title said it all.<br />Peace &amp; Love, Waukisha
B000002J2D|5.0|When Genesis' two main players Peter Gabriel, and later Steve Hackett left  this stellar group, it would appear that this supergroup would run out of  steam. Now reduced to a trio, Genesis released the quietly progressive, yet  poppish ...And Then There Were Three... in 1978. It is this album that  Genesis had their first U.S. Top 40 hit with &quot;Follow You, Follow Me.  This CD contains some brilliant musical masterpieces as well. Tony Banks'  keyboard work is quietly haunting in songs like &quot;Undertow&quot;,  &quot;Ballad Of Big&quot;, &quot;Snowbound&quot;, &quot;Burning Rope&quot;,  &quot;Deep In The Motherlode&quot;, &quot;Say It's Alright Joe&quot; and  &quot;The Lady Lies&quot;. Let's not forget Mike Rutherford's stunning  guitar skip in the intro of &quot;Down And Out&quot;, as well as Phil  Collins' stormy drumming toward the end of this track. Daryl Stuermer  filled the void on some guitar work on a few tracks as well. Wonderfully  crafted musicianship throughout. ATTWT will definitely make you sing for  your supper and will have you coming back for infinite servings!
B000003TAR|5.0|Whether you like Nirvana or not, you have to give them credit.  &quot;Nevermind&quot; was the filled with teen angst and hooks that rocked  like no nobody's business. So did Nirvana follow &quot;Nevermind&quot; up  with another angst masterpiece? Listen to the first track, &quot;Serve The  Servants&quot;: &quot;Teenage angst has payed off well, now I'm bored and  old&quot;. It gets better. &quot;In Utero&quot; is different, harsher, more  complex, and a lot more angrier. For a band that saved Rock with  radio-friendly songs to make an abrasive album like &quot;In Utero&quot;  can be career suicide. And you can't help but feel that's exactly what  Nirvana wanted. A lot of these songs are raw Punk. &quot;Scentless  Apprentice&quot; and &quot;Milk It&quot; are more than enough to send  Alt-Rock fans running for Creed's &quot;Human Clay&quot;. &quot;Frances  Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle&quot; snarls with rage. On certain  lyrics like &quot;It's so relieving, to know that you're leaving, as soon  as you get paid&quot; you can't help but think he's talking about Courtney  Love. On &quot;Nevermind&quot;, Kurt threw in a lot of funny moments while  still being serious. On &quot;In Utero&quot;, Kurt just doesn't seem to be  in the mood for anything other than expressing his pain. &quot;I miss the  comfort in being sad&quot;, &quot;I'm on my time with everyone&quot;,  &quot;I think I'm dumb&quot;, &quot;What is wrong with me?&quot;. The  lyrics weren't whiny like most of the bands today, they were sadly true.  The slower songs are beautiful as well. &quot;Dumb&quot; and &quot;All  Apologies&quot; weep with brilliance and talent. Both show a side to the  band that came out better on &quot;Unplugged In New York&quot;, but they're  still amazing here. The end to &quot;All Apologies&quot; is enough to make  you cry. Kurt sings over and over, &quot;All in all is all we are&quot;. So  is &quot;In Utero&quot; better than &quot;Nevermind&quot;? No, it's not.  It's just asgood. But be warned, this isn't an album you should listen to  expecting to hear fun little songs, &quot;In Utero&quot; is a bleak  masterpiece. On one of my personal favorites, &quot;Radio Friendly Unit  Shifter&quot; (How can you not love that title?), Kurt is beyond anger and  depression.  &quot;What is wrong with me?&quot;, Kurt says over and over,  &quot;What is wrong with me?&quot;. A final call never sounded so  disturbing.
B000002U82|3.0|This album is very very Good. It was years ahead of it's time and is still  little ahead of this time. It is a wonderfull album. But just not that it  isn't my cup of tea. It just doesn't move me. But it is a wonderfull album.  (wait a minute. From know on I will not call it an album. Because you can't  just listen to one song. It is not an &quot;album&quot; or a collection of  songs. It is one song. So from now on I will call it a song.) But it is a  wonderfull song just to sit and soak in. To me this would have been what  Revolution #9 would have sounded like if John Lennon wasn't around Yoko  Ono.  Love, Light, Peace, and allow Christ to bless you. Byeeee. Paperback  Writer.
6303823351|5.0|This is a great movie for the Beatles fan . . . or the fan of great, old,  clean comedies. Very kewl movie, outrageously funny!!!!
B000002JPA|3.0|This release contains just too much keyboards.  Many times they drown out  the rest of the music, that's the only reason for the low rating.  At  times, they can get just down-right annoying!  Other than that, this cd  holds some absolutely fantastic songs.  Dream Theater, even on their debut  album, show some great melodies, heaviness and constant time shifts.  The  singer, LaBrie seems like a good combination of three singers:  Freddie  Mercury, Roy Khan(Kamelot), and maybe even a bit of Timo  Kotipelto(Stratovarius).  Interesting!  Classic cuts on this album feature:   &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; with its great choruses, &quot;Metropolis-Part  I&quot; with its time shifts, &quot;Under a Glass Moon&quot; and  &quot;Learning to Live.&quot;  Some good music.
B000002IOW|5.0|RUSH IS THE ULTMATE YOU CAN  NOT EXSEED NO FARTHER YOU ARE THE ONE OF IT'S  OWN DESTINTY, AND NEIL  YOU' MUST LISTEN TO YOUR SOUL AND BE IN PEACE WITH  YOURSELF.
B00003CXCS|3.0|Just seen the Sound Off Music on DVD and i was expecting to see a far  better picture and sound than VHS but alas i can only rate it 25%better  than VHS i put the blame with fox .Its no good saying it is an old film  take a look at the Ten Commandments/Gone Withe The WIND/ and Phantom of the  Opera,much older films but very good transfers to DVD so i do think sound  of Music desereved better and i do hope fox will treat their  transfers  with the art that some studios use.but i am still pleased i have a copy.
B000002J09|4.0|I really like &quot;Physical Graffiti&quot; best, but this one is a pure  classic, too. &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is the greatest rock song ever  even though many people do not want to agree. From beginning to end, each  song has its own sound and grips the listener tightly. Anyone who wants to  have a respectable collection of rock albums cannot be without this one.
6303109950|5.0|Wow!! What a fantastic movie! I expected Tombstone to be a weak western  flick.  I was pleasantly surprized!!<br />Tombstone has a killer cast, Kurt  Russell, Val Kilmer, Bill Paxton, Sam Elliott, Dana Delaney, Billy Zane,  Charlton Heston, Jason Priestly, Michael Biehn, Thomas Haden Church and  Billy Bob Thornton.  Each role,is no matter how large or small, was crafted  to perfection in this movie.  Kurt Russell as Wyatt Earp, Val Kilmer as Doc  Holiday, and Sam Elliott as Virgil Earp were especially  excellent.<br />Tombstone is the story about the Cowboy Gang and how they  terrorized the western town of Tombstone until Wyatt Earp and company came  to town.  Its a great story, its very well done and its easily one of the  best movies I have seen.<br />This one is well worth a purchase!!
B00004U8H4|3.0|I really liked the book and was looking forward to the movie. The movie is  so-so. As movies usually do, this one totally missed the mark and the book  was better. While I won't say the movie was bad (I'm not buying it) it  wasn't very good either. Maybe I expected more, I don't know. The actors  were good and fit their parts. But, the movie just left out parts and  changed this around from how the book did them, so I feel the movie blew  it.
0875845851|5.0|Great book! If the beginning is a bit slow, after you've read this book,  you will see the evolution of businesses with different eyes. I've found  that Christensen's theory can be applied to virtually any economic sector.
B00004X01U|5.0|On her last outing Madonna wowed both critics and the public alike.  By brilliantly combining electronic beats with strong melodies on Ray of  Light, Madonna took pop music in a bold, new direction.  Madonna's new  album Music picks up where Ray of Light left off, but ultimately this album  will not be remembered as adventurous as its predecessor.  Madonna sticks  with the same formula that made Ray of Light a critic's darling, and that's  certainly not a bad thing.<br />It would be easy to be misled by Music's first  single and title track.  The single Music, currently in heavy airplay on  radio stations around the country, is a quirky, fun little number with  simple, easy-to-digest lyrics.  It brings to mind some of the  happy-go-lucky music of Madonna's past.  Music the album, however,  sometimes gets deeply personal and strangely moving at times.  It is older,  wiser Madonna that we find here, one we can relate to and empathize with.  &quot;Many miles, many roads I have traveled, fallen down on the way,&quot;  sings the one-time Material Girl on &quot;I Deserve It.&quot;  Suddenly  Madonna doesn't seem so much like a glamour icon here as much as a  world-weary soul-searcher.<br />Style-wise the album is still punctuated  heavily with electronic loops and beats.  &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; is  an incredible sonic whirlwind, and &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; is headed  straight to the dance floor.  There is however more use of acoustical  guitar here though than on Ray of Light.  For the first few seconds of  &quot;Don't Tell Me,&quot; you would think you were listening to a John  Denver song until staccato beats punctuate the song to a magnificent  effect.  There is heavy use of vocal manipulation (ala Cher's  &quot;Believe&quot;) throughout the album.  Sometimes this is distracting,  as in &quot;Nobody's Perfect,&quot; a beautiful ballad that suffers from  over-production.<br />On Music, Madonna continues here collaboration with  electronic-mastermind William Orbit, as well as bringing in French artist  Mirwais to produce some songs.  On this album though, we the audience are  more familiar with electronica thanks to Ray of Light, so nothing seems as  new and shocking as than on that album.  Most of the songs are heavily  produced with beats and synthesizers, but they rarely mask the underlying  melodies and emotion.<br />All in all, Music is another highly accomplished  effort from Madonna, and one of her best albums.  High-tech wizardry aside,  this is still very much a Madonna album- sometimes light, sometimes  challenging, but always entertaining.  &quot;Selling out is not my  thing,&quot; she sings on &quot;Gone,&quot; and she hasn't.  More a  continuation of her foray into electronica than a new effort, this album  makes a nice bookend to Ray of Light, and it certainly deserves a spot in  your CD collection.rbit, as well as bringing in French artist  Mirwais to produce some songs.  On this album though, we the audience are  more familiar with electronica thanks to Ray of Light, so nothing seems as  new and shocking as than on that album.  Most of the songs are heavily  produced with beats and synthesizers, but they rarely mask the underlying  melodies and emotion.<br />All in all, Music is another highly accomplished  effort from Madonna, and one of her best albums.  High-tech wizardry aside,  this is still very much a Madonna album- sometimes light, sometimes  challenging, but always entertaining.  &quot;Selling out is not my  thing,&quot; she sings on &quot;Gone,&quot; and she hasn't.  More a  continuation of her foray into electronica than a new effort, this album  makes a nice bookend to Ray of Light, and it certainly deserves a spot in  your CD collection.
B000002UWE|5.0|Talk Talk remain a fairly obscure 80's synth band-turned-art/jazz band.  Their only top 40 hit was 1984's &quot;It's My Life&quot;, but that was a  great song, and I still hear it played on 80's radio stations. The band was  more sophisticated, musically, than other synth bands and they paid for it  by being less commercial. I have all of their cds: &quot;The Party's  Over&quot; (1982), &quot;It's My Life&quot; (1984), &quot;The Colour Of  Spring&quot; (1986), &quot;Spirit Of Eden&quot; (1988) and &quot;Laughing  Stock&quot; (1991). This hits compilation does not include anything from  &quot;Laughing Stock&quot;. Great melancholic synth-pop hits like  &quot;Such A Shame&quot;, &quot;Dum Dum Girl&quot;, &quot;It's My  Life&quot;, &quot;Life's What You Make It&quot;, &quot;Today&quot;,  &quot;Talk Talk&quot;, &quot;Happiness Is Easy&quot;, &quot;Tomorrow's  Started&quot; and &quot;I Believe In You&quot; display the band's depth and  range. I think this band would rank next to Echo and the Bunnymen, The  Church, The Call and bands of that nature. It's a good compilation by  itself, but you could just as easily buy the individual cds and be no worse  off.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|What are you waiting for? Buy it now!
0783231512|3.0|The charsimatic Al Pacino plays Frank Slade,a blind hot tempered vietnam  vet who is befriended by a college student Charlie, played by Chris  o`Donnell When Charlie needs some extra cash to go home for the hollidays  he takes on a job taking care of Frank but not realizing what he`s in for.  Frank takes Charlie on a trip to New York and the two men become the closet  of friends. A different turn on the father and son thing and Pacino did a  good job in trying to get his character across but it took too long over 2  hours to end a film of this rather unexplored subject and it was  unnesscary. Al Pacino won the Oscar for this role but in my mind it should  of gone to Clint Eastwood for UNFORGIVEN relaesed that same year.
B000000W5B|3.0|If not for the commercial success of the ballad &quot;Angie&quot;, this  would probably have been the Stones' most forgettable album, which is  somewhat unfair given that the band has previously given us five winners in  a row, those being 'Beggar's Bangquet' (1968); 'Let It Bleed' (1969);  'Sticky Fingers' (1971); the two-record 'Exile On Main Street' (1972); and  the live chronicle of the late-1969 tour stop at Madison Square Garden  contained on 'Get Your Ya-Ya's Out'.  By 1973, when GHS was released, the  touring and substance used must have taken its toll.  There are only three  essential songs here:  &quot;Angie&quot;, &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;, and the  Chuck Berry influenced &quot;Star Star&quot;.  The band would not reach  another peak until 1978's &quot;Some Girls&quot;, which brought them a new  generation of fans.
B00004RF98|5.0|The song in &quot;The Pirate&quot; is Cole Porter's &quot;Be A  Clown,&quot; not &quot;Make 'em Laugh.&quot; The two are similar, but  Arthur Freed wrote &quot;Make 'em Laugh.&quot; That part of the information  below is incorrect.<br />Video Annotation  Many of the dance sequences are an  homage to Busby Berkeley musicals. The song &quot;Make 'Em Laugh&quot; was  originally used in the film &quot;The Pirate.&quot; Color by Technicolor.  Additional credit: Wally Heglin (score orchestrator). The Voyager/Criterion  CAV laserdisc (CC1152L) includes: Original versions of songs performed by  other singers An audio commentary by Ron Haver The original theatrical  trailer --This text refers to another version of this video.
B000001DTM|5.0|This is my favorite CD by my favorite band. I also believe that it is one  of the great underrated masterpieces of the rock era. On Achtung Baby, U2  explore all the mysteries and vagaries that  come with love, pain and  obsession. &quot;Ultraviolet&quot; is a genre-smashing love anthem, while  &quot;Love is Blindness&quot; is haunting and ethereal. &quot;One&quot; is,  quite simply, one of the most beautiful and heartbreaking songs recorded.  If &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; was U2's homage to America, then  &quot;Achtung,Baby&quot; is about the pain of being human.
B00004TJTS|4.0|As my 5 1/2 year old was watching the new Buzz Lightyear video for the  fourth time in a row, I gave up on trying to get him to watch My Dog Skip,  due back the next day.  I just added the former to his &quot;birthday  list&quot;, put him to bed, and enjoyed the latter myself.  I found it  lovely and poignant and heartwarming, but also painful in a way my child is  too young to handle.      We both love animals a great deal, and there are  scenes that called for 2 boxes of tissues, at least.  Add to that your own  child's understanding of and experiences with death, and you get the gist.   Our aged dogs both passed away over the last year, and my child still talks  about and misses his favorite one all the time.  I loved this movie, but  was deeply grateful that my son had been too obsessed with Buzz to watch  what would have been too painful and difficult a movie for him, until  perhaps age 10 or 11.  When I looked at the movie's display box later, I  saw the PG-13 rating for the first time.  I'll pay more attention next  time, and yes, I learned my lesson about prescreening what he watches.  See  this one with your middle-schooler or older child.
B000002I77|5.0|Possibly the fastest guitar playing i have ever heard. bolin's control  over his guitar is clearly as good as it gets. of course, one must not  finish writing without mentioning the great composition and drumming of one  of the MASTERS of fusion music... Mr. Billy Cobham. this album is full of  talent. BUY IT NOW
B0000057C5|5.0|The best cd I have listened to. Awesome guiters, awesome head banger, I  recomend this cd if you like MInistry, or Rob Zombie.I have Live aus berlin  but its not as heavy and it takes to long for the song to actually get  good.
0312243022|5.0|This book was suggested to me while talking to someone about Virginia  Woolf.  The suggestion was that I read &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; prior to  reading &quot;The Hours&quot;.  What I wonderful suggestion.  I thoroughly  enjoyed both books.  Be sure to read or re-read &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;.  &quot;The Hours&quot; is tied with &quot;Nudist on Late Shift&quot; as my  favorite book read this year.
B000002UAX|5.0|Released in 1968, the White Album demonstrates the many musical styles the  Beatles were capable in. This album demonstrates familiarity with styles  from Hard Rock (eg Helter Skelter) to gentle ballads (Good Night). Also  demonstrated is their increasing use of recording techniques including  sampling and multi-tracking.<br />The album does appear to be a bit of a  self-satire, and I could not help feel that the Beatles were laughing at  themselves for some of this album. Bungalow Bill and Happiness is a Warm  Gun for example are quite humorous examples of this. <br />This is an  excellent album, when the Beatles were good, as they are throughout this  album, they were better than anyone else.
6305903182|5.0|Sequels, whether the movie is a horror film or something else, almost  always disappoint the audience.  Only once in a great while does a sequel  surpass the quality of the original film.  This film, the third and  supposedly final film in the Scream series, is actually one of those films.   As great as Scream was, Scream 3 is better.  It's one of those films that  I can watch again and again without taking away any of the enjoyment or  suspense.<br />The usual suspects are in this film  -  Campbell as Sidney, Cox  as Gail, Arquette as Dewey... and there are a few fresh faces, too  -   Jenny McCarthy as the  bimbo actress in the film within the film,  &quot;Puddy&quot; from &quot;Seinfeld&quot; as a macho bodyguard, and  Parker Posey in an extremely funny role as the actress playing Gail  Weathers in &quot;Stab 3&quot;, among others.  This film also features a  few surprise cameos that I really enjoyed... like Carrie Fisher and Jay  &amp; Silent Bob from the Kevin Smith films.<br />It's a perfect closing  chapter to a movie that redefined the horror genre.  I recommend it to  horror movie fans nationwide.  BUY THIS FILM NOW DAMNIT!  :)
B0000089GM|5.0|I first bought this album on the recommendation of a coworker.  Bought it  for 13$ though!  The only bad thing about the album is the messed up  English translations.  &quot;You Have&quot; and &quot;Angel&quot; (aka  &quot;Du Hast&quot; and &quot;Engel&quot;) should have been left in  German.<br />Now the good stuff.  The album opens with Sehnsucht, a great  opener.  Engel and Tier keep the adrenaline flow constant, and Bestrafe  Mich calms the calamity down a little, but not enough for a lack of fun.   Du Hast explodes the stereo flavor, then Buck Dich and Spiel Mit Mir bring  you to the dark side of Rammstein.  Klavier and Alter Mann calm the nerves  just sweetly, letting you relax before the finale, Kuss Mich (Fellfrosch).   Personally, I believe that the entire album just plain out rocks.  The  guitars are beautifully creative, the bass (while lacking slightly) keeps  the flow steady, the drums and synths make the mix even more tasty, and  Till's voice (as demonically crazed as it can sound at times) adds more to  the mood (esp. Klavier and Spiel Mit Mir).<br />If you do get this album (you  WILL get Sehnsucht!!), I'd also recommend their first, Herzeleid, and the  acclaimed Live Aus Berlin.  When their next album comes out, you'd better  get that too!
B00000IAU3|5.0|First heard about Dido from Eminem's song &quot;Dear Stan&quot;. Then,  &quot;Here with Me&quot; piqued my interest. Several websites and mp3's  later, I'm so awed by her songs that I went to buy the CD.<br />Favorite song  in the CD is &quot;Hunter&quot;. It's a faster paced song in the album that  features a cool acoustic guitar track and good vocals.<br />&quot;Don't think  of me&quot; is another song that is well written lyrically and musically.  It's mixed with some playfulness in how she sings it which is especially  evident when she performed live with only bongo drums.<br />The album is well  laid out with the first 3 tracks coming out with an upbeat pace and then  settling down to slower and more relaxing ones and finally ending with a  slighly upbeat and a dreamy &quot;Take My Hand&quot;.<br />Drawing  comparisons, I would say that Dido is a more upbeat Sarah Mclachlan (she  would be great if she featured more guitars) with a fresh musical style and  European mood.
B00004W55E|5.0|I heard just a couple of songs from this album and just knew I had to get  it.  8 years is way to long for a outstanding artist like herself to stay  away from the music world.  If you loved her first album you will love this  one.  I highly encourage anyone who doesn't know anything about Rachelle  and who has a ear for talent to check out RACHELLE FERRELL!
0375704027|4.0|If you think Murakami can only write about the weird things in life, then  be prepared to be shocked by this deceptively simple tale of young love in  modern Japan.  Similar in tone to the recent &quot;South of the Border,  West of the Sun&quot;, though written many years earlier, this won't dazzle  you with its invention, but Murakami's deadpan, heartfelt style fills the  book with more feeling and heartbreak that amply makes up for its  simplicity.
B000002UZ6|5.0|This compilation brings together her very finest work and this album  ranges from good to thoroughly excellent. Turners' powerful, roaring vocals  is as stunning as ever! The title track is one of her most famous from her  entire catologue. As well as that there are many other notable big hits  included such as PRIVATE DANCER, RIVER DEEP,MOUNTAIN HIGH, NUTBUSH CITY and  STEAMY WINDOWS. An excellent compilation representing a woman who deserves  nothing but admiration for her succesful, longstanding career. Highly  recommended!
B000004286|4.0|Not really a soundtrack, its more a score of the film, and it fulfills  that duty well.  The music can get your heart pumping with excitement as  your mind flashes with scenes from the movie.  Listen to some of the battle  songs while you're in traffic.  Or maybe not... This CD allows you to enter  the movie that you love without having to watch it.  Its then able to  combine your imagination while you remember the scenes with the music  itself, definately one of the better film scores of the 1990s.
B000002LGQ|5.0|Madonna delivered one of her all time classics in 1989 with the  magnificent tile track of this album, LIKE A PRAYER which came complete  with a video that caused  much contoversy at the time of release. As well  as that superb track which is perharps the very best cut on the album there  are a string of other fine classics - the stomping dance anthem, EXPRESS  YOURSELF, the sugary sweet, DEAR JESSIE, another pumping dance tune, KEEP  IT TOGETHER and the more laid back, CHERISH.  The albums cuts are - as  always - very unique and Madonna never disappoints throughout. Highlights  include PRAY FOR THE SPANISH EYES, LOVE STORY and TILL DEATH DO US PART.  Madonna had developed and established her unique style by the time this  fabulous collection of songs was released and her career continues to go  from strength to strength. This album is her best of all her 1980's  recordings. Highly recommended.
B00003CX95|5.0|Finally the DVD is released.  I suppose it was well planned waiting for a  few years so that its release would once again get popular.  The movie is a  classic, I consider it essential viewing if you enjoy movies about  anything, whether it be love, action, drama, etc... Some of the best  choreographed large scale battle scenes since Sparticus, Braveheart  utilizes its film location well along with amazing acting.  Although when  you've seen this movie as many times as I have you get to see some rather  comical mistakes in the editing (like Mel Gibson carrying 3 weapons in one  hand into one of the battles as he charges the English) this movie is so  moving and well done it will leave you speechless yet very proud as the end  credits roll.
0375704027|5.0|While not as complex and creepy as &quot;The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle&quot;,  &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; is far more affecting, and set me off on a  Murakami kick. Although some seem to dismiss the book as a simple love  story, Murakami's penetrating eye raises it above potboiler status. Toru's  travails are ultimately universal, despite the iconoclastic story-telling,  replete with Murakami's usual quirks. The greatest thing about the book, I  think, is the gentleness of it, the silence. Even though it is chock-full  of Western references (beginning with the title), the book has the  simplicity and inevitable quality of a Japanese brush painting. And it only  took fifteen years for an authorized English translation...
1572523875|5.0|Andrew Sarris once drew the ire of fellow cinephiles when he called LOLA  MONTES the greatest movie ever made.  He eventually recanted, but, as with  so many of his prouncements, he was pretty damn close to the truth.  If it  isn't the greatest, it must rank somewhere in the top ten or fifteen.  Most  critics were judging a harshly butchered version of the film with about  half an hour or so missing.  A few years later that footage was restored,  and the film began getting its critical due.<br />One of the criticisms  directed at the movie was Ophuls's casting of Martine Carol in the title  role.  She is a beautiful woman but does lack some of the magnetism one  would think it would take to win the affections of the likes of Franz Liszt  and the king of Bavaria.  Still Martine has her moments of fiery display,  and she's not totally unconvincing.  But any lapse in her performance is  more than compensated for by Ophuls's luscious baroque treatment of the  story, the glorious settings, color, costumes, music, and his trademark  moving camerawork.  Has there ever been a more deliciously vertiginous  movie than this one, with the camera limning the ups and downs of Lola's  turbulent, triumphant, sad life?  Probably not.  Ultimately LOLA is a sad  movie but thrilling nonetheless.  Once you've seen it you will be compelled  to watch it a least a dozen more times to catch all the magic the director  is working onscreen.  (If you can, be sure to see this in widescreen, which  preserves the integrity of Ophuls's expansive vision.)<br />And my choice of  the greatest movie ever made (as if anyone cared)?  Not LOLA MONTES but  another Ophuls masterwork - the ravishing EARRINGS OF MADAME DE....
B00003CX5P|5.0|Just a quick thought:  So many people are commenting on Star Wars PM as if the special effects are so horrible.  I'd like to point out that in a good  theater that movie was so mind numbing that you walked out saying  &quot;whoa&quot;.  Sure the plot was to be desired a bit, but were we  really expecting to get the entire saga in episode-i? I don't own a vcr  anymore, it broke a couple months back, and I don't care.  A movie like  SW-PM is meant for a great theater or DVD. Respect the movie for its  amazing effects, and a saga that has become a part of american culture.  It  truly is a spectical in itself with or without the dreaded and silly Jar  Jar. I can't even fathom why one would buy this movie on VHS. It would be  like watching the Matrix on VHS:  these movies just aren't the same.
B00003CWTH|5.0|As another reviewer stated: we all have the right to our opinions, and art  IS subjective.  I'm not going to try to refute that, but I must throw my  opinion of this movie into the mix.  My friend and I both watched this  movie for the second time and agreed that it only gets better after  multiple viewings.<br />The tale that Andersen weaves has so many different  dimensions - the complex themes and character development take time to  fully comprehend.  True, most of the characters in this film are  dysfunctional, and the language is terrible (and this does disturb people,  like my mother.  I love her dearly and respect her opinion, but she hated  American Beauty because it was too dysfunctional), but these negative  qualities have their purpose.  I walked away from the movie with the  message that - yes, these things do happen.  And yes, people are like this  - disturbed, troubled, confused, and not entirely likable all the time.   But real question is this: &quot;How do we deal with it - with life?  How  much can we forgive?&quot;  I don't know the answer to that question.  True  art makes you think a bit and helps you see the beauty in even the rough  parts of life.<br />About the aesthetic appeal of the movie - the camera style  was choppy, but for me this only contributed to the urgency of the film.   The fast pace made me question what was going on and what was going to  happen next.  And the three hours just flew right by.  Additionally, the  shots of Julianne Moore in the car (looking like death itself) and Stanley  looking out the window as frogs pour down outside struck me as particularly  beautiful.  They could hang on a wall in an art gallery.  Aimee Mann's  soundtrack played an integral role and helped create a definite mood.   Basically, nothing was superfluous - everything contributed to the overall  artistic vision and meaning of the film.<br />I could go off for ages about  how much I love this movie and this director, but I've rambled long enough.Go watch it yourself; nobody else can make up your mind for you.
1573226521|5.0|Garland's prose is slow and seductive; it's easy to be lulled into  thinking that there's really not that much to this novel.  People jump on  comparisons to other works, emphasizing the wrong things.  I see more of a  connection to Palahniuk (or Pynchon, or Vonnegut) than Golding.  This novel  is about a quest for meaning, for authentic experience.  What the main  character, Richard, has learned from movies of the Vietnam War and video  games is that life must be dangerous to be real, worthwhile, that what  we're really missing in our lives is a great war, a great opportunity to  prove how heroic we are.  Civilization is slowly swallowing up every  challenge out there as well as Edenic paradises.  It seems like everything  has been done, and standing on the shoulders of giants does tend to leave  people cold.<br />The next paragraph of this review could be considered a  SPOILER of sorts.<br />The story, as told by Richard a few years afterwards,  builds, promising a mind-blowing, horrific climax, which doesn't quite pan  out, yet Richard acts as if it did.  This novel is Richard showing off his  scars trying to prove to himself that he's faced death, he's faced  insanity, faced horror, impossible odds, because he feels that that  justifies his existence, makes him real.  One might even argue that Richard  and not Garland that is using the Daffy bits as a literary embellishment -  probably not successfully, but I find it an interesting possibility.<br />Even  beyond all that, this is a great story and it's told well.  It's not a  short novel, and though the plot doesn't move very quickly, it is an easy  novel to read.<br />Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go do the dishes.
6302787122|4.0|Yes, yes, yes, The Return of Martin Guerre is richer, more textured,  more...believable. But what is up with the criticism of this beautiful  commercial Hollywood-ized version?  The characters portrayed by Jodie  Foster and Richard Gere, as - perhaps - strangers, or -- husband and wife  -- circa Civil War era has the gloss and emotion of a four-hankie 40s  melodrama.  The performances of all of the players are superb, and the  tense, romantic, suspensful build-up to the truthful revelations, which  include salvation and love, is handled with  taste and beauty. The musical  score provides one of those old-fashioned, almost bombastic themes that  signals heartbreak, and there are many of them in this movie.  If you love  to cry at the movies, you will love this film.
6305291489|5.0|My wife loved the original Parent Trap and has watched it counteless times.  When the new one was released we assumed that, like most re-makes,  it would not be as good.  It's actually as good if not better.  We've  probably watched the new one 10 times now and each time we enjoy it  more(and my wife laughs hysterically and cries at all of the same places).   It's one of the few movies to be released lately that contains no violence,  sexual innuendos, or foul language.  Our daughter, who's not even two yet,  even loves to watch this film.
0767849493|5.0|The movie Dogma is a hilarious expedition into the unshown (well, maybe Monty Python might provide a bit of this type of movie...) where two fallen  angels find a loophole to get back into Heaven, but will end up unravelling  existance by proving God fallible. So the Voice of God visits Bethany  Sloane charging her with the mission of stopping the renagade angels. She  meets up with two prophets (?) Jay and Silient Bob, the thirteenth Aposale,  Rufus, and the muse Serindipity against the two angels, and the big cheese  behind the whole scheme, Azriel, a fallen muse. And remember, God has a  sense of humor, after all, he created the platypus!
0375804013|5.0|This book combines three elements that make for a great children's book: suspense, a loveable character, and audience participation.  Kids love the  wacky situations Grover ends up in as he tries at all costs to avoid the  MONSTER AT THE END OF THIS BOOK.  A great addition to any picture book  collection.
B000002MG1|5.0|Automatic for the people and monster help to mark where this great band  hit its highest points. Every song on this album sound great and when put  toghether, the album will give you years of listening pleasure like it has  done with me. Rarely Have I been this impressed with an albu, I would give  this album 6stars but i can't do that. The best tracks on the album include  everybody hurts, nightswimming, try not breathe and drive.
068484267X|5.0|One of the more compelling books I have read in many years.   Heartbreakingly grim in its description of McCourt's childhood, yet without  self-pity or regret.  His sense of humor and umistakably Irish prose made  it a true joy to read.  I hated finishing it because I felt as though I had  lost a good friend.  A great read throughout, as is 'Tis.
B000002J03|5.0|Led Zepplin 2 helps to show the band at its peak and helps to create a  hard rock sound based on American blues. From Whole lotta love to bring it  on home, this album keeps a hard rock pace and it is easy to understand why  this is such an influencal hard rock album. The best tracks on the album  are whole lotta loave, ramble on and living love maid.
B00004T37H|5.0|I think it has been pretty well established that this is a fantastic  movie, so I'll skip the gushing and try to tell you what makes this movie  great, as opposed to merely entertaining.  First of all, the entire film is  genuinely startling in it's originality, and not something you would ever  see in an American-made film.  Also, it's good to know that although this  movie does have a fair amount of violence in it, unlike most anime films it  isn't all that graphic, (except in one scene at about the twenty minute  mark) and the violence only serves to further the story, and not vice  versa.  It's also interesting to note that this is a somewhat feminist  story.  If you've watched anime before, you probably know how poorly the  female characters are treated.  This one perhaps consciously avoids that,  and actually makes the two major women in the movie figures of authority.  This is not to say that it seems to be going out of it's way; it's just  interesting in retrospect.  Oh, and if you're worried about buying an  English of the original Japanese film, don't worry at all.  Not only do the  mouth movements of the character match the dialogue, but the dialogue  actually feels very fluid, in sharp contrast to most anime translations.   And the voice acting is excellent, especially by Billy Crudup and Minnie  Driver.  All things considered, I can't imagine why anyone who likes  animation not loving this movie.  It is easily among the best animated  films ever made.
6305537798|4.0|Though most of the teen movies out there are bad (loser, she's all that, I  know what you did last summer), ten things I hate about stands as out as a  well written well thought out movie that will please teens as well those  who are not teens. This is movie is actually a decent romantic movie like  high fidelity and keeping the faith. I liked to see a group of young actos  playing this modern day adaptation of taming the schrew.
B00000ILDF|4.0|I cannot express how RIGHT ON director David Fincher was on this one. The  mood and atmosphere are so dark,tense and decidedly  \\"cyberpunk\\"that they practically upstage the actors (who are  mostly unknowns and perfectly cast). The art direction is incredible and  this is one of the few \\"sci-fi\\" films I've seen that actualy  manages to portray a believable future.The fact that there are no weapons  only serves to heighten the drama. Being a fan of \\"city of lost  children\\", I expected the fourth and most recent installment to be on  par with if not exceed Fincher's. Instead,it simply revisited all the  settings and technology we'd become familiar with in the previous films.  Alien 3 is a real departure and deserves much applause. The ending is a  real shocker as well, and is exactly what i didn't expect from  Hollywood...of course, they found a way to keep the franchise alive...
B000002J09|5.0|After listening to this album many times, I still want to keep on  listening to it. Songs like black dog and rock and roll help to show jimmy  page's guitar abilities while when the levee breaks helps to showcase john  bonhaim's drumming skills. Of course, stairway to heaven is on this album,  although not my favorite led zepplin song, it not heard to figure out why  this became a classic.
B000002BE9|5.0|I had never heard of Fiona Apple when a friend sent me a cassette of  Tidal. For some reason I was skeptical, but while listening to it, I found  that the jaded, sharp lyrics were poetry to which most people who have  experienced heartbreak, tragedy of any sort can relate. Fionas voice is a  dusky, sultry voice imbued with understated passion, conviction, and  experience.
0783242808|3.0|I was expecting this movie to be as funny as there's something about mary  or the waterboy. This movie was overated but it sill is a decent comedy  though, though not the best teen comedy (10things I hate about you is  better) out there. However, it's still fun to have around to watch once in  a while
B00004U9MS|4.0|I mistakenly wrote in my initial review that I did not hear the Radiohead  influence but heard Radiohead. I meant to say I could definitely hear some  Jeff Buckley influence.
B000002UD0|5.0|in the beginning there was a group that went on to change the world. From  that band came four men who would continue to change the world but each  with varying successes. Some might say that Paul McCartney had the greatest  influence writing songs whilst sitting in a farm house in Scotlland with no  pressures from his Government to kick him out of the Country. Some might  say that George Harrison might have changed the world whilst sitting in a  big house in the Countryside. Ringo, well he was always the cutest of the  Beatles and although a nice funny man i think that he would have trouble  changing a lightbulb by himself instead of the world. John at the time of  writing Walls and Brdges had so much going on his life that the  pressures  must have been intollerable so that is why the album is so great. The words  behind the songs seem to reflect more about the world around him  that thye  would have done if he was in a group that tried to be all to all men. From  Bless You to Nobody loves You When You Are Down and Out scream help in a  better way that he had ever done before. From  his nights out with Harry  Nilseen to his affair with May Pang and his yearning to be back with Yoko.  There are catchy tunes that could be wistled until the end of time in #9  and Going Down on Love. this album would be maybe not the first John Lennon  album to buy but it would certainly be in the top   three. A good and  reliable song writer who always spoke about himself and his world in a way  that could easily mirror our own love and lives.
B00000JCB2|5.0|this cd is so amazing. every song on this cd is amazing and you can listen  to this album straight through. this cd is better then 3 dollar and is a  must buy for all hip-hop and rock fans
6305263299|5.0|Of the three great Herzog / Kinski / Popol Vuh collaborations, (Aguirre  &amp; Fitzcarraldo being the others) I think this one is the most  successful.  The images and the music combine to make a movie full of  unforgettable moments.  More dreamy than scary, this movie is not to be  missed ---especially if you're fascinated by lousy housekeeping!
B0000024ZT|5.0|I enjoy listening to this CD.  I am impressed with eloquence of the  lyrics. Bruce Springsteen has been compared favourably to Bob Dylan and  Woodie Guthrie, and I endorse that comparison.  The problem I have with  writing about this album is that, regarding the lyrics, while it may not be  the best that Springsteen will become, it is so far ahead of anything I've  heard elsewhere, it is in a league of its own.  Most of what I hear from  others are lyrics; this man writes poetry.  First of all, there are enough  words here to fill up at least two albums. ;D  Second, Sprinsteen is aware  of diction, ennunciation and metre.  For example, please consider this  verse from FOR YOU:<br />And your strength is devastating<br />in the face of all  these odds.<br />Remember how I kept you waiting<br />when it was my turn to be  the god?<br />There is more here than what is said.  Further, the metre is  clear enough that I can sense the beat of the song it will be a part of.   Bruce can RAP with the best.  Penetrating, perpetual punctuating prose is  his speciality.  Dodge this sharp jab if you can, from BLINDED BY THE  LIGHT:<br />Some silicone sister <br />with her manager mister<br />told me I got  what it takes.<br />Indeed he does.  The sentence starts out fast and ends  slowly.  Alittle alliteration goes a long way, on the tongue of this poet.   The phrases &quot;silicon sister&quot; and &quot;manager mister&quot; are  sardonic to the point of presenting the statement &quot;I got what it  takes&quot; as dubious or insincere.  At the very least, I sense some  manipulation going on.   So, while I agree that Mr Sprinsteen would go on  to write even better songs, and yes, there are songs that seem to fall  short on this album, it is still extremely worthwhile for its lyrical  content.  If you are interested in poetry in rock 'n roll music, or music  with a great beat that says something meaningful, this CD will interest  you.
B000000LZV|5.0|In the spirit of D.Boon, I'll keep this short: It's as good as everyone  says. Better. Buy it right now.<br />(Consider getting the cassette rather  than the CD. The lower fidelity and lack of random access enhance rather  than diminish one's listening pleasure, I find. And, more importantly,  YOU'LL GET ALL THE SONGS! I mean, Jesus, would you trim six feet off of  &quot;Guernica&quot; because it didn't fit into your exhibition space?)
6304082428|5.0|I was AMAZED at the quality of this film when I first watched it. I am  usually very critical of movies taken from books, and  most often refuse to  see a movie that was originally a book, especially a book I admired  greatly. For the most part, I believe I am justified in this, having been  disappointed MANY times over changes, etc., that producers and  scriptwriters make. Having read P&amp;P and loved it immensely, I nearly  rejected the idea of seeing a movie version, not expecting what I call no  less than a miracle! Often I find that it is difficult enough making a good  movie out of a marginal book, but it is nearly impossible to achieve a true  classic both times! The book is most definitely a classic, and the movie  (much to my surprise!) lived up to its predecessor! Even if you are usually  disappointed over movie versions, I can assure you, this will not let you  down! The producers must be MASTERS to have achieved this. Simply, amazing.
B0000027FQ|5.0|Why is this quite possibly the best heavy metal record ever made?<br />1)  These guys actually knew how to write songs (you know, with melodies and  lyrics and everything) and this set list could serve as their Greatest  Hits. Not a dud in the bunch.<br />2) Precision German engineering. God DAMN  this band was tight! Check out the synchronized sixteenth-notes on  &quot;Fast as a Shark&quot; and marvel.<br />3) Udo Dirkschneider made Brian  Johnson sound like Lou Rawls. Enough said.<br />4) Oh hell, it just rocks. Why  not buy it right now?
B00003CXE7|5.0|This 2 DVD special Edition set for release on 11/21 features DD 5.1 and  DTS 6.1 audio, anamorphic widescreen, audio commentary with Ridley Scott, a  number of making of featurettes, interview with composer Hans Zimmer,  Visual EFX featurette, a tribute to the late Oliver Reed, deleted scenes  with a Ridley Scott commentary, a 7 minute deleted scene montage with  special score by Hans Zimmer, and more!
B00004XPPB|5.0|I just loved this movie. Al Pacino is terriffic as usual. With this movie you enter the mafia world in New York during the 70's and it grows under  your skin. The scene where Johnny Depp try to explain to his collegues what  &quot;forget about it&quot; means is a masterpiece. The script is so good  that you'll want to see the movie again and again. I truly recommend it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I love this CD.  This CD is just total rock.  This is their best so far.   I hope Rage will make another CD as good as this.  If you don't have it,  pleaze, you need to purchase it!
1570423970|5.0|I recently bought this book and could not put it down until the very last  page.I thought it was beautifuly written and very suspenceful.I totally  identified with the story being told,having met up with my soulmates in  this life.I know what it's like to meet someone for the first time and  instantly feel like you've known this person all your life.Great book! A  must read.
B000001IQH|5.0|RANCID ARE JUST *TOTAL* PUNK! I LOVE THIS CD.  RANCID ARE JUST SUCH A  GREAT BAND.  THIS IS A TRUE PUNK BAND.  I CAN'T EXPLAIN HOW GOOD THIS BAND  IS! IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT, BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002BFZ|5.0|No Code's polarizing affect on people has always been a head-scratcher to  me.  Reactions are love or hate, never indifference; it's either your  favorite Pearl Jam record, or the point at which you lost interest in the  band.  I love the whole catalog, its vibrance, vitality, diversity, but  have to admit if faced with the decision which single Pearl Jam studio  recording I was going to take with me to a desert island, on most days it  would be No Code.<br />How can a record with &quot;Sometimes,&quot;  &quot;Hail, Hail,&quot;and &quot;Off He Goes&quot; be bad?  Those aren't  even my favorite sides (those would be &quot;Red Mosquito&quot; and the  Neil Young-eque (Young-ish?) &quot;Smile&quot;).  It even presents punk the  way I like it, short and sandwiched between songs completely different (I'm  not down on punk but it's like cilantro, a little goes a long way).<br />Much  is made of No Code's jarring transitions between various musical styles,  but this isn't Beefheart's Trout Mask Replica, folks--it's not that out  there and experimental.  It's what a great rock record should be:  raw and  vital, full of some of Ament's and Gossard's and McCready's best playing,  sometimes melodic and sometimes in-your-face, not always radio-friendly but  not always radio-hostile.<br />Time will show, I think, that No Code is not an  anomaly in the Pearl Jam catalog, but an integral part--and maybe even the  high point--of a great band's illustrious life.
6305823839|3.0|First off, what was the big deal about this film? What was so special that  it got Two Thumbs Up? This film is about a pair of junkies mainly Renton  played great by Ewan Macregor who just wants a hit. The film is not a dark  comedy with only a few short moments being funny. <br />Yes I know it was  supposed to be a drama. It was a real let down to me atleast. I had heard  alot about the film, I was hoping for a great one but I was mistold. <br />I  guess you could say this is just your average junkie film. The writers want  to make you feel sorry for them, but it just does not happen. The acting  was well, Sick Boy was a great character and the rest were fairly  good.<br />If you must see this film, do not get your hopes up. After a few  months I will watch the film again and see if my views have changed either  way. Sorry<br />Have a Nice LiFE!<br />Ryan
B000000WCX|4.0|David Bowie was always one of those artists who is far far better on  anthologies/greatest hits/singles/ compilations like  &quot;Changesbowie&quot; or &quot;The Singles: 1969-93&quot;, which make  him seem like the grand chameleon he is always portrayed as, without having  to wade through the boring dross which takes up the majority of his albums,  particularly after 1976's &quot;Low&quot;.  With  that said,  &quot;Earthling&quot; truly is a return to form, as if the man had woken up  from a deep slumber that began in the mid 80s and suddenly decided to come  out with all guns blasting again.  There are many reasons why Earthling is  his best album in twenty years (or more): the songs are among his best in  years, the techno elements (and I'm *not* a techno fan) are incorporated  ingeniously into the rock framework, and there are more than enough hints  of the classic Bowie sound now and again (ie. the piano solo in  &quot;Battle For Britain&quot; updates the one in &quot;Aladdin  Sane&quot;).  What you get here is one monster of an album, a  techno-prog-pop-rock stormburner that is filled with thunderous heavy riffs  and yet light on its dancing feet and pop choruses, with lots of unique  sounds and experimentation.  Not only that, but Bowie manages to keep up  the high spirits of the majestic opening number &quot;Little Wonder&quot;  throughout most of the rest of the album, in tracks like &quot;Looking For  Sattelites&quot; and the  wicked &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot;.   There is only *one* filler IMO, the languid &quot;The Last Thing You Should  Do&quot;; to make a point, if I was to choose which songs would go on an  anthology/compilation, I would choose *four*: &quot;Little Wonder&quot;,   &quot;Seven Years In Tibet&quot;, &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot;, and  &quot;I'm Afraid Of Americans&quot;.  And that's leaving out &quot;Battle  For Britain!!&quot;  This just might be Bowie's best of his career, after  &quot;Hunky Dory&quot;.
B000007VCO|5.0|The actual title for this magnificent work from Carlos Santana is  \\"Oneness: silver dreams~golden smiles\\" not \\"Reality\\"  and it is still unavailable in U.S. at this time.<br /><br />&lt;edit> I'm wrong..I always assumed the title was from the tune.<br />A rose by another name is still a rose.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|Frequency rocks. Dennis Quaid delivers like never before. This is a must see movie for anyone who's interested in changing-the-past stuff. Worth the  purchase.
B000002MFQ|5.0|Mike Oldfield has completely eclipsed his original Tubular Bells album  with this exquisite release!Played with a subtle yet obvious(as mike can  only do)reminder of his original seminal and hugely influential Tubular  Bells album,Mr.Oldfield has created the truly ultimate New Age album!With  this,the father of New Age has shown us all how it should really be  done.His absolute mastery of music and it's effect on the human condition  is fully captured on this must have disc for music lovers! Do not let this  one slip through your senses!
B00001QEBQ|5.0|The Huns are attacking China, and the wise and good Emperor has requested  that one man from each household join his army to protect the land.  Fa  Mulan's father, very conscious of the honor it is to serve the Emperor,  accepts this command, even though he is severely crippled.<br />Knowing her  father will die if he goes to war, Mulan steals his armor and disguises  herself as a man, taking his place in the army.  Joined by the cute  Cri-Kee, her horse, Khan, and a has-been dragon spirit named Mushu, Mulan  attempts to bring honor to her family, her Emperor, and herself.<br />The  Chinese theme of Mulan is played very strongly in the art, which is  reminiscent of Chinese watercolors.  The movie, though very stylized, has  the feeling of the classic Disney films.<br />The characters of Mulan and her  sidekicks are descent people trying desperately to solve a very serious  problem.  The audience can really sympathize with them, and cheer for them,  and cry for them...<br />The music is entertaining... More rock than  classical, but still with that Disney feel to it.  The musical numbers are  all well done and entertaining, and the score is wonderfully written.<br />The  lead male character/love interest, a soldier with a lineage of service in  the army, is fairly flat...  There's not much to him other than his  single-minded goal of beating the Huns out of China.<br />At some points,  Mulan does resort some fairly obvious pop humor, ala Aladdin, which breaks  the mood and reality of the story.  Some moments are played over the top,  comedy wise, and in general this does not help the movie.<br />The movie ends  rather abruptly, though it is on a high note.  There isn't much time for a  resolution to the tale, and the viewer may be left wanting more.  (Maybe  that's good for Disney....)<br />Overall Impression:  No question about it,  this is one Disney film that is worth owning.  The few bad points are far  outweighed by the good, and it is, as I have stated, a veryentertaining  movie.<br />Those of you with children...  There are some tense battle images  in this film.  On the flipside, Mulan is a good role model in that she  sacrifices her own desires to keep another person safe... What a good  message for the leaders of tomorrow!
B00004YTUI|5.0|Limp Bizkit is awesome, I wasn't a fan of theirs up until the second album  and Significant Other rocks the house. Alot of people say that the old  Bizkit was better, my answer to that is, who are the 'old' Bizkit? They've  been the same ever since their first release. I'm not gonna tell ya much  about this CD but think about it, for a few bucks extra you get the  Significant Other CD plus 4 new tracks not on the U.S. release, believe me  when I say that this is for the true Limp fan. Anyway, you are going to  find out for yourself what is on this CD, I know your saying, &quot;Why  doesn't he say, I really need to know.&quot; Well whatever they do it's  hot, I mean you've got &quot;Show Me what You Got&quot;, sure it's not CD  single  material; but it really could of been, &quot;Nookie&quot;,  &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot;, which is one of my  favorites, a completely funny intro and outro, and a handful of bonus  tracks, what more could you want? So if you missed picking up the U.S.  version of 'Other' you are one lucky fellow or fellowette. Anyway you slice  or dice it one thing's for sure and that is you cannot go wrong with Fred  Durst and Limp Bizkit. Later. Limp Bizkit Style Bay-Bay!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This a good, fun, album.  It has a good variety of punk style.  From the  fast pase punk of &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot;, to the slower catchy  rhythym of &quot;Why don't you get a job&quot;.  The best song is &quot;The  kids aren't allright&quot;, its got a great tune, as you probably know if  you've heard it on the radio.  The whole album isn't exactly what you would  call amazingly written music, but it's still a great, upbeat, fun, cd.  Get  it if you like that sort of style, if you like more traditional rock, don't  get this album.
B000001EYW|5.0|I've always been a faithfull Bee Gees fan.I fell in love with all of them  in '77, and since then and as far as music is concerned, I will always put  them on one side and the rest of the music world on the other. It took me  years to understand what they were trying to tell me. I know I'm explaining  myself badly, but this is what I felt when I really started listening to  their album &quot;One&quot;. their intelligence and ability to communicate  with their listeners and to tell them what's inside their souls makes them  the best psychoanalysts in the world, possibly without their being aware of  it. Buying their &quot;Still Waters&quot; album did nothing more than  simply reinforce my faith and in them. It takes intelligence, integrity  honesty and enough understanding of what's going on inside your mind to  become a Bee Gees fan. I love them and I feel that I unerstand them better  now than I ever did before. Maurice's amazing ability in writing classic  music in the dynamic &quot;Be who you are&quot; from their album  &quot;Living Eyes&quot; speaks for itself. My favorite song of all time is  &quot;Spirits Having Flown&quot; and if you want to know who I am, just  listen to it, but I'm willing to die I thousand deaths for all the songs in  &quot;Still Waters&quot;. Robin is a real heartbreaker in  &quot;Bodyguard&quot; from their album &quot;One&quot; and no vocalist that  I ever listened to has the same ability to display anguish,desperation,  helplessness and strength of emotion. But Barry is the greatest. He was  really mind-shattering in &quot;The Hunter&quot;  and &quot;Stay  Alone&quot; from his album &quot;Now Voyager&quot;. I consider all Bee Gees  fans my friends. please write to me. I still have alot to say about the Bee  Gees.
6305842442|5.0|It is laughable that anyone would prefer the original version of Blade  Runner (i.e. the studio's vision of the movie.) The theatrical version  represented everything that is bad about Hollywood: studio execs that were  too stupid/pig-headed to trust a brilliant director's judgment; they  assumed that the audience was too stupid to follow the story so they put in  an insipid narration to lead the audience along by the hand, they thought  that the audience would be upset or unable to accept the fact that maybe  Decker was, himself, a replicant so they cut out the unicorn dream and  worst of all they added on an &quot;everyone goes home happy&quot; ending  which virtually ruined the dark theme of the whole movie.<br /> Blade Runner,  in the Director's Cut is a true Sci-Fi classic. Watch Scott's true vision  of the film on DVD and hope that the original theatrical version has been  burned, never to be seen again.<br /> As for the original DVD, its content is  a big disappointment. The picture and sound are good (though the soundtrack  is only DD2.0), but there is NO bonus material. Hopefully this new edition  adds some on-disk material in addition to the cards/poster/etc.
B00003CX6P|1.0|Utterly ridiculous movie with one of the most contrived stories I've seen  in a long time.  There are far too many things that don't make sense and  exist only to provide later plot points.  And to top it off the movie stops  at the most contrived points as if to stand up and shout &quot;Look how  clever I am!&quot;.  Complete waste of a very talented cast.
B000002TWN|5.0|It's hard to find an album that you can just put on a cd player and  &quot;let go&quot;. This is such an album. Voodoo is a great album as well,  but is different from Brown Sugar. The only thing that is better that  hearing D'Angelo was seeing him live in concert. The man puts on a show as  if it was his last. He brings joy to people of all ages and races, which in  itself is priceless. Thank God.
6302968143|5.0|I have never been able to understand why this movie did so badly at the  box office.  Not only does it have a rather original plot, but the ambience  is terrific!  Great photography and Halloween atmosphere.  But it has two  other things going for it that I especially found refreshing.  The young  boy who brings the witches back can only do so because it takes a virgin to  light the black flame candle.  It was so lovely to see a movie celebrating  male virginity without snickering.  The other plus is the fact that despite  his considering his little sister a nuisance in the beginning, he later  risks his life to save her.  The sibling tie was very strong and I found  this a positive role model for all kids to see.  The three witches are  wonderful. Yes, it's a little gory for young kids, but it's fantasy after  all.  As an adult, I loved it and watch it every Halloween.
6304178352|4.0|I love this movie. The first time I saw it I hated it, but it's the sort  that sticks in your mind and grows on you until you absolutely love it.  You'll love &quot;Just you wait, Enry Iggins.&quot; :) My name is Eliza and  this movie makes it so much easier for people to remember. After a few  times of people telling me &quot;your name is so uncommon it's hard to  remember.&quot; I just say &quot;have you ever seen My Fair Lady? When you  see me, just think of the film and you won't forget anymore. :) My great  grandfathers last name was 'Higgins' so I like to joke with my friends  about being a grand daughter of Eliza if she ever actually married that  selfish old geek. :)
B0000041Z5|5.0|I used to like Brahms a lot.  Lately I've been listening to this set,  particularly the 1st Symphony, and my opinion has changed. Now I am in  absolute awe of him.  Why has this collection changed my mind?  In one  word:  bass.  The low register instruments, especially the basses and  cellos, stand strongly in these recordings, and the result is I'm  discovering a *lot* of depth to the composition that had escaped me before.   Brahms turns out to be a much better composer than other recordings had  let me discover before.  In certain passages, I focus totally on the low  strings, just to see what they're up to, and I'm richly rewarded.  Then I  go back to some of my previous Brahms' recordings, and I can barely hear  the same wonderful passages.  Very disappointing!<br />Aside from the  wonderful mix, everything else is quite fine.  The tempos are crisp, the  orchestra sounds magnificent, just right on.<br />Finally, Solti should NOT be  commended for including the exposition repeats.  Instead, other conductors  should be cursed and shunned for ever omitting them.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic was the best movie I ever seen. It was a romantic and full of  action movie. Leonardo Dicaprio(Jack) was a not so rich man that fell in  love with a rich beautiful girl named Rose(Kate Winslet). They were joined  by fate by a lucky hand of poker cards, where Jack won his ticket to  Titanic also known as &quot;The Ship of Dreams&quot;. Jack and Rose met  because Rose was trying to commit suicide off the back off the ship and  Jack saved her. Then he showed her that even though that you didn't have  that much money there was still alot of things you could do have. I guess  you could say Rose fell in love with his charming looks and his great out  look on life. In the meantime of their passionate love affair her fiance  gave her a heart shaped necklace known as &quot;The Heart Of The  Ocean&quot;. Then the next night the ship hit an iceberg in the frigid  North Atlantic ocean and the ship was sinking. About 1,500 people went into  the the sea when Titanic sank. Only seven hundred people were saved out of  1,500. Afterward the seven hundred people in the boats had nothing to do  but wait, wait to die, wait to live, wait for an absolution which never  came. That was all Titanic was about.
0446608955|4.0|This is not a story with happy-ending. I felt so sad after reading it.  Jamie's such a nice girl and I can never understand why such a fate  happened to her. <br />Life is always like that? Bad things happen to good  guys?<br />A fifty-seven old man telling a story of his past, every detail is  still vividly appeared in sight. And in the latter part of the story, I  just could not help but cried. <br />I am always amazed by Nicholas Sparks'  writings. For those who love this book, I would like to recommend another  novel by him called 'The Notebook'.
B000002UTT|5.0|Although this album was release in 1988, the songs still hold their own  even today. Even now, after listening to numerous bands including today pop  sensations such as N'sync or Britney Spears, Roxette still sounds a WHOLE  lot better. Some of my favorite songs include The Look, Dress for Success,  Dangerous, and Listen to your heart. I highly recommend this album, you  won't be disappointed.
B000002HAF|5.0|i don't know about yous, but being a lowly high school student, this album  makes me feel so good. where is my mind (track 7) is up there with this  belle &amp; sebastion song (oh get me away from here) for best high school  song. i swear, i'm going to make a soundtrack for high school one day, and  that song will be on it. (where is my brain, drifting through the water..)  i sing that song while i'm taking finals, the teachers get all riled up,  it's really fun. realizing this review is worthless i'm going to quit  now...
B000005J56|5.0|This CD is so awesome that I have been buying at as gifts for friends,  trying to spread this special music.  Ry Cooder is a genius for exposing  this group of old, almost forgotten musicians in Cuba.  I listen to the CD  at least an hour a day, it is very addictive.  The DVD is equally as good  for seeing the whole project in motion.
B00000064G|5.0|realizing there are a plethra of reviews for this album, i will humbly add  my awe and amazement for nick drake. i wish he would've stuck around longer  to make more music. i discovered him after a leonard cohen phase, and was  very impressed. the tracks played through my head continuously...they  wouldn't stop, nor did i want them too. this album is hauntingly beautiful,  and a must have for anyone who has ever felt sad or lonely or strangely  melancholic.
6305426651|5.0|This movie was incredible. It's a shame that it was released in such a  competitive Oscar year. Nevertheless, Roberto Benigni gave an amazing  performance as Guido, and received support from the lovely Nicholetta  Braschi and the very talented Giorgio Cantarini, who gave quite a  performance for someone so young. This movie left me speechless. I expected  a film that focused on the concentration camps and persecution of Jews.  Yes, I did get that, but I also got a beautiful love story and an  unforgettable tale of the power of imagination and a father's love for his  son. I highly suggest viewing the subtitled version, as the Italian  language is simply beautiful. This is one foreign movie that not only made  an impact on the US box office, but internationally as well - and with good  cause. A film not to be missed.
B000002HH2|5.0|I was first introduced to Bjork when a friend of mine had to write an  essay for religion class on what he thought was god. He wrote about Bjork.  I watched all her videos and soon copied Post. This album ruled my life; I  listened to Possibly Maybe at least 5 times a day plus when I woke up and  went to sleep. This madness is beautiful, touching, terrifying. Evoking  feelings and thoughts that don't even know existed. This is definately one  of the best cds out there, a classic.
B00001ZWBQ|2.0|I rate this concert 2 stars. I would give it 4.5 stars if the DTS sound  was anything like it should be. My stereo system is all kenwood top of the  line with 4 grand in jamo speakers and all my other DTS movies and concerts  on DVD sound great. This DVD in DTS sounds like ?hit. That Is all I have to  say and that is that. DO NOT I MEAN DO NOT BUY IT FOR THE SOUND. If you buy  this buy it cause you like the band but not for the sound. If you want good  DTS music buy roy orbison black and white you will love it.
B000002U82|5.0|What is there really left to say about Dark Side of the Moon, really? Pink  Floyd took their own innovative psychedelic/surrealist approach to music  and applied it to human emotions and frustrations, humbling all things said  before on the subject and creating a truly sensory experience. It's rich in  musical textures intricately placed and brakes the barrier of all ideas  previous on technology's involvement in rock music It's seemingly flawless.  What's even more impressive? The next album is just as good.
B00001ZWBQ|2.0|I rate this concert 2 stars. I would give it 4.5 stars if the DTS sound  was anything like it should be. My stereo system is all kenwood top of the  line with 4 grand in jamo speakers and all my other DTS movies and concerts  on DVD sound great. This DVD in DTS sounds like ?hit. That Is all I have to  say and that is that. DO NOT I MEAN DO NOT BUY IT FOR THE SOUND. If you buy  this buy it cause you like the band but not for the sound. If you want good  DTS music buy roy orbison black and white you will love it.
031286504X|5.0|What would you do, if a mysterious plague swept throughout the world,  literally killing everyone off, but leaving in its place something new,  something frightening, something downright horrible, while leaving you  alive, immune and seemingly alone? What would you do, if the undead now  walked the earth looking for you, the last man alive...the last vestige of  the human race? What if what they wanted was the taste of your blood on  their lips? Just what on earth would you do?<br /><br />These are the questions  that faced Robert Neville. It is he who is Legend. How he answers them is  what makes this a book to remember and a classic within its genre. It is a  book of profound hope and despair. It is a book that demands to be read.  Read it. You will not be disappointed.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a fantastic book to read. It had so much meaning and was a very powerful book. I really liked the concept of the book which was a  society that was all black and white. In other words you couldn`t see any  color. You couldn`t even feel a breeze. You were assigned a job by the  elders like birth mother,  Assistant Director of Recreation, Doctor, Law  and Justice. The boy, Jonas was assigned The Giver. An old man came and  would give him a sort of dream, an image. Jonas could see color and feel in  these images.He later found out things; secrets that many people in the  community didn`t know. When Joans learned these things he was  confused  with emotions and decided to do something about these things. Another  reason I enjoyed this book is because it`s hard to imagine a world perfect,  untouchable, and so protected but dosen`t know that life as they know it  dosen`t have to be that way. That there is more to life than what they  have.
0783240236|5.0|The best film from the master of thriller films. It is more exciting, more  violent, and more scarier than any Alfred Hitchcock film around. When I  first heard of this film, I thought it sounded very stupid. But when I saw  it, I thought it was a very interesting &quot;What If?.&quot; film. Every  fan of this director's work will love this film.
6305531374|4.0|When producers set out to revive the steady dying HALLOWEEN series, they  didn't do too badly. This film marks an important event in the series. The  return of Jamie Lee Curtis is what is so signifigant about this film. She  again returns to the screen in the role that made her famous. She does so  in a mediocre fashion. This film does just about what you expect it to at  each point. Therefore, it isn't that great.<br />  Horror film addicts were  happy to see Jamie Lee Curtis return to the role. This is one of the  reasons the film did as well as it did. However, I wasn't so much impressed  with her as I was the new talent the film displayed. I was particularly  impressed with newcomer Josh Hartnett's performance as her son. Also,  DAWSON'S CREEK star Katie Holmes was notable. Aside from these great  performances, the film was only so-so. It was however decent in many ways.  So I would recommend buying or renting it.
0790729989|5.0|A demented serial killer is gruesomely killing people who violate the  seven deadly sins.World weary cop on the brink of retirement William  Somerset(Morgan Freeman) and pluckly young dectetive David Mills(Brad Pitt)  are assigned to the case. A devestating,draining film.The movie is quite an  achievement.It manages to be horrifying and yet gripping and complusive at  the same time.Intelligent,compelling and with a truly great performance  from Freeman(even better here then he was in Shawshank Redemption).  Superbly directed by David Finchner,who surprised everyone after he made  the terrible Alien 3.A great film but beware.Some scenes are so disturbing  they may linger long in the memory.
6302467861|1.0|This video was a reading of the book instead of the fully animated version with the catchy music that I remember seeing as a child.
0446677450|5.0|Americans have become lazy and want everything handed to them. This book  reintroduces the thought of using your mind and combining hard work to  create the ability to be lazy. Changes the normal thought process and kick  starts out of the box thinking. I now look at what I thought of as an asset  in a totally different way and have begun to explore ways to increase my  asset column. This book doesn't present schemes to instantly become rich,  it changes your way of thinking to help you discover your opportunities for  increasing wealth.
0783114893|5.0|The story line and acting in this movie are awesome. I would highly  recommend this movie to anyone.
B000002BBY|5.0|This cd contains some of the greatest tracks of the 90's. Wonderwall is  the greatest track ever writen if you hear a better album you must be deaf.  This album kick arse beyond kicking arse go and buy it you will nt be let  down. This album defines the 90's to a tee Roll with it is a great get up a  good track with everything going for it.
0671502336|5.0|What difference does it make if anyone ever reads your review?  If you  truly liked this book, write the review for yourself.  Write it to thank  Joe Heller for a book that you can't imagine your life without.  Those who  appreciate this book (and from the reviews, I can see you are many) I am  comforted to know I am not alone.  To those who can't or won't see what  Heller did here, I feel sorry for you.  We've all in North America been  born into a place forged out of wars, wars for independence, for life, for  humanity, it is a pity to see how little we understand how valuable a gift  all those men and women gave up for our liberty.  Catch-22's true  brilliance is in showing us that most of the time, those who fought in all  those wars didn't themselves understand how valuable their lives were,  until they were always on the verge of losing it.  That's probably the  greatest catch of all.  Heller's message in the book is clear, take  Snowden's secret to heart as Yossarian did.  Man is not special or  invincible - &quot;The spirit removed, man is garbage.&quot; See past  patriotism, nationalism; see past all the &quot;isms&quot; and think for  yourself.  Yossarian lives...
0553280325|5.0|It's incredible... a must read. I'm serious. It's a great book. You really  won't regret buying it, trust me. Honestly, why aren't 6/5's possible?
B000000W6X|4.0|wow. Wow. WOW.<br />i totally loved 'blue lines'. i've been a huge fan of  everything but the girl since the mid 80s. and by adding tracey thorn's  vocals into an already potent mix that created 'blue lines', this album was  on constant repeat in my cd player.<br />though strengthened by thorn and  collaborator ben watt's contribution on the title track and 'better  things', this sophomore effort is lyrically weaker than the debut. but the  hypnotic beats from 'blue lines' carried over into this one. even alanis  morisette said that 'protection' was incredibly soothing and strangely  uplifting when she heard it at the vma after party.<br />the great thing about  this album is it starts by grabbing you and doesn't let go until the second  last track. <br />'protection' wraps thorn's vocals around you, feeling strong  yet vulnerable at the same time. the beat elevates your senses and you feel  lightened somehow. <br />'karmacoma' hits you from the first beat, tricky and  3d hypnotises you with their 'rapping' (for want a better word); 'three'  breaks this stupor, with vocalist nicolette tip-toeing playfully around  'her favourite number'. orgasmic! <br />'weather storm' surprises you with a  simple bass track and elegently haunting piano work by craig armstrong,  raining down on your emotions after the last 3 tracks. <br />'spying glass'  goes back to the dark playfulness of 'three', again to incredible effect.  <br />track 6 'better things' finds thorn back on vocals, accusational and  angry... blending perfectly into the instrumental confection built around  her voice. <br />'eurochild' has 3d and tricky again talking around very  textured beats. <br />and 'sly' is just incredible... nicolette taking us on  her journey... wondering... 'heat miser' let's the beats and armstrong's  piano speak to us again, though in contrast to 'weather storm', 'heat  miser' spirals like the burning incense in a temple, just rises higher and  higher until it just dissipates... and that would've been a perfect end to  a perfect album. but they had to add a live version of 'light my fire' (yes  that's jim morrison/ doors classic), which totally spoilt my experience of  the album. that's the only reason  it's 4 stars and not 5 :)
0345360338|5.0|As usual, I read the series out of order.(quite by accident) But going in  reverse did not affect the stories. It is so hard to find decent true  historical novels and I haven't found any better than Penman's. I can't  wait for her next work.
B000000WHX|5.0|i got this album a long time ago during an impulse buy trip; just cos it  was in the bargain bin. and after listening to it, i saw plainly the reason  for being in there with the one-hit wonders of yesteryear: ground-braking  trip-hip album for the discerning music buyer... yes i'm talking about all  10 of you out there.<br />i recently had the pleasure of revisiting this cd  and was blown away again. the 'recent event' was the use of 'be thankful  for what you've got' in the pilot episode of felicity, which was a year and  half ago in singapore. where and how do i start swoponing over this cd?  should i talk about the etheral and transcendental vocalists shara nelson  and tony bryan? or should i comment on the sharp, truthful and occasionally  heart-breaking lyrics? or maybe attribute the album's classic status to the  hypnotic and sometimes subtly driving (possible?) beats? or the amazing  'remixibility' of some tracks that have become club classics in their own  right?<br />it all comes down to one thing: this cd is a damn fine listen. put  'safe from harm', 'be thankful for what you've got', 'unfinished sympathy'  and 'daydreaming' on continuous repeat, you won't regret it. :)
B000002UAU|5.0|What an amazing masterpiece. Coming off their minor masterpiece Revolver,  The Beatles turn to their major and created a revolutionary flame that  could never be extinguished. It was Dylan mixed with Mozart and of course  John, Paul, George, and Ringo added for extra flavor. Not only would the  music influence a generation but the artwork was a statement in itself. It  was literally the passing of the torch. If you look closly at the cover, it  depicts the young beatles on the sidelines and the more mature wiser  beatles standing in the middle. It was the first rays of a new rising sun.  Many of my favorite beatle songs like &quot;Lucy in the sky with  dimonds&quot;, &quot;With a little help from my friends&quot;,&quot; A day  in the life&quot;, and the title track are included in this LP. This album  represents a different age and time captured forever by The Beatles who  were simply the greatest artists of this generation. Isn't that what makes  someone great, capturing the moment in time and being able to influence the  world over and over again. This music will remain ageless and will never  died as long as we shall lived.
B00003CXE7|5.0|'Gladiator' by far is the BEST FILM I have seen this year!! <br />It combines  the values we are seeking once again of honor, duty, country, and to  family, with old-fashioned moviemaking once thought lost. Ridley Scott and  company have produced a classic of a film that will be enjoyed for years to  come.<br />Russell Crowe (Maximus) shines brightly amidst the backdrop of  ancient Rome. He brings to the screen a passion rarely seen in a main  character. Joaquin Pheonix(Commodus), is also superb in his role as the  spoiled Prince who takes over for his dead father. The rest of the superb  cast fill out the this epic drama.<br />Filled with action that puts one in  the arenas of Rome, the oustanding soundtrack that pulls at one's  emotions,and the special effects that details the epic feel of the Roman  Empire.<br />This film must not be missed!!! My thumbs are still up!!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|When first I saw Terminator 2 in a movie theater,I was totally blown away  by the entire film.There has never been a film that had really knocked me  into deep oblivion.Terminator 2 was a big box office smash that made a  whole lot of money at the box office.The last time a film had a great  amount of impact on me before this film was Star Wars back in 1977.14 years  later,I'm sitting in a movie theater watching Terminator 2.This time I was  in hyperdrive.This film keeps you going and going and going.But there wrere  some answers that needed to be explained.Why does The Terminator act a  little human in the film? Where there some scenes in this movie that were  eliminated that provided the answers to this film.That's why it's a good  thing this film was finally rereleased on VHS in a special edition  director's cut.Of course that's nothing compared to the DVD.In my  opinion,the best DVD since The Matrix,Terminator 2:Judgment Day has enough  extra goodies to knock anyone,or some people out of orbit.I rented the DVD  not too long ago,and I really enjoyed it. It provides plenty of  entertainment for even the person who has seen this a thousand times  before.
6302238331|3.0|The French Connection is considered groundbreaking because of its  hard-boiled and gritty style, virtually unseen in crime dramas at the time,  and the elements that compose the film have now probably become something  of a cliche.  If anything, the film should be noted for being the first to  claim that piece of originality.  But the film isn't perfect or as great as  critics said because it does have its fair share of problems.<br />I'll go  with the flaws first.  My main complaint is the musical score.  It took me  a while to figure out that banging sound in the background was supposed to  be the score, and boy is it annoying.  It really distracts and gave the  film a less riveting feel than it probably should have.<br />There's also the  strange pacing, which goes from slow to fast at a moment's notice.  There  are also some confusing camera angles that give the film a semi-documentary  feel, which sometimes feels appropriate and at other time inappropriate.   The ending is also a little awkward, though my complaint about that is  actually minor.<br />It may sound like I'm letting the film have it, but there  are a lot of redeeming qualities the film features.  Gene Hackman and Roy  Scheider are absolutely superb and they create characters more likeable  than I thought possible.  There's also the famous car chase, with Hackman  chasing after an assassin on board an elevated train above the streets of  Brooklyn.  It's an exhilarating 6 minute setpiece that ranks as one of the  top ten best car chases in film history (The tops belong to The Road  Warrior, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Ronin).<br />William Friedkin can create  riveting tales, and while The French Connection may not be his best work  (I'll save that for The Exorcist), there's no denying the occasionally  audacious successes the film makes.
B0000399WI|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever made with superb acting.  It is  comparible to &quot;Scent of a Woman&quot;, &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; and  &quot;Rudy&quot; in its portrayal of the triumph of the human spirit.   Those who criticize its length, to them I say - IT'S NOT LONG ENOUGH.  It  personifies Dumas' message of &quot;Wait and Hope&quot; in The Count of  Monte Cristo.  I watch it at least once every couple of months to remind me  of what is important in life.  I recommend it without reservation.
0440539811|5.0|I began reading this book already as a Discordian.  After reading the  Principia, I just couldn't expect my friends' warnings to be all that bad.   The story frequently shifts chronology and narrators with little to no  warning.  Quite a paradox, a confused Discordian.  After the first 300  pages all of a sudden it clicked, Du Hexen Hase I said to myself, I've got  it.  The entire story blends real facts with rather believable fiction  creating a vortex that absorbs your mind.  Every single character or even  objects make some type of statement.  The book is a giant allegory  disguised as science fiction.  Understanding that is the key to unlock this  fantastic book.  Once I became familiar with the narrative style I took  every single twist and turn right with the characters.  This is one of the  books that WILL define our age after it has passed.  It will remain a  classic like Finnegans Wake or Faust.  My highest recomendations.
B00003CXFU|5.0|This was a great film.  It had good lines, a tough and likeable heroine,  Roberts was the best I've seen her, it wasn't sickeningly moralistic and  the courtroom stuff didn't drag.  It's amazing that it's a true story,  though I would like to know how true to life it is.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I agree with most of the reviews posted here. The packaging of the DVD is  sleek and unique, the menus are funky and consistent with the film, and the  image and sound quality of the transfer is second-to-none.  What turned me  off is the supplemental material describing the making of the movie. This  stuff usually fascinates me, but after reading about it on this disc, I  feel qualified to go out and film \\"T3: War and Peace\\" myself. The  information is presented on hundreds of screens of text which take hours to  plow through, sparsely highlighted with live interviews and examples of  what they are describing. Occasionally there is the truly interesting  nugget of trivia or clever Hollywood trick explained, but mostly it is just  descriptions of camera apertures, lighting angles, etc.  Exceptions to this  are the chapters explaining the T-1000 and T-800 special effects.  But on  the good side, it certainly gives you a firsthand idea of all the work that  goes into making a movie.  The name of this DVD should be \\"Everything  (and we mean EVERYTHING) You've Ever Wanted to Know About T2 (but were  afraid to ask!)\\"  Still, everything else on the disc rocks!
6305971293|5.0|Once again Michael Myers is back! I found this film very gripping.  Probally one of the best sequels to the halloween series! A weird and cool  ending
B00004X0M6|5.0|Entre t y mil mares es un disco para disfrutarlo, es fresco y maduro al  mismo tiempo. Hay canciones maravillosas, como entre t y mil mares, somos  hoy, quiero decirte que te amo, la meta de mi viaje, y un largo etctera,  de las 14 canciones hay 12 que me encantan; adems todas tienen un aire  especial por el que se sabe que pertenecen a este disco y no a otro, lo que  le da al trabajo unidad y armona. Lleno de sentimientos hermosos, con una  Laura cada da ms mgica por su sencillez y la belleza de su voz. No os  lo perdis, merece la pena!
6305524866|2.0|All of the funny sections of this movie were in the previews.  The rest of  the show was pretty dull.
0375704027|5.0|This is one of the more magical and sensual books that I've read this  year.  Toru Watanabe is a Tokyo student at the end of the sixties.  Western  culture abounds (the novel is named after the Beatles' tune).  'Norwegian  Wood' is Naoko's favourite song, and one that she pays her friend Reiko to  play.  It's a song that seems destined to torment her for the rest of her  life.  In his own subtle way, Murakami suggests to us the power of great  art.  This novel also belongs to that class.  Once you've started to read  'Norwegian Wood', you'll become addicted to it.  Murakami creates  characters that reside in your mind as real beings.  They're people who you  will come to love.  His fiction also transcends cultural barriers, in that  'Norwegian Wood' could have been set anywhere.  Its emotional centre is  that of painful adolescence, so any casual reader will have a great deal to  identify with the main protagonists from the off.  Just as Toru is forced  into the past by a single note of 'Norwegian Wood', this book will also  compel you to confront your own past, the people that you have loved and  maybe lost.  The sixties student rebellions seem to have shook almost every  part of the world, and Murakami's novel does feature such a revolt.  No  doubt the fuel blockades currently afflicting Britain and Europe will be  similarly remembered in future years.  In one revealing scene, Murakami has  Midori articulate that great truth that when higher education chooses to  debate the class struggle, it often does so in terms that exclude the  working class (note my indoctrinated and ironical use of 'articulate').  Of  course, I read a translation (in the Harvill edition, presented like a box  of Cubans, &quot;hand-rolled on the thighs of maidens&quot;), but the power  of Murakami's prose shines through.  Toru extols the exquisite prose of F.  Scott Fitzgerald, and Murakami cannot have had a better writing tutor,  where every word is a wonder in itself.<br />  Naoko and Reiko have decided to  exile themselves away from the mental torments of everyday life in a remote  mountain community.  Toru comes to visit Naoko, his sometime lover.  Together, they share the memory of Kizuki, Noako's boyfriend, who  inexplicably killed himself at the age of 17.  Naoko has far more  difficulty expressing her feelings than Toru, something that he finds both  beguiling and painful.  Under the loving care of Reiko, Toru and Naoko try  to explore their feelings for each other.  What was the truth behind their  night of shared passion?  Reiko believes that Toru may be the best tonic  for Naoko (such great irony), but Naoko has her own reasons for pushing  Toru away, despite knowing how much she needs him.  In one telling episode,  Naoko reveals herself to Toru as she sleepwalks, a troubled soul reaching  out for help.<br />  Denied physical contact with the one woman he really  cares about, Toru satisfies his bodily needs with a series of one night  stands, out on the town in the company of his twisted but content friend  Nagasawa.  But even as his body is sated, Toru cannot help but feel  disgust.  However, his torment is tempered by Midori, who pushes her way  into his life.  She does not seem to mind that Toru is alienated, and far  from content to be the Norm.  She loves the peculiar way Toru talks and  almost consults him as if he were a guru, demanding that he relate his  carnal fantasies to her.  Midori has been to an all-girl school, and seems  to have an endless fascination for those pleasures that she has yet to  experience.  However, she too has her pain and a peculiar kind of madness.  Inevitably, it seems, Toru is torn between his feelings for the  inaccessible Naoko, and Midori's passion for him...  Will Toru be forced  down the path that has led so many of his friends to self-oblivion?<br />  'Norwegian Wood' is a great, powerful novel.  The kind of art that stays  with you for the rest of your life, the kind of music which makes the hairson the back of your neck stand tall, to force a shiver of delight and pain  through your body, to make your mouth starch dry.  There are excellent  characters, from the lowly Storm Trooper, to the warm and loving Reiko.  There is also great subtlety, surprising in such an emotional novel.  This  is, above all, a very sensual work of art, with every feeling touched upon  and plucked with the greatest of skill.rs  on the back of your neck stand tall, to force a shiver of delight and pain  through your body, to make your mouth starch dry.  There are excellent  characters, from the lowly Storm Trooper, to the warm and loving Reiko.   There is also great subtlety, surprising in such an emotional novel.  This  is, above all, a very sensual work of art, with every feeling touched upon  and plucked with the greatest of skill.
0375501851|5.0|Zadie Smith is one of those women who 'Sees'. White Teeth is a novel that  should win awards and fill empty  places anyeverywhere. Don't hesitate to  read this story.
B00000J2KX|5.0|Excellent film, one of the best scary movies Ive ever seen. Nicholson  &quot;shines&quot;, he was born to do this role -in fact he was born to do  pretty much all the roles he played in most of his movies. You dont see  films like this anymore. Watch it, you wont regret it.
B000046PVN|5.0|Supermusic for a superhero. &quot;Superman&quot;, Richard Donners film  version of the classic hero from the comics, still ranges as the best live  action film ever made about a hero. Most of the sucess is due to the  perfect score composed by John Williams, who, without a doubt, contributed  enourmously to the atmosphere of the old serials. This exclusive and deluxe  CD edition only enhances what once seemed just perfect. There is much more  music from the film. And what a music. The &quot;Superman Main Theme&quot;  reflects all of Johns creativity and invention, giving us back the  pleasure of listening the old classical orchestrations, the kind of music  composed by Max Steiner, Dimitri Tyomkin and Bernard Herrmann. There was  much especulation about the re-release of the &quot;Superman&quot;  soundtrack and finally we have the chance to experience it complete and  with bonus tracks. Bravo!
B00000J2KX|5.0|Excellent film, one of the best scary movies Ive ever seen. Nickolson  &quot;shines&quot;, he was born to do this role -in fact he was born to do  pretty much all the roles he played in most of his movies. You dont see  films like this anymore. Watch it, you wont regret it.
B0000020C4|4.0|I came to see this show very late, having only recently witnessed its  latest Broadway incarnation. I heard a lot about the legendary Colm  Wilkinson performance and eagerly awaited it. Somewhat to my dismay,  Wilkinson never even really sings. He just sort of acts like a cantor,  blurting out a few notes between sort of spoken words. I could tell even  from this disc how well his acting must have gone over. BUT the lack of  singing was a great disappointment.<br />On the other hand, it was relief to  have the parts of Eponine and Fantine actually sung by actresses who could  hit the high notes rather than just screech them, as with the current  Broadway production.<br />One thing that does not change: the moving,  monumental score.<br />I think this is the disc to have, esp since Colm is on  the Broadway and London discs, too.
B00000729S|5.0|I was reading an article by a German musician from the 70s that I admire,  and he mentioned the Monks in this article, and how seeing them changed his  life.. I was entranced by the glowing raves he gave these 5 ex-American  GI's... later still, Julian Cope's book on Krautrock also paid homage to  the Monks, so I had to get their debut lp..<br />Damn! I was blown away by the  ferocity of it! Pure 60's style punk (very different from 70s punk, though  many of the musical sensibilities are similar- 60's punk was even more raw  than 70s punk) mixed with anti Vietnam war statements well before the  counter-culture made it its catch phrase...frenzied guitars, banjos,  feedback, screaming, venomous lyrics, primal drumming..its all there.. its  hop time! It's MONK TIME!!<br />And to show that the Monks have made it,  albeit way too late,  the intro to &quot;Monk Time&quot; is currently being  used in Powerade commercials..listen for the pulsating organs, mixed with  the drums and banjo on those commericlas, and its a small microcosm of the  Monks.<br />One of the most bizarre and frenzied lps in my personal  collection, &quot;Black Monk Time&quot; is a bona fide gem that is a must  for anyone who can't get enough 60's punk/garage music.
B00000JGHM|5.0|This is truly a gangbuster cops-and-robbers flick, featuring one of the  best shootouts ever filmed.  Supposedly, the bank heist shootout was  loosely inspired by a real-life North Hollywood shootout between two gunmen  and the police.  This is one shootout you want wide-screen t.v., and a  great sound system for.<br />Heat has a great cast, and the script cleverly  parallels the lives and efforts of DeNiro's crew of highly-skilled robbers,  and Pacino's crew of detectives. At the same time, though, and despite the  similarities between Pacino's Hanna, and DeNiro's McCauly, there is a  counterpoint within this parallel that keep them interesting, namely  Pacino's witty, flamboyant, and compassionate personality, and DeNiro's  dark, quiet, and violent one.  Mann manages to make the bad guys somewhat  sympathetic characters (at least not one-dimensionally evil) without having  to downplay their undeniably abhorrent acts of violence.  This is a balance  that is always hard to strike, and rarely struck with the perfection it is  here.<br />The script is well-layered, with action and drama.  Tension doesn't  flag.  This is a must-see film.
B00004T8RK|3.0|Now I have all of the Pearl Jam albums, and I can definately say that this  isn't one of their best, but it is still a good album.  With their  toned-down approach to this album, Pearl Jam seems to be heading in a new  direction, which may prove beneficial or be the death of this great 90's  band.  Being a huge fan of &quot;Ten&quot; and &quot;Yield&quot;, the more  rockin' albums, I had mixed feelings about this album.  It starts of  excellently with &quot;Breakerfall&quot;, a full-fledged rocker, and goes  into &quot;God's Dice&quot;, another rocker with cool drumming by  &quot;new&quot; drummer Matt Cameron.  Next is &quot;Evacuation&quot;,  another toned-down rocker, but it isn't nearly as good as the predecessors.   &quot;Light Years&quot; and &quot;Nothing As It Seems&quot; are the two  singles, and also the two best songs on Binaural.  &quot;Thin Air&quot; is  a very weak song, but &quot;Insignificance&quot;, a live favorite, makes up  for it.  &quot;Of The Girl&quot; is your normal/average Pearl Jam song, and  &quot;Grievance&quot; is another live favorite with great lyrics.   &quot;Rival&quot; sounds much better live, and &quot;Sleight Of Hand&quot;  is another excellent song with good lyrics.  &quot;Soon Forget&quot; is a,  well, different song, with a ukelele, and &quot;Parting Ways&quot; is  mediocre.  Overall, this is a fairly good album, but start off with the  other PJ albums.
B000002JR8|3.0|&quot;Far beyond Driven&quot; maybe the heaviest of all Pantera albums,  but it isn't the best. It cuts off all the great songwriting from their  previous Albums ( &quot;Cemetery Gates&quot;, &quot;This Love&quot;,  &quot;Mouth for War&quot;, &quot;Walk&quot; ... ) and leaves Pantera with  nothing but their Anger and Fury. This may be a good credo for any  Death/Black or Hardcore Band, but for those guys who really wrote brilliant  songs which bypassed Metallica's abilities by far, it isn't enough. For the  first listening, all the songs seem winners. But if you listen closer, you  will perhaps realize that nothing much happens, just a big wall of noise.  Phil can sing absolutely great - why doesn't he do it anywhere on this  record? The production of the album isn't that cool. It's raw and edgy, but  also monotonous as hell. If you think of the amazing Debuts of KoRN and  Machine Head that were released around the same time, it falls really flat.  I would say Pantera have become Victims of their &quot;Heaviest Band  ever&quot; cliche and this album shows it. On the other hand, this album  delivers intense agression and you just gotta headbang to it. And it has  it's highlights although they are hard to figure out because everything  sounds the same and they aren't up to what they did on Vulgar Display of  Power : Strenght beyond Strenght, Becoming, Five Minutes alone, Use my  third arm, 25 Years and the black Sabbath cover. Go for Vulgar Display of  Power and Cowboys from Hell first, if you go for Pantera. Far beyond Driven  is just average.
0140186395|2.0|One way to separate a great book from a book that falls far short is to  think about whether the characters are realistic and fleshed out.  Read War  and Peace.  Read Brothers Karamazov.  Read Remembrance of Things Past.   East of Eden has cardboard characters meant to display good and evil for  you.  I'll give you an example, so you can see where I'm coming from.  It  doesn't convey my whole feeling that the characters are cardboard but it  points you in the right direction.<br />&quot;Abra came in with shining eyes  and a red nose from the frosty wind, and she brought such pleasure that Lee  giggled softly when he saw her.&quot;<br />Do you mind being manipulated by an  author's cliches?  I do.  The shining eyes of a good child, the red nose of  a good child on a frosty morning, you can take your shining eyes and red  nose and frosty wind and stick them, along with Lee's delighted giggle.<br />I  don't mean to condemn Steinbeck for that one paragraph, which an eighth  grader could have written.  I mean to bring out that paragraph as an  illustration of an overall weakness in the writing.  The characters  represent good or evil, and they are annoying.  All the characters who  begin with A (Abra, Adam, Aron) represent Abel, and all the characters who  begin with C (Cal, Cathy, Charles) represent Cain.  Gee, duh, thank you,  that's heavy.<br />It's not that I enjoy trashing well thought of books.  It's  something else.  I resent that the great books are diminished when  something like this is complimented.  True quality deserves to be separated  above stuff like this.<br />Try this one on.  One of the characters makes a  lot of money in an investment, and ends up burning all the money he has  made.  Tell me something - how the hell is he going to raise enough money  to pay taxes on that realized gain?  IRS won't care that he burned the  money.  They will be coming for their taxes.  The author wanted his  character to make that annoying, stupid sacrifice, burning lotsof money.   Well, if the character doesn't care, neither do I.  I hope IRS nails him  good.<br />I'll tell you where Steinbeck really started to lose me.  He played  one of those stupid &quot;I know something you don't know&quot; teases on  us readers.  He had one of the Trask brothers enlist in the army.  We  expected Cal to do it, but he threw us a clue that it was probably Aron.   Then he left us there and changed the subject.  Nyaa nyaa nyaa nyaa nyaa.   Steinbeck knows which brother enlisted and we don't, and he's going to make  us wait to find out.  Isn't that great, brilliant writing.  Dust off that  old annoying trick.  And the reason we don't know is because he didn't tell  us what happened in chronological order.  He lets us know later that  something happened earlier.  So our ignorance is his fault, and he's  teasing us with it.<br />Thank you, Clifton Fadiman, for not including this  book in your Lifetime Reading Plan of the great books.  East of Eden is  more or less on the level of Sidney Sheldon.  The Back Street Boys of  literature.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Theres really not a track on here that I hated, Limp is probably my fave  band right now, Fred Durst is an amazing frontman with a great voice sound  for this type of music. I thought this was a better album than their last  one. My favorite tracks are 2,3,4,5,6,10 and 11. If you havn't figured it  out yet, let the cd keep playing through the outro and in about a min or so  Matt Pinfield will come on and start cussin out the boy bands and then let  it play for another min or so for sumthin koo!
6305169187|5.0|This is one of the most spectacular movies I have ever seen. It had me off  my seat the whole time with its intensity, thrill, and emotion. It is  deffenetly a must see movie. When NASA realise there is a meteor the size  of Texas heading strait for Earth in just 18 days,that could end all life  on Earth, they know they have to do something.By this time in the movie I  am overcome with suspence on what may happen. They decide to take a team  off roughneck oil drillers to drill a whole and drop a nuclear warhead into  it's core. The drillers are divided into two groups to go into space. As  soon as they get into space, 1 of the space ships goes down because of too  much debri from the meteor. There are only three survivors from that  accident.The other space ship lands on the meteor and begins to drill, but  can not get to the wanted dept without help. The three survivors from the  first space ship come to the rescue and help them drill to their wanted  dept. In all the caos the remote to detinate the bomb has been wrecked so  somebody has to stay on the meteor to detinate the warhead sacrificing  himself to save the world. In the end all is good and well because of one  brave man who saved the world.
B000021Y77|5.0|Few foreign movies that I have seen even come close to a movie such as  this masterpiece.   Das Boot-Director's Cut was my fave until now.   I  can't believe that I found the DVD in our video rental store.   The DVD is  perfect for my wife and me, as I can speak and understand German, while my  wife, being an American, does not.   I got to watch it in German and then  again in English.  I must say the German language version sounds much  better, but it's still quite interesting in English.   I loved how they  portrayed a woman (Lola) as a sort of &quot;Sorcerer&quot; type person who  could change events until they worked out for her.  Awesome film... I would  have given the Lola Luft a higher than 5 star Rating, but...
0689835604|5.0|This a wonderful first book to enjoy with your baby.  It is in beautiful bright colors and it's small size is easy for you and baby to handle.   <br />It asks a series of questions of &quot;Where is baby's ..., and when you  and your baby lift the flap there is the belly button, or nose or whatever.   The baby in the pictures always looks so happy that your baby will laugh  and laugh.<br />This is sturdy book that can withstand lots of handling, and  if your baby chews on the book it will just look a little the worse for  wear, but won't be harmed.<br />This is a great book!
8185300453|5.0|I AM THAT is my bible-In his clear yet deeply profound answers Sri  Nisargadatta expounds the timeless truths of self-realization which Christ  called the Kingdom of God within us.This unique book can be opened at any  page and provide the reader with powerful insights into their real essence  by negation of the temporary and unreal to the true fullness of their real  being.A must for seekers of the light.
0792140346|4.0|This film reminded me of a successful marraige bewteen &quot;Basic  Instinct&quot; and one of the better episodes of &quot;The Practice.&quot;  Edward Norton is superb and gives Sharon Stone a run for her money in the  &quot;Did They or Did'nt They&quot; category and Richard Gere is  surprisingly compelling as the Attorney. I enjoyed watching John  Mahoney,(&quot;Frasier's&quot; father) in a role that is a departure for  him. Less successful are Frances McDormand as the &quot;Psychaitrist on  Call,&quot; and Laura Linney as the Prosecutor and (of course, Gere's Ex).  My only real carps: the film is too long and the plot takes a predictable  stab at the Catholic church.&quot;
B000002MG1|5.0|This is not only the best REM album, but the best album written up to  date, and I can only hope there will be many as good as it is. New  Adventures in Hi-Fi and Out of Time are both very good as well...but just  don't come close to Automatic for the People. Every body hurts,  Nightswiming and on top of them all Find the river are some of the best  songs ever written, and all the other songs vary from great to good. The  best thing about this disc that there is a song for every mood. Every body  hurts when you're depressed, Ignoreland when you're angry, Find the river  when you're in need of guidence, and so on. now stop reading and go listen  to the album, NOW!
B000002H72|5.0|I teach high school and this is one of the links to my students.  Many  kids are fairly amazed that I, fourty two years old, and raised on  accoustic rock, love Pixies.  I have a very hard time classifying music.  All I can say is that this really rips through me.  From Debaser, (a song  about the surrealist film, La Chien Andalou) to Tame(the rythmic tonal  breathing is one of my favorite things in the entire world) to Here comes  you man, and Monkey gone to Heaven...these tunes are completely infectious  and anarchic.  I believe I listen to these things because it resonates  a spot in me that I rarely access, a wild, yoouthful, creative, the hell  with it spark that I used to have and which has been lovingly dulled by  years, a wife and a kid.  Those things are wonderful, but Doolittle is one  of those rocking, excellent creations which brings up the debaser in me.
B000002552|3.0|Everybody knows the story behind the legendary Basement Tapes, so I won't  bore the reader by being redundant.<br />The songs on this collection range  from the extremely light-hearted (&quot;Odds and Ends&quot;, &quot;Ruben  Remus&quot;) to the sinister (&quot;Clothes Line Saga&quot;) with stops at  every point in between.  This is a great teaser for the true treasures  which lie unearthed in the vaults.<br />Unfortunately, _The Basement Tapes_  also represent a botched opportunity.  With so much quality material as yet  unreleased, why did Columbia succomb to Robbie Robertson's re-writing of  history?  The eight tracks performed by the Band on this album are not true  Basement Tapes.  They are polished studio recordings intentionally  &quot;lo-fied&quot; to give the impression that they were recorded in a  basement.  The Band tracks are good but they have no business being here.   By 1975, when this collection was first released, The Band no longer needed  Bob Dylan as a crutch, which makes the inclusion of these tracks all the  more puzzling.<br />For those of you who don't have a lot of money to spend,  _The Basement Tapes_ MAY serve to whet your appetite for these legendary  recordings.  A much more accurate snapshot of these sessions, however, can  be found on the _Genuine Basement Tapes_ bootleg (if you have about a  hundred bucks just lying around, that is).
B000002UV1|4.0|There is no doubt that if a Chilli fan has started listening to the  chilli's before this album, with freaky styley etc. adorning the shelf, you  will certainly love this album.  It's raw, edgy funk slap is your image of  the band so you will know what you are in for. However, if you are a new  listener in which album's like californication rest in the cd rack, then be  weary, for what you shall hear is absolutely nothing like what you are used  to.  If you choose to get it, do not discard and forget about it.  It  should grow on you and you shall begin to love it's contrasting sounds and  meanings.  If it does not grow on you, then you had better stick to the new  stuff cos the early is not your cup of tea.
B00004U8H4|4.0|Excellent bizarre film, reminded me a little of a mix of How to Get Ahead  in Advertising (classic British film), with Psycho, and even Wall Street.  Having come of age in the '80s, much of the dialog of the post-modern era  hits home. It's wacky, and over the top, but leaves you wondering if any of  the events actually happen outside the main character's twisted mind...  (much like &quot;...Advertising&quot;). He knows he's nuts, he's taking  pills to fight it, but he envisions chopping people up because they have  cooler business cards. Tour de force acting, including Willam Defoe.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I am a big fan of Limpbizkit and i think that the music they make is  really a combination of the good parts of rock music (bass line, guitar  solo's, etc) and rap music (fast talking, good lyrics, sometime rude but  hey its only music). Seeing as i like both styles of music i would give  this album 4/5, not perfect but still very cool.
B000002513|5.0|To be honest, I do not enjoy this CD because it is not my type of music.   Even so, I am very impressed.  This is the second album from Bruce  Springsteen in only the first year of his recording career.  Every single  one of these vignettes are captivating in their storytelling. I can easily  conjure up the cast of WILD BILLY's CIRCUS; ROSALITA, KITTY, and the others  on Springsteen's street corner.   Compared with the first album, the music  is stronger and the band more confident.  The poetry is, again, in a league  of its own.  Compare any one of these lyrics with any number of other  albums released in 1973.  None come close to the narrative ability of a  Bruce Springsteen.  And he made two albums worth of those high calibre  songs in one year.  Astounding.  If you are interested in music with a  strong narrative and captivating characters, this CD will interest you.
B000008H1U|5.0|I am so glad someone has re-discovered how great this piece of Tull work  is. My vinyl copy has long since gone and CD is now readily available.  Staight forward, electric rock and roll. Anderson combines his masterful  lyric and flute talent with a more raw metal sound than Tull fans are or  were accustomed. This is my all-time favorite Tull album. When the clips  are up, check out &quot;Steel Monkeys&quot;, &quot;She Said She was a  Dancer&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Farm on the Freeway&quot;. This  is Tull at their metal best!!!!!
B0000029AL|5.0|I enjoy this album.  The production quality is a bit weak but certainly on  par for 1973.  While the British Rock 'n Roll bands were becoming bored  with Blues-based music, these lads from Massachussetts infused a much need  dose of new blood into an otherwise tired song format.  Certainly, without  a doubt, Tyler and Perry were destined to write better songs.  Even so,  this is a great album.  Even an overlooked song, ONE WAY STREET, has  energy.  This song contains the golden vein that Aerosmith would tap for  more than two decades of success.  One amazing thing to me about the career  of Aerosmith is that they have kept the same lineup -- and it's not because  they get along so well all the time, either. ;D  Another, is that this band  was considered dead and buried in the late seventies; they came back.  That  sense of determination is part of the energy of this their frist album.  If  you are interested in music from the &quot;world's greatest rock 'n roll  band&quot; (sorry, Mick), or if you are interested in blues-based, rock 'n  roll, this album will be interesting to you.
B00003CXIP|5.0|Very Well made movie, There is something about it that I can sit and watch  it every single day and not get tired of it... Yes there is a couple spots  in it where Wil Wheaton is Terrible, But overall excellent Movie.. It takes  you on a emotional rollercoaster with there adventure, and you can't help  not to fall in love with the characters... I also thought that nobody other  than Richard Dreyfuss could have done a better job being the Voiceover....  As you can tell i'm not a professional reviewer of films, but you get the  jest of things...
B000031WD9|4.0|i have now idea for what to write
B00000I07R|5.0|While this was not the biggest selling album of their career, Bon Jovi was  one of the only so-called &quot;hair bands&quot; of the 80s who even  attempted to put out a successful album. In the wakes of grunge rock, Bon  Jovi's &quot;Keep The Faith&quot; was a hit. Songs like &quot;I'll Sleep  When I'm Dead&quot; and &quot;In These Arms&quot; were fan favorites, but  it was &quot;Dry County&quot; that should have been the standout song of  the album. While it is long, it is one of the most powerful songs the band  ever put together. &quot;Bed of Roses&quot; was a huge hit, and should have  been--it is their best love song to date, one of their best songs of all  time. &quot;Keep the Faith&quot; and &quot;I Believe&quot; are also great,  as well as the somewhat hidden &quot;I Want You.&quot; Check out the album  for a different Bon Jovi than that of the 80s, and be pleasantly surprised.
B00000IQW0|5.0|I love it! I'm looking forward to seeing more of the series released on  DVD hopefully soon.
B00000DFTH|4.0|There have been three distinct phases of Black Sabbath, each determined by  a different lead singer (no, I'm not forgetting the two Deep Purple  refugees Ian Gillan and Glenn Hughes--it's just that neither was around  long enough to really make a difference). The current one--Tony  Martin--whose stewardship of the mike represents Sab' as the elder  statesmen of Death Metal and the Wayne's World headbanger sound. Before  Martin was Ronnie James Dio, whose maniacal rant (the best example being  the song &quot;Neon Knights&quot;) gave voice to a more hyper version of  the band than before or since--that lineup probably formed the roots of  Speed Metal. With Ozzy, we're back to aquare one--a lineup that added a  noir element to a then blues-dominated Metal (Hendrix, Cream, Grand Funk,  Mountain--what have you), apocalyptic-flavored lyrics reinforced by the  flat menace of Ozzy's voice. They were the only band doing what would later  be called Death Metal--in those days, one band did not constitute a genre.  What we have in three live albums--the Dio-sung &quot;Live Evil, the  Martin-sung &quot;Cross Purposes Live&quot; (only available as a freebie CD  packed with the concert video) and this album--adds up to a trilogy of a  long career in a music style some might call &quot;ugly&quot; (my ex-wife's  theory was that ownership of their albums was symptomatic of a grudge  against the world). Until now, the only live album we had out of the  original quartet was the unauthorized &quot;Live At Last&quot;. So this  album constitues a very belated part one of that trilogy. And it doesn't  really sound that much like a &quot;nostalgia gig&quot;--they all still  work well together and I'll bet Ozzy has been using a lot of this stuff on  the road throughout his solo career. All--and I do mean ALL--of the live  material here does justice to how we remember it from the studio tracks.  Conspicuously absent is any material whatsoever from albums Ozzy wasn't  originally on--he obviouly noticed that none of the three singers has ever  sounded worth a damn doing stuff created during the others' time. The only  weak point is Ozzy's frequent use of the &quot;eff-word&quot; in onstage  patter--obviously this fifty-something man is trying to avoid coming across  middle-aged to an audience that has a lot of younger members. The good news  is that this act doesn't really &quot;eff-word&quot; up the music itself. I  just bought this album about a year and a half after its release (too much  other stuff first) and after hearing it, I'm kicking myself for waiting so  long.y noticed that none of the three singers has ever  sounded worth a damn doing stuff created during the others' time. The only  weak point is Ozzy's frequent use of the &quot;eff-word&quot; in onstage  patter--obviously this fifty-something man is trying to avoid coming across  middle-aged to an audience that has a lot of younger members. The good news  is that this act doesn't really &quot;eff-word&quot; up the music itself. I  just bought this album about a year and a half after its release (too much  other stuff first) and after hearing it, I'm kicking myself for waiting so  long.
B00004Z1MN|4.0|This movie was very fascinating to me. The idea of time travel, time/space mixing, etc. makes it so mind boggling. Dennis Quaid did an excellent  portrayal of the father, willing to do anything to protect his wife, and to  keep his son. The love between the father and son is very touching. I  haven't seen many family based, yet action-packed adult based movies lie  this one. Aside from some very graphic photos shown in two or three scenes,  the movie is very clean. I would definetly recommend it to anyone old  enough to understand and appreciate it!
B000002KP3|5.0|Many would think this album is good only because of &quot;Get in On&quot;.  That would be a wrong assertion. This album is exceptional from start to  finish and it needs to be part of your library. One of the great rock  albums of all time.
185984054X|1.0|This is sort of book we have come to expect from this author - poorly  researched, bereft of footnotes or bibliography, sneering, opposed to  reason and aimed at pseudo intellectuals, especially those who believe that  atheism inevitably leads to careful thought. In order to begin to  understand mother Teresa you must possess some minimal knowledge of the  doctrines of the Catholic Faith. Hitchens does not. Here are just a few of  his clangers. 1. p88 he believes that conscientious Christians believe that  it is not for them to forgive others! 2. p51 he believes that the Catholic  Church is opposed to the Natural Method as taught in Humanae Vitae (i.e  hasn't even read Humanae Vitae), and appears unaware of the distinction  between artificial contraception and the natural method. 3. In the  introduction of his book he opposes reason with 'knowing' - interesting to  see how this statement equates what he believes to be rationalism wih  emotionalism - making him opposed to the reason he unconvincingly affects  to admire. 4. He completely misrepresents John 12.8 (see p. 28-29 The  Missionary Position).Almsdeeds are a condition of access to heaven. 5. A  simple point of logic - apparently for Hitchens a woman who in having an  abortion doesn's believe that she is killing someone, isn't! How such  solipsism can be equated to reasoning remains to be seen (see p.57).<br />The  rest of this tract then accuses her of guilt by association and the fact  that her hospices aren't hospitals!! What is wrong with accepting money  from undesirable people and using it to do good? Does Hitchens deny the  undeniable link between increased use of contraceptives and abortion? What  is the supposed crime in accepting money from those who know you are a  Christian missionary in order to do the work of a Christian missionary? The  simple reason behind this ludicrous and ill informed attack is an unease  over Mother Teresa's message. In attacking that message, the author has  ended up attacking not only the Catholic faith, but also reason and truth.
B000002JS6|5.0|If an album ever got 5 stars, this is it.  AC/DC really wakes you up with  their power chords and rocking rhythm guitar.  I still say Malcolm Young is  the best rhythm guitarist in Rock history.  He carries their songs so well  and is the backbone of the group.  He and Angus combine to deliver awesome  rock tunes. It's too bad AC/DC is seen as just another heavy metal,  head-banger band.  If you really listen to the music, you'll see why these  guys are such fabulous musicians. A must-have for all AC/DC fans.
B000000W6F|4.0|i only really like this album because i like fish, and in case you've been  living under a rock, &quot;Gish&quot; does, in fact, rhyme with  &quot;Fish&quot;.  How exciting!!!  Actually, it took a little while to get  the hang of this album....to understand what the band was trying to  accomplish, what they were all about and what they were trying to say, the  message they were to trying to send to their fans...unlike &quot;Siamese  Dream&quot; and &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;, where you get instant  gratification, this album is like trying to embrace a slimy,  slithering.......FISH!!!!!  But if you don't get the hang of it, hang in  there, baby, it'll come to you.  The Pumpkins' debut almost sounds like  Sonic Youth, escpecially #4...can't remeber the name...well, i'm very  forgetful...i only remeber names that rhyme with....FISH!!!!!
B0000029AP|5.0|This was the first CD I ever bought and I still love it.  Every song on  here is a classic and worth the price of the album.  Each of these songs  could easily be played on radio, although just a couple are.  You cannot  have a complete rock library without this album.  All Aerosmith fans must  own it!
B00004YYDI|5.0|What a way of capturing all the most obvious movie scenarious in one. Sometimes we need a childs point of view in life and show us the real  meaning what love and what it is all about. Children stay children and even  adults can become children, but they loose their sence of innocence. That  is what makes this movie so touching is the fact that the love for Matilda  was unconditional and the feeling was mutual. He was willing to take his  own life to give Matilda hers. I would advise anyone who is anyone to watch  this movie.
0783231032|5.0|This is undisputably the most hilarious movie I've ever seen!  It starts  off with sporatical spurts of poignant humor, the intervals further apart  at first, then growing ever more intense and close together as the movie  progresses.<br />It's a fantastical story of Hollywood, California in the  first days following the bombing of Pearl Harbor in 1941.  The paranoia of  the military, the citizens, and various zealots combine gradually  throughout course of the film, and climax to an explosive burst of pure  comedy!<br />Watch this movie - you'll laugh til you have tears in your eyes -  you'll bust a gut!
078324228X|1.0|This is your typical story that shows blacks as the mistreated people that  just cannot get a break from the evil white man. A black man, accused of a  crime he did not commit, is pursued by relentless white people that will  stop at nothing ... blah blah blah. It is the same story that has been told  in Hollywood thousands of times before.
B00003CXA2|5.0|This was probably the best movie I have ever seen. I goes from the 40's-the 80's showing the path of a young boy to a successful adult over  coming difficulties.
0800136586|5.0|I am 21 now, but when I was a little girl this was my absolute favorite  movie, and it remains a happy memory of childhood and happiness today. When  I was little I remember the first time &quot;Annie&quot; aired on HBO and  my mom recorded it for me. I must have watched this movie a zillion times  as a child. My best friend and I would always play make-believe like we  were orphans in Annie. This movie has so many happy memories tied to it,  and whenever I need a lift and to feel happy and like a child again I put  on this movie. Now I have an almost 3 year old niece and we are going  through the &quot;Annie&quot; craze all over again with her. She has now  learned to sing &quot;Tomorrow,&quot; and it just makes me melt. I have  passed on my love of &quot;Annie&quot; to my niece. If you want a real  feel-good movie that you are sure to love, you have to see this movie and  experience the magic for yourself. Every little girl, and little girl at  heart, will fall in love with Annie!
B00004WKII|5.0|These disks are chok full of rare and unreleased tracks. Bottom-line, if  you like Jimi you'll love this box. It's covered in purple haze velvet and  the layout does justice to the music that lies within. The booklet is  informative and thought out. The sound is great! It very much exceeded my  expectations and is a great buy at this price.
B000007VCM|5.0|She Sells Sanctuary is the perfect goth tune. Repetitve lyrics about  paranoia, awesome drumming and bass work from the bands rhythm section,  fascinating layered psychedelic guitars from the master Billy Duffy. The  drummer left before the rest of the LP was recorded, and was replaced by  the brilliant Mark Brzezicki from Big Country. I make dance music now, but  still find many similarities between these disparate styles, and word has  it the band guzzled MDMA in the US during their tour in 1985. Some remixes  of Sanctuary are decidedly dancey, even excluding one from a few years  back, in the mid 90's. Very little by the Cult comes close to the  brilliance of Love, but Dreamtime is worth hearing as it illustrates the  bands progress. Fame went to their heads, I reckon, they turned away from  goth in favour of a heavier sound which did nothing for me. Check my view  on Dreamtime, and buy this CD, it's a beauty!
B00000J7JO|5.0|If you like any Red Hot song...then definately get this one guys...the  vocal and instrumental aspects of this album are excellent, and are so  great that you could listen to this over and over and over again...
B000002LR6|5.0|This cd it awesome, The first time I put it in the cd player I was blown  away with NWO, then came on Just one fix and then T.V.2 My personal  favorite, and then it was Hero which also amzazing. The first five songs  are great and Psalm 69 is good too, but the other three are also good. This  is my favorite Ministry album. I would buy this if you like industrial rock  because this cd is it.
B000002KHY|5.0|I wish I could give this more than 5 stars.  Anyone who was alive and over  the age of one during the 70s will remember these songs, and have all kinds  of terrific associations with them.  It's interesting -- the memories are  probably so terrific just because these songs were playing somewhere in the  background, they just make people happy and warm.  You can't help it, not  that (one would hope) you'd want to.  For anyone who came of age in later  decades, and was unfortunate enough not to have a cousin, aunt, etc to  introduce you to James Taylor, PLEASE check this album out.  You will never  regret it.  When I think of words like mellow, or friendly, or beatiful, at  least as such words apply to music, thoughts of this album are in the back  of my mind.  Just buy it, you fool, what are you waiting for?
B000002UZ4|5.0|I have never been able to decide if the Pet Shop Boys are truly masters of  the heart or just simply middle class angst at its finest.  Either way, the  Pet Shop Boys have the remarkable ability to combine melodies of music and  voice into danceable works of art.  The Pet Shop Boys often sing of hope in  the most dire of situations because after all, the music plays forever...
B00003CX6P|5.0|In the early sixties, French star Alain Delon had already impersonated Tom  Ripley in the first version of Patricia Highsmith's novel. Directed by Ren&eacute;  Cl&eacute;ment, PLEIN SOLEIL (High sun) was interesting but Ren&eacute; Cl&eacute;ment was  obliged to hide the ambiguous side of Tom Ripley and focused his attention  on the machiavelic plan that Ripley imagined in order to commit the perfect  murder.<br />Forty years later, director Anthony Minghella can at last  translate into images the subtlety of Tom Ripley's character. In my  opinion, Matt Damon is OUTSTANDING as Ripley ; he could kill a dozen  persons and we would still find good reasons to forgive him. He is only a  victim of unfair circumstances.<br />The cinematography is also to be praised,  Anthony Minghella declining one by one the whole litany of the visual  symbols for the theme of the double. Great musical score and actors giving  excellent performances. Since the DVD also offers interviews, a commentary  and the usual trailer, you can without hesitation consider THE TALENTED MR.  RIPLEY as<br />A DVD for your library.
0881032565|5.0|&quot;And Then There Were None&quot; is, in my opinion, Agatha Christie's  best book. Ten people, strangers to each other, each receive invitations to  stay with a friend of theirs on a famous island. However, when they arrive  there, no one is at the house. They settle down for the night to wait, and  one of them is killed. This is a very suspenseful book, with an ending  that's as surprising as Agatha Christie's other endings. I think it's a  great book you should definitely read. Just make sure you don't read it at  night!
B00004U5SC|5.0|Director Georges Stevens's SHANE is without contest, in my opinion, one of  the 50 best movies ever made and should take a place of choice in any  serious movie lover's library. SHANE offers a large number of scenes which  already belong to Movie History. Jack Palance's character, for instance,  has inspired I don't know how many actors in the following years and will  become in the seventies a hero, with the anglo-french name of Phil Defer  (!), of one of the books of the well-known belgian comics serie LUCKY LUKE.  The provoked duel with Elisha Cook Jr is one of the most intense gunfights  ever filmed.<br />This movie will also inspire Clint Eastwood whose PALE RIDER  is a vibrant homage to SHANE : same location, same hero coming from nowhere  who quickly becomes a substitute father for a child. Just take the time to  watch once again Eastwood's masterpiece with the glasses of SHANE and you  will be amazed.<br />Director George Stevens proves here that he deserves to  take place in the legend of Hollywood and I cannot wait for his other  movies to be released in the DVD standard. The actors are perfect with a  special word for Ben Johnson playing a bad guy with a heart.<br />A DVD which  is already in your library.
6305546789|5.0|I KNOW THIS WILL PROBABLY NOT GET PRINTED BUT TO THE PERSON WHO THINKS  THAT ALL THE SPECIAL FEATURES ARE ONLY IN THE LIMITED 2 DISC SET THEY ARE  NOT. THE SINGLE DISC CONTAINS EVERYTHING EXCEPT FOR THE TELEVISION VERSION  OF HALLOWEEN WHICH IS JUST THE SAME BASIC MOVIE WITH USELESS BUT  INTERESTING SMALL ADDITIONS. AND THE SINGLE DISC IS NON-LIMITED!!!! BUY  IT!!!! IT'S THX WIDESCREEN DD 5.1!! PLEASE PRINT THIS!!
014017821X|5.0|Do you have the courage to enter Angela Carter's quirky realm of magical  realism? She is brilliant. BRILLIANT! I love these short stories -- or  rather, fairy tales that everyone is familiar with. The stories have very  familiar themes, like tragic love stories, werewolf stories and  Cinderella-like stories. Of course, Angela added her own ingredients in the  stories. There are a lot of elements of sex and a large dosage of magical  realism. They are so mind-boggling disturbing that I found myself thinking  about them long after I finished reading them. My favorites are &quot;The  Lady of the House of Love,&quot; &quot;The Snow Child,&quot; and &quot;The  Werewolf.&quot; I marvel at Carter's imagination. She is truly gifted. Her  writing style sort of reminds me of Amanda Filipacchi -- a brilliant French  novelist. In fact, I wonder if Carter influenced Filipacchi's work. I  highly recommend The Bloody Chamber. This isn't for the faint at heart;  this is dark literature at its finest!
B00004X0M6|5.0|please buy this cd, 'cause all the songs r so great. i like &quot;entre tu  y mil mares&quot;(&quot;between u and thousand seas&quot;), that's the  first single of this cd, and &quot;un error de los grandes&quot;(&quot;one  of the biggest mistakes&quot;), it's just great !! good music !! u should  listen her !!!
B00000DLVA|1.0|Listening to this album made me furious!I mean,the Cardigans were once  known for being a 60's style pop band with a special talent to write dreamy  pop songs.Along with the Sundays,Saint Ettienne and Cinnamon,they were one  of those groups which proved that being innocent is not necesserily a bad  point in the music world.So their development was really heart breaking for  me.There's nothing like &quot;Carnival&quot; or &quot;Fine&quot; here.Most  of the tracks are full of loops and enervating refrains.No chance to find a  snare or a xylophone,that's for sure.The &quot;Life&quot; album seems to be  long forgotten by the members of the group.Ofcourse &quot;The first band on  the moon&quot; showed a slight new direction but i could never imagine what  would follow.The thing is that bands like Morcheeba and Garbage can  write  this kind of music surely much better than the Swedes and i also think that  Nina's voice is loosing all it's magic and beautiness by singing all this  electro-junk.This is definetely the biggest dissapointment i ever  experienced as a music fan.
B000001E7T|5.0|This is by far PJ's best album.  In it she tackles bigger topics than most  songwriters are willing to touch with a ten-foot pole, and relays them  honestly and intelligently.  Every song is full of power and forceful  emotion.  A must buy for any PJ Harvey fan.
B000002BMD|3.0|Listening to &quot;Everything must go&quot; was kind of a disappointment for me.It's not that this is a bad album.It's just that while past projects  of the Manics had more anarchy and agressiveness in their sound,this is  more lo-fi and less exciting.Where did all the anger go?Who knows.Nowadays  the band seems more down to earth and tend to write deeply(more than needed  to be honest)philosophical lyrics.In &quot;A Desigh for life&quot; if you  read between the lines you will find a  we-are-the-english-working-class-and-we-are-ready-to-explode  message.Yes,it's a good song but certaintly not a &quot;Motorcycle  Emptyness&quot;.There are also some other good moments here like  &quot;Australia&quot;,&quot;Removables&quot; and &quot;Everything Must  Go&quot; but the track which works best is no other than  &quot;Interiors&quot; where the band remembers it's raw-rock past.The  problem with this  though is that everything else here is  moderate.&quot;Enola/Alone&quot;,&quot;The Girl who wanted to be God&quot;  and &quot;Elvis impersonator&quot; are frankly dull and Bradfield's voice  sounds for the first time mild and passionless.Maybe it was like that all  along but with a melody like &quot;La Tristesste Duvera&quot; behind him  who could notice?The fact is that the Manic Street Preachers have  changed.Someone could say they have grown up more but at the same time it  seems to me that they 've lost a big part of their energy.Nowone claims  that all they did at the old times was rocking and screaming but right now  they sound more tired than ever.
B00000JN3F|5.0|This is a must-have for any serious Godzilla movie lover.  I hope they  hurry and release Godzilla 2000 [English region 1] on DVD, as well as all  the other Godzilla movies that they have yet to release on DVD in the USA.   King Kong vs. Godzilla and Godzilla vs. Destroyah [aka Destroyer] are among  the best - but those don't come in this set.  Still, these movies in this  set are a must-have for any serious collector or even hobbiest.  Godzilla  rules! [Not the 1998 one though! &lt;g&gt;]
B00000J7J4|4.0|With the help of artists like Everlast, Lauryn Hill, Rob Thomas of  Matchbox 20, and Sting, Carlos Santana rises to the top once again.  This  time he is reaching out to a bigger audience.  The First single, with  Everlast, Put Your Lights On, is a mixture of a typical Everlast ballad,  added in with some extra guitar punch.  The song title is decidedly  gigglesome, but with all seriousness it still stands.  Carlos is leaping  into the humungous world of modern rock with a breezy style, and one weird  sasparillo.  He proves that Tejano-latin music and Bueno Como Va weren't  his only stops on the musical train ride.  He lets big name artists sing  away, while he stuns the world yet again with his amazing guitar skills.   Carlos has an itch that he wants you to rub for him and it's a big one all  right.  The second single, Smooth with Rob Thomas is somewhere close to a  funky-love song that invites the crowd in a diner to get their groove on as  they please on the many blique table top surfaces, as a happy couple keeps  the marriage alive and kicking via champagne and a lot of lovemaking.   \\"You've got the kind of loving that can be so smooth.  Give me your heart  make it real or else forget about it.\\"  On track 6 with Lauryn Hill, the  boundary is set but then broken once more only to find the neighborhood  bully back for another round of vodka and a good round of whooping up on  the small folk.  Carlos does not let his guitar playing or the funky beats  overpower the gleaming vocals that shine up like a new penny.  He  synchronizes everything in such a manner, that it would be hard to call  this album a \\"fluke.\\"  Even the faintest of rock fans will enjoy the  mandible duets that insert themselves in this Grammy award machine.  Now  the question that surfaces is, is Santana trying to save rock music or is  he just inserting another new style into his wave of complexity and  dexterity?  I don't think that question will be answered soon enough for  anyone to care.  Theonly thing you'll have to worry about is driving  safely under the influence of such \\"supernatural\\" beats as these.
B000002JSN|5.0|All the songs on this album are a classic.Some more than others. One song  on this album that gets overlooked often is Bron-Yr-Aur. This is an amazing  song and is probably my favorite song on this album.The guitar work is just  incredible, and that's from an experienced guitar player.I know its just a  two minute solo but it is almost like the guitar is singing itself.Of  coarse there are plenty of other classics on this album.Custard Pie,Houses  of  the Holy, Kashmir,Wanton Song,Black Country Woman are the songs that  come to mind immediatly.I don't really like Trampled Under Foot.If you want  to hear John Paul Jones's best keyboard work, listen to No Quarter.But  besides that, this album is a must have for any fan of rock or blues or  well, anything but pop.
B00003CXFG|1.0|This was the worst movie I have ever seen.  <br />:(
0446608955|4.0|To all of the critics out there, if you want Shakespeare, then read  Shakespeare.  But if you want to read a touching, fun, heartwarming  tearjerker of a novel, then sit back, relax and let yourself get lost in A  Walk to Remember.  Nicholas Sparks may not be the most literary writer out  there, but he touches a woman's heart the way D.M. Roman (the author of  Fried Calamari) touches a woman's psyche.  With Sparks, you know what you  get, and A Walk to Remember does not disappoint.
0451526295|5.0|I'm quite amazed at the absolute loathing Fanny Price awakens in so many  readers - why do people despise the one truly virtuous character, describe  her as weak, insipid, boring and all the rest, whereas Maria and Julia,  snooty, self-absorbed, conceited ... who consistently treat Fanny as a  doormat, are deemed interesting? As well as Mary Crawford, who may be nice  to her, but in an unbearably condescending way?  Why is virtue so  suspicious to modern readers? Why do we prefer sparkling froth (Mary  Crawford) to quiet depth (Fanny)?  Fanny is not living in 21st century  America and has a right to her values - she is a child of her time. She  also has her reasons for being the way she is - quiet, shy, humble,  sincere. Why do readers hate these qualities, why is there no empathy for  Fanny after the way she has been treated? As for Fanny being weak - are  these people crazy? Is it weak to resist the enormous pressure that Fanny  was up against to marry Henry Crawford? To escape her position of  dependency to become a highly respected woman of stature? What a wonderful  revenge it would have been to all those who looked down at her previously:  Maria, Julia, Mrs Norris! What freedom, at last! And yet Fanny resists: her  love for Edmund is stronger. Is this weakness? She does not fall prey to  Henry's Casanova charms, as so many society belles have done. Is this  weakness? She sees through his character, recognises him for what he is - a  frivolous womanizer. (How many modern-day so-called emancipated woman have  fallen for such types! ) She has the strength to stand to her own opinions,  and upholds her moral strength in spite of her lowly position. I call that  admirable! That is genuine self-esteem, not the shallow self-infatuation  readers seem to demand in a heroine.. She is not swayed by Henry's  professions of eternal love - for someone who has never known a man's - or  anybody's - love, who has no hopes of ever winning the man she loves - this  is extraordinary. A lesser woman would have been so hungry for love she'd  have melted at such devotion! But Fanny knows what she wants, and finally  her quiet strength shines through and wins. This novel is a masterpiece,  Fanny is wise, strong, deep, Austen's strongest and most interesting  heroine by far.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I rarely cry at movies, but this was the first movie that I have cried at in a very long time.  The story and the images (specifically the bag in the  wind, for those of you who have seen the movie, which is what moved me to  tears) are unlike any I have ever seen.  Instead of the perfect life/happy  ending image common among most movies, American Beauty steps over the edge  and shows what life is really like for some, possibly even most.  I  recommend this movie for everyone (that is, everyone old enough to  understand the stories and watch some scenes).
B00000AFWW|4.0|So maybe this CD was a departure from her screaming riot grrl past, but  Courtney can still sing. She is just a little more polished than before.  Eric Erlandson is absolutely a driving force in this CD. Billy Corgan had  relatively little to do with it, despite all his claims. This CD is  definitely good for mellowing out.
B00004TLMC|3.0|I'm afraid that what I look for in a movie is out of phase with the  expectations of most other viewers and reviewers of this film.  To really  enjoy a movie, I need some sort of emotional connection to either the main  characters or to the situation.  I usually get this out of Kubrick's films  but, for me, it was missing in EYES WIDE SHUT.  <br />I absolutely agree with  previous viewers intellectual analyses of the movie and its  juxtapositioning of dream-state versus reality and discussions of Bill's  obsessive reactions to his jealousy, and, yes, the mood is surrealistic.  I  have no arguments with any of this, in fact I wholly agree.<br />I am, by the  way, a fan of Kubrick's, and have found something to make me love, hate,  laugh, or cry in most of his other movies, and agree that he will be  missed, but, in my opinion, not for EYES WIDE SHUT.  I don't think that it  will stand the test of time as well as many of his earlier movies.<br />I just  couldn't find much to like (or, for that matter, to strongly dislike) in  Cruise's or Kidman's characters.  (Yes, I know, that wasn't the point of  this movie.  I realize that.  But that emotional connection is important to  me.)  I wish I could have cared about them or their relationship, but I  just didn't.<br />Sorry!
0446677450|4.0|Robert Kiyosaki's best seller should be required everyone who has ever  heard of 401k. Using a comparison of two pivotal men in his life, Kiyosaki  leads the reader into a discussion of how we think about money. His father,  a highly educated man, never achieved financial success. His second father  figure did not finish eighth grade, but went on to build a financial  empire.<br />The juxtaposition of these two fathers and their views about  money is used as a historical travelogue through Kiyosaki's life. He talks  about the differences in opinions and how following traditional advice  about working hard in a corporation or the government can lead to stable  employment (if you are lucky) at the cost of independence and financial  success. Using good financial judgement is not common, but can lead you to  riches and freedom using using tax loopholes, property, investments, and  employees.<br />The book is easy to understand because it was written for a  mass audience. I believe a good editor would tighten up the text and remove  some of the random typos, improving the readability of the book. This is  why the book only received four instead of five stars.<br />How you think  about money will lead you to riches or make you a slave for wages. Read  &quot;Rich Dad, Poor Dad&quot; if you want to take control of your  financial future.
B000006ZDR|5.0|This is another Sabbath classic with Ronnie James Dio.From the blistering  opening,Turn up the Night to the last track Over and Over this album is a  must buy.This one contains songs like,Voodoo,an eerie demonic riff,with  equally errie vocals from Dio.Next is Sign of the Southern Cross,a very  eerie and dark song which rivals any other dark songs from the Ozzy  years.The Mob Rules is a blistering classic,fast paced and hard  driving.Country Girl is a good song,but the second side has the fast  paced,Falling off the Edge of the World,a great song and very complimentary  to the second Dio recording.If you like Sabbath invest in this.
6305922756|5.0|Having played music for a living for 5 years, I always think maybe I'm a  bit bias on how much I love this movie. But what makes Spinal Tap so  enjoyable besides the subject matter, is the formation of such likable  characters. Chrisopher Guest, Michael McKean and Harry Shear are just too  good for words. They have managed to establish characters that equally  laughable and likeable at the same time. That's quite an acomplishment. A  movie like this only comes around once in awhile.
B000006ZDQ|5.0|This album featuring the new line up in 1980 is truly one of Sabbath's  greatest albums.Although different than the Ozzy years,it is one of their  heaviest and powerful recordings ever.Neon Knights,a fast hard driving  classic opens the first side,followed by the demonic sounding power ballad  Children of the Sea.Next comes Lady Evil a evil fast paced classic.Heaven  and Hell closes the side going with it's slow,powerful riff,which marks it  as a Sabbath classic.Side two has the powerful Die Young and power ballad  Lonely is the Word.This album is a must for a true Sabbath fan.If you don't  have it-buy it you won't be disappointed.
B00004W55E|5.0|I have waited soooo long for this cd, and it has been worth it!!!  I knew  this cd would be as good or better than the one's before. Such a beautiful  and rare talent, Rachelle I love you, keep your head up!!!!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem has come out with the greatest album in the history of music. Where  his anger comes from I have no clue, but it's what makes this album what it  is...he makes me think that multi-platinum artists got it bad. Keep it up  man!
6302206294|5.0|Kevin Costner plays yet another Robin Hood in this wonderful action  adventure movie.  In my opinion though, this one is set off from all the  others.  Costner plays Robin's part just fine and the supporting cast is  fantastic.  I didn't even notice his accent until I read the many  complaints people made in their reviews.       This movie has a great plot  starting out with a prison scene that is kind of creepy but plays a vital  role on how he meets Azim.  It goes on to how he sets off back to England  only to find his father dead and ends up living with a band of outlaws in  the forrest.  In time he becomes their leader and helps lead a  semi-revolution against the Sherrif.         The best part of the movie I  think was when the barbarian savages are attacking the village and while  every one else is fleeing, Robin plucks up three arrows sticks two in the  ground, then one by one starts mowing off the savages.  That was an great  part.        I would recomend this video to people who are tired of the  &quot;action adventure&quot; movies that have no plots and are nothing but  a bunch of explosions and gun fights.  This movie is for the whole family  and someday I think will become a classic.
0060977264|4.0|I'm not sure if this is a romance book or a religious book, but I'm sure  that it's very good.
B00000JCB2|1.0|One thing I cannot stand is a manufactured rock band. Yes, boys and girls,  rock bands CAN be manufactured, just like 'Nsync and Britney Spears were.  And Limp Bizkit are as manufactured as rock music comes. Everything on this  album is set by the &quot;rock-rap cliche&quot;, which is essentially this:  take some heavy (but not at all masterful) guitar riffs, write up some  random, meaningless  vocals, mix it up with some pointless scratching and  add a couple of high-profile guests (just like all of them cool hip-hop  artists do... get it?) and voila! we have &quot;Significant Other&quot;. I  bought this parody for an album originally because I liked Nookie, which is  the one decent song on here (except, maybe, Nobody Like You, which is  listenable), but I haven't been able to listen to the whole album more than  two or three times before I put it down for good. Do you really want this  album? Well, it depends. If you want a trendy, overhyped record from a band  without much talent, which you can listen to just to be &quot;cool&quot;,  be sure to pick up &quot;Significant Other&quot;. I'm predicting that Limp  Bizkit will be &quot;cool&quot; for another year or two, considering that  their next record by the looks of it is absolutely identical to this one.  Be warned, however, that after Limp Bizkit's 15 minutes of fame are  through, you will never listen to this album ever again. Now, does that  make buying the album worth it to you personally? You decide!
0449227421|1.0|Why is Ken Follett popular?  I've never read any of his other novels, but  he seems to be an author with a loyal following, both commercially and  critically.<br />But THE THIRD TWIN is awful.  Horrid.  Detestable.  I kept  screaming at it to get better, but it didn't listen.<br />I hate this novel.  Hate it.  Hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it.  I hate its characters,  of which it has none.  I hate its style, of which it has none.  And I hate  how it assumes that a reader will not know the difference between a tightly  wound thriller and a hack job.<br />I hate the indifference with which this  book was written.  I hate its condescending attitude towards the reader.  I  hate how miserable it made me.  I hate how I will never get the hours I  spent reading it back.<br />I hate the fact that I cannot do a decent critical  evaluation of its innumerable flaws.  I hate how its astonishing ineptitude  overwhelms my senses.<br />I am heartened, however, that I survived.  I have  visited the depths of literary hell, that circle where trashy  autobiographies, books based on gameshows, novelizations of bad films, and  anonymous porn are consigned to linger.  I have dwelled in the nadir of  English fiction, and have emerged unscathed.  A little sadder, perhaps, but  a little wiser, too.  And with the firm promise to myself never to believe  anything a book jacket blurb says ever again.
0553274503|4.0|When I first got this book from the library, I was not excited at all  about reading. By looking at the cover, it looked like a boring and dull  book. After starting it, I felt the complete opposite.<br />I had to read this  book as a reading assignment over the summer for my 10th grade English  class. When I started to read the book, I got hooked right away. It is a  very interesting from the point of view of Charlie and his progress  reports. <br />At times, this book seemed too long, and boring. Those times  occured in the middle of the book and near the end, when Charlie is at the  zenith of his intelligence. When Charlie was very intelligent, sometimes it  was hard for me (and most likely other readers) to fully understand his  vocabulary and the points he was trying to get across. I was thinking that  this may be one of Daniel Keyes techniques, because in making it difficult  for the reader to understand, it shows just how smart Charlie really  became.<br />I really enjoyed this book a lot, and I think it is a book for  all ages; from junior high age to adult. It was very interesting, and I  would definately pick it up for a second reading.
6305073341|5.0|i love watching this movie it has lots of blood and violence and thats the  kind of movies i like i have all 3 movies robo,robo2,robo3.
B000002KKC|3.0|Had Fleetwood Mac edited this overly long follow-up to the classic  &quot;Rumors&quot; album down from a double to a a single, they might have  had another classic on their hands.  As it is, there is far too much filler  and not enough first rate material here.  They may have been trying to  avoid repeating themselves, but they succeeded by producing an inferior  album.
B00004TWZF|5.0|A diver's classic movie.  <br />Le Grand Bleu originally came out in 1988 and  is a classic with new generation of diving fanatics.  Incredible scenery of  the sea all over the world, romance, silence, mysticism, a timeless  soundtrack.  Luc Besson, a diver and son of divers, directed this tribute  to sea-lovers and the sea with childlike eyes.  Ice diving, free-diving,  wreck diving, deep dives, night diving... everything's there. I've watched  this movie already a few dozen times and cannot detach myself from the  scenery. It will forever be part of my collection.
B000002KGT|5.0|A rare instance in which a massive hit album is as good musically as it  was popular, &quot;Rumours&quot; became one of the biggest selling albums  of all time based on absolutely superior songwriting.  Even those few songs  on the album that weren't hits are first rate.  The hits include  &quot;Dreams,&quot; &quot;Don't Stop,&quot; &quot;Go Your Own Way,&quot;  and &quot;You Make Lovin Fun&quot; but such songs as &quot;Second Hand  News,&quot; &quot;The Chain,&quot; &quot;I Don't Want to Know&quot; and  &quot;Gold Dust Woman&quot; are every bit as good.  There were two romantic  breakups going on at the time this album was being produced and never has  such emotion produced such great music.  One of the absolute best albums of  the 1970s.
B000003CKH|5.0|I got this CD after my friend played &quot;The Distance&quot; and  &quot;Italian Leather Sofa&quot; from her brother's CD while we were  camping. Turns out her brother has good taste ;) But the cd is great. I  went out and got it... and not only cuz her brother is wicked hot. The  songs are really great and it turned me on to a different perspective of  music that I really never listened to. I used to be into hard core... but I  guess I've kinda grown out of it... But anyways... This is Great. Get it.
B000002KXO|3.0|Were &quot;Mirage&quot; the first Fleetwood Mac album, it wuld probably  not have been a disappointment.  Unfortunately, living up to the standars  of their massive hit &quot;Rumours&quot; proved to be a tough task indeed.  &quot;Hold Me,&quot; is an excellent single, and there are plenty of other  agreeable, radio-ready songs on this album.  But ultimately, it lacks the  fierce emotions that fueled the band's best work.  Ardent fans will love  this album, casual fans will probably find it wanting.
B0000004V2|5.0|I grew up in Longsight , Manchester , England and this album is especially  important for a huge number of people who come from Manchester- It is great  to see so many American reviewers who hold this album in high esteem.  <br />Faultless end to end and only bettered by their second &amp; final  album.<br />Mere words cannot justify this album
B000002KD5|5.0|Though not quite as big a seller as their massive hit album  &quot;Rumours&quot; that would appear two years later, the self-titled  debut of the Stevie Nicks-Lindsey Buckingham led Fleetwood Mac is nearly as  good an album.  Mac classics abound, incuding &quot;Monday Morning,&quot;  &quot;Rhiannon,&quot; &quot;Over My Head,&quot; &quot;Landslide&quot;  (later inexplicably covered by the Smashing Pumpkisns) and &quot;Say You  Love Me&quot; that began the Mac's domination of the airwaves.  Though  soft-rock in sound, there is nothing wimpy about Mac's songwriting or  musical abilities.  Along with &quot;Rumours,&quot; this is a must own for  fans of 70s rock.
B000006XSD|1.0|This album is dire. Production is overblown and the quality of the songs  is consistently poor.<br />I think the key to this album is to drink a litre  bottle of Jack Daniels &amp; then listen to it. Only then will you truly  appreciate it. I IS NOT GOOD<br />If you see it in a record store - PUT IT  BACK AND WALK AWAY
B000002L9Y|2.0|Fleetwood Mac never again came close to replicating the success of their  massive hit album &quot;Rumours,&quot; and by the time this album rolled  around ten years later they had pretty much exhuasted their creative  collaberation.  Though most of &quot;Tango in the Night&quot; is a pleasent  listen, it lacks the emotional edge of their best work.  In fact, after a  few listens, it is utterly forgettable.  Guitarist Lindsey Buckingham left  the band after the release of &quot;Tango,&quot; which effective ended the  era of &quot;Rumours.&quot;
B000002A3T|4.0|A very gorgeous, warm, accessible and personal, if not intimate,  collection of songs from a band who has too long been thought of as  detached stadium rockers.
B000002U9W|5.0|Reading one particular review below, I became infuriated.  This ignorant  reviewer stated that, in so many words,'one has to be under the  influence'to like this album.  What the hell's your damage man?  This album  is gorgeous, and is my second favorite Floyd album(Meddle being my first).   I could outline the entire album for you, but I won't.  Instead, I'll tell  you about the best track, in my humble opinion, on this record.  Alan's  psychedelic breakfast is remarkable.  The beginning a)rise and shine is a  stunning opening for this brilliant piece of music, but the main point of  focus in this review are parts b)Sunny Side Up and c)Morning Glory.  As  rise and shine subsides, and Sunny side Up begins, this song enters into a  totally awesome guitar piece, played by the great David Gilmour.  Beautiful  accoustics.  Around four minutes later,this ends and Morning Glory begins.   Morning Glory(part c of Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast) is my favorite part  of this song.  The truly unique thing about morning glory is that, as each  &quot;verse&quot;(pardon the term) of an instrument ends, another  instrument is added into the mix.   Listen to this album, seriously.<br />The  afore-mentioned reviewer knows nothhing of Pink Floyd.  He/She fits into  the category of people that own Dark Side and The Wall and possibly Wish  you were Here.  This is not a true fan of Pink Floyd.  The reviewer  probably couldn't even tell you who Nick Mason is, without consulting the  his/her cd booklet.  Don't be influenced by this reviewer's opinion.  For  that matter, don't be influenced by mine.  Buy this album and decide for  yourself.  I promise you won't regret it!
B000002C1W|2.0|Recorded after the loss of Waters and the loss of interest of Wright and  Mason, A Momentary Lapse in Reason is a Gilmour solo album, basically.  Bohemian works like Learning to Fly and Sorrow are passionate enough to  work well. Sympathetic weeps for humanity such as On the Turning Away or  Dogs of War come off as flaky and pompous. Waters knew how to display  intellectual tendencies without coming off as pretentious. He also knew how  to make music that is timeless while this album, with its high pitched  keyboards and its constant unneeded guitar solos, sounds unmistakably 80s.  The more personal aspects of Gilmour's music, heard on his self-entitled  solo album and Pink Floyd's The Division Bell work best. Only for Pink  Floyd completionists.
B0000042H4|4.0|I think the engineers for this production were trying too hard. All the  singers were mike as if for a rock concert. And that is no acceptable to  me. I had to use my graphic equalizer to synthesize a more realistic opera  house sound. Other than that, the performance is very respectable.  Especially for the great Swedish dramatic soprano heading the cast. Nilsson  is always a joy to listen to. She is the only true high dramatic soprano,  Flagstad having some troubles with the tessitura of Brunhilde at times. But  the ease of Nilsson's upper range is brilliant. She is in a class of her  own in terms of Wagner. I also recommend all of her Turandots, and her  Tristan und Isolde as well. Windgassen is ok, I guess we can't do any  better these days.
0140067477|5.0|This book is the best available introduction to taoism. If you don't like  this book, you won't appreciate taoism.
B00004TCPJ|5.0|Horowitz, now this guy leaves me breathless after his magnificent playing  of Rachmaninoff's third. This concerto has always been a favorite of mine,  I've many recordings of it, including Wild, Askenazy, and others. No one  can match the power of this pianist. He does indeed chill the spine. And  the performance is so beautiful also. However the sound is only passable.  But this is a must addition to any classical music buff.
0385424736|4.0|Whilst I was aware of John Grisham's popularity and had seen some of the  screen adaptations, I had never felt compelled to read one of his books.   Then, by chance, one day I picked up a copy of `The Rainmaker' from my  university library and, after only a few pages found myself unable to put  it down.  From the very beginning the story is made personal and intriguing  and as it continues you find yourself wanting to know how the story will  progress and how it will ultimately be concluded.  One of the great  strengths of the book is the way that it introduces characters and returns  to them in later plotlines, creating a very real world.  The telling of the  story in the first person format also enhances the personal aspect of the  book, as you read you can hear Rudy Baylor's voice in your head and almost  take the journey with him.<br />It is essential that in a book that is over  560 pages long that the story is gripping throughout and that it maintains  the reader's interest, and this reworking of the David and Goliath theme  certainly manages this.  With the author's legal background, the attention  to detail is also impressive and the narrative is as effective in the  courtroom as it is outside, maybe even more so.<br />Even though I picked up  this book with no expectations, I finished it a huge John Grisham fan.  I  am now mid way through my eighth Grisham novel and would certainly  recommend `The Rainmaker', as well as several others, to anyone in search  of an entertaining story containing believably flawed characters.
6305127689|4.0|Well i've only recently seen this film. I know i'm a bit behind, but it  did'nt really interest me when it first came out. The whole concept of this  movie is excellent, pitching the best of the best, against the best.  <br />'Top Gun' is losly based the romance between Tom Crusie and Kerry  Mcgillis. it's also action, with some of the best The dog fight sequences  i've seen. <br />Everybody knows the well known quote&quot; I feel the need.  The need for Speed &quot; <br />Jerry Bruckheimer has been around for some  time, and has Directed/Produced some of the best films in the last 10  years. <br />Just add this one to your shopping list
B000002NHN|5.0|If you close your eyes and think of Ireland, while playing this c.d,  you'll probably want to cry. I'm only sixteen, but this has to be the best  c.d i've ever bought (and ive bought alot). And, if youve got some Irish  blood in you, and you ve always wanted to go to Ireland,or maybe you have,  this is the one for you, i promise.
6303314015|5.0|The Lion King has beautiful animation, GREAT songs (Be Prepared sends  shivers down my spine), good characters, a brilliant villain (unlike  certain other Disney bad guys) and marvellously quotable dialogue.  This  and Mulan are my favourites, however I can't watch the scene with Mufasa's  death because I cry too much.  I definitely recommend this film, however I  can't bear the Timon and Pumbaa spin-off.
6304681496|5.0|This rocks! The best action movie since &quot;Die Hard&quot;. Parolee  Cameron Poe(Nicolas Cage) has to 'save the f**kin' day' when a plane is  taken over by a bunch of psychos,headed by a brilliantly menacing John  Malkovich(as Cyrus the Virus) Con Air is a hugely entertaining,energetic  film with terrific dialogue and top notch performances from a great cast  that includes John Cusack,Ving Rhames,Steve Buscemi,Colm Meaney and Monica  Potter.Great fun.Highly recommended.
6301607929|5.0|Get your hands on a copy of this video!  If you like William Holden and  Kim Novack, you will love their chemistry in this movie.  Picnic is a  masterpiece of sensuality and characterizations.  Just sit back and go to  this picnic on Labor Day in a town with people you will never forget.
0783227019|4.0|In 1983,Brian DePalma and Al Pacino collaborated to make the greatest  movie of all time,Scarface.Ten years later they re-united to make  &quot;Carlito's Way&quot;,it doesn't quite scale the heights of their  previous masterpiece but it is still a terrific movie. Carlito Brigante is  an ex-con just out of prison determined to go straight.But his past keeps  coming back to haunt him. Carlito is like an older,wiser version of Tony  Montana.Al is excellent as usual.He looks the essence of cool with his  slick Puerto Rican accent and beard(reminiscent of  &quot;Serpico&quot;,perhaps?) Sean Penn is brilliant as Al's coked up  lawyer David Kleinfeld, who has hair like Art Garfunkel and glasses like  John Lennon. I hope DePalma and Pacino will make another film together  again in 2003.
B00003CXDG|1.0|This has got to be the worst John Woo movie I've seen since Broken Arrow.  I really don't understand why this movie didn't do anothing for me, but I was on the verge of falling asleep through the whole thing. No action  sequence for about 1 hour and 15 minutes?  This isn't Woo!  When I go see a  John Woo film, I go to see the cinematic gunplay and the beautiful camera  work.  The camera work is there, but the action is absent until the end of  the film.  I won't go on much longer, but it seemed to me John Woo took a  back seat to Tom Cruise, who was directing himself .......... Sigh, another  disappointment in a long line of disappointments.  At least one good thing  came from this film -- the makers of X-Men fired Dougray Scott because he  had to finish filming this movie and they got Hugh Jackman (kudos!).
B000002KAT|5.0|I could use a lot of words to describe the merits of this album but as a  matter of fact only one word is needed: magnificent! Buy this album, listen  to it and I am sure you will instantly recognize it as an all time classic  of peerless beauty.
B00003CX95|4.0|I really like this movie, but.... In an all seriousness Rob Roy is a much  more compelling movie. It stuck with me much longer.
6304675348|5.0|I just finished watching this movie for the 2nd time so I could review it  and it was just as good as the first time. Since Wes Craven directed the  movie it was better than the first time I watched it,since I was not really  paying attention the first time. It had everything to make a good horror  movie acting was good,fx was good and alot of scarys and blood, I really  liked it. If you haven't seen it you should, I can't wait to see 2 and 3.  So see the movie you'll like it.
B000000YNZ|5.0|This is the &quot;perfect&quot; ballads album from Bill. As strong as silk  thread, tender and moving all at the same time!<br />When you see him bends  his back, lower his head down, eyes closed, fingers gently touching the  keys....how can you not be moved with this recording? Man!<br />Read his books  and you understand how this is a shy, loving man who just pours himself  anytime he produces the music. Simply one of the most intelligent persons  in the music business, before and after, he is here with the carefully  selected tunes to accomodate his sensitive side, thumbs up to Orrin  Keepnews who compiled this only all-ballads album from Evans!<br />Check out  If You Could See Me Now....or I Fall In Love Too Easily..you'll understand  how this man can simply describe the color of the rainbow and the soft  radiant evenings with fewest notes possible...carefully arranged, simply  astonishing! How did he do it?<br />The mover, the shaker, the genius that  inspires the millions, the center of the soft glowing light, here it is:  Bill Evans!
0525457585|5.0|This book will absolutely take you to Fantastica. If you don't begin to see the worl we live in as a different place, you didn't read very hard.  Not just young kids should read it. I think adults should read it more than  kids. The greatest challenge in this life is to see it for more than meets  the eye. This book will help you and anyone else who reads it to dream,  hope, and explore.
0881032638|5.0|After reading Arthur C. Clarke's short story 'The Sentinal,' filmaker  Stanely Kubrick enlisted the author's aide in creating what he deemed the  'perverbial good science-fiction movie.'  The result of this great  collaberation was '2001: A Space Odyssey.'  The novel, which came out after  the movie but was created at the same time, is a stirring tale of human  evolution, exploration, and hope.  The story begins with our ape-like  progenitors and their discovery of a odd object- a black monolith, that  boosts their IQ to a level that will promote thier evolution.  Fast forward  three million years: NASA discovers a strange object- a black monolith,  buried beneath the lunar surface.  When the sun hits it for the first time  in three million years it sends a signal across the solar system.  The  expedition that follows is filled with hope, but will it succeed?  The  novel does have several minor differences from the 1968 film- for instance  the planet of destination is Saturn, not Jupiter.  But if you have seen the  film and are a little confused as to what the monolith is and just what  transformation the astronaut Bowman underwent, the book will answer you  questions.  A marvel of science-ficton!
6304132271|5.0|David Fincher's &quot;Seven&quot; is a film that absolutely pulled me in  every direction. The look of it alone is masterful. Both Morgan Freeman and  Brad Pitt are excelent, as is Gweneth Paltrow and the guy who plays the  killer here (if you don't know who it is I won't spoil it for you..) It is  not the typical &quot;cops chase killer&quot; movie, and was unlike  anything I've even seen before. Not a lot of gore, but several frightening  and disturbing scenes including an ending that made me feel like I had been  kicked in the stomach. Incredible.
6301025040|2.0|The only good thing about this piece of schlock is that it wasn't  boring.It doesn't do much justice to real life vietnam vets nor does it  hide any pretense of portraying realism in war.My favorite scene has to be  when RAMBO was in the helicopter and he fired a LAW without taking a shred  of damage to himself or his copter.If you want an action movie without much  intelligence,check it out.
B00004XPQL|5.0|Anybody that likes horror movies will LOVE Final Destination.  IT is one of the best films to be released in a long time.  Unlike most 90's horror  flicks, this movie is more about being frightening than trendy.  The  cinematography is excellent. The cast is great.  The scares are  frightening. You won't regret seeing this one. :-)
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert's novel 'Dune,' ranks among the great works of fiction and  is perhaps the greatest of it's genre.  The novel is a subtle but effective  weaving together of political intrigue, heart-racing action, intense story,  and incredably well-drawn characters.  Paul Atredies, the young son of the  Duke Leto, and his family are removed from their home world of Calidan to  oversee operations on the desert world of Arrakis, or as it is better  known, Dune.  The story that follows sees Paul grow not only into a man,  but into a super-human being capable of destroying the hated enemies of the  Atredies, the evil Harkonnen.  Herbert's understanding of human nature  serves him well in this novel and his concerns about our own ecology are  apparent.  Like Asimov's 'Foundation,' series and the 'Childe Cycle' of  Gorden R. Dickson, Herbert's 'Dune' is a classic of Science Fiction that  will ignite any reader's imagination.
B00000J6AG|4.0|All the tracks are great, and all are unique. What a treat. Play!
0800139151|4.0|Possibly the last good Sharon Stone movie, thanks in large part to  director Sam Raimi's frenetic camera agility and an excellent supporting  cast. Stone plays a woman hell bent on avenging her father's death, a  disturbing flashback reveals why it weighs so heavy on her shoulders. She  rides off into the sunset to a small frontier town to confront the powerful  man (Gene Hackman) responsible. It just so happens there is a gunfight  contest going on and, in order to get closer to the well guarded Hackman,  she signs up as the only woman on a bill filled with all sorts of wacky  western characters. A fun, thrilling movie that also features Russell Crowe  and Leonardo DiCaprio in wonderful supporting roles already showing their  charismatic leading man abilities.
B0000042MY|4.0|I thought the soundtrack was awesome, but the things that I hate about  some of it was the fact that they cut most of the Promentory out. The part  when Alice and Uncas died in the movie is my favorite part of the piece.  Also,  the ending to Top of the World really should include the end credits  in the movie. It would of made it more complete. Other than those, I  thought the soundtrack is one of the best soundtracks of all time, not to  mention the movie as also a very awesome movie.
B00003CX95|4.0|Yes, Braveheart is a great movie.  As far as DVDs go, this was one of the  most anticipated yet.  So with all of that time they spent getting  Braveheart to DVD, I was a bit dissapointed with the quality of the  transfer.  There are more than a few quite noticeable specks and dust  popping up throughout the entire movie.  I especially noticed them during  the first hour or so and they are particulary bothersome because of all the  time that it took to get this movie to DVD.  I'm sure Paramount could have  found a better source print to do their transfer, or at least cleaned up  the print that they had a little.<br />So where does that leave you?   Personally, I loved the movie so much that I would have bought it even if I  knew about the video quality.  If you're only marginally interested in  owning Braveheart on DVD, I would say spend your money elsewhere, or at  least hold out hope that they'll release a special edition of it someday  with a new transfer.
080010367X|4.0|First, I could enjoy seeing this film.This film has much humor. At the  same time, it has a coherent story line. This one isn't a long time film,  so I think you won't be bored. This is not the best film, but everyone can  enjoy freely.  Thank you.
4789004546|5.0|I bought this book in Japan, so I don't how how available it is in North  America.  This book has become a vital part of my Japanese language  library, helping me in more ways than I can count.  Along with my English  to Japanese dictionary, verb ductionary, and my kanji dictionary, this  helps me structure any sentence I've ever wanted.  By memorizing a few  formulas and understanding examples of grammar, I understand the language  so much more, I can express most thoughts I want, and I'm a step ahead of  most people in my Japanese class.  This is the transition for a beginner  student between simple and complex sentences.
B000001ESJ|4.0|This album is somewhat a &quot;concept&quot; album, with 2 major long  themes, &quot;Xanadu&quot; and &quot;Cygnus X-1&quot;. Both are great  epics. In &quot; A Farewell to Kings&quot;, the stops in the song makes it  a little haphazard sounding. &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot; is a great  song, it was the hit on the radio off of this album. &quot;Cinderella  Man&quot; starts off shakey, but as the song progresses sounds good. Also  &quot;Madrigal&quot; is good.
B00004U8H4|1.0|After first reading the amazing book, I was looking forward to seeing the  movie and was drastically disappointed.  Rather than weening out the best  parts of the book to tighten up the story into a feature length film, the  movie seemed like a random summary of the book, rather than a story in  itself.  The acting was wonderful and a few points captured the emotions  and tone of the book, but it is nothing in comparison.  If you want to  experience the desired effect of this story of 80's greed and yuppiness,  then skip the movie and read the book.
0345363132|5.0|I've always enjoyed historical novels but the length of this one made me  look forward to it with trepidation. However, once I started, I couldn't  stop. It was brilliant and well worth reading. The relationships were  beautifully drawn and the tension or love felt by the characters was passed  on to the reader. As I knew the basics of the story of Richard III I  dreaded getting to the end of the book as I knew he must die. This book  brought history to life.
B000003TA4|5.0|This record is one of those albums that come out once or twice per decade  that becomes an instant classic. Most likely the best album of the 90's,  Nevermind proves great at first listen. From the begining to the end, I  guarantee you will love this album. Go and buy it now!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002VCE|4.0|This is an often overlooked gem of southern rock. The Outlaws probably  didn't ever get the credit they deserved for some of their great songs,  complete with 3 guitars and vocal harmonies ala Eagles. &quot;Stick Around  for Rock and Roll&quot; is a great long jam. The beginning of &quot;Song  for You&quot; has a triple lead guitar switch off (Salem, Jones, Thomasson  respectively) which falls into a Thomasson and Jones harmony lead guitar  line, then Jones takes over briefly before the vocals. Most of this album  is everything you would expect in a southern rock album--lead guitar switch  offs, harmony guitar lines, and long jamming. Freddie Salem plays on this  release. He joined after Henry Paul left the band. &quot;Hurry  Sundown&quot; has a lot of spark to it, with Hughie on lead vocals, a great  harmony guitar line, and again lead guitars trading off. Then the band  kicks in with the epic &quot;Green Grass and High Tides&quot;. I believe  they stetched it out a little too far on this one. However, it's still a  great song. The lead guitars by Hughie Thomasson, Billy Jones, and Freddie  Salem are totally over the top. They have always been underrated, for  whatever reason. Unfortunately, those looking for a full Outlaws  reunion----sadly, it will never happen. Billy Jones and original bass  player Frank O'Keefe passed away in 1995.
6305537798|5.0|I love the movie and bought the sound track but was disappointed when it  lacked some of the songs that were on the movie.  If anybody knows what the  song is when they show the shots of Kat's neighborhood and then goes inside  where she's reading in the chair I would be forever grateful if you would  tell me.<br />yub_yub@excite.com
0316777722|5.0|It takes a lot to make me laugh outloud when I'm reading, but as the  people that were on the same flight with me this week can attest, this book  has what it takes. This collection of essays is well written and one of the  most entertaining books I've read in a long time. The chapter on lisping  gets the ball rolling and it just picks up speed from there. Be prepared to  laugh outloud!
B00004WKII|5.0|After buying this box set I definately wanted to leave my five stars and  review. As I read some of the other reviewers comments, I realized there  wasn't more to be said about this amazing collection. IT IS INCREDIBLE!!!  Make this purchase today. You won't be sorry.
B000002VCE|4.0|This is an often overlooked gem of southern rock. The Outlaws probably  didn't ever get the credit they deserved for some of their great songs,  complete with 3 guitars and vocal harmonies ala Eagles. &quot;Stick Around  for Rock and Roll&quot; is a great long jam. The beginning of &quot;Song  for You&quot; has a triple lead guitar switch off (Salem, Jones, Thomasson  respectively) which falls into a Thomasson and Jones harmony lead guitar  line, then Jones takes over briefly before the vocals. Most of this album  is everything you would expect in a southern rock album--lead guitar switch  offs, harmony guitar lines, and long jamming. Freddie Salem plays on this  release. He joined after Henry Paul left the band. &quot;Hurry  Sundown&quot; has a lot of spark to it, with Hughie on lead vocals, a great  harmony guitar line, and again lead guitars trading off. Then the band  kicks in with the epic &quot;Green Grass and High Tides&quot;. I believe  they stetched it out a little too far on this one. However, it's still a  great song. The lead guitars by Hughie and Billy are totally over the top.  They have always been underrated, for whatever reason. Unfortunately, those  looking for a full Outlaws reunion--sadly, it will never happen. Billy  Jones and original bass player Frank O'Keefe passed away in 1995.
6305949638|3.0|I thought the film was lacking in what motivated the main character to  chose path at the end of the film.  I really didn't sense that he had  learned enough of the world beyond the orphanage to smooth his rough edges  (like glass by the ocean sand) and to settle into his chosen  profession.<br />The performances were good, but the motivation of the  characters' was lacking.
B00003W8NO|5.0|This &quot;toy&quot; movie, I believe was one of the greatest animated  movies made with &quot;toys&quot; enjoyed all over the nation. It had a  great quest and a great plot filled with loads of funny scenes to laugh at.  For example the one in which &quot;Rex&quot; tells the pigybank that he  comes from Mattel after hearing &quot;Buzz&quot; saying he xcame from  &quot;somewhere in the galaxy...&quot;. Truth is many toys do come from  Mattel, Fisherprice and Playschool. It was really great that the creators  of this movie could incorporate this in thre movie.  I believe the contrast  was great between &quot;Andy&quot; and &quot;Sid&quot; and I believe it  gave a great example to all kids and adults of the way to be abd the way  not to be. All in all I can truly sat this movie was really innocent and it  showed the unison and special bond that kids have between cute pieces of  stuffing and plastic. This movie is one of my favorites for the fact that  it gave me the chance to become a kid once again and because many of the  adults were there once. But I guess my biggest thing that I learned from  here is that I still believe that one day people will learn how to take  care of others as humankind in this movie has taken care of and has had a  great unison between plastic....
0425170349|4.0|Not quite as great as his other works, but an excellent take on terrorism.
B000002O7C|5.0|I've always loved choir music, particularly mens' choirs, and the opening  track on this album, _Hymn to Red October,_ is incredible.  I was  gabber-flasted to find out that it was Poliduris' own composition, since it  so strongly resembles actual Soviet patriotic music---the words being in  real Russian didn't hurt a bit, either.  I just wish they had included the  words in English transcription, along with a translation, since my ability  to transcribe Russian is, shall we say..._limited,_ and although I had and  have access to Russian-language speakers, all they could do for me was to  tell me what some individual words meant (I wasn't able to play the song  for them.)  The other tracks are also very good, ranging from stuff that  keeps the listener on the edge of his seat to quiet stuff.  The movie was  wonderful, and, for a change, a fairly faithful adaptation, and this score  was a worthy addition to the _Red October_ mythos.  BTW, for those who  are curious, I did a web search under the composer's name, and there is a  website with the lyrics to _Hymn to Red October,_ or at least a  translation.  &quot;Sail on, sail on, pride of the northern seas...&quot;
B000003BDJ|5.0|I am a 17 year old boy.  People wonder why I listen to The Stones. The  truth is, I was brought up on superb albums like this one.  I have been  listening to this album since the age of four.  And it's no surprise.  This  is quite possibly the best album ever made by any band ever.  That may be a  bit over the top but to anyone who has it, they understand what I am  talking about.   This albums got everything.  Honky tonk woman, under my  thumb, it's got em all.   Please buy this album.  The Stones are making  fools of themselves at the moment with the shocking Bridges to Babylon.   PLease don't get that because you will write off the stones completely.  This is sensational.  Take my advice and get it.
0790729628|1.0|In short I loved this film and when I first saw it back in 1982 and  it  took several times to really get the fullness of the movie....but now they  have cut the heart out of the feelings of the film by removing Harrison  Ford's narrative__the  thing that I loved most about the movie. I was VERY  disappointed when I saw the DVD the first time and haven't watched it  since....DON't get it wait for the real version to released in 2001.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is definately one of the most talented bands of the 90's and the new  millennium!  True blue rock fans and even 'Doors' fans and 'Metallica' fans  will fall in love with the real lyrics and wonderful sound of true rock.   CREED definately holds a spot in Music history, and hope for more CREED  music to come.  They only get better!
0446672653|5.0|Only Love is Real, by Brian L. Weiss is fantastically well written. He  candidly shares the lives of his patients and his own insights in a highly  skilled manner.    I do not desire to give anything away in this review.  However, I will tell you Weiss's accounts documented in Only Love is Real  are both fantastic and very surprising. Personally I was enthralled with  the reports of Weiss's actual patient sessions. Only late in the journey of  this volume did I realize where he was going; somewhere incredibly stirring  with absolutely electrifying social and spiritual implications! The  passages you will read will resonate for a long time after you have  finished the book. The depth and implication of the shared accounts cannot  be entirely comprehended at first view. Weiss has unearthed something truly  remarkable here. I would be very surprised if any reader would not find  their outlook on life and love changed and enriched after reading Only Love  is Real. This is not simply another book by another physician. Contained in  the pages of Only Love is Real are revelation after revelation. Weiss's  subject is intriguing and keeps the reader wanting more.      So often  medical doctors lack a tactful, enjoyable to read  prose. Weiss's imagery  and countenance draw the reader deeper and deeper into the story.    Only  Love is Real will also appeal to many readers of romance or &quot;love  stories&quot;. There is no kissing, no intensely tender love scenes, but  the story presented is arguably one of the most passionate, loving and  poignant tales of true love ever shared.      I would recommend Only Love  is Real to anyone. I do not know any person that would not benefit from and  enjoy the book. It is not necessary to believe in reincarnation or life  after death to be captivated by Weiss's book!
B00003CWTI|5.0|first of all. the movie is very odd, and thats why it gets five stars. At  the begining it didnt make any sense, but then after u start gettin a hang  of things u start to understand the meaning. a very dark yet magnificent  movie. After watching the previews i thought, man dat movie looks dumb. but  the i rented it and man i was left with my mouth open.  all the symbolism  makes this movie the best one yet.  yes the movie is very odd. it involves  about 5 different lives and stories that eventually come out to be two  stories.  Very powerfull movie with lots of meanings. I give two thumbs up  to the director also for being able to bring this stories together and  making them whole.  Definitely a must see if u like movies that are odd yet  make sense.
B00004YYDI|5.0|This is without a doubt my favorite movie. This movie has everything I look for.... Great actors, High action, complex relationships and an  overall dark atmosphere... A must see for any Luc Besson, Jean Reno,  Natalie Portman, or Gary Oldman fan... With extra footage that was  previously only availible in various bootleg formats, this is a movie you  MUST own!
B000003TAW|5.0|The year was 1995. I was in grade 10 or 11 at the time (sorry, but the  advent of alcohol has made my memory sketchy). Anyways, I turn on the TV on  day and right there is the video for Buddy Holly playing. Never in my life  have a fallen for a band as instantly as I did for Weezer. Maybe it was the  coolness of the video, maybe it was the coolness of the music, or maybe it  was just fate, but after hearing Buddy Holly once, I went out and bought  the album with no reservations at all (something I have never done since).  Since 1995, I don't think more than a couple months has ever gone by when I  haven't popped this CD in for a listen. It remains one of those very rare  CDs that just DOESN'T get old. Its so good you have to TRY to get sick of  it. <br />The thing about this ablum that I love the most is how I can relate  to it. Because even though the music is often happy sounding and up-beat  (ala Buddy Holly), there is a definite sadness to this album - it has  heart. For me this album will always represent a certain time in my life,  and for that it holds a special place.<br />The scary thing is that now its  time for a whole new generation of kids to get hooked on Weezer, and I  can't recommend it enough. Check it out, and see what real music is made  of. =W=
B00003CWTI|4.0|Magnolia is one of those films where less would have been more.  In  attempting to do so much, the film actually suffered from excessive  brilliance.  Paul Thomas Anderson gives us a powerful auteur piece that  succeeds on most levels, but comes up short of its true potential.<br />The  story follows one day in the lives of nine major characters and a host of  minor ones whose lives are loosely connected to one man by various threads.   Anderson does inspired work, giving us deep character development for each  of the nine.  Many themes run through the work, but the most pervasive is  that of guilt and remorse.  Moreover, almost every effort at atonement was  rejected or thwarted in some way, evoking great pathos and a sense of  despondent fatalism.  This is clearly some of the best and most thought  provoking dark writing ever done.<br />From a directorial standpoint, the film  was a magnificent display of directorial virtuosity.  Anderson handled  scenes, actors and visual details with the flair of a maestro.  The swirl  of scenes from character to character, the use of the camera and music, the  juxtaposition of scenes, everything was superbly done.  Yet, the whole was  less than the sum of the parts due to Anderson's inability to let go of  elements that encumbered the film (an irony since one of the main themes of  the story was about being able to let go).  <br />Michaelangelo once commented  that inside every block of marble, there is a masterpiece, and the sculptor  needs only cut away the right pieces.  Editing is one of most excruciating  tasks of an auteur since each excision discards part of his soul.  However,  stoical editing is the area that differentiates great writer/directors from  the good ones.<br />This film had everything necessary to be one of the truly  great films of our times, but it suffered from excess.  There were too many  characters.  The story would have lost almost nothing by eliminating Donnie  (William Macy), Officer Jim Kurring (John C. Reilly) and Claudia (Melora  Walters).  These characters really didn't add that much to the  philosophical points being made in the film and made the film unwieldy.   This would have trimmed forty-five minutes to an hour from the film and  turned the focus more on the relationship between Earl Partridge (Jason  Robards) and his son Frank (Tom Cruise) that was the very best element of  the film.<br />Also, Anderson went overboard on the profanity.  I am no prude  in this regard.  I believe that profanity adds realism to a film because  people are frequently profane in real life.  I disdain the self-righteous  prigs who are offended by it.  However, overuse of any device to the extent  that it starts to burden the story ultimately detracts from it.  Anderson  crossed that line.  It seemed like he was trying to set a record for  frequency and volume of vulgar expletives.  If all the profanity were  edited out, the film would have been 30 minutes shorter and Julianne Moore  would have had about five lines.<br />Finally, the plague of the frogs taken  from Chapter 8 of Exodus was ill advised, as was the chorus of song by all  the major characters at their point of greatest despondency.  Anderson was  trying to make important points with both of these devices, but in the  process, they trivialized an exceptionally powerful drama to the point of  eye rolling incredulity.<br />Anderson was so uncompromising about every  detail of his artistic vision that he missed the Big Picture (pun  intended).  The final version that was released would have been better  released later as the director's cut.  If Anderson had edited the  theatrical release effectively, he could have had it both ways.  He could  have had a commercial success, critical acclaim, and he still could have  given people an opportunity to see his entire vision.  <br />As to the acting,  this is probably the best ensemble performance I have ever seen.  Tom  Cruise was nominated for a best supporting Oscar and much as I love Michael  Caine and his performance in \\"The Cider House Rules\\", this was no contest.   Cruise was electrifying.  This was one of his best performances ever.  I  also thought Jason Robards' performance was worthy of supporting actor  nomination.  He was tremendous as the dying patriarch.  The rest of the  cast was phenomenal without exception.<br />It is easy to understand why this  film failed at the box office (at $23M, it grossed $14M less than its $37M  budget).  It was far too abstruse, intense, dark, philosophical and wry  (not to mention lengthy) to have popular appeal.  Of those who actually saw  it, most either loved it or hated it.  I must admit to feeling both  emotions.  I loved its genius but I hated that its final form didn't do  that genius justice.  Thus, I rated it an 8/10.  It will undoubtedly become  a cult classic rather than the true classic it could have been.
B00000JH09|5.0|This is my favorite band.  EVERY song on the cd is good, not like others  where only two or three songs are worth listening to.  If you like  slipknot, disturbed, ramms+ein, or pod, get this cd.  They are even better.   Also check out the new band mudvayne and their coolest song  &quot;dig&quot;
0440219078|4.0|The Giver,in my opinion,was a great book.It made you think,if society keeped us from feeling pain,sorrow,or rage would the world still have  certain issues.If you have not read The Giver,it's about a boy named Jonas  that lives in a world where every choice wasn't your own, where jobs were  assigned and mates were given. Jonas was assigned to be the receiver, the  only position you could feel emotions, such as love and hate. He is capable  of receiving memories of joyous times and tragic moments. A prisonner is  his own town Jonas finally understand there is more to life than past  memories, there is color, emotions and people of different worlds. This  kind of society had it's advantages as well as it's disadvantages.  Seriously I would prefer that small town.
B00004TRD8|1.0|THE ONLY REASON I BOUGHT THIS 'SPECIAL EDITION DVD' WAS FOR THE  &quot;Commentary by Arnold Schwarzenegger&quot;.  WELL, HE SPEAKS IN 3  PLACES ON THE COMMENTARY TRACK FOR A TOTAL OF 77 SECONDS.  WOW, THAT WAS  WORTH 27 BUCKS + shipping!
B000002JSN|5.0|I knew &quot;Kashmir&quot; was on here, but this album is so much better  than just that.  I couldn't believe the depth and excellence of these  songs. Each is memorable in its own right and are classics.  Disc 2 may be  better than disc 1.  Turn up the volume and listen to &quot;In the  Light&quot;, &quot;Night Flight&quot;, &quot;Down by the Seaside&quot;, or  &quot;Boogie With Stu&quot;, and you will not be disappointed.  I love the  other Zeppelin albums, but this one has it all from start to finish. If you  don't own it, I suggest it!
6305622825|3.0|Fearless insurance investigator Gin Baker (Catherine Zeta-Jones) is given  the chance to bring the world's most legendary art thief, &quot;Mac&quot;  MacDougal (Sean Connery) to the bottom. He proves more elusive than  expected, but finally Gin believes she has the confidence. She needs to be  extremely sure, however, as together they plan the heist of the millennium  from the sickening height of one of the tallest buildings in the  world....<br />Entrapment is an average movie that is entertaining enough, but  it needs ultimate improving. Still, the story is intriguing and the acting  is good which make this film definitely not as bad as all the critics  promise it is.
B000000XB9|5.0|All within one album are some of Rock's greatest songs.  From beginning to  end, &quot;Chronicle&quot; is non-stop classics.  CCR's short but memorable  songs all come right after the next and you are reluctant to turn them off.   If &quot;Born on the Bayou&quot; was on here, it would be in the top five  of hits albums.  In my opinion, it already is.
B00004RFCM|1.0|While it may be a good show the picture quality on this dvd is terribal.   the picture is very ruff and grainy.  Watching the show on HBO from my  satilite is clearer than the DVD.
6302250269|5.0|Just in case you didn't see this in the theaters... This flick is definitely  about women standing up for themselves. The gals go off for a weekend of  play and their weekend becomes one very long, very unplanned trip to a  brand spankin' new lifestyle on the VERY wild side.
B00000J6AG|4.0|A friend of a friend got me listening to Moby and I really enjoy  &quot;Porcelain&quot;, &quot;Why does my heart feel so bad?&quot; and  &quot;Honey&quot; to name a few. I am just getting into his music but I  think Moby is definitely worth some attention, this is my first  &quot;electronic/techno&quot; whatever-you-may-call-it CD and I am liking  it!
B000002UZ1|4.0|Whilst I admit that there is a certain amount of filler on this album,  every song here is good in its own right, even if some of them are not  obvious choices. To be honest, lesser known tracks like Old Brown Shoe are,  for me, some of the highlights here! The lyrics to that song are fantastic!
0790729628|5.0|Do I really need to explain the plot setup of the most important Sci-Fi  film of our lifetimes? The badass chicks here are, of course, Darryl Hannah  as Pris, a basic pleasure model who goes postal on her creators, and Joanna  Cassidy as Zohra, leader of an off-world kick-murder squad. Just the kind  of girls you want to bring home to mom - that is if you want mom dead real  quick and dirty. Although the gals are Replicants, artificially created  humans, made as slave labor to be used off-world in the hazardous  exploration and colonization of space, they are as tasty to the eyes as any  REAL woman.
B00004SST6|5.0|Wow...what a return to the scene from George Benson. Earlier we had seen  already the revival of Santana and this album certainly hits the same  &quot;Supernatural&quot;category. It even shares the mode of opening with  Santana.<br />Benson has selected a superior number of songs to demonstrate  his many talents. He is Latin and hip in the opening songs, he is smooth  like silk and plays like heaven in his version of Marc Antoine's Jazzenco (  the original recording of MA is also beautiful and benson gives it a whole  new twist)<br />This is really a modern album which meets the best of current  competition and has as a major edge over many contemporary bands that  Benson really knows his music and is a virtuoso with his guitar.<br />I don't  watch MTV much, but I would think many songs of this album would not mis  fit.
B00004WG2F|5.0|This is by far one of the greatest epic stories ever created. The story of three brothers and their war-retired father in a struggle to survive the  wilderness and each other in early 1900's Montana. This is by far the  greatest acting performance (with maybe the exception of 12 Monkeys) of  Brad Pitt's life. This is definetly one of the greatest movies of all time.
0060194995|5.0|I am 13 years old, and in my eight grade class this is a required reading  book.  We started reading this wonderful book less than a week ago, and I'm  on my second time reading it.  I cannot believe that some schools have  actually banned this book- this book tells life like it is... Parent's are  sometimes the cause of the ban. I guess maybe that they don't want their  kids to be exposed to the language or racism. Well, my father suggested  that I read this book when I was in fourth grade, and I wish I would have.  The racism is used by ignorant people- I think I'd rather learn that from a  book other than to be first exposed to it in real life.  Other than that,  it teaches you an important lesson - stand up for what you believe in, no  matter what the cost.  I hope that you all read this book. If  you don't  understand it, mail me!
B000022TT4|4.0|Although &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; was much maligned in the press as  presumptuous and pretentious upon its original release due to the fact that  the band appears to ingratiate themselves with rock 'n' roll gods like  Dylan, Elvis, and BB King, there is still some great music on this album.    Take a look at the live recordings of &quot;With or Without You&quot;,  arguably the best live version of that song, and the rousing &quot;Sunday  Bloody Sunday&quot; if you aren't sure.  U2 usually fare better whilst  performing their own works, but their cover of Dylan's &quot;All Along the  Watchtower&quot; is energetic and effecting.  Of course, some of the songs  are forgettable and trite, such as &quot;Angel of Harlem&quot;, which could  have done better justice to Billie Holliday, but you may be pleasantly  surprised.  For instance, viewing how &quot;When Love Comes To Town&quot;  came to be makes the song slightly less annoying; at least you may grow to  appreciate it on a purely artistic level, even if it still does not appeal  to your taste, as is my case.  The cinematography is baffling at times,  such as when it suddenly shifts from black and white to color. (Perhaps  they ran out of B&amp;W film on the road...)  And other times, you might  wonder why certain scenes were not edited from the film.  Some merely  provide a mildly interesting backdrop for some of the songs, such as  &quot;Heartland&quot;. But if you are a die-hard U2 fan like me, none of  this really matters, and you'll buy it anyway because you love the band.
B000007S5B|1.0|Paul Rothchild and the guys got down to business with this album. That is,  turning out music with the goal of  fulfilling their contract in between  tour dates without spending much time  with the music. Save your bread for  the first two, or LA Woman. If experimentation is your dish, try 'Other  Voices' (Ray, Robby, and John trio).
0375704027|5.0|i don't understand why murakami has been so reluctant for this work to be  released in english. while it is on the surface a much simpler tale than  &quot;wind up bird&quot; (although there are springs!), it's still poetic,  beautifully sad and often quite profound. <br />toru, his japanese everyman,  tries to be a good person and get through life with as little interaction  as possible. unfortunately he's surrounded by death, which takes many  terrible and beautiful forms. <br />murakami is always up to sly literary  tricks: toru brings a copy of mann's &quot;magic mountain&quot; with him on  his first visit to the otherworldly asylum where naoko is  &quot;hospitalized&quot;. it takes quite some time before someone asks what  he's reading, and her reaction is delightful.<br />my only (tiny) reservation  would be that it lacks the feeling of open-endedness in conclusion- there  aren't enough loose threads, something i've come to enjoy in murakami's  work.<br />still, a splendid and deeply emotional work.
0195067142|5.0|This book is an overlooked classic, a gutwrenching page turner that will  haunt you for a long time.  As Paul Fussell states in the introduction,  &quot;Readers of this book will find it hard to forget, and they will not  easily brush away its troubling revelations about what the modern world  periodically requires its boys to do and to suffer. &quot;<br />Sledge's  memoir as a Marine in the Pacific, barely out of his teens like so many  others, spares no punches in describing what a battlefield looks like  littered with the incredible waste of youth.  It is an unedited version of  the horrors and heartbreak of war told with simplicity and compassion from  someone who actually lived through it.  You will fully understand why so  many veterans still cannot bring themselves to talk about their  experiences. The fact that on Okinawa alone over 26,000 men suffered from  mental and emotional breakdowns is a sobering testament to what war can do  to a man.<br />This book should be required reading for our younger  generations.  Why our schools are not insisting that our youth remember  those who sacrificed their future so we could have ours, learning what the  high cost of freedom is, and reflecting and learning from the stories of  these brave, humble men is bewildering.<br />It is interesting to note that  the author put pictures of himself at the end of the book, not, as others  normally would, at the beginning; a sign of his modesty.<br />God bless the  Marines and all those who sacrificed so much -  We owe all our fighting  men a debt that can never be repaid.  Let us not ever forget.
0446677450|5.0|I have decided to change my thinking, I'm 26 and grew up poor. My parents  are still struggling, but slowly getting ahead. By the age of 20 I was as  far  in debt as a average middle aged person because I paid my way through  school with loans and credit cards. If my parents had this book while I was  growing up, I think that I wouldn't have learned the dogma that keeps the  poor in the rut. And now I know that it's possible to change the vicious  circle. I am a self employed artist. How ironic is that? A cliche that people associate with starving.
B000002UAU|2.0|I remember buying this album and being confused.  This is supposed to be  the 'best album of all time', and i couldn't hear or see that.  I went on  feeling guilty for a month- no, i'm not joking.  The album starts out very  strong and ends with an epic song, but it is VERY boring in between those  two songs.  I've said before that the beatles music sounds mostly like  nursery rhymes and this is true here for &quot;with a little help from my  friends&quot;, &quot;It's getting better&quot;, &quot;for the benefit of mr  kite&quot;, &quot;when i'm sixty four&quot;, and &quot;good morning good  morning&quot;.  As a matter of fact, Lennon himslef mentioned how much he  hates &quot;good morning good morning&quot;.  It was a time when he had  nothing to say, but they had to record music anyway.  That's not the only  annoying song on the album, &quot;within you without you&quot;, anyone?   This must be the worst song put to tape by a major band, EVER!  I can go on  with all the flaws in the album, but i'll stop here.  It's just too much  pain to think about these things. I gave whack pepper two stars for the  first and last songs which are okay but not great by any means.  I hope  people who haven't bought the album yet decide not to after reading this  review.  That's a good ten bucks saved, use themn to buy a zeppelin cd  instead.
B000023X9W|2.0|I receive each new Neil Young issue with great anticipation and am almost  never disappointed, until now that is.  Where is the acerbic wit, the  energy, the creative genius that has characterized his great body of work  to date?  It just isn't there.  Sorry to all you fans, I too am one.  But I  have to say it like it is.  Neil is just too happy.  I am happy for you,  Neil.  It is the rest of us, your adoring fans, who suffer and now must  wait until a little crisis enters your life.  Not that I am wishing you  ill.  If mediocrity is the price we must pay for a little happiness and  contentment in life, so be it.  You deserve it.  You have given us so very  much.  It is okay to be happy.  Just don't try and sing about it, okay?
B00004TL21|5.0|Some of these people dont know what the hell they are talking about!   &quot; I dont understand why angry music is so popular&quot;.  Do some of  these people even listen to the damn CD.  There is only 1 loud, sceaming  song; which is a great song.  For the most part the rest of the CD is  extreamly mellow.  It sounds great, it is soothing.  Chino (Cammilio)  Moreno provides awsome vocals.  I love all of the Deftones albums equally  and for differnt reasons, but this CD stands out.  Think before you write.   Check out Taproot's debut album &quot;Gift&quot; too.
0446604844|3.0|I should say this book could be much much better. The author picks up a  very typical subject- industrial espionage- and handles it wonderfully with  many twists and turns. So far so good... The problem here is the heroine:  Sidney Archer. He messed up the whole book with this in my opinion. I have  to ask the author: How come a lawyer turned into a female rambo all of a  sudden? Sidney Archer is a total nonsense. For instance how can she ever  know or think of fixing the gas pedal of the auto and gettting into the  house from the back? Completely ridiculuous Mr. Baldacci... I expected a  more serious book. If you want some chasing scenes, this book can fit you  otherwise forget it
0486266885|3.0|The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde used to be known as a  &quot;Shilling Shocker.&quot; For many years, it certainly was a  &quot;shocker&quot; but by contemporary standards it is certainly past it's  prime. I still found it very intriguing (it could be considered the world's  first psychological thriller). The manner in which Stevenson writes is very  fitting to The Strange Case. It is interesting to mentally piece together  all of the parts which Stevenson includes. For anyone who is willing to put  themselves in another time period, the book should be great. It's most  interesting component is the way the &quot;mystery&quot; is presented,  through the eyes of an attorney. Nothing is clear, everything is left to be  interpretted by the reader. This clouded view makes the book as mysterious  as it is. Throughout most of the story, it is unclear if Dr.Jekyll and Mr.  Hyde are one. A disturbing link is always portrayed between the two  however.
0385484518|5.0|If you read no other book this year READ THIS ONE! It is  phenomenal and  the words will stay with you long after you have read the last page. The  book will make you laugh, make you cry, make you think, and mainly make you  look at life in a different way. The friendship that Mitch and his  &quot;Coach&quot; share is heartwarming and with each page the mutual love  and respect that they shared comes through. It's deeply moving and I feel  fortunate to have read this. Thank-you Mitch for sharing your friend with  us. I loved this book!
0060196122|3.0|I picked up Veronica Decides to Die on the airport and read about 30 pages  before I fell asleep. Always wanting to give books a second try I picked it  up a couple of days later but found it not worth my time. This is my first  book by Coelho and I admit I became curious about him and his message to  the world. To me he sounds like a priest or some kind of guru for a sect  but this may be wrong :) Veronica Decides to Die is not a bad book, but for  an experienced reader it certainly has a number of serious flaws, among  them an over-explicitness that shouldn't be necessary, but that fits into  my impression of Coelho as a man with an urge to express common (though  important) ideas with a common man's pen. Coelho's ideas about madness and  the value of life and love have been expressed more originally and more  beautifully by numerous other writers.
6302468027|5.0|Fried Green Tomatoes was the best movie ever made. It tells two storys of  two different people at the same time. Kathy Bates who plays the role of  Evelin Couch meets an old lady named Ninny at the nursing home while going  to see her husbands Aunt. Well the two become good friends and Ninny  Thredgood, who is played by Jessica Tandy, starts to tell the story of two  friends who lived in the 1920's and 30's. It is the story of Idgy and Ruth.  The two were the best of friends who shared an exciting life together. They  shared the pain and passion of each other and were there to protect one  another when things were going wrong. They went through murder trials,  spousal abuse, and they shared the death of people they loved. Though they  had many hard times, they also had a lot of fun together. They got drunk,  played poker, played baseball, and many more things. So if your the type of  person who loves heart felt storys that touch the heart I recommened you to  watch this movie.
B00000JFV9|5.0|Yesterday while I was waiting for my burrito at a hip latino restaurant, I  noticed that the young patrons and the people behind the counter were  groovin' to Superfly. It was the first time I had heard it in 25 years. I  was reminded of going to see the movie with my boyfriend in inner city  Newark back in 1972. We were the only whites in the theater. The crowd went  wild for the film! It was something more akin to the crowd at a Final Four  basketball game! I don't think I've ever seen a more emotional audience  before or since. Superfly, together with Shaft, were really the first films  that I remember featuring African American main characters. To young people  today that may seem outlandish and unbelievable. After we saw the movie, I  bought the record and it became a favorite. I can't wait to hear it again  in its entirety. If you like Curtis Mayfield you might want to check out  New World Order to see how his music evolved.
B000001DQG|4.0|Although not on par with Goodbye Yellow Brick Road or Honky Chateau,  Caribou is another worthy Elton John album. Of the original album's 10  songs, 5 are interesting, 5 are rubbish. The interesting ones are the  opener The Bitch Is Back (a nice up-tempo song for fans of Saturday Night's  Allright), Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me (one of Elton's best ever  songs), Stinker (a nice bluesy rocker), You're So Static (another good  song, but like Bitch, the live version on Here &amp; There is superior),  and Ticking (a somewhat pretentious album closer). Of the bonus tracks,  Pinball Wizard, the Who cover from the Tommy movie is a worthwile song  also. The other bonus songs are decent if not spectacular. If you are an  Elton John fan this belongs in your collection, but make sure you have some  of his other albums first.
B00004U8H4|4.0|Mary Herron did an outstanding job with her interpretation of the novel by  Brett Easton Ellis.  True she tones down the violence but she also has made  sure that the tone of the novel remains intact.  Christian Bale is simpy  superb in this film his Patrick Bateman is one of modern cinemas classic  performances.
0194314227|5.0|hi my name is ahmed i like to learn more about english and i like this  language
B00002E233|4.0|The story - hopefully just fictional  ...  with only minor logical errors.  The effects - breathtaking, terrorizing, just great! The actors - nothing  special, besides the cook ... and his bird! The ethics issues - yeah, well,  there are these somewhat ruthless but not very evil scientist, but this is  not what this movie is about. The sharks - you won't dare to take a dip  into your pool for several days after this movie ... The blood factor -  nothing for those delicate flowers out there, but not as brutal as one  might expect. The humor - well, kind of dark, actually more on the pitch  black side of the street. The verdict - very entertaining, intense and  captivating.  The prophecy - there will be a part 2 ...
B00000ICN5|5.0|As amazing as this album was, what it did for blues and the great blues  artists of the past was even more important. When the original version of  this album arrived it opened the floodgates for a generation of music fans  to all those great artists and revitalized (well deserved) the careers of  many greats (Buddy Guy for example) which are now stronger than ever. If  you really want to feel the hairs stand up on the back of your neck, get  his video &quot;Live at El Mocambo&quot;, which was recorded during SRV's  tour in support of Texas Flood. As great as he was on album, nothing  compared to his live performances.
B000002J1M|5.0|Anyone else notice that this album has the greatest 2nd half of an album  of all time? HORIZONS &amp; SUPPER`S READY are truly without peer and are  completely flawless. The 23 minute epic is the closest thing a band has  ever came to writing a religious hymn (I mean that in the way that the best  thing about going to church was the music!) I mean when I hear it,  especially the last 2 sections I feel given the right circumstances it  could have some serious healing power for anyone in the listening range! As  you can tell.. pretty heady stuff. Must be heard to believed (Phil Collins  is a monster on the drum kit). The first half is as good as the 2nd with  the exception of GET EM OUT BY FRIDAY which is just not as listenable as  the others and even that one has seriously beautiful moments. W.O.T.S,TIME  TABLE &amp; CAN-UTILITY are just incredible. GENESIS were a special band at  this time and this is the finest document of what made them truly different  and magical. Until their staggering N.Y.C dreamscape masterpiece THE LAMB  LIES DOWN ON BROADWAY.
B000002J2B|5.0|Yeah... I`m not one for the W&amp;W vs A.T.O.T.T comparaisons, in fact  they shouldn`t be compared at all, for W&amp;W stands head and shoulders  above the competent predecessor. This album is an uncanny masterpiece of 4  guys complementing each other so well that it was impossible to top it.  `11th earl of mar`: One of the finest Genesis songs ever! Flawless and  truly a melodic piece of songwiting. `1 for the vine`: Tony Banks`  storytelling and songwriting has never been in finer form and wait for a  very Genesis middle break in the middle. `Your own special way`: Dosen`t go  down well at every listen but when it does the song`s point is stated  clearly. `Wot Gorilla?`: Absolutely delighful and rocking composition  between Banks&amp;Collins. `Mouse`s night`: Another Banks story with a  great bass line. `Blood on the rooftops`: Sweepingly beautiful  collaboration between Collins&amp;Hackett?! one of the finest things  they`ve ever done. `Unguiet&amp; In that... Hackett`s swan song.  `Afterglow` moving album closer by Banks. And there you have it the  greatest non-gaberiel album (easily). Don`t be fooled by those  non-believers! And to top it off this is one of the best sounding C.D`s of  all time! Make this essential purchase yours!
0446608955|2.0|I almost put this book down after the Prologue. It was poorly written,  overwrought at times, and it failed to evoke the emotions Spark was trying  to evoke. <br />When I got to the meat of the story, I was wondering who had  written the Prologue. Spark has a warm, conversational tone in the book  that draws the reader in.  The story and the characters are interesting,  and you grow to care about what happens.<br />When he's not trying to evoke an  emotion, Sparks is much more effective. When he's attempting to manipulate  the readers' emotions, he fails. The ideas and images are trite and  hackneyed.  Sparks should let the emotion speak for itself.
B00004TRD8|5.0|We bought this DVD, the ultimate edition, and watched it in DTS with an  optical link.  The sound rocks!  It was so crisp and realistic that at one  time, we thought it was the neighbor talking next door when in fact, it was  coming through the back speaker!  That's how realistic the digitally  remastered DVD with DTS has made this movie even more enjoyable than it can  be.  <br />The movie also comes with a lot of extra footage which is a nice  extra added bonus.<br />Just to tell you how good this DVD is, we originally  rented the DVD from NetFlix but after watching it, we decided that we MUST  have it cuz of all the cool extra that we went out and bought it!
B00000DGUG|5.0|Considered much less commercially accessible than \\"Jagged Little Pill\\",  \\"S.F.I.J\\" is, as most critics would agree, a much more mature and musical  effort. The instant appeal, a quality that made \\"Jagged\\" such a  mega-seller, are replaced by a more confidant and intelligent style of  music. This is very obvious on such songs as \\"Front Row\\" and \\"Sympathetic  Character\\", both containing very unusual vocal phrasings, which while  suited to the music, plays around the drums without necessarily being  rooted to the \\"one\\" in each measure. The lyrics are more convincing and her  voice has also improved quite a bit. Compared to \\"Jagged\\", this album  requires more of an effort from the listener due to its overall complexity.  My advice is to give it an openhearted listen. Hopefully you'll soon  discover the multi-layered quality that this music has to offer.
6305892946|5.0|Well, as most of you say, the movie has no jumps or scares whatsoever. I  am a huge Scream fan, and I thought Scream 3 was quite entertaining. I  thought it had humor, romance, horror, and suspense. It's a perfect movie  for mystery fans. And for all of you that say that Scream 3 is a bad horror  movie, that's because it isn't a horror movie. Go to any video rental  store, it's under Suspense. So in closing, tjis is a very good movie.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Considered much less commercially accessible than \\"Jagged Little Pill\\",  \\"S.F.I.J\\" is, as most critics would agree, a much more mature and musical  effort. The instant appeal, a quality that made \\"Jagged\\" such a  mega-seller, are replaced by a more confidant and intelligent style of  music. This is very obvious on such songs as \\"Front Row\\" and \\"Sympathetic  Character\\", both containing very unusual vocal phrasings, which while  suited to the music, plays around the drums without necessarily being  rooted to the \\"one\\" in each measure. The lyrics are more convincing and her  voice has also improved quite a bit. Compared to \\"Jagged\\", this album  requires more of an effort from the listener due to its overall complexity.  My advice is to give it an openhearted listen. Hopefully you'll soon  discover the multi-layered quality that this music has to offer.
B000002GBD|5.0|One of the best albums ever.... It's like Black sabbath's 'Sabotage' From  the same year....You just got to have it....
0783242808|4.0|its a funny raunchy look at high school with a group of 4 boys trying to  get... well you know! it is a great performance by mena suvari, shannon  elizabeth and jason biggs. its a funny movie for twenty somethings and most  people over 12, though there parents might not like it but they wil,l over  all pretty funny
0394800184|5.0|This book tells the tale of a young bird on the journey of a lifetime.  As you read this book to your child, he or she can learn to identify many  things in everyday life.  The young bird searches near and far in search of  its missing mother.  Both the bird and your child can learn how to identify  things through experiences or just sight.  This book is good for any child  of any age.
6305622825|4.0|I had not expected much from this movie, but I ended up liking it very  much. While not terribly believable, the plot does not have any major holes  in it. It was not entirely original, I recognised several scenes from  movies like &quot;the Setup&quot; and the Thomas Crown Affair. On the other  hand, nothing was completely copied end the plot held enough twists to be  interesting. The actor did an admirable job, rather better then most action  movies. The one difficulty I have with the whole movie is the part played  by Connery. While he is still in fysically good shape, it is obvious he is  no longer capable of the acrobatics that he is supposed to perform. This  however is a minor point.
063401658X|5.0|Apparently the publisher has realized that the format used on the internet  for posting lyrics and guitar chords is one that customers will buy if  published in a book.  Each song is arranged with chord diagrams at the top  of the page and chord designations are placed appropriately above the  lyrics.  Since there is no &quot;piano music,&quot; most songs are  completed in one or two pages, so you don't have to turn pages in the  middle of a song. The downside is 1) there are no leads or riffs included;  2) some of the early songs that were not written by the Beatles (Slow Down,  Honey Don't - by Carl Perkins) are not included; and 3) some songs appear  unnecessarily to be transcribed for the use of a capo, so those who hate  the capo (like I do) must transpose. This book is a tremendous value for a  relatively small price - 400 pages in a small paperback format. Buy it -  you'll be glad you did!!  Hopefully, the publisher will produce similarly  formatted books for other artists.
B000002AZ8|5.0|Wow! After hearing Ten and Vs which are both fairly straight-forward rock  albums, I was shocked at first by this album.  While I love their first two  albums this album is very powerful.  By the time I get to the track  &quot;Nothingman&quot; I'm almost brought to tears.  While there are some  tracks that are strange, such as Bugs, Pry To, and Aye Davinita, these  tracks just seem to build the momentum to the refreshing sound of Better  Man.  The only song that I tend not to listen to is Hey Foxymophandlemama  That's Me because I'd rather not listen to a little kid talking to a  &quot;foxy&quot; mop handle.  Hmmmm.   This album also has it's share of  fresh fast tempo songs.  Spin the Black Circle leads the pack.  But the  true beauty of this album is listening to it as a whole, feeling the  feelings that this album makes you feel, and by the time you're done, you  should be inspired, in whichever way you want.
B00000IP4H|3.0|This is basically their darkest release. With his Cannibal Corpse vocals,  you will be blown away by it. But on the other hand, it's not as good as I  thought it would be. The drummer must not want to do thrash metal which is  Testament's theme. But the reason why i like it is because of the way they  changed their style and made it sound better. although it's a little slow  for them and has one thrash song on it, if I keep it long enough I'll  really like it.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Don't bother wading through all these reviews...<br />If you don't own this  already, did nobody tell you it's compulsory? Just go and get it. Worth it  for &quot;It's too Late&quot; alone.
076783819X|5.0|Is your neighbor a terrorist? Jeff Bridges puts the pieces together and  comes to the conclusion that his neighbor Tim Robbins is and is going to  blow up FBI headquarters. But is it too late??? Rent this DVD and you might  look at the guy across the street mowing his lawn a little differently.  Excellent movie with great actors and an intriguing story line.
0792838084|5.0|..Blue Velvet..and so goes the title song. Bkue Velvet is a kind of movie  that, when it's watched on a surface is nothing more then a simplistic  detective thriller. But it is so much more, if you view this film with an  open mind and a keen eye you will be blown away by it's meriad of  subliminal metaphors and cryptic symbolism. A movie that will leave you  feeling a bit uneasy, yet satisfied, you will feel somethin after you see  Blue Velvet. David Lynch has a way about his films that draws you in and  never lets go, you are no longer sitting comfotably in your living room  chair, but instead you are thrust in to take on Denis Hopper's pure wrath  and evil and to weep for Donny..Blue Velvet will move you, wether you want  it to, or not.
6305807086|1.0|I disagree with the consensus, and think this was one of the worst movies  I've seen this year.  I had high expectations for this movie since the  advertising on the box says it was nominated for 3 academy awards, and  Roger Ebert said &quot;best movie of the year!&quot;  <br />I found the story  original, but sort of silly.  The floor 7 1/2 joke gets sort of old, and  super-babe Cameron Diaz looks horrible in this movie (I was expecting  something better to look at).  John Malkovich, himself, is also a very  boring personality.  The whole movie was very unfunny, and quite  unentertaining --  I just don't get what people find so great.
0783243499|5.0|I really don't see why people seem to have such exterme apathy for this  movie. Sure, the visual can be a tad graphic, and plot is a tad simplistic,  but those are very superficial views. This movie would of been much greatly  excepeted in the decade that it was set in(and at the time that the book  was written), the decadent decade of the 80's. This movie isn't very  realistic, but that is the point of a satire, to blow out of proprotion  that evil that is within all of us. In the case, it was the utterly greedy  and secular upper class society of the 80's. It is fitting that i'd use a  keivin spacey quote, &quot;To get a person's attention, You can't just tap  on the shoulder anymore, you got to hit over the head with a  sledghammer&quot;, that's what a social satire should do and that's what  American Psyhco does, it bluntly and forcefully makes the viewer see what  Christian Bale is and how he is nothing but a mere reflection of modern  society. When he kills, he feels alive, for his every day life is nothin  but a facade of brunches and buisness card duels. There are moments of  humility and even humor, but in the end it's a masterfully done dark  satire, along the lines of A Clockwork Orange.
B00003CWTI|3.0|Let me preface this review by stating that P.T. Anderson has real  potential and Frank T.J. Mackey is one of the all time funniest characters  ever to grace the screen.  Magnolia is a flawed film, my biggest complaint  is that it is too long.  I wouldn't have minded but besides being too long,  it was also dull and uninteresting fodder.  Tom Cruise gives his career  performance, Macy is amazing as always, and Philip Seymour Hoffman is solid  as Phil.  But still, why watch this film?  It's just a three hour trip into  the fickle lives of eight people who are utterly miserable in one way or  another.  There are some real moments of innovation in Magnolia like the  frog scene and the singing of the cast members, but these moments are far  outweighed by the remaining two and a half hours of nothing.  You never  really come to care about any of the characters and really are just waiting  for a great pay off that never arrives.  Magnolia is worth a watch not a  buy.
B000001Y5J|5.0|If Aggresion ever metamorphasized into a living breathing being it would  listen to once Cd and one cd only, Broken. If you're feeling pissed and  need to stomp around and kicks assorted objects around, this is the cd you  need playin. Every track is bone crushin, and well produced metal with a  slight industrial edge, truthfully this is the only metal-like cd i enjoy.  But the real clincher are the videos that come with these songs,  escpecially the Happiness in Slavery video, it's a must see if you're a fan  of Film. Oh..and by the way..This BUgger kid knows nothing what industrial  is..Kmfdm, nothing but really cheezy industrial with processed guitars  thrown in, Ministry, just cheezy freakin metal with horrid lyrics, and  Skinny Puppy are gods within the Industrial genre, but &quot;remyx  dystemeper&quot; left ogre and cevin rollin in their &quot;graves&quot;,  just a horrid cd. If you want Puppy start out with the Singles Collection  and move onto Last Rights, Rabies, and Remissions. In other words Bugger is  as misinformed as he claimed you guys were..so don't feel bad.
B00003652Q|4.0|This was Marillion's first full-length release.<br />&quot;He Knows You  Know,&quot; is an artful expression of all manner of paranoia.  Made for a  surreal video about the evils of drugs.<br />&quot;The Web,&quot; is about how  -- like a fly in a spider's web -- the singer is caught up in things beyond  his control.  And everything is closing in on him.<br />&quot;Garden  Party,&quot; is perhaps the most humorous song of the Fish-era, and made  for an original concept video.<br />&quot;Chelsea Monday,&quot; seems to me to  be the spine of this album.  All of the elements that make the other songs  great are put here.  Atmosphere, pathos, and it is the least  Genesis-inspired.  To me, more emotionally moving than the title  track.<br />&quot;Forgotten Sons,&quot; is a song that is definitely a product  of those days, but holds up well.  Unfortunate, considering the view of the  world in the song.  Fish, in concert, often introduces it by expressing his  disappointment that conflicts still rage, and people lose their lives at  the behest of `the powers that be,' meaning the song has never been out of  date.<br />If you don't have &quot;Grendel,&quot; on disc, you must get this!   This song is a musical drama, of sorts, inspired by John Gardner's take on  the Beowulf legend, which was the Old-English epic poem.<br />In some ways,  better than Fugazi, even though I gave both 4.  Being previously aware of  most of these songs may have something to do with it as well, so for a new  fan, you may find it a 5.
B000002J09|2.0|That does it. Tomorow I'm going to form a support group for people like  myself who can't understand what people see in this band.
6305177473|5.0|This might not seem the way I am but I love this movie. This remake of the  1961 Disney comedy about seperated twins which is Lindsay Lohan in a duel  role in the &quot;Parent Trap of 1998&quot;. The first thing noticable that  makes this movie so terrific is it being so hilarious. The whole movie is  filled with laughter also having beautiful, emotional scenes that just  makes you want to cry. Lindsay Lohan had a tough role but played it  wonderful and the parents Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson also play  sensitive and outstanding parts in the film. The plot is difficult, but  when you find the solution to it, it is one of the most beautiful scenes I  have ever seen. This movie is recommendable to people of all ages. If I had  the chance I would watch it everyday over anything. Whoever has this kind  of personality and loves all the contents of this movie should absolutely  see it.
B00000JTB2|5.0|This is not the first Stevie Ray Vaughan album I would buy, but I would  reccomend this over any one of his live albums. There is no crowd in the  background, and it is simply excellent music. I reccomend this for any  blues collection. If you don't have any Stevie Ray Vaughan get In Step and  Texas Flood first (DO NOT BUY THE BEST OF ALBUM OR GREATEST HITS!!!)
B00004Y9PP|5.0|Action a fair plot and great Special Effects. I viewed it in the theatre in Dolby Digital 5.1. I was very taken by the wonderful sound mixing in this film a full range of possible dynamic effects were used. Everything  from Hard hitting low freq - to harsh ear spliting noises, usally from the  planet's creatures.  When it hits DVD it will be in 2.35:1 widescreen so I  recomemed 38 inch TV or Bigger and please have a 5.1 Dolby Digital reciver  and the full range of speakers 6 in all, if you dont have a ok home theatre  this film might be something less for you..<br />- Note on the acting - Vin..  is the Man.. this young man has some talent and a Future unlike most of the  no-names in this film, but hey I'm a critc<br />-Note on Presntation- When  gathering the guys around or whom ever to watch this adjust the color to a  central level to advoid color bleeding and when the film starts look at the  black bars at the top and bottem of the screen and adjust the contrast and  britness to make the black bars bold and black not gray if this is done  you'll have the best set-up for this film... oh and Turn it up I recommend  something like 65db to 70db if you can..<br />enjoy.. ps. it's a good film to  make the chicks jump and hold on to you..
B00003CX5A|4.0|Let me just start with the few negative things about  this movie that I  have to mention: It's a little too long (fifteen minutes less would have  been perfect), and it's a little heavy on the demonic side. If you don't  have a strong stomach, the violence will be intollerably gruesome.        Now, the positivity: This film is classic and beautiful. It's a dark and  mysterious horror film that's rich with atmosphere and imagination. If you  like Tim Burton, you'll appreciate the look and feel of this movie. Danny  Elfman also composed a fantastic soundtrack that adds to the mood. Also,  the special effects are fabulous, realistic, and interesting.
B00004Y9PP|5.0|Action a fair plot and great Special Effects. I viewed it in the theatre in Dolby Digital 5.1. I was very taken by the wonderful sound mixing in  this film a full range of possible dynamic effects were used. Everything  from Hard hitting low freq - to harsh ear spliting noises, usally from the  planet's creatures.  When it hits DVD it will be in 2.35:1 widescreen so I  recomemed 38 inch TV or Bigger and please have a 5.1 Dolby Digital reciver  and the full range of speakers 6 in all, if you dont have a ok home theatre  this film might be something less for you..<br />- Note on the acting - Vin..  is the Man.. this young man has some talent and a Future unlike most of the  no-names in this film, but hey I'm a critc<br />-Note on Presntation- When  gathering the guys around or whom ever to watch this adjust the color to a  central level to advoid color bleeding and when the film starts look at the  black bars at the top and bottem of the screen and adjust the contrast and  britness to make the black bars bold and black not gray if this is done  you'll have the best set-up for this film... oh and Turn it up I recommend  something like 65db to 70db if you can..<br />enjoy.. ps. it's a good film to  make the chicks jump and hold on to you..
B000006NPY|4.0|The Pumpkins stirred up a lot of critical &quot;controversy&quot; of sorts  with this album. People either love it or hate it, and  I'm one of the  people who happen to like it. Love is too strong, but I definitely find  this album addictive. It's tough to categorize an album like this. If you  expect a &quot;typical&quot; guitar-driven Pumpkins album, you'll be  disappointed. Adore is full, lyrically rich, musically pulsing and  compelling. It's a pseudo-goth portrait with a techno-edge that drones  slowly and drearily. It may have been more fitting to label it as a Billy  Corgan solo album, but I appreciate &quot;the Smashing Pumpkins&quot; as a  unified band. Their break-up is a definite musical loss, but I'm glad to  have an album like Adore in my collection. It's full of heart, plastic  emotion, droning self-pity, and a flare of dark imagination. It's good for  a rainy day.
0743506650|5.0|Though far from the definitive writer's guideline, this book shines a  unique perspective on the craft. Stephen King lays down the law and then  teaches it. He shares his techniques, his pet peeves, and his own personal  horrific experiences - both as child and adult - and he does it all within  the cerebral classroom of the printed page. He wraps a juicy filling of  personal tragedy, growth and experience within a tight covering of his  famous story telling style. <br />   As a human, I was touched by his  childhood anecdotes and often laughed with him about his insecurities. I am  still in awe at what he has recently had to overcome physically. I mean,  damn.<br />   As a writer, I am grateful for a brief glimpse into his  vocational world. I gained confidence from learning about things I have  been doing right and have changed many bad habits (may the adverb rest in  peace). I've read several tomes on the subject and believe his reigns as  the most complete.<br />   I've been a fan of King's since the seventh grade  when I was given The Dead Zone and Cujo as an Easter present. A year later  I had read every book he'd published (with the exception of the dreaded  Limited Editions of which I could opine negatively for hours - suffice it  to say that writing should be for everyone to read, not just the rich).  I've read or listened to all his books since. I can honestly say, that this  is my favorite.<br />   Sometimes the coldest hands to wrap around your neck  are the true ones.<br />   The only bad thing I can say about this book is  that it's too short, something one rarely has the opportunity to state  regarding the beloved author.<br />   A huge thank you to Mr. King for a brief  indulgence into the life of a genius.
B00004W55E|4.0|Individuality, Rachelle Ferrell's long anticipated new CD is yet another  example of her musical genius. The only reason I did not give it a  five-star rating is that I am partial to First Instrument, (in my humble  opinion) her most brilliant work. This new CD is fabulous; and as usual,  listening to Rachelle is akin to a religious experience. These songs are  full of the stuff of life, love, and pain. I am particularly moved by the  song I Forgive You. When I first bought the CD I listened to this cut at  least 12 times. I'm feeling you Rachelle. This CD is therapeutic and  life-affirming, and as always, highlights the amazing range of her voice. I  thank you.      Angela Brooks
B00004X0M6|3.0|Instead of developing further as an artist like she did on her last album,  Laura throws out a few of her own musical cliches.  The background on some  of these tracks are banal...some of my friends think she is boring to  listen to, and I'm afraid that she is kind of boring here.  I'm not saying  that she has lost her talent- she can still produce nice music like  &quot;Somos Hoy&quot;, but she needs to be challenged.  How about some more  upbeat songs?<br />I also feel compelled to say that her  pronunciation/intonation of English is very weak.  I don't think she will  find success here unless she takes care of that problem.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I originally saw this movie in the theatre I have to say that I  literally had to recover from it before leaving.  I had only gone to see it  because my friend had to review it and I was half dreading it because it  looked like another violent plotless movie.   I don't think I could have  been more far from the truth. Yes, it is violent, but life is violent, and  the violence has a purpose in Fight Club.  It was not simply the plot and  the societal issues the movie portrayed that kept my interest but the  little details that added so much to the movie as a whole-the flashes of  people and places that add to the sense of the surreal life the insomniac  main character is living. What I have found is that most people either  absolutely love or absolutely hate Fight Club.  There is no in between.   For me this is one of the few recent movies that wasn't either pointless  and boring or mere entertainment without a plot
0790749815|5.0|With this film, Alfred Hitchcock set out to top himself and get back on  top after the failure of VERTIGO; he did just that. NORTH BY NORTHWEST is  automatically a classic with the acting by Cary Grant (his fourth and final  film with Hitchcock), Eva Maria Saint, James Mason, Leo G. Carroll (another  one of Hithcock's favorites), and young Martin Landau (in his film debut),  the amazing set pieces (the UN murder, the cropduster sequence, and the  climax atop Mt. Rushmore), Bernard Hermann's music score, and the classic  work of the camera by the Master of Suspense.  But this DVD's extras really  add to the film.  It includes a documentary hosted by Saint  (&quot;Destination Hitchcock,&quot; not &quot;The Man in Lincoln's  Nose&quot; as listed on this site), an audio commentary by screenwriter  Ernest Lehman, two theatrical trailers (a standard trailer and one  featuring Hitchcock), a TV Spot, an isolated music audio track and the film  itself remastered in Dolby 5.1 Audio and 1.66:1 widescreen anamorphic  format.  The only problem is it comes in a snap case like all Warners DVDs,  not allowing a booklet with production notes.  But this DVD is a must buy,  especially if you're a fan of Hitch.  It's also a note of interest for 007  fans (like myself).  This film brought about spy thrillers and you should  compare the cropduster sequence in this film to the helicopter sequence in  FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE.
B00004WG28|5.0|&quot;The King and I&quot; was a fabulous movie.  &quot;Anna and the King&quot; is also a fabulous movie.  Yes, this can be true!  In some ways  (and I only dare write this because I'm staying anonymous -- judging from  certain reactions, some people might want to come after me) &quot;Anna and  the King&quot; is better than &quot;The King and I.&quot;  It does a better  job of taking you away to a faraway but very real place, and leaving you  breathless for the entire movie.  The chemistry between the leads was so  real you could almost feel it, and I didn't find any of the subplots  distracting.  In the end, although they are based on the same basic story,  these are two very different movies.  I would recommend watching both.
6305428042|5.0|I never understood the negative reviews for Hocus Pocus.  We went to the  theatre anyway and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  Bette Midler is hammy,  yes, but it's Bette!  She's playing a beaver-toothed, child chasing 17th  century witch in a Disney flick.  What else is there but hammy?! Kathy  Nijimy, with her Dairy Queen hair and lopsided grin, is a hoot.  And Sarah  Jessica Parker, the curvaceous, third sister, does Sex In the  City...Salem-style! (stictly PG of course!)  Thora Birch has yet to reach  her brooding, raven-haired American Beauty stage, so she's still adorable!   And to top it off, there is Zachary Binx, the talking black cat...an  obvious inspiration for Sabrina, the Teenage Witch's Salem!  My  seven-year-old daughter loves this movie!  I finally purchased the video  today (we had been holding out for a DVD release) to save myself the video  rental fees! If you're not a &quot;serious student of film&quot; and can  sit and watch and just enjoy a fun movie...rent Hocus Pocus for a test  drive...and then buy it!
B00000JCB2|1.0|I don't know how many times I can say this, but Fred Durst and his lame  band have NO talent!! I don't know why this band is so popular! the lyrics  are the STUPIDIST Things I've ever heard on any album!! I really don't see  how a band that puts nothing in to their music or fan relationships are so  respected! It makes no sence! why can't all these mindless people open up  their eyes and see what a jerk Fed Drst is! He is not worthy of being  called a musician! This album may be the worst album I've ever heard in my  life, but I have a feeling that their next one will be worse! I mean what  kind of name is choclate starfish and the hot dog flavord water!?! I've  heard 2 songs off this album, and I for one will not waste my money! If you  really want to hear some limp bizkit, go and babysit your baby brother, the  meeningless sounds coming out of his mouth, make alot more sence then  Fred's lyrics, or this bands music!
B00000HZFH|5.0|Built to Spill is both creative and focused.  Their sounds are beautiful  and skillful.  They are talented in all areas, both musically and  lyrically.  The guitar sounds bob and weave, bringing songs to a haunting  conclusion.  Broken Chairs is such a song.  At a hefty 8 minutes, Built to  Spill showcases wonderful guitar solos and other various instruments.  The  songs, at first, sound distant and unappealing.  However, continued  exposure will have you thinking, &quot;Wow.&quot;  Carry the Zero is an  amazing song, which leaves you breathless and emotionally spent.  It's sad  melodies are representative of most of the album.  For a change of pace,  listen to Center of the Universe.  This song had limited radio airplay, and  is the most instantly catchy song.  Also, Sidewalk, is an upbeat song,  reminding me of British pop rock songs.  The greatest gem on the CD has to  be You Were Right.  It is a power punch of a song dealing with fleeting  fame and contains many rock references.  Keep it a Secret is a masterpiece,  and a testament of Northwest music.
B00004SCX6|2.0|My freind loves Britney Spears, and made me listen to this CD.  Britney is  so fake sounding, but her quality of her music and the sound is better,  though.  Britney Spears isn't my *favorite* singer, but this CD is better  then her other CD.  <br />Ooops! I Did It Again: Popish, but its really up  beat.<br />Stronger: I like the beginging, but then the rest of the song is  totally popish! Britney has such a fake voice.<br />Don't Go Knockin' On My  Door: I hate this song!!!!!!! This song makes her so more fake then any  other song!<br />(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction: I like this one.  She did a  better job then the Rolling Stones, even though she is a pop star!<br />What U  See (Is What U Get): I wish some of my guyfriends would listen to this  song! It has a good meaning for a pop song, even though I hate pop so  much!<br />Lucky: This is my favorite song she did.  Its not competely pop,  although she sounds so computerized.  It shows how superstars don't have a  perfect life.<br />One Kiss From You: Ugh! This song sucks!!!!!<br />Where Are  You Know: Sweet, too popish.<br />Can't Make You Love Me: OK.  Its  annoying.<br />When Your Eyes Say It: I love this song too! Even though I hate  pop, this song is so r0mantic! Its *really* p0pish, but I think its s0  sweet!<br />Dear Diary: Her voice is too quiet, and shes trying to sound  sweet, but its all fake! The song, its ok.<br />So, if you like pop, get it.   Not for all those rock, punk, and hard rock fans.
0671034065|5.0|I've never read anything from Linda Howard before, but I sure will now.   This book was really fun to read.  The dialogue was original and really  funny.  I laughed and laughed.  The romance was great.  A real winner!
B00000K3UR|5.0|I love this m0vie!!!!! Adam Sandler wuz s0 funny! And these two new  cuties, C0le and Dylan Spr0use are als0 g00d.  J0n Stewert(Daily Sh0w) wuz  surprisngly wasn't as funny as he on The Daily Sh0w, but still its a  classic! Great cast, funnY and catchy lines.  This is the best Adam Sanlder  movie I've seen besides, 'Water Boy and The Wedding Singer.'  Its a true  c0medy.  If y0u haven't seen it yet, then I might suggest renting it t0day!
B00003CXGP|1.0|This was the worst movie I have seen since &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;.   I'm sorry..I just did not get it.  Maybe the horrible acting distracted me  from the integral plot points, if there were any....
B00003CX95|3.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen in the last decade. I saw it 6  times in the theater, and when it came out in VHS I bought a copy which I  have honestly worn out. This is a great movie. Why then give only three  stars? This DVD version is awful.<br />When buying movies, I usually first  look for widescreen format. I love that aspect of DVDs and most of my VHS  tapes are that way too. This DVD is widescreen, but that is only real good  thing about it. Then I look for special features of the DVD, especially  great movies like this one. I often listen to the secondary audio track of  movies to get a feel for what its like to make a movie. Moreover, you get  great insight about a particular movie that you may overlook  otherwise.<br />Mel Gibson narrates the special audio track with such insight  and excitement I think I am watching a slug. I think no forethought was  used when Gibson decided to narrate this DVD and I think he forgets most of  the interesting facets of this movie. I have two DVDs which the special  audio narration is incredible, Ghostbusters and A Bug's Life. But these  narrations are the exception to the rule. The average is something like  Opie's Apollo 13 narration. Kind of dry but still has enough interesting  facts and stories to make it worth while. Then there is Mel Gibson's  Braveheart. What garbage. Watch the movie, ignore the special  features.<br />This DVD should have been more like the Shawshank Redemption.  They let the movie stand on its own.
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard has done it again!  She has managed once again to write a  suspenseful, on the edge of your seat, book.  And still, even with the  gruesome murders, it was funny and witty.  I just loved the relationship  between Sam Donovan and Jaine Bright. This is a wonderful book!
B00004SCX6|5.0|If you enjoy pop, boy. . . you'll love this CD! Every 12 songs on it are  different in their own ways but great, great for dancing, performing and  plain listening. I don't think this CD could be any more perfect. Way  better than the first CD. Buy this CD for yourself, your kid or your  friend. You won't regret it!
1570627215|5.0|This is a story that will speak to multitudes for a very long time to  come.  A story that can whisper its own timeless message as if it is  speaking to the reader only.  One may become lost in its pages, but not  confused.  For those with ears to hear and eyes to see, this is a work of  importance for those who wish to know themselves.
B00001MXWZ|2.0|Ayer pude ver insurrection y me parecio un paso atras en la reconciliacion  con el interes por el buen cine. La idea de la historia es interesante,el  libro no la aprovecha sino que cae en los lugares convencionales de: algo  de accion,algo de romance y unos cuantos tipos con disfraz de  extraterrestres (por que los detalles asquerosos de RuFAR?.La idea respeta  el espiritu de la serie,la pelicula prefiere los efectos especiales {no  siempre utiles a la historia} que,por otra parte, en First Contact fueron  mucho mejor utilizados y mas creibles {el E NCC1701E no se ve real}.Algunas  escenas graciosas me parecen ridiculas , sobre todo no concuerdan con los  personajes.A pesar de todo las ganas de ver a TNG son mas fuertes que mis  criticas y estoy esperando una proxima pelicula en el mejor estilo de la  serie y de First Contact.
B0000039QA|5.0|this has to be the firstalbum to ever sells more than 10 million copies  and it's a harcore rapper album too which is hard to do. I listened to the  album and i was empresed by his words and his style of rapping cause it was  very good and I loved the song &quot;Hypnotize&quot; which is one of the  reasons why i bought this album. the beat is very catchy and I love listen  to the way he raps on the cd cause it's real good. I also am sadde that he  died so young. he had alot to offer us listeners' and his music will live  on since he has pasted but i'm really sad for his family cause I know how  it is lossing someone you love to violence. I hope the best for his family  and I wish him all the best in heaven with god and other fallen people who  were victim to violence. This CD made me miss him and the track &quot;Miss  U' is dedicated to Biggie from me to him as a fan. <br />We love you Biggie  smalls! Take Care
B00004Y62T|3.0|Set in the beauties of the Italian coast, &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley&quot; is a suspenseful drama about lies, murder, deception, and one  man's desire to be somebody.  Accolades to the videographers, set  designers, and individual actors, but no such praise for the plot.<br />Under  the direction of Anthony Minghella, &quot;Mr. Ripley&quot; is one of the  most visually stimulating films of this year!  Matt Damon (Good Will  Hunting) is exceptional, as usual, playing the virtual nobody, Tom Ripley.   Propelled to the beautiful shores of Italy under false pretenses, Tom must  coaxe the tychoon son, Dickie (played by Jude Law) into coming back to  America from his seemingly endless vacation at daddy's expense.  The plot  thickens, however, as Tom weaves himself into Dickie's life and indeed  takes on Dickie's character.  Ripley quickly finds himself attempting to  right one lie after another.  My mother always said that lying was bad  because once you got started it was hard to remember what was true and what  was a lie...Tom is my mothers poster child!  Unfortunately, this very issue  is overplayed and its effect is lost.  Gwyneth Paltrow (Dickie's steady,  but not only lady) uses her beauty, wit, and poise to portray the perfect  lover/friend/about to be slashed vixen.  She quickly sees through Tom's  charade and is a threat to his unraveling, but never fear, Tom is extremely  talented after all.<br />The movie moves quickly, enraptures its viewers, but  leaves them feeling victimized.  Three murders, a dozen lies, and enough  turns to capsize any sea worthy craft later, The talented Mr. Ripley misses  the mark in overall performance.  The film is acted superbly, the scenes  are amazing, but the plot leaves a bad taste in your mouth.  3 1/2 stars!
B00003CWL6|3.0|this film is another example of the dictum that movies that threaten to &quot;uncover&quot; the rotten heart of suburbia and the american dream  start off with three stars from most critics... by now, this is an overused  and easy device, that does not stand up to multiple uses....gee, you mean  that the suburbs and the nuclear family are not what they seem to be on  their placid outsides?...wow... thanks again guys... there is not one new  thought in this film that has not been expressed before, and i'm safe in  believing that 10 years from now this film will have been mostly  forgotten... i still believe it merits 3 stars, for fine performances, a  good script, and nice direction, making it certainly worthy of some  respect, but the oscar and all this praise below? don't think so...
078324228X|5.0|let me just say after reviewing the movie hurricane it scares me to think  that because of a mans skin color he could be sentenence to  an unfair  trial and be punish for a crime he did not commit .yet the truth be known  crimes like this have been going on for years . and the crime i speak about  is predjudice.but looking at the movie for one to overcome that adverisity  not only made him a unherald champion inside the ring but outside koodoos  denzel washington for once again a brilliant performance
B000005QH3|1.0|Well, where to begin? First of all, I'm close to 40 years old, and enjoy  old musclecars as much as the next person. Like a Tiger, they (musclecars)  should be admired for their beauty and strength, but not set loose at full  boil on an unsuspecting public. WHAT was so romantic about this film????? A  man high on dope, running from the police, on public highways, in a high  performance Mopar? And all for what? A bet. Yep.....this movie ranks right  up there with Smokey and the Bandit for sheer stupidity. Actually, this  movie was before that time, but with one difference, Burt Reynolds was not  high as a kite.  Now, I love a good action flick, same as most anyone. In a  good movie, you can forget about your troubles for awhile, and not worry  about everyday troubles. But even in 1971, this movie sent out all the  wrong messages. It's Ok to flee from police just because you made a bet  with someone. It's Ok to speed on public highways to your heart's content,  as long as you're &quot;The Last Free Spirit.&quot; As long as you have a  cool, fast car, and you're polite to people, it's OK to do these things.   My problem with this movie (and yes, I did see it at the drive-in theatre  in 71) is the way the movie, and fans alike, glorify the character.   Behavior of that type was just as stupid in 1971, AS IT IS TODAY.  If a  maniac ran you off the road while fleeing from the police, would you  &quot;understand,&quot; simply because he or she was the last &quot;free  person?&quot;  People take this film waaaaaaaay to seriously. Freedom?  Freedom from WHAT?????? Oh.....it must be the freedom we all desire from  those ruthless American Gestapo agents. You know, not being able to own a  fast car. Not being able to place a bet and go speeding at 160mph down the  interstate. Not being allowed to get high, and then go speeding 160mph down  the interstate.Grow UP people!!!
B00000DD35|5.0|New Jersey was my first Bon Jovi album back in 1989 when I turned 10, and  I've had FOUR more copies since because I wore it out so many times!  I  haven't even gotten this yet and I can give it a great rating: 5 stars, a  MUST for Bon Jovi fans, one of their best!  Lay Your Hands on Me, Bad  Medicine, Born To Be My Baby, Living In Sin, I'll Be There For You, and  Blood on Blood (which I believe was only released as a video single, but  don't quote me on that!) are all great songs!  Homebound Train is a wild  in-your-face song, with a neat harmonica/keyboard/guitar solo going (goes  from one into the other!), Wild is thw Wind (my personal favorite!) is  great ballad, Ride Cowboy Ride is recorded in Mono, but still a real treat  for Richie Sambora fans (because he sings the WHOLE thing with Jon!!!!),  Stick to Your Guns, another great ballad with a Western theme behind it  like &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot;, 99 in the Shade is a great party  song, such as Crush's One Wild Night, and Love For Sale is a fun song that  will have people rolling on the floor with laughter!  <br />If this box set  has more songs (possibly JBJ singing lead on Richie Sambora's 'Rosie' and a  different version of Richie's 'River of Love' (don't quote me, I WILL write  another review once I get this set), then it is worth more than words can  describe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000005QH3|1.0|Well, where to begin? First of all, I'm close to 40 years old, and enjoy  old musclecars as much as the next person. Like a Tiger, they (musclecars)  should be admired for their beauty and strength, but not set loose at full  boil on an unsuspecting public. WHAT was so romantic about this film????? A  man high on dope, running from the police, on public highways, in a high  performance Mopar? And all for what? A bet. Yep.....this movie ranks right  up there with Smokey and the Bandit for sheer stupidity. Actually, this  movie was before that time, but with one difference, Burt Reynolds was not  high as a kite.  Now, I love a good action flick, same as most anyone. In a  good movie, you can forget about your troubles for awhile, and not worry  about everyday troubles. But even in 1971, this movie sent out all the  wrong messages. It's Ok to flee from police just because you made a bet  with someone. It's Ok to speed on public highways to your heart's content,  as long as you're &quot;The Last Free Spirit.&quot; As long as you have a  cool, fast car, and you're polite to people, it's OK to do these things.   My problem with this movie (and yes, I did see it at the drive-in theatre  in 71) is the way the movie, and fans alike, glorify the character.   Behavior of that type was just as stupid in 1971, AS IT IS TODAY.  If a  maniac ran you off the road while fleeing from the police, would you  &quot;understand,&quot; simply because he or she was the last &quot;free  person?&quot;  People take this film waaaaaaaay to seriously. Freedom?  Freedom from WHAT?????? Oh.....it must be the freedom we all desire from  those ruthless American Gestapo agents. You know, not being able to own a  fast car. Not being able to place a bet and go speeding at 160mph down the  interstate. Not being allowed to get high, and then go speeding 160mph down  the interstate.Grow UP people!!!
B00000DHZJ|5.0|I got this album for christmas last year. not knowing who Jimi Hendrix  even was at the time, I only listened to it every once in a while. After a  while, i realized i loved it! Now i own 5 hendrix cd's. Jimi hendrix, less  than a year later, is my favorite musician.
B00003CX95|5.0|A movie like this comes around maybe every 75 years. This movie is Mel  Gibson at his best. Perhaps the best part of this movie is the music,  listening to this music can be enough to make a grown man cry, but taking  these sounds enforced by vivid imagery are what make this quite possibly  the best movie ever. I've seen this movie many times and it has never lost  it's effect. FREEDOM!
6304025831|4.0|&quot;Casino&quot; tells the tale of Las Vegas run by the mob through the decades. Sam Rothenstein (DeNiro) is the casino manager and Nicky Santoro  (Pesci) is the hot-headed criminal who brings heat into the land of slot  machines and dice. Sharon Stone also heats things up big time in her mini  skirts and jewels as she plays Sam's sultry wife, who has an affair with  Nicky and throws everything into complete turmoil. &quot;GoodFellas&quot;  stars join the cast here, for this three hour plus film filled with blood,  love, lust and excitement. Never a dull moment. Scorsese once again does  the job with great directing. See it. It stays with you.
B000002HPV|5.0|With each album, Bjork gets bolder and bolder.  Her music becomes more and  more emotionally powerful.  This, her third cd, combines orchestration and  strong electronic sounds which create one amazing album.  Each song has  beautiful melodies and technical sound structures.<br /> It Starts you out  with the harmonious Hunter, climaxes with the intense Pluto and relaxes and  sets you off down stream with the soft, trippy All is Full of Love.<br />Pure  music.
B00004UEIC|5.0|This is a classic Wes Montgomery album.  Not as slick and polished as  later efforts but more soul and feeling.  Great combo assembled here for a  guitar oriented outting.  This disc has been remastered from the original  tapes using the JVC K2 Super Coding process.  The process works to the  extent that on a couple of tracks, you forget you are listening to a  recording.  Wes is in the room with you grooving on that hollow body  guitar.  There are better Wes Montgomery albums but none have better sound  (yet) than this one.
6305922748|1.0|Despite Tapster.com and the Spinal Tap website at MGM advertising one hour  of new footage on tape and DVD, the VHS version that I ordered, which is  the 2000 special edition, does NOT have these additions.  This is a hugely  funny movie as basically the version that came out in 1982, but this video  is not worth buying twice.  (It is almost exactly the same as the  &quot;old&quot; video.)  This re-release does not even have the two videos  that appeared at the end of the original release.  Shame on MGM!<br />Amazon,  I note, does correctly identify that the VHS is remastered but that the DVD  has additional footage.  I should have read Amazon's description and not  relied on MGM's ad blitz which even today (September 18th, 2000) still has  a note on their website promising 1 hour of new footage on VHS and DVD.   <br />They should have done it in Dobly.
B000002UJQ|4.0|It's good, with what appears to be a pionnering use of guitar chords and  various modes of production. It can be compared to John Lennon's immediate  post Beatle work or the Manic Street Preachers or Nick Drake with regards  to vulnerability. Personal favourites inc.. 'Subterranan Homesick Alien'  (Worth listening to driving around the Oxford to Chipping Norton area at  dusk), 'Electionerring' (worth listening to during a general election or US  Presidential election campaign), are among two of my favs.. Not for  listening in a depressed mood now
6305399212|5.0|When I was 12 I refused to watch this movie with my mom and brother - I  sat in my room and was probably just as scared and tense as if I had  actually watched it!  All I could hear was screaming, then silence, then  more screaming, then some shouting and gunfire, then more screaming.  But  let me tell you, when I finally saw it, I wanted to kick myself for wasting  so much time!<br />  First, I felt that the dialogue was real and genuine -  when I watch a movie I have to feel that what the characters are saying  could be said in the real world, even if the subject matter itself is  other-worldly.  The interactions between the characters, their dialogue,  even their expressions are all beautifully written and acted.  Don't get me  wrong - the marines still talk like marines, but nothing is contrived.       You also can not ignore the amazing effects in the movie!  Giger's designs  (he created the alien body prototype in the first movie) are just as  breathtaking, frightening, and surreal in this sequel as they were in the  original, and the alien queen is a masterpiece!  The setting is also well  done - the landscape of LV-426 (the planet that Ripley and the team of  marines go to investigate) is haunting and dark, giving it a real feeling  of alienness.<br />  Finally, who can forget Ripley (played with balls, grit,  and a dash of motherly instinct by Sigourney Weaver)?  She is, to my mind  the strongest female character in this genre to date, and yet she does  retain a measure of femininity. The relationship she forms with Newt, the  young girl and lone survivor on LV-426, seems to be surrogate to the  relationship she lost with the death of her own daughter, who died during  Ripley's 57 year hypersleep.  Also, Ripleys romantic bond with Hicks (one  of the Marines) is there, but is done in a nice subtle way that doesnt  ditract from the sci-fi action.<br />Having the extra 18 or so minutes was a  wonderful thing for me, having seen both the TV and regular video versions  MANY times.  There is more background into the colony on LV-426 and how  they were initially exposed to the alien threat, and there are scenes that  were previously in only the TV and/or regular video version.<br />  One more  thing - this movie is chock full of action, exploding alien exoskeletons,  gore, fire-fights, slimy alien pods, rough marine language, cool weaponry,  and great one liners.  This is not a movie that you should forgoe!  See it,  for me, for yourself, for posterity...then pass the word on to the next  poor fool whose been living in a cave for the past 15 years.
1558908498|4.0|The plot to Scream 2 was pretty good, but could have been better.  I liked  how they throw Cotton as a suspect for the killer and how he got put in  jail for being accused for the murder of Cindy's mother's death.  The  reason I gave this DVD a &quot;3&quot;  is because it's not as scary as the  original, the sequel is never better than the original.  I also like how  the boyfriend isn't the killer.  The only bad thing about all the Scream  movies is that the killer knows Cindy.  But over all it was a good scary  movie.
6303481272|5.0|This movie is Great!!!  The fight scenes are full of wanton wonderful  blood spewing violence!!!  A dash of naked flesh and more violence what  more could we want?  Close to being my favorite next to Wicked City.  This  is what Anime is all about.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Love of my Life, Smooth and the other songs you hear on the radio everyday  are as good as ever.  It is the rest of the CD that I found extremely  disappointing.  Kind of like when you see the previews for a new comedy  movie and the only good parts are the previews!
038542471X|4.0|I had to read The Clint for a book report and I did not think it was going  to be very intertaning but once I started reading it I could not put it  down. Its a real page turner. I like how the make Mark the good kid who  wants to do the right thing but after he was threatend by the Mafia  he  tried to keep his family and him from getting hurt. Reggie  is a execellent  character  even through she has only been a lawyer for 5 years she is  confident about herself and knows to watch her back. This book is a great  book to read if your into  sitting on the edge of your seat  through every  chapter.  I think John Grisham is a incredible writer  he is a very in  depth writer and knows how to keep people wondering. I highly  recommend  this book to everyone.
B00001OH7P|5.0|This album brings back a lot of fond memories. Being in the audience at  Winterland and seeing the creme-de-la creme of San Francisco rock artistes  sitting in special &quot;boxes&quot; above the dance floor. An entirely new  creative energy emerging on the stage, but not before a tantalizingly slow  set change from the band before (whoever they were? Slade, maybe?) Then the  main event, the arrival of Ziggy stardust, Bowie in his most outageous and  purest persona. It seemed that if you were in the audience and you blinked  one or two times he had on a different costume. Orange hair way before punk  was even a term. Lipstick, eye-shadow, who is this guy? It really was as if  he were the man who fell to earth. Mick Ronson blowing our young,  impressionable minds with his keyboard playing. This CD definitely captures  an era, before glam-rock had become a cliche and the whole androgynous  rock-star motif had lapsed into self-parody. Bowie really did represent  something entirely new and fresh at that moment in rock-history.
0060196122|5.0|Using deceptively simple language, Coelho tells us the story of Veronika,  who attempts suicide, only to wake up in a mental hospital where she is  told she has irreparably damaged her heart and she has only a week to live.  Through her interactions with fellow patients and the hospital staff,  Veronika examines the nature of death and life, and reawakens to the joy of  living in each moment. Like in faerie tales, the language and story of the  book are easy to read. But don't let its simplicity fool you. Covering the  way of life in our modern world, its effect on us, the nature of what's  commonly referred to as 'insanity', and more, Coelho has crafted a  delicious gem that is heartening and celebratory. This is the second book  I've read by him, and it certainly won't be the last.
6305078564|5.0|This is one of the first DVDs I purchased, and it's the one DVD I will  watch over and over again.<br />Each time I watch this movie, I feel like I  have stepped back in time.  The romance between Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy is  delightful to watch as they stumble through several  misunderstandings<br />This is a beautiful adaptation.  Bravo to the A&amp;E  network on another success.
B0000020C4|5.0|OH MY GOSH!!!   THE EPONINE HERE IS THE BEST. I LOVE HER VOICE. I NEVER  HAVE HEARD SUCH A BEAUTIFUL ANGELIC VOICE SO FAR TO EVER PORTRAY THE ROLE  OF EPONINE. IF I CAN ONLY GIVE 6 STARS, I WOULD HAVE DONE IT ALREADY. GET  THIS CD, BY FAR THE BEST AMONG THE REST. A STELLAR-DREAM-CAST RECORDING OF  LES MIZ....
B000002NJS|5.0|What I can't believe is why I waited so long to buy this beautiul work of  art!!!  I heard it when it 1st came out, and instantly loved it, just never  bought it (duh!!!).  I went to Puerto Rico last week and heard it while  waiting on my cab...bought it the next day when I got home!<br />She sings  with so much maturity.  It really appears that Madonna has been reborn and  decided to write/sing about the process...much to your musical pleasure!!!  Thanks Madonna!!!
0805062971|5.0|First of all I am a huge movie critic and I cut a movie into pieces, but  when I saw fight club i couldn't speak, it was the best and then I read the  book and unbeliveble. #1 since catcher in the rye! Keep it real!
0792156684|1.0|I'm Sorry In a democracy you can have a million idiots and one sane  person. Was it me or did anyone else notice the Irish bias  and the love  story with a ten year old kid! Granted the special effects were great but  the script and charactes were cliched and miscast and lacking in any  individuality.Awful movie period
B00004WKII|5.0|Where does one begin to describe the sheer brillance of James Marshall  Hendrix. The liner notes, providing the track-by-track information mention  Jimi and Chas Chandler as avid science fiction enthusiasts, as they lay  down some amusing dialogue on Third Stone From The Sun. Maybe that explains  Jim's unearthly talent. Perhaps he was an alien creature sent down to  revolutionize the sad state of earthly music....Whatever, there is no  plausible explaination for genius, not at this level. <br />This box set is  the motherlode. With all the reissued material marketed under various  guises you would think that the vaults were empty. Fortunately there is  this collection. I won't waste anyone's valuable time with my feeble words  attempting to descibe the material contained herein. Suffice to  say....&quot;You will never hear surf music again&quot; R.I.P. old friend,  your remarkable talent truly did revolutionize the feeble earth music.  You're likeness we shall never see again.
B00004WG2F|5.0|There is only one thing I can say about this DVD movie.  Bravo!   I own the VHS verson of this film and was looking for a way to expierence more.   I was pleased to get a glimps of what the actors were feeling when making  this wounderfully cast film.  With a DVD, there is more to it than just the  movie and the credits.  You get a feeling of controll when you can choose  what you would like to view at what time.  The picture is so clear and with  a movie like LEGENDS, you can expierence the spactacular landscaping that  is Montanna.  Each sound and sight is so much better than the VHS version.   Plus you can see the behind the scens of the film and get cast and crew  comentairy.  I look forward to viewing other DVD movies in the future.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Well, here's a fine example of what they call pop music today. First of all, the music of Oops i did it again, if we can call that music, is a  bunch of cheap sounds and noises producing melodies that where probably  created by scientifics to make sure they would hook young teens who don't  know about music. (I also suspect they throw in some subliminal stuff to  hook some more! )Then comes the awfully weak voice of miss Spears which  delivers very very very predictables words made up by professional  writers.CLICHS. Don't they get tired of singing these same damn words! .   You can almost find out what they are even if you don't know the song! Have  you ever heard Britney's voice live? Most the time, well it's the cd that  sings, and when she really sings, she has often problems singing the right  notes and produces very low volume.(one time, her was live voice was  triple-tracked to add some depth) She's LUCKY to have good backup singers.  It really pisses me off a great deal that 'artists' like her get so much  success. She'll probably never write a decent song and she probably don't  what a chord is. The companies which produces this kind of musical PRODUCT  (It's not a real creative effort, it's a commercial product) should be  ashamed. She'll probably put out 1 or 2 other albums and we'll soon forget  about her. Oops I did it again. She did again?   What the hell did she do  first ?  In a few shows, she'll probably perform naked to get more popular.  From the mickey mouse club to the strippers club. Do you think she'd be  that popular if she wasn't good looking? All the songs that she putted out  where exactly the same structure.  Verse,verse,bridge,chorus,verse,bridge,chorus,interlude,bridge and then the  final chorus which always features more voices. Also, the singles release  are well planned. An up-beat dance song, then a 'touching' ballad and then  the mega hit pop song. the same thing for both albums.  This record is a  fine example of how to make money out of music. A recording label takes a  pretty faces who can sing if possible, throw in a lot of money to get radio  airplay, to create spectacular videos and a lot of media attention. And  when it works, clones appears(Aguilera, Simpson, moore and others) I won't  even start about the boyzband which really upset me a lot I hope this trend  of cheap shallow meaningless teen pop music will soon get to an end and  give space for real artists. I really don't understand how you like this  kind of music. Another thing that pisses me is that she wins awards for her  music. WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN' ON?  I suspect some corruption. If you love  this cd and this kind of music, with all do respect, you don't love music.I  wonder if you'll listen to it in a couple of years. Weak music,weak  lyrics,weak voice, but great marketing &amp; looks. I'M A BIG TIME MUSIC  LOVER. GOOD MUSIC BY REAL ARTIST REALLY CAN TAKE YOU TO ANOTHER LEVEL. i  DON'T THINK SPEARS CAN DO IT. NO
0061008079|5.0|I have read nearly all of Barbara's books, but Woman of Substance is the  most fascinating of all. Emma proves that anything is attainable if we want  something badly enough. Her background gives her the destermination she  needs to overcome the odds. I especially like Blakie. He adds humour as  well as giving Emma strength to fight. An amazing book, Barbara.
0792156684|1.0|I'm Sorry In a democracy you can have a million idiots and one sane  person. Was it me or did anyone else notice the Irish bias  and the love  story with a ten year old kid! Granted the special effects were great but  the script and charactes were cliched and miscast and lacking in any  individuality.Awful movie period
1573225517|2.0|This novel is in the same vein as the Adrian Mole and Bridget Feilding  stories; simple observation                     dressed up as literature.  The book is amusing, but remains on the level of a simple statement of  facts (or                     observations) and never analyses any of them.  I draw an equivalent between this and easy listening                      music, literary Dire Straits, to maintain the pop metaphor of the book.  Lots of froth, but little or no beer.
B0000029LG|5.0|I will always support Michael Jackson. He is best of  all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He is deeply in pain,he is the KING OF POP  &amp; KING OF CHILDREN. Bless him, joy himself in NEVERLAND. Never be  older, sadder, happy like the Peter Pan. I had a strong belief that is he  is the greatest artists forever,like the sun up and down everyday.He won't  be a comet but a sun of hevean.
0553277472|5.0|Reading this book is a life-altering experience.  I first read this book  12 years ago, and I have read it, re-read it, and re-read it, and re-read  it.  I keep coming back to the simple wisdom, the simple truths, and the  simple elegance of this book.  It is worth every penny, every page, every  minute.  I found the artificial dichcotomy between the subjective and  objective to be a bit simplistic, but for the purposes of Pirsig's  argument, they served a useful purpose.  This is a book for seekers; while  it asks more questions than it answers, the answers it gives are profound  and worthwhile.
B000001FXV|4.0|As live albums go, Marley's &quot;Live&quot; is a pretty good effort. It  is quite obvious that his band was in good form that evening, and that  Marley himself had the crowd eating from his hand.<br />The song selection is  good, with a good mix of protest and love songs to keep the audience's  juices flowing.<br />I don't care too much at all for live albums- there are  too many potental technical problems, no less recording the band on an off  night (I don't recall how many Grateful Dead bootlegs or legit live  releases I've heard where the band sounded lousy...), or the mis-mixing and  bad mastering- too much crowd, not enough crowd, etc etc etc... but to my  pleasant surprise, &quot;Live&quot; avoids most of these pitfalls, and  comes across strong.<br />Because I am not a fan of live lps, I reluctantly  recommend this one. It has nothing to do with Marley's performance on that  evening- its quite good, as were the Barrett brothers and the I-Threes..I  just think that the Wailers 1st 3 studio lps- &quot;Catch a Fire,&quot;  &quot;Burnin',&quot;, and &quot;Natty Dread,&quot; are better all around  examples of the group at its finest, and the listener would be better  served with these lps over a Live one....
0385495323|5.0|Simon Singh has once again amazed me with his ability to cover complex  subjects, in relative detail, while maintaining the readers interest.  Few  writers are ever able to do this - and Singh does it beautifully.  After  all, who could possibly have imagined a &quot;Math Book&quot; that was so  interesting that liberal arts majors would devour it?<br />For those of us  wondering how to protect our privacy, it's a fascinating primer on the  battles of the mind that have delivered modern cryptography.<br />For the rest  of us who are merely curious about the ability to cover up secrets, and the  ability to uncover them, it's an intriguing story that captivates the  imagination.<br />Bravo Simon.  For Pete's sake, don't stop now!
B000002AQQ|5.0|I absoultely love this cd. It is the best cd collection every made. I love  every song. It totaly rocks, reccomend to all
0446605409|3.0|If you think you are getting into a story about scientists, biological  warfare, and world wide terrorism (as the cover leads for you to believe)  get ready for a big disappointment.  This book boils down to a murder story  worthy of a &quot;USA Network Original Movie&quot;.  It's not bad and if  you are one of those people who read a lot and enjoy a &quot;by the  numbers&quot; murder mystery, then go for it.  Corey is entertaining in a  &quot;Fletch-wannabe&quot; way, but his act it like a Backstreet Boys  single:  Mildly entertaining for a while, then annoyingly over-played, then  just excruciatingly painful.  If this is Nelson's best work, I'll pass on  his other efforts.
B000001FY9|4.0|I suppose I am probably the only person in the world today who feels like  &quot;Legend&quot; is NOT a 100% true representation of what the Wailers  were...<br />Lest they be forgotten, the true, original Wailers were the late  Peter Tosh, Bunny Wailer, and the late Bob Marley, and the trio released 2  of the most important works of reggae in &quot;Catch a Fire&quot; and  &quot;Burnin'&quot;, yet only 3 songs from these 2 classic lps shows on  this compilation. Granted the 3 tunes are gems, but others, like  &quot;Concrete Jungle,&quot; &quot; Slave Driver,&quot; &quot;Burning and  Looting,&quot;  and the Tosh composition &quot;400 Years&quot; should have  been included here.<br />I know, this is a Bob Marley collection... this many  be true, but Tosh and Wailer were just as critical to the success that Bob  enjoyed as Bob himself was, and the 1st 2 Wailers lps have held up better  over time than some of Bob's post Tosh/Wailer lps, such as &quot;Babylon By  Bus,&quot; &quot;Uprising,&quot; and &quot;Survival.&quot;<br />I am in no way  knocking Bob Marley at all- far from it..all I am trying to point out is  that the lack of the original wailers on this lp is a crime and therefore  does not fully represent all that Bob did in his career..so, buy this lp if  you choose, but PLEASE also get &quot;Catch a Fire&quot; and  &quot;Burnin'&quot;
B000001GPX|5.0|This was the very first recording of classical music I ever got, and ever  since, I've been hooked. Even my friends at my school, when they heard the  magnificent C-Major opening of the Finale of the C-minor symphony, thought  it was superb! They had never heard anything like it, they said! They are  not classical music-fans, but they were amazed by the wildly extatic Finale  to the 7th symphony too... If young guys who never have liked classical  music say that this is good music, it can't get any better!
B00000J631|5.0|This CD is awesome. It has a huge variety of artists, and while listening  to it I realized I've seen most of these bands live.  It also got me  interested in other bands I've never heard of.
B000002UJQ|5.0|i don't know why it took me so long to buy this album but i finally did  and i am at a loss for words.  i haven't felt this way about an album since  pink floyd's animals. you will not be disappointed with this believe me.  standouts include the tourist, electioneering, karma police, and of course  paranoid android.
B000001FXX|5.0|The demise of the original Wailers was certainly tougher on Bunny Wailer  and Peter Tosh in terms of later success than it was on Bob Marley, who saw  the value in spreading his beautifully defiant messages in music that meant  crossing over to reach white audiences at the risk of alienating his core  Rastafarian audiences at home.<br />As it turned out, Bob successfully reached  everyone, and &quot;Natty Dread,&quot; his first crossover success, proved  it. There is little I can say about this lp that hasn't been said hundreds  of times before, but here goes. It is one of the most perfect reggae lps  made. Bob, now the undisputed leader, shines his visionary lights on high  beam for the world to see. His was a message of defiant unity- a message  that Peter Tosh also embraced, but in a much more radical way. <br />The key  to Bob's success was that he understood moderation. His protests were  subtle, poignant, yet you still knew they were protests, whereas Tosh's  protests were blatent, in your face accusations (which I admire to no end)  that left little to the imagination..<br />Bob's protest/love songs, such as  &quot;No Woman No Cry,&quot; are true tearjerkers, while  &quot;Revolution&quot; leaves no doubt where Bob is at. The mix of love and  protest on &quot;Natty Dread&quot; is a perfect yin/yang balance that Bob,  no less anyone else, was ever able to reach again. It's a beautifully  frozen moment in time that can be relived again and again- and  should.<br />One of the most important reggae lps ever made, and one of my top  50 lps of any genre, any time period, and one I always seem to go back to  for inspiration, &quot;Natty Dread&quot; is simply incomperable.
6300213803|5.0|This is one of the all time best sc fi and the best Trek film of all.All  of are favorite classic trek Heroes return and while on a training cruise.  Encounter their old enemy Khan whom Kirk marooned 15 years before.This one  has it all space battles galore. We learn kirk has a son and Spock dies a  must see for all true Trek fans
6305426651|5.0|This has got to be the greatest movie of the 20th Century.  From comedy to  drama, from romance to suspense, this movie presents all the elements that  are exppected in the movies.  Seeing life in Italy before the  &quot;War&quot; to the effects and horrors of the Holocaust, one can really  sympathize with the message of the movie.  Philosophically it presents an  abundance of elements; theologically, even more.  Anyone, from within any  age group can come to terms with what happened.  And even more it presents  an objective view of the life lived.  I prefer the Italian with the English  subtitled over the dubbed English.  Not only does it help expand one's  horizons but it helps to set the tone for the movie.
B00004UEIH|5.0|Thelonious Monk, pioneer of the bop genre, and John Coltrane, pioneer of  spirituality and saxophone fluency.  Together.<br />Complex harmonies are all  over this piece.  The trademark jubilance of Monk's style, fused with the  intensity of John Coltrane makes for a top notch date.<br />Classic Monk  pieces such as &quot;Trinkle, Tinkle,&quot; &quot;Ruby My Dear&quot; and  &quot;Epistrophy,&quot; among other standards, are given a serious dose of  Trane's mad solos, adding a element of ferocity to Monk's lighthearted  compositions.  Fascinating.<br />Coltrane has since relayed the importance of  this short stint with Monk at the Five Spot.  He claimed he learned more in  a few months with Monk than his years with Miles Davis.<br />Masterful
B000001FY5|4.0|&quot;Exodus&quot; is one of those albums that is difficult to be  impartial, no less critical, towards due to the intense feelings towards  it. Most Marley fans will argue that this is the ONE album of his to get. I  would have to disagree and do so at my job in a music store all the  time...<br />I fully agree that this is one of Bob's crowning  achievements-&quot;Natural Mystic,&quot; &quot;Jamming&quot; and &quot;One  Love/People Get Ready&quot; are among the strongest songs in Marley's  canon, but the lp is not the end all be all of Marley's works, no less  reggae itself. <br />For my money, if I HAD to choose one Marley lp, it would  be &quot;Catch a Fire&quot; with Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer, a truly  monumental lp from start to finish..If I HAD to choose 2, I would include  Bob's &quot;Natty Dread&quot; with &quot;Catch a Fire.&quot; I would then  choose &quot;Burnin'&quot; and then probably &quot;Exodus.&quot;<br />The  beauty is that we don't have to choose any one Marley lp to be the ONE.  They are ALL part of the Great ONE. I love &quot;Exodus&quot;- always have-  but people who pigeonhole it as the ONE are missing the beauty of all the  others.<br />Choose all, or choose none..either way,, enjoy all of the albums,  including &quot;Exodus,&quot; one of Marley's crowning acheievements.
B000002UAX|5.0|This is one of the most stylistically diverse, and intelligently written  rock albums of all time.<br />Recorded at a time when the Beatles were not  exactly happy with one another, this album shines through all of that mess,  delivering some of the best loved songs of the 20th century.<br />Running the  gamut from country to proto-metal, this album is not a flowing concept  album with an underlying meaning, but a soulful collection of songs, with a  folky, simple delivery.<br />But, most of these songs are anything but simple.  &quot;Back In the USSR,&quot; Obla Di Obla Da,&quot; and  &quot;Revolution&quot; are undeniable classics, but are not the final  intrigue of the album.<br />Lennon's ballad &quot;Julia&quot; is an outpouring  of grief and love for his mother.<br />&quot;Blackbird&quot; is a haunting  ballad, and supposedly has hidden backwards &quot;paul is dead&quot;  suggestions.<br />&quot;Helter Skelter&quot; is the first heavy metal song  recorded, using the metaphor of a roller coaster to illustrate a druggy  scenario.<br />&quot;Don't Pass Me By&quot; is a lighthearted country tune by  Ringo.<br />&quot;Honey Pie&quot; is a charming tune of McCartney's adoration  for Linda.<br />&quot;Piggies&quot; is a clever Harrison protest song.<br />Each  song is brilliant, but one, &quot;The Continuing Story Of Bungalo  Bill&quot; is sub par only due to the screetching voice of Yoko.<br />My  favorite Beatles album, along with MMT.
0312084986|5.0|I am a student of veterinary medicine in soouth asian cooountry called  nepal.NEVER HAD I READ A BOOK LIKE THAT.
0380002930|5.0|Wow, what a great read!! I heard about this book many years ago but never  got around to read it, not really interested in a story about rabbits. Was  I wrong!!! I finally bought it and have enjoyed it inmensely, it is  definitely one of the best I've read this year. It starts off a bit slowly,  but the story soon picks up pace as the adventures of Hazel, Bigwig and the  rest start to unfold. This is more than an adventure story, not only it is  exciting, but the author manages to convey a certain depth to the story and  to the characters. He pulls this off nicely by sprinkling the book here and  there with stories and legends about mythological rabbits. I particularly  liked the part when one of the rabbits is telling a story and sudddenly he  stops, because a fox was coming. I found it very realistic.<br />In our  current world dominated by computers, traffic and money, it was really  refreshing to read this story about a bunch of rabbits who simply want to  find a place to live. This book should certainly appeal to everyone. Enjoy!
B000000JO3|5.0|For all you sXe's out there I am sure you own this.  Is Ian really  straight edge?  This is a knock down great compliation of the former  threat.  If you indeed don't own it yet you silly rabbit go out and get it.   Much more a fugazi fan I am but this was good for the its time and up  trough today.  I gave it 5 stars didn't I?
B000002J1U|5.0|&quot;Zeppelin Rules!!&quot;
6304140711|5.0|please i need your help.  i have looked everywhere all over america.  having people look for me in stores that sell old cds and looked all over  the net.  i NEED to find the soundtrack for this moive.  the net never  understands when i type it in i want just &quot;fear&quot; not &quot;the  fear&quot;  please i'm desperate. will pay anything for it. i'm 20 yearsa  old and looking for it since they stopped making it.
B00000JCB2|5.0|In the world of Britney Spears there are some bands worth listening to.  I  was totally unimpressed with Limp initially because of the heavy air play  of &quot;Faith&quot;.  Luckily I friend turned me on to giving Limp a  second chance.  I was very pleased to find that Limp had a good sound.  The  fusion of rap and metal is done justice.  I thought that this genre had  been done to death, but the sound is just too damn tight to deny.  The  technical aspect of Limp is prestine and Fred Durnst can rap with the best  of them.  Where &quot;3 Dollar Bill Yall&quot; was a good launching pad,  &quot;Significant Other&quot; excells. It took me a long time to come  around, but I'm glad I did.  If you like Rage Against the Machine, Beastie  Boys or Public Enemy you will absolutely dig this ablum.  Keep an open mind  and enjoy.
0060920084|5.0|My daughter and I were in a bookstore a few years ago and the saleslady  said she had just read this book.  I think it's hilarious. I sent Mr.  Bryson a letter in care of the publishing company and got a nice letter  from England from him several months later - he said it probably came to  him via &quot;snail mail&quot;- my daughter and I each have copies of most  of his books. I haven't read the newest about Australia but I'm sure I'll  add it to my collection.  I understand he is now living back in the U.S.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I have listened to this album many many times, and every time at various  points, every hair on my body stands on end. No other album of popular  music (and very few albums of any type of music) does that to me. The  beauty of this music is overwhelming and awe inspiring; And to top it all,  it sounds as if it was recorded yesterday.  I noticed some reviewers give  this album bad reviews, and then proceed to explain why the Beatles are  great. I think such comparison is pointless, both of these bands produced  masterpieces, and their work is unsurpassed to this day. But in defense of  The Beach Boys, I must state that such comparisons are like comparing  apples and oranges. These bands were working with different  &quot;canvases&quot;. Let me explain, The Beatles made music for the  &quot;Mind and Body&quot;, but The Beach Boys made music for the  &quot;Heart and Soul&quot;. The Beatles were masters of songwriting, their  songs had great hooks, intelligent lyrics, good musicianship; you could  analyze their songs, interpret the meaning of their lyrics; Lyrics and  storytelling songwriting (not surprising since they began in the skiffle  traditon and were later in their career influenced greatly by Bob Dylan)  took center stage in their music.   The music of The Beach Boys, on the  other hand, you just &quot;FEEL&quot; it! it strikes you immediately upon  listening (and repeated listening do not dimished the impact). The music  they produced at their peak is moving(The Beatles wrote great songs, but  nothing they wrote is moving or as moving as the songs in Pet Sounds). When  you listen to the Beach Boys you get lost in the music, the music is not  about some clever story or immaginary characters; it is about yourself, the  listener,because it grabs you and speaks directly to you.   Lastly, I want  to say, if you don't have this album, GET IT! (and the first time listen to  it from start to finish). This music is good for the soul!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|This movie is really a breath of fresh air if you are tired of boring, formulaic horror movies.  It also kicked off a series of great films, and  if you like this you should really try out Evil Dead 2 and Army of  Darkness, both of which have some of the most memorable one-liners in movie  history.  BTW, this movie isn't really rated NC-17 by the MPAA.  It isn't  rated at all.  There was a movie called Evil Dead in 1994 that was NC-17  and I think that they just got them confused.
B00004TDTO|1.0|Jaws is one of my favorite movies . I regret purchasing this DVD movie  addition. The movie is not complete as I saw it originally at the movies  and also on TV years ago. The deleted scenes are in the original full lenth  movie. Why call this a collectors addition and take out the original scenes  and then say they are bonus materials.This is a edited movie version and  not the original. This is not a collectors addition. Just a big  disappointment.
6302468027|5.0|I've heard this movie referred to as a chick movie, but that is very much  NOT THE CASE.  It IS a very touching, intricate story from the past woven  around another story in the present.  The two stories have one major thing  in common--friendship.  This was adapted from Fannie Flagg's excellent  novel and the actors, producers and writers all did a fantastic job  bringing it on to the big screen.  This is one of the best movies to come  out in recent years.  Highly recommended.
B00004NRWH|4.0|I just got this for my birthday, and I must say I am quite pleased.  This  is indeed a very good, hard-rock type album.  It makes for a decent listen,  all the way through.  I'd say my favorite would have to be  &quot;Breathe&quot;, very Bush-like, but better than most of what Bush has  been putting out recently.  The only complaints I can think of are that the  guitars are a bit too distorted, I hate that, even when Hendrix did it, and  &quot;Breathe&quot; should come later in the album since it's (in my  opinion) the best song.  You don't want to whip the best one out too soon.  Also, the acoustic version of &quot;Leader of Men&quot; really isn't  necessary, it barely sounds different (and why did they put the lyrics in  there twice?), but oh well, it's a good song.  Yep, if you like good heavy  music in a similar vein as Bush (the new stuff, not the old), you will  enjoy this album.  I also recommend the Tragically Hip.  They don't rock  quite as hard as Nickelback, but they have pretty much the same sound.  Peace, music fans!
6303402348|4.0|The key to your liking this movie will be if you can accept Tom Hanks as a  slow-witted guy (who happens to have an incredible number of things fall  his way.)  He rolls through the decades and manages to become part of a  great many historical events.  The Vietnam conflict, Watergate, meeting  Elvis before he becomes famous...  If you get into the spirit of which this  movie was intended you'll enjoy it immensely.  There are some good laughs,  some tear-jerking moments and some scenes that just make you roll your eyes  and say &quot;Oh, Brother.&quot;  Don't start watching the movie with an  intent on scrutinizing every little thing or you won't enjoy it very much.   I, however, thought is was great.
0671867369|5.0|Military history &quot;buffs&quot; will want to read this book, as well  as, career military personnel!
6301966988|4.0|The first thing that pops into my head when I hear the title of this movie  is Whoopi Goldberg and her great comedic performance as Oda Mae Brown, the  phony spiritualist who's not so phony after all.  As a love story it's  okay, but not anything special.  Demi Moore is adequate in her role, but  Patrick Swayze couldn't put a look of real emotion on his face no matter  how incredibly hard he tries, AND BELIEVE ME, HE TRIES AND TRIES AND TRIES  AND TRIES AND TRIES... well, you get the idea.  Whoopi won a well-deserved  Oscar for this film and she's the one reason to watch it.
0691023565|4.0|Yes, this is a classic. Yes, I refer back to it frequently and always find  something new which informs my teaching. But it is not the first book that  I would recommend to a student (even the highly-selective students at a  certain Norwegian liberal arts college in the upper Midwest) - the language  can be quite difficult to hack through.<br />My favorite thing about this book  is the historical perspective. Many of the ideas Polya puts forth are  similar to those in the NCTM Standards, for example, and as you know there  is far from unanimous support for what some perceive as the latest  incarnation of &quot;new math&quot;. Reading this book, one sees it's not  new math at all. Pappus, one learns, introduced &quot;analysis and  synthesis&quot; (what I might call &quot;working backwards&quot;) as a  follow-up to Euclid's Elements. That was a while ago...<br />Fascinating,  makes me want to know more history so that I can weave it into my classes,  but this book is not for everybody.
6303921248|5.0|This movie is so heart-clenching!  It makes you laugh, cry, and long for a  relationship like that of Ms. Bennett's and Mr. Darcy's.  The actors  perform magnificently and leave nothing to be desired. This movie is  certainly one of the best movies ever made.  Excellent!
6302902010|3.0|I HAVE BEEN HUNTING FOR THE 1959 VERSION FOR MONTHS.PLEASE PUT ME ON THE  WAITNG LIST AS SOON AS ITS AVAILABLE.
6302765536|5.0|I just loved this movie! It was soo funny. I loved how the bad guys got beat up, again.
B00000K19E|5.0|I got this for a friend. He had just gotten a DVD player. (he only had one  DVD at the time so what the heck eh? and it was only Ferris Beuler... not  meant for DVD) So I decided I would just watch it while he was away for  Christmas watch it at his house. I went over and watched it and was  wowed... needless to say. Well anyways... he got back and he only ended up  watching it once. What a bummer... I could have kept it and just watched it  at my friends house. Instead it is on his shelf collecting dust instead of  melting inside his DVD player. Oh well... give these once in a decade  things away only to trusted individuals. I think that this DVD is really  wild. Get it if you are into science fiction, into the Matrix, into weird  stuff, into drugs (sort of a joke, but you never know people), or just  plain owns a DVD player. Get it!
B00003CX6P|1.0|If for some reasons you can't seem to be able to fall a sleep, it's really  simple watch &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley&quot; and you'll be a sleep in  no time, everyone can see it coming only the cast of this movie seems to be  that innocent.... can't believe i've wasted my money on this movie....
B00004W55E|5.0|There are not enough adjectives to describe what this wonderfull artist  has given us don't miss out.  In a world over hype entertainers there is a  gem and her name is Rachelle Ferrell.  This CD is a slice of heaven I will  tell you like I told her as she so graciously autograph my copy. The lady  and her gifts are the chicken soup for my soul!!!
B00003W8NO|5.0|Toy Story to me was one of the greatest 3D animated movies that I've ever seen. Not only that, but I believe it delivered a great message to all the  viewers. Well, at least if they did understand the concept and put it to  work. The movie had a great plot and also a well written quest for all the  characters to go through. The friendship that &quot;Andy&quot; and the toys  had was incredible...that's why I say that it delivered a great message.  Because for one thing, it demonstrated the bond between plastic or stuffed  toy and humankind. The way &quot;Andy&quot; made the toys feel with that  sence of belonging when he wrote his name in permanent ink to keep track  that they were all his. Not just that, but the contrast that the creators  made throughout the whole movie with the bad kid &quot;Sid&quot; and the  wanted by all parents &quot;Andy&quot;. What parent wouldn't want a kid  like that? The creators gave it their all on this movie and they put forth  the best to make us laugh in every scene possible! Like the part where  &quot;Rex&quot;, my favorite, tells the piggybank he came from Mattel. The  fact is, most toys do. From Playschool and even Fisherprice...and that's  just what the creators did, they made the best possible to bring it to real  life. Above all, in my opinion, since the movie did bring back a kid in me  as well as in many other people and adults, the movie brought out that even  if the materialistic made be made from plastic and any other kind of  material, the child and the toy will always have that special bond between  them; the most incredible thing is, they probably always will. I believe we  all should learn a bit from this too. Because in the end we all as humans  later on the future and the futures to come we will all need that sence of  attention and of belonging between each other. We don't want to feel like  what Woody said, &quot;You're only a toy, a toy&quot;. Or do we?
B0000025DD|5.0|This album proves David Gilmour's mastery of the guitar and vocals. It is  a far cry from Waters's solo work, which sacrifices musical quality for  lyrical complexity and flashy effects. Gilmour's solo album, however, has  just the right amount of subtlety and charm to be considered a serious  musical album. Even though it dosn't revolve around a specific concept like  'The Wall' or 'Animals', 'David Gilmour' shows remarkable cohesiveness.  This album is strongly reminiscient of 'Wish You Were Here' in the way it  is put together. Every track has importance, and they're all very good. The  soothing but magnetic 'Mihalis' opens the album, and 'I can't Breathe  Anymore' closes the piece with a guitar power trip. The instrumentals are  great, and every song shows it could stand on its own. 'David Gilmour'  shows immense replay value and wonderful texture. If you think Roger Waters  was the only genius of Pink Floyd, think again.
6305922756|5.0|All Tap fans have to get this DVD!  Even if you have the original tape or  DVD this new release is a must have.  First off there are more extras and  special features on this DVD then any I have ever seen!  In additon, there  is a whole commentary feature option for the movie.  This means you can  watch the movie and switch to the commentary audio where the band talks  about what is happening when the movie is playing.  This feature alone  makes this a must have.  Lastly, all Tap fans will love the opening scene  of the DVD before the features appear.   VERY FUNNY!
0783228317|3.0|...and I'm serious about that.  The visuals are great, Johnny Depp is  terrific, but you have to be ready for an entire movie about a series of  drug trips, quite a few of them bad.  If that kind of thing amuses you,  watch this movie!  If you don't care to see the nastiness that goes on in  the &quot;drug life,&quot; DON'T watch this movie!  This is a movie for  adults only.
B00000JQFM|5.0|I challenge anyone to release a more accessible instrumental rock album  than Joe Satriani's &quot;Surfing With the Alien.&quot; I don't play guitar  myself, but that is hardly an impediment to enjoying his music...and that's  probably the best thing about Joe -- you don't need to be a musician  yourself to love his songs.<br />Surfing With the Alien was Joe's first  successful record, and after listening to it just once you'll understand  why. Joe eschews needless self-indulgence like most 'guitar heroes' and  just plays rocking songs with interesting melodies. My favorite songs are  &quot;Crushing Day&quot; -- an exhilarating song with mind-bending solos  and some good hooks -- and &quot;Echo&quot; -- a great track that flows  naturally and beautifully. Every other song here is excellent, from the  epic and orchestral-sounding &quot;Hill of the Skull&quot; to the pretty  ballad &quot;Always With Me; Always With You.&quot;<br />I highly recommend  this album to guitar players and rock fans alike.
B00003CWTI|2.0|I was really surprised to see that I am one of the few people who did not  like this movie. Although the actors did a very good job I think that  &quot;Magnolia&quot; is way to long and hence gets pretty boring after a  while. The story isn't very special either and the whole plot is way too  dramatic at times even ridiculous. After watching Magnolia I felt that I  just wasted 3 hours of my life...
B000002P48|5.0|I enjoy listening to this CD.  Many of the songs are still played on the  radio and rightfully so.  Lynard Skynard characterizes the best of American  Southern Rock music.  Straight ahead, high energy guitars, and songs about  the Southland.  If you are interested in Southern Rock from the early  seventies or in high energy music that sounds good, I cannot think of a  better album.
0380713802|1.0|Unfortunately this book is not funny. It is not even entertaining. And it  is not a travel book at all.  It is a contribution to intolerance and  prejudice.<br />I wonder how can be one so superficial, narrow-minded and  intolerant!  Bill Bryson should think about the difference between a  traveller and a tourist. Why do people travel? Probably because they want  to experience new cultures and the best way to do it is doing it in an  open-minded and sensitive way. <br />But BB did not. He seemed to hunt for  negative things only in the most prejudicing way. And he was on a hunt  through Europe! Travelling is about SPENDING TIME instead of rushing from  one place to another. Travelling is also about TALKING TO PEOPLE instead of  reading books in restaurants and other places.<br />I hope that Americans  visiting Europe are not biased by this intolerant point of view and  hopefully enjoy the diversity of Europe.<br />I also hope that BB stays at  home in the future instead of throwing 'Travel books' on the market (isn't  there a recent one about Australia - well-timed to the Olympics?)
0553284347|5.0|I bought this book about a month ago.  This book has validated most of my  feelings about my childhood!!  I confronted my father years ago, and about  a year ago confronted my mother for being the &quot;silent partner&quot;.    My family has all turned on me, except for one sister (out of five), for  upsetting the &quot;family balance&quot;. I didn't know there was such a  book out there, but am glad I found this book, Toxic Parents.  It has  helped me understand why my sisters turned on me, and has helped me in my  constant feelings of guilt and blame, by validating them.  I enjoyed this  book, and passed it on to my sister, and bought one for my sister-in-law.   I plan to re-read it when my sister gets done, to help me in the  confrontation part, since I didn't confront my mother in a mature way.   Victims of emotional and physical abuse need to have closures in their  lives to grow!!!!!
0380713802|1.0|Unfortunately this book is not funny. It is not even entertaining. And it  is not a travel book at all.  It is a contribution to intolerance and  prejudice.<br />I wonder how can be one so superficial, narrow-minded and  intolerant!  Bill Bryson should think about the difference between a  traveller and a tourist. Why do people travel? Probably because they want  to experience new cultures and the best way to do it is doing it in an  open-minded and sensitive way. <br />But BB did not. He seemed to hunt for  negative things only in the most prejudicing way. And he was on a hunt  through Europe! Travelling is about SPENDING TIME instead of rushing from  one place to another. Travelling is also about TALKING TO PEOPLE instead of  reading books in restaurants and other places.<br />I hope that Americans  visiting Europe are not biased by this intolerant point of view and  hopefully enjoy the diversity of Europe.<br />I also hope that BB stays at  home in the future instead of throwing 'Travel books' on the market (isn't  there a recent one about Australia - well-timed to the Olympics?)
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie works on so many levels it's difficult to know where to start.   The battle scenes get a lot of attention even though they are a relatively  small part of the film.  Yet, they are incredibly powerful.  Graphic yes,  but not excessively so.  Gibson the director shows us uncompromisingly how  ugly and horrifying war is so that we understand the sacrifices and risks  the heroes undertake.  At the same time, we see the heroism that war brings  out in good men and the glory they can achieve.  This may be the only film  I've ever seen that balances the two so perfectly.  Films like Platoon tell  you war is ugly and bad, while many older war movies show war in an almost  reverant light.<br />At its heart, though, this is a movie about a man, not a  war.  William Wallace and others come across as complex, interesting people  that we care about.  Wallace's pursuit of a quiet life as a farmer who  wants to marry his childhood love is no less interesting than his attempt  to free Scotland.  Even the villains are compelling (if unlikable)  characters.  The king of England, Edward &quot;of the long shanks,&quot; is  particularly despicable yet the viewer can still relate to his struggle to  make his son something more than a useless fop.  This type of depth ensures  that the people in this movie seem exceptionally real and vivid.<br />Despite  its length this movie doesn't feel long in any way.  It engages you almost  instantly and unfolds beautifully at a pace that varies but never drags.   The acting, script, direction, cinematography, and soundtrack all combine  seamlessly to provide a true masterpiece.
B000002UCN|3.0|My biggest complaint about this album has always been the inclusion of  Beatles songs.  I would have to assume that most people interested in  George's solo work would already be familiar with, and would already OWN  classic Beatles songs such as &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes  the Sun&quot;.  The inclusion of these songs seems redundant and  unnecessary to me.  However if you don't happen to own these Beatles  tracks, needless to say they are must-haves. <br />Still, George had plenty of  enjoyable solo material by 1976 that could have made it onto this  collection instead.  The stuff that is included is great, but there could  have been more.  The disc's most redeeming quality is the presence of  &quot;Bangla Desh&quot;, George's 1971 single that never appeared on an  album before this one.  You won't find the studio version on any other CD.   Some day I'm sure there will be a more comprehensive collection of George's  Apple material, but until then this is all that's out there.
B00004UEE5|4.0|A first rate performance, musicaly, technicaly and visualy It  only would  be better on Digital DTS Surround!!!!!!!!
B00004YYDI|5.0|This DVD is purely awesome.  I loved the movie in its original US version, and the DVD helped tie a few loose knots.  Now that I've seen it this way,  I wish they had originally kept in the missing minutes in the US version.
B000000993|5.0|People say that TOOL is the next Pink Floyd well I think that Pink Floyd  was the previous TOOL.  Anyways this review is on Undertow.  Undertow is a  perfect example of art-rock at its ultimate best.  Released during the same  year as Opiate I believe that Undertow is another step up the TOOL ladder  that gets more ingenius as it goes on.  With their extremely radio  unfriendly lyrics and music it's amazing people know of them today but  fortunately they've been recognized for what they do and not what they  don't do i.e. Limp Bizkit.  This album requires a deep listening to and not  a listen to in the car while driving 60 mph and maybe you will begin to  grasp the creativity of TOOL which would be true for all of their albums.   The cynical lyrics of Opiate seemed to have been pushed aside for some  really really deep lyrics that obviously couldn't be held in anymore by  Maynard.  But it's not the lyrics that's important its the music.  It's an  unbelievable album if you do not have this album or their other two than  you are not alive and you might as well continue watching trl.  But I don't  think you would be reading TOOL reviews if you're a trl fan so atleast  you're on the right track.  peace.
0425152251|4.0|As the title &quot;Sophie's World : A Novel About the History of  Philosophy&quot; says, this sure is a novel about the history of  philosophy. Jostein Gaarder did a reasonable good job in holding the  reader's attention through the philosophical lessons using a very novel  plot (it is not very difficult for the history of philosophy to be dry.) I  developed a very keen interest in philosophy recently but I never had a  formal education in philosophy. This book was like a text book in  philosophy for me. I think this is a must read for every novice philosopher  (might still be a good read for others too)
0790733226|3.0|How many films do you see that compel you to debate its meaning for hours  afterwards? &quot;Contact&quot; moves me emotionally, spiritually and  intellectually every time I see it.<br />On the surface, the story is an  exciting tale of alien contact and the wonderous vastness of space. A  visually intense film, it is complemented by a passionate performance by  Jodie Foster, and despite those who don't hold McConaughey's acting ability  highly, Matthew delivers powerfully.<br />To me, the film brings a compelling  comparison of science and religion, emphasizing the importance of faith for  both ambitions.  Others feel the film contrasts science and religion, with  the former based on probabilities and the latter on faith. Whatever you  take from this film, it is guaranteed to occupy your thoughts well after  the credits roll.<br />I would have given this film 5 stars except for one  unneccesary and detracting scene. I will try not to reveal too much in  detail, but the hackneyed inclusion of government conspiracy downplays, or  rather eliminates, the audiences' need to share the same &quot;faith&quot;  as Palmer (McConaughey) and the population (in the movie). This scene  continues to irritate me and I believe sells us, the audience, short in our  ability to handle an inconclusive ending.<br />Despite this distraction, I  still hold this film as one of my favorites.
0553573403|5.0|While Martin's two released books share many elements with earlier fantasy  epics, one element stands out:  There are no real heroes, just as there are  no real villians.  The characters that the reader empathizes with tend to  say more about the _reader_ than the book itself.  More importantly, so far  Martin has only lightly engaged in the practice that eventually ruins so  many other good fantasy epics:  turning main characters into Gods.  I do  not necessarily mean this literally, although that can be the case, but the  very nature of the Hero's Struggle seems to require an ever-increasing  series of hurdles, each growing more intimidating and bizarre, in order to  hold the reader's interest.  One clear example is Eddings' Sparhawk  character, introduced in 'The Diamond Throne'.  Initially a slowly-aging  knight returned from abroad to save his queen, four books later Sparhawk is  running around with a half-dozen Gods, and using equipment that could  easily allow him to destroy the planet itself.  Yawn.  Contrast, for  example, The Lord of the Rings, where the heroes are lowly Hobbits who  desire only to (and eventually do) return to their humble native lands,  with The Wheel of Time series, where within two and a half books every  single original character is some sort of super-diety flitting around  through time and space at the drop of a hat.  Ironically, in attempting to  keep readers interested, writers end up creating characters that are  extremely difficult to identify with (unless you're megalomaniacal). By  spreading the weight of the storyline onto the shoulders of many, many  characters, each interesting in their own right, Martin has for the time  being avoided this classic series death-trap.  While one can read the seeds  of ultimate power and glory into any of the characters via the adroitly  placed hints (suspiciously magical sword, pet dragons, powers of shadow),  only one thing is consistent in Martin's books:  calamity befalls everyone.   On one page a favored character could appear to be finally clawing their  way out of their horrific circumstance, only to fall even farther a turn of  the page later.  It makes for a wonderful rollercoaster of a series, and  leaves any possible resolutions either up in the air, or entirely as  speculation.  Where other series' set forth the hero and simply ask  &quot;How will he/she succeed&quot;, Martin sets forth a dozen potential  &quot;heroes&quot;, and asks &quot;Will any of them succeed?&quot;.  It's  the question we want answered, and that's why we keep coming back.
B00003Q438|5.0|For those of you who loved this movie despite the corny, rather confusing  ending or those who just couldn't get past the ending, the special edition  finally brings justice to a fantastic film.<br />The special edition includes  28 minutes sliced from the theatrical version to keep the movie within a  Studio accepted length. A significant portion of the additional footage  comes towards the end. It explains the motivations of the NTIs  (non-terrestrial intelligence), creating a much more powerful finale to the  film.<br />In addition to the special edition film, the two discs takes full  advantage of the wonders of DVD technology. A fascinating documentary takes  the viewer through the extraordinary trials and tribulations encountered in  the making of the film. I truly was amazed by the dedication of Cameron,  the crew, and the actors to bring this film to life. Furthermore, a wealth  of information is provided in storyboards, pictures, etc that would make  any film student drool.<br />I own &quot;The Abyss&quot; on VHS and it pales  in comparison to the DVD version. I only wish all my favorite films on DVD  contained the thrilling additions this one does.
6304913176|1.0|.....but I'll try my best.<br />Allow me to preface my comments by making it  clear that I LOVED the book.  It was great, I recommend it highly.<br />Now,  to commence with the demolition.<br />&quot;Why?&quot; is the question that  popped into my head most often while watching this movie.  &quot;Why did  they combine the characters of Lt. Razcak and Rico's teacher?&quot;  &quot;Why did they make the power suits much less powerful than they were  in the book?&quot;  &quot;Why were the skinnies (another alien race from  the book, separate from both bugs and humans) totally absent?&quot;  &quot;Why was the training camp much less gritty and spartan than it was in  the book?&quot;  &quot;Why was the political commentary on Earth society  missing entirely?&quot;<br />This movie might be worth watching on a  &quot;USA: Up All Night&quot; camp-fest, but not for anything other than  that.  The book never should have been made into a 2-hour action movie.  Even a wonderful talent like Paul Veerhoven (I still love &quot;Total  Recall,&quot;) couldn't do anything with the story in that short an amount  of time.  There's simply too much stuff in the book to cut it down to  feature-length.  It should have been a mini-series (or maybe even a full  series) on the Sci-Fi Channel in order for it to be accurrately portrayed.  Watch the syndicated cartoon &quot;Roughnecks: Starship Troopers  Chronicles,&quot; but don't get withing 5 feet of this dung heap.
B000005ALP|5.0|Beautiful Freak is the album that reminds us all what it is like to be an  outcast; someone who doesn't quite fit it, and what the rest of us are  missing out on by shunning that person away.  My favorite track on this CD  is the sarcasticly creepy Your Lucky Day in Hell.  &quot;And no one will  know my name until it's on a stone&quot; just echoed in my head for days  after I first listened to this track.  Flower is also a personal favorite,  because like all of the songs on this CD, I get a clear mental picture of  something standing alone because it is different.  It is both creepy and  enchanting at the same time.  Take a look at the CD cover if you don't know  what I mean.
B00000J2KR|5.0|How is possible to say that this movie is boring? Who says this expects  from a movie to have an easy argument, that is, to be only an understanding  story. But this movie doesn't need a plot, Stanley Kubrick makes the most  of cinema possibilities to create genuine art; the best music and  plasticity together, for example the scene where Barry and lady Lindon  'meet' around the table, the best cinema scene by far I have seen. But, at  the same time, this movie shows fellings and manners: love, pride, power  relationships, just in the best way in accordance with the period related.  I think this is what there is to understand watching this movie. What's  Hamlet's plot? Hamlet himself.
B000002NJS|5.0|I've had this album for over a year and still love its various tracks. It  was also one of my most popular Christmas gifts. It is a great album for  driving for as background music for a vigorous yoga practice and, like all  good music, it is great in  the kitchen.<br />It has a wonferful version of  the Yoga Ashtanga chant (Shanti/Ahtangi). It also has some tracks that  reflect Madonna 's(and most of her generations) life experiences.<br />I  havent really been drawn to anything previous by Madonna so I was really  surprised to be so passionate about &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. The songs  seem to resonate with each daily challenge: &quot;Frozen&quot; and  &quot;The Power of Good-Bye&quot; were especially relevant with some more  challenging relatinships.<br />I found &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and Carlos  Santanna's &quot;Turn your lights on&quot; to be insightful and very  complementary and inspirational.<br />Madonna also includes a very sweet  lullaby to her daughter that will soothe anyone listening.
B00004XMTH|1.0|The &quot;extras&quot; were NOTHING more than another video tape with  &quot;The Making of Cats&quot; on it.  If you already own the regular DVD  (same &quot;extras&quot; are on it), or if you got a chance to record it on  tv (for free), provided your local PBS affiliate aired it when they  originally aired the Cats video, then this thing is useless.  I found it to  be a complete waste of money.
6305280762|1.0|I had never seen THE TOWERING INFERNO, and while I knew it didn't have a  very high reputation, I thought I'd give it a try. After all, quite apart  from several very good actors, the film boasts a first rate cinematographer  (Fred Koenekamp) whose work I've previously admired. The director, John  Guillermin, has made some interesting big budget films. At his best (in  something like THE BLUE MAX), he is capable of elegance and sophistication.  Producer Irwin Allen is a no talent, but his presence didn't prevent THE  POSEIDON ADVENTURE from entertaining in a dumb-dumb, bad movie way, and I  had similar low hopes for this film.<br />Forget it. The movie is every bit as  shoddy as its reputation suggests, proving that sometimes even received  wisdom can be right. The story's moral lesson that cheap construction can  have disastrous consequences was apparently lost on Allen, who should, I  think, be held chiefly responsible for this amazingly clunky bit of  filmmaking. Or perhaps, given that a lot was, in fact, spent on the movie  (not one, but two studios pooled their resources to complete this epic)  INFERNO should be seen as an object lesson in how to get less than what you  paid for. <br />Virtually every shot seems haphazard; the performers are, to  say the least, wasted; the lighting makes every interior look like the set  of a sitcom; even the graphic design testifies to the small minded  mentality of the production. This may be an expensive, widescreen movie,  but it feels like bad television, thoroughly puny in ambition, completely  lacking imagination. It's too grindingly mediocre to entertain as Camp and  you can't even call it \\"old-fashioned.\\" Witless stolidity has never been in  fashion.<br />I entertained myself inventing new dialogue for it. So when the  fat wife of the mayor, who is still stuck at the top of the burning  building, asks Faye Dunaway to tell him that she loves him before being  carted off to the hospital, I imagined Dunaway replying \\"I'msure he'll  take great comfort in that, dear.\\" Or, at the end, when architect Paul  Newman turns to heroic fireman Steve McQueen to apologize, I thought  something like this would be appropriate: Newman: \\"I don't know what to  say.\\" McQueen: \\"Skip it. Besides, what we had to go through is nothing  compared to what you face.\\" Newman (confused):  \\"What do you mean?\\"  McQueen: \\"The lawyers.\\" Smiles, turns away, FADE OUT<br />We should be so  lucky.
0345308239|4.0|In the &quot;March of Folly&quot;, historian Barbara Tuchman surveys four  episodes in history - disparate in culture, chronlogy and geography but  otherwise united in folly by the ruling leadership.  Tuchman defines folly  as the pursuit policy contraryr to self-interest.  Self-interest is not to  be confused with selfihsness, can be understood as the course that gives  those who follow it the greatest benefit, whether the benefit is perceived  as such.  The Trojans fail to heed the warning of Greeks bearing gifts; The  renaissance papacy provokes a protest; the British lose America and America  loses Vietnam.  In each of Tuchman's episodes, man's leadership not only  trails his advances in science and the arts, but is actually inverse in  relation.  Tuchman's prose is always crisp and inviting and her analysis  rarely lacks any power.  Unfortunately, her thesis is not flawless - folly  is meant to represent self-inflicted harm by government policy.  This is  meant to be uncomplicated by moral decisions which, given the actors  involved, is not to be expected.  Governments are expected to act in ways  that benefit themselves.  Nevertheless, self-interest is not selfishness,  which, when coupled with greed or blind ambition, does more harm than  benefit.  (Often, a government's self-interest is to act morally, not based  on any innate good, but merely because this legitmizes its rule over the  people who prefer to see themselves on a moral high-ground.)  The problem  lies in Tuchman's equating any lack of good government with active  self-harming policy, even the two shouldn't share an equal footing.   Active, if ill-informed policy-making mires America in Vietnam, while the  Trojans all but knock down their walls to make way for that Greek horse.   On the flip side, British policy in the colonies seems clumsy, indicating  that those for or against the colonies were incapable of formulating a  cogent policy - the bane of a purely parliamentary system.  Most  lamentable, but also the most absorbing, is the case of the renaissance  popes.  Being at once the product of the college of cardinals and also the  architect of its new generation, the renassance popes can do no more than  prolong a corrupted system that bestowed upon them the papal tiara.  Of the  six popes cited, three actively pursue policy - while the remaining can do  no more than continually tax christendom (especially the disunited German  states), pursue confused alliances, arrange for lavish parties and deplete  papal reserves.  Under Tuchman's definition, self-harming policy is too  inclusive of leadership incapable of forming policy.  The corruption that  bred the renaissance papacy was clearly endemic to the church of that era -  with greed and manipulation of religion hardly limited to the seat of St.  Peter - so it's hard to fault the popes.  Tuchman clearly understands when  recounting the reproach given to the future Leo X, that, were the Cardinals  better men, they'd elect better popes, and all men would be better for it.   Unfortunately, as Tuchman notes, the Renaissance Cardinals could not be  better men because they were chosen by the poor popes to begin with, while  the Popes are stymied by the fact that they were chosen by an earlier  generation of imperfect cardinals.  How Rome broke this cycle, vindicating  Tuchman by proving the papacy capable of doing so, gets too little shrift.   In fact, the renaissance papacy, while corrupt, was also remarkably  tolerant, and the reformation that it bred held dire consequences in terms  of war and religious persecution of the Jews, every bit as painful as the  machivellian schemeing of the pre-protestant papacy.  It's all  exasperating, heart-breaking and entertaining, but one wonders whether  these episodes should have gotten their own book.
0312853238|1.0|Hey I know that there are THOUSANDS of reviews out there but I just had to  sy hat this was my most FAV. Book i have ever read. I would recommend it to  ANYONE(cept my english teacher he hates good book) im about to buy then  enders shadow book and read it... I loved this book i was hooked from page  1 - 2?? whatever it was...i hate reading but i LOVED this one... i normally  take weeks(even months to read a book) but i read this one in 3 days. Well  cyall....
B00000J7J4|5.0|With Carlos Santana's very first number one album, he has gathered some of  the greatest talents in music, both contemporary and experienced. Everyone  has heard the single &quot;Smooth&quot; written and sung by the highly  gifted singer and songwriter, Matchbox 20 (Twenty) frontman Rob Thomas,  with the master, Senor Santana on lead guitar .  Another terrific musical  piece is one of the lesser known, yet, in my opinion, one of the better  written singles &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; featuring the deep-toned yet  highly emotional voice of the guitar playing crooner known as Everlast  conveys some of the strongest feelings of hope, peace, love, and light  possible through the music.  Also appearing for a guitar duet with the  great Santana is the equally great and almost divinely inspirated and  guided Eric Clapton, who willingly accepts the daunting task of going head  to head with one of the best in the world, making for a delightful faceoff  of dieties.  Moving away from the American influences, Dave Matthews also  brings in some Canadian worksmanship as he co-writes and performs the half  ballad, the mellodic &quot;Love of My Life&quot;.  Looking for some of the  hip-hop crowd, Santana also welcomes multi grammy award-winning hip-hop,  R&amp;B, and rap artist Lauren Hill to, along with rapper Cee-Lo, share  with the world a spiritually motivated rap &quot;Do You Like the Way&quot;.   Wyclef Jean also appears under the hip-hop category producing and writing  (although not performing) the smash hit &quot;Maria, Maria&quot; which  contains a great baseline, some awe inspiring guitaring, and moving lyrics.   Also appearing on the album are Mana, who added to the Latin sound, and  Eagle-Eye Cherry, who with their hit song &quot;Save Tonight&quot; also  bolstered Santana's expansive fanbase.  These artists, although all writing  along a generally hispanic theme, bring a diversity which draws fans of  other artists and accounts for newly acquired fan support which pushed this  album to that number one status.           Overall, this is one of, if not  the greatest album Santana has created to date.  Beware, however, for if  you are simply buying this album because you enjoy one of the artists  making a camio or you just like the song &quot;Smooth&quot;, you may be  sorely disappointed to find that unless you are also a fan of Santana's  works or of spanish music, you will not be satisfactorily pleased with the  overall Latin feel to this album.  Santana walks the fine line between a  soundtrack with various artists and displaying talent from around the  globe, striking a fine balance with his own sound and material while  equally emphasizing on the gifts of others.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley had a trump card in his pocket.It was called  honesty.Everything included in &quot;Grace&quot; came from the heart,nobody  can doubt that.And on final analysis,there's no greater achievement for a  musician than that,am i right?.There are songs in here that leave you  shivering and speachless with their passion  and inner-power.Like the  majestic &quot;Last Goodbye&quot;,the haunting &quot;So Real&quot; or the  traumatised &quot;Mojo Pin&quot;.There's a raw magic in this man's work.In  top of all that there's that voice ,that beautifull expressive voice which  is by far the best male one i ever heard.For me &quot;Grace&quot; is a  touch of heaven.Never has a debut sounded so genuin!
B000002UD0|5.0|&#34;Walls and Bridges&#34; (1974) captures the essence of John Lennon  better than any of his solo efforts, with the exception of  &#34;Imagine.&#34; The harshness of &#34;Plastic Ono Band&#34; still  can be found in memorable tracks such as &#34;Steel and Glass&#34; and  &#34;Nobody Loves You When You're Down and Out&#34; — two of Lennon's  most underrated songs. The CD also features the hit singles &#34;Whatever  Gets You Through the Night&#34; and &#34;#9 Dream,&#34; which showcase  Lennon's mastery of popular-music composition. Other surprises include  John's collaboration with Harry Nilsson, &#34;Old Dirt Road,&#34; and a  funky instrumental titled &#34;Beef Jerky.&#34; For years, music critics  have considered &#34;Walls and Bridges&#34; a water-treading work from an  artist in decline. Nothing could be further from the truth. Unlike  &#34;Mind Games&#34; and &#34;Double Fantasy,&#34; this integral Lennon  recording has stood the test of time.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is Radioheads best album so far. Every song in it is great. Thom  Yorks' lyrics and vocals fit perfectly with the melodic rythm of the music.
0375501851|5.0|I just finished &quot;White Teeth&quot; this weekend and I absolutely  loved it.  The character development was amazing and the way the lives of  these characters merged and intermingled was intriguing and comical and sad  and just perfect. I can't say enough good things about Zadie Smith's first  novel and I can't wait until her next novel.  Enjoy!
B000002TQV|5.0|This is Radioheads best album so far. Every song in it is great. Thom  Yorks' lyrics and vocals fit perfectly with the melodic rythm of the music.
B000002HAF|5.0|Okay.  So.  I feel no need to write an extensive review analyzing why this  album is so great.  For music this pure, a lengthy review would diminish  the experience.  This album is so fun to me, it's dangerous; if I could  inject this album into my bloodstream, I would.  See, my review is already  too long.  You could have listened to the first three songs on the album in  the time it's taken me to write my precious review.  &quot;You buy me a  soda...you buy me a soda...you buy me a soda and try to molest me in the  parking lot.&quot;
B00004YYDI|5.0|A brilliant movie as released in the cinema, improved and expanded with footage that should have been there all along.  Unfortunately it was the  type of thing that makes the movie industry nervous and the general public  uncomfortable so it was removed. I hope we will see many action movies of  this calibre coming out of Hollywood in the future.
1581250274|1.0|This book was really, really bad.  IF not for the fact I was forced to  read every little poorly written page for my class, i would have stopped on  page 2.  Do not get this pile of paper that some one has tried to pass off  as a book.  IT is nothing more than a textbook that has a pointless and  stupid story line.  The author seems to have never met any one in their  teens because the young girl in this is way to smart for her age.  Not to  menchian the fact that she follows the direction of a complete stanger.   Buy this and suffer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002KKS|5.0|Though not as demonic sounding [or even a contender for eerie-ness] in the  ranks of Ozzy Sabbath, this version of Black Sabbath [formed in 1980] had a  unique quality found lacking in earlier Sabbath, which was a more harmonic,  well written, very nicely put together sound, something that just seems to  follow Ronnie James Dio. <br />Many of the bonuses to this album,  besides the  great production work on it, are that over the period of a decade or so,  Black Sabbath themselves, managed to learn much more than the power-chords  that drove them to success in their early days, and they found out about  staying away from the keyboard influences of the day,  which lead much of  their music in a way that never should have gone.<br />Aside from Black  Sabbath maturing as a band and as a whole  [though seemingly never in tune  with a singer, offstage] this cd offers one of many first glances, aside  from his days with Elf and Rainbow, at possibly the best singer after the  fading of Led Zeppelin's Robert Plant, Ronnie James Dio. And with his  talent and singing voice,  Sabbath found a little bit more of the Heaven  they needed after all the years of Hell.<br />For any fan of classic rock, or  hard rock, this is a definite first in your collection.
B0000060NH|5.0|Overall, this soundtrack is an underrated classic, but if you want music  to have sex by, this should definitely be in your top 10. It's sexy,  smoldering and sensuous. Turn the lights down, take Barry White out of the  player and pop in Trouble Man. You've got it made...
6304539282|5.0|I could go on and on...and for those who know me really do know that I  could talk for hours about how much I love these movies.  I find myself  thinking, &quot;out of the three, which do I like best?&quot;  I still  can't decide, and perhaps I shouldn't.  They all are great, &quot;A New  Hope&quot;, &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot;, &quot;Return of the  Jedi.&quot; There's something more to it than the special effects, the  interesting creatures, the space battles.  I love every aspect, but what  makes me enjoy these movies so much is the story.  Everything was so well  thought out with the story of each character, their life growing up, how  they got together, their relationships, (like Vader and Luke, Luke and  Leia)and how they all ended to be.   I recommend this to anyone who is  looking for a good sequel of movies to watch.   The only problem is, is  that you spend an average of $40 for the trilogy, and then they come out  with another box set three years later...but you all ready have the movies,  but you want the box the next set comes it.  For true collectors you know  what I mean.  I don't want to buy the same movie twice.  I think they  should just sell the boxes for people like me, but that's fine.  I'm still  excited for them to come out in a few months. Star Wars is a true classic,  for this generation and many to come. Who can forget?  &quot;No, I am your  Father.&quot; Or... &quot;I am a Jedi, like my father before me.&quot;
B0000028RR|5.0|Of all the music in the world, this album contains the most powerful and  influetial music I have ever heard. No album has ever managed to change so  many ideas and inform so many people as Rage Against the Machine has. Rage  is the greatest, most talented band of the 90s, and this album shows  it.It's just so amazing that they can manage to put such strong ideas into  such perfect music. This album contains everything you'll ever need to  hear.
B00004NRUM|5.0|Because a longer review isn't needed....<br />This album has got it all. It's  just brilliant, plain brilliant. Brave is IMHO their darkest album, darker  then afraid of sunlight. There is just so much to hear in the songs, it's  not just the music and words, the ambient sounds are very important. it's a  71 min. journey into the darkest places you can imagine.<br />One last  thing...it should have been recorded using Q-sound. It would have made the  environmental sounds much more real.
0790729725|5.0|What is it that makes me so funny?  How am I so funny?  I am here to amuse you?  I'm a clown?  Tell me!
B00003A9QI|4.0|I turned on my local public radio station to hear the hauntingly beautiful  melodies from this CD playing...sad and sweet and so forelorn sounding.   Just lovely. Yet, I also knew they sounded familiar...not yet knowing the  composer, I looked on my other CD the soundtrack from the movie  &quot;Emma&quot; with Gwenyth Paltrow and found Rachel Portman's name.   Then after the music was over, the announcer confirmed this music was also  by Portman, so if you enjoy her music, I HIGHLY recommend the  &quot;Emma&quot; soundtrack, also. Every time I listen to it, I recall  scenes from the movie with such clarity...it's a wonderful remeniscence!   :)
B000002UB3|5.0|This album highlights the Beatles as the most awesome music machine ever.  The beauty of Abbey Road is its variety, from the hard rock of 'I Want You'  to the gorgeous melody of George's 'Here Comes the Sun', the brilliant  'Come Together' and 'Because', to the medley on Side Two, and even the  relitively simple 'Octopus' Garden' is a winner. It's like the most  fabulous meal in the world - working your way through is a delight, you  feel fully satisfied by 'The End' (sorry about the pun), and you want an  encore; unforunately the Beatles did not come up with another album, so the  best thing to do is to play it again.Abbey Road is in my opinion the best  album of all time.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|Well well well..if it isn't bjork doing musicals, and not an ordinary musicals. You have to listen to this to appreciate this wonderful production.
B00004X01U|5.0|This has to be Madonna's best album yet. Don't be fooled by the simplicity  of Music (single) because there's so much more in music and lyrics. Madonna  takes the world's trendiest music and makes it a part of her. My personal  favourite: I deserve it. Her voice sounds so clear and passionate there...  But there's also Impressive Instant, which must hit the dance floors all  around the world pretty soon. I had already listened to all the tracks  (thanks to Napster) and I couldn't wait to own it!! If you buy it (which  you should) don't forget to look for the B-Side Cyberraga.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This has to be the best DVD on the market. From the quality to the extras its a 5 star dvd. What are you waiting for buy it now now NOW!
0679759328|5.0|Hotel du Lac is Anita Brookner at her best (recognizing that she's a  writer who either draws you into her spell or doesn't.) In this novel she  held me spellbound. A young woman has been sent by well-meaning friends to  respectable Swiss lakeside hotel, elegant and restfully dull, to get over a  disastrous love affair. But as in all of Anita Brookner's novels, there are  deep layers to apparent dullness, and the traquillity of the hotel's  atmosphere and the predictability of its guests is only apparent. <br />The  melancholy yet lovely coming of autumn on the shores of the lake is as much  an integral part of the story as the heroine's lonely and reflective voice.  The other guests at the hotel frame Edith's awareness and become major  catalysts of the book's plot. The sadness of the events Edith reveals to  the reader is always balanced by her deliciously honest irony toward  herself--her awareness that she has chosen her destiny. The ending is  remarkable. <br />I read Hotel du Lac when it was first published and again  recently. It's even better on re-reading, richer and deeper,  proving  itself a contemporary classic. Anita Brookner has a voice that's unique,  original, and, certainly in this book, perfect.
B00001ODGR|4.0|A great concert indeed.  Actually, this is incredibly well produced  considering it was done in an arena and not on a soundstage.  If I have a  complaint, it is that there is no &quot;center&quot; channel sound in the  Dolby Digital-5.1 mode.  There is &quot;center&quot; channel in Dolby Pro  Logic, but to be honest &quot;That Sucks&quot;.  AC-3 is the only way to  go.  If anyone has &quot;center&quot; channel sound in Dolby Digital,  please let me know.  I may have have a DVD with a glitch...
B00003CXE7|5.0|As the true movie lover that I am, I can be very critical. This had everything for the above 18 crowd.  I was impressed by Russell Crowe's  proformance and Joaquin Phoenix pulled off an outstanding feat to make you  both loathe and pity him at the same time.  The story line is tried and  true, and very effective. It made my heart race and my spirit soar.
0385334206|1.0|I was sooooooo dissapointed since I am a big fan of Vonnegut's and love  his writing style (except in this book), not to mention my favorite  character Kilgore Trout. I read some of the reviews and decided to ignore  the negative ones since there is so many people out there who clearly miss  Vonnegut's point.  It is racist, sexist and towards the end he just rambles  on pointlessly about things ... that have nothing to do with what  he is talking about.  I am used to being shocked by Vonnegut but this was  too much. DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK, it is a waste of time and money.
B00003CXFG|5.0|This movie just rocks, sure the plot has more holes than swiss cheese but it has one thing included that the people over in Hollywood keep  forgetting, it's fun, and besides that Vin Diesel rocks.<br />If you enjoy  enjoying movies then give this disc a spin sometime.
0684830515|5.0|Why would anyone want to read a novel about unending drunken revels by  emotional cripples who treat each other badly, never-ending love conflicts,  getting excited by mayhem at the running of the bulls and during bull  fights in Pamplona, and wasted lives?  That's the question posed by this  book.<br />The book will not draw too many readers for the subject matter.  Why then does the book attract?  Part of the appeal has to be the same  reason that many people like horror films -- the relief you feel when you  realize that your own life does not encounter such dangers can be  profound.<br />Another reason to read this book is to understand the  disillusionment of the American expatriates in Europe after World War I.  The book is a period piece in this sense.  Clearly, Hemingway is Jake and  the book is undoubtedly very autobiographical.  All first novels have that  quality to some degree.  Imagining how the author of The Old Man and the  Sea started out as Jake was very interesting to me.<br />To me, however, the  primary reason for reading this book is to encounter the remarkable  structure that Hemingway built in his plot.  He has created several  different lenses through which we can explore the role of conflict and  separation in our lives.  Each lens turns out to be looking at the same  object, and it is only by slowly focusing each of the lenses that we are  able to see that object more clearly.<br />The central figure in the book is  Brett, Lady Ashley, who enchants almost every man she meets, and who  disengages from intimate relations with each one after permanently  entangling him emotionally.  That leaves a string of wounded suitors in her  wake, including Jake.  Things get tough when several of them join her and  her fiance in Pamplona for the running of the bulls.  The symmetry in the  book becomes more obvious during a fishing trip that Jake takes without  Brett.  The fish are lured by artificial flies more successfully than with  real worms.  Brett's exotic appeal draws men in like flies, much more than  the attractions of women who want to make an emotional commitment.<br />The  symmetry becomes masterful when we reach the bull fights.  Brett and the  matador are inevitably attracted, for they are the same.  They both play  with their opponents (men and bulls) by flirting and using their capes,  weaken the opponents in the engagement, and bring the opponents down  (through sexual entrancement and slaughter).  Hemingway makes this  abundantly clear by repeatedly describing the bull's death as when the  matador and the bull become one.  One pet name for Brett is Circe, to help  complete the picture.<br />The closer the matador comes to the bull's horns  (or Brett to making a commitment), the better the sport for the spectators  and the greater the self-esteem for the matador (and Brett).<br />I do not  recall a novel that does such an excellent job of using multiple story  lines to reinforce the book's main point, in this case that alienation  transcends even closeness.  Much as you will dislike some of the  characters, the unnecessary racial and ethnic slurs, the savageness, and  the emotional scenes, you will probably find the characters to ring true.  You will also admire the misguided optimism and honest commitment of Jake  as he fulfills his love for Brett by procuring men for her and then  rescuing her when the next engagement is all over.  Jake's love is that  noble sacrifice that we all admire in lovers.<br />And that's the beautiful  part of the book -- you will find nobility amid the ugliness.  The contrast  makes the nobility more beautiful.<br />When you are done reading the book,  examine your own life and see where you draw back from closeness.  Then,  ask yourself why you do, and what it costs you and others.  Next, consider  what closeness can bring from continuing relationships.<br />Find beauty  wherever you look!Brett's exotic appeal draws men in like flies, much more than  the attractions of women who want to make an emotional commitment.  <br />The  symmetry becomes masterful when we reach the bull fights.  Brett and the  matador are inevitably attracted, for they are the same.  They both play  with their opponents (men and bulls) by flirting and using their capes,  weaken the opponents in the engagement, and bring the opponents down  (through sexual entrancement and slaughter).  Hemingway makes this  abundantly clear by repeatedly describing the bull's death as when the  matador and the bull become one.  One pet name for Brett is Circe, to help  complete the picture.  <br />The closer the matador comes to the bull's horns  (or Brett to making a commitment), the better the sport for the spectators  and the greater the self-esteem for the matador (and Brett).  <br />I do not  recall a novel that does such an excellent job of using multiple story  lines to reinforce the book's main point, in this case that alienation  transcends even closeness.  Much as you will dislike some of the  characters, the unnecessary racial and ethnic slurs, the savageness, and  the emotional scenes, you will probably find the characters to ring true.   You will also admire the misguided optimism and honest commitment of Jake  as he fulfills his love for Brett by procuring men for her and then  rescuing her when the next engagement is all over.  Jake's love is that  noble sacrifice that we all admire in lovers.  <br />And that's the beautiful  part of the book -- you will find nobility amid the ugliness.  The contrast  makes the nobility more beautiful.<br />When you are done reading the book,  examine your own life and see where you draw back from closeness.  Then,  ask yourself why you do, and what it costs you and others.  Next, consider  what closeness can bring from continuing relationships.  <br />Find beauty  wherever you look!<br />
B00003W8NM|1.0|When it comes to films, I am pretty open minded. But having had to sit  through a disturbing two hours of this film, I have to say that it is  terrible. It started ok, as the one redeeming feature (Norton's acting)was  pulling it thorugh. However with the introduction of the ever wooden Pitt  (why won't directors sacrifice popularity for talent?)it took a decidided  down turn. The writer of this anti-consumerism tosh is obviously so pleased  with himself, so smug, that he has tried to produce something which he  expects us all to stand back and say &quot;wow&quot;. Quite frankly by the  end I was bored, extremely dissapointed and felt cheated of my 2.
0060931671|5.0|There are four possibilities in The Crying of Lot 49: you have found the  truth, you are imagining the truth, someone has created a huge conspiracy  to trick you into thinking you've found the truth, or you believe that the  conspiracy is the truth when it is not, and in fact you have gone  crazy.<br />Finish The Crying of Lot 49 and see that Tristero may have been  Jesus. To believe in something, enough for that belief to have any power at  all, is to also put yourself at risk of accidentally creating an illusion  of power that didn't exist in the first place.  A problem indeed.  Anything  you want, you will get, even if it's not real. For example, I don't even  know if that analogy (Tristero/Jesus) was intentional. But if I believe it  is, I'll be able to write an essay about it.  I'm not being universalist  here, just trying to continue where Oedipa left off.  I'm an  un-universalist, if you need to know.<br />I don't know if I can find a  connection between the potsmasters of Tristero and the disciples of Christ,  but the beauty of analogy (the fifth possibility) leaks out between the two  Books and falls through this review.<br />Personally, I don't think this was  that postmodern.  It may have that title, but in many ways it can exist  purely on a plot-driven level, and most postmodern novels can't.  Thomas  Pynchon himself is not present, but talks only through the characters and  events of the story the way all those normal non-postmodernists do.<br />And,  by the way, Thurn and Taxis reminded me of my choice of banking  institutions: Wells Fargo, whom I dislike.  Those black marauders that  charge me outrageous fees and ridiculous charges, who own the night and  sabotage my loved ones!
B00004X01U|5.0|I must take back everything I thought about Madonna, back in 8o-ies :)) This woman is one of a handful artists who still have freshness in their  work,after all.When she started I thought she would be just a cheap copy of  then-celebrated Cindy Lauper,and look where is Lauper now.It took me years  to start paying attention to her music,but now I really think she is  interesting.I dont think she could (or even wanted to)ever again be the  same cheerful singer who was singing &quot;Holiday&quot;,her last work  shows different approach to music and I really apreciatte this mature-sound  Madonna much more.Her choice of collaborators is nothing short of excellent  - this time french DJ Mirwais - and Im sure she would just go on  forever.The song &quot;I deserve it&quot; is one of the most beautiful  songs I ever heard from Madonna .As for people who think she didnt move  much from the sound of her last &quot;Ray of light&quot; album,in my  opinion music on this album is more organic and more approachable.
B00004YYDI|5.0|I RECENTLY WATCHED THIS FILM FOR THE FIRST TIME IN SEVERAL YEARS AND WAS QUICKLY RE-IMPRESSED WITH THE ENTIRE OVER-THE-TOP PERFROMANCE OF GARY  OLDMAN'S CROOKED DEA AGENT AND JEAN RENO'S QUIET, YET EFFICIENT, CLEANER.   THIS DOESN'T EVEN MENTION NATALIE PORTMAN'S FIRST CINEMATIC APPEARANCE- A  ROLE THAT CAUSED A FRIEND TO REMARK SEVERAL YEARS AGO- WHEN I SAW THE MOVIE  FOR THE FIRST TIME IN HONG KONG- THAT SHE HAD A WONDERFUL CAREER AHEAD OF  HER.<br />I THINK SOME OF THE BEST PARTS OF THE MOVIE WERE THE UNRELEASED  SCENES WHERE LEON IS TEACHING MATHILDA HOW TO BE A CLEANER- ESPECIALLY THE  HILARIOUS &quot;FIRST HIT&quot; WHICH LEAVES THE BEWILDERED  &quot;CLIENT&quot; GAPING IN CONFUSION AND HAD ME IN STITCHES.<br />IF YOU  HAVE EVER SEEN &quot;LA FEMME NIKITA&quot; AND WOULD LIKE TO SEE HOW THE  &quot;CLEANER&quot; IN THAT FILM SHOULD HAVE BEEN, OR IF YOU JUST LIKE  MOVIES THAT HAVE EXCELLENT STORY-TELLING AND CHARACTERS THAT ARE BELEIVABLE  THEN YOU SHOULD MOST DEFINITELY PURCHASE THIS FILM.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|A GREAT FILM! . The best spoof I have seen. It was nothing like I expected I thought it would just be funny but it was hilarious. If you want  to make your bladder move around buy it!
B00000J7S8|5.0|The praises that others are expressing for this album aren't unwarranted, this is one great CD!  I'd never heard of Diana Krall before, so I have no feelings of betrayal that she's leaving her roots of 'pure' jazz.  Instead I'm ecstatic to have found a great smooth jazz album that I can listen to over and over again.<br />Diana has a gorgeous voice, full and sultry, and the musicians accompanying her are similarly talented.  The songs are mostly playful little tunes, or slow romantic ballads, but sometimes a little too simple or silly for my tastes.  I could have easily done without the ridiculous and boring 'Popsicle Toes' track for example.  The rest of the tracks are keepers though, and really are just beautiful.  <br />One thing that I thought was a little funny was the amount of pictures of Dianna Krall on the CD jacket.. She certainly is a looker, but it seems a little vain to have every single page leaf and other possible surface plastered with pictures of you, I don't know, maybe that's just me, but I found it a little odd.  Regardless, a great CD that I highly recommend, I look forward to her future works in the same style.
068815333X|5.0|Before you read this book and enjoy the story, the plot, the language, and  the characters; make sure you also read the first four books in the series.  All of them including the latest book &quot;Prayers for Rain&quot; are  absolute top-class - intelligent, witty, and hard-boiled - all at once. I  keep the books by Lehane on the same shelf as the books by Raymond Chandler  and Michael Connelly.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|You have to decide whether its to new hights, or new lows.  There isn't really a plot to this movie, it basically threads together the plots from  such recent teen horror movies as SCREAM and I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST  SUMMER, but plot doesn't really matter in a spoof movie anyway.  The only  thing that matters is getting laughs, and it probably will as long as you  aren't offended easily.  This movie has an incredible range of things to  offend even the most unoffended people.   Violence, Drug use, Bad language,  Retarded police officers, and even the old death by penis.  This movie is  much funnier too if you have seen Scream recently, because there are lots  of references to it and they will be funnier if you know what they mean.   This movie will almost definately make you laugh if you are a teenager, but  if you don't find violence or nudity funny, then stay away.
B000001E8P|5.0|Well, kids, what we have here is the absolute closest thing you can get to THE PERFECT ALBUM. Different Class has it all: gloriously constructed music that soars and swells, a perfect backdrop for Jarvis Cocker's incredibly witty and biting satire. This album, even after four years, just keeps getting better. it is the one CD out of my entire collection that I would never give up. Song after song, Different Class delivers: from the bouncy yet viscious Mis-shapes, the sultry eroticism of Pencil Skirt, the sheer grandiose bombast of Common People, the high drama of I Spy, the sweet sense of wistfulness in Disco 2000, the incredibly well-told story of social disintegration that is LIve Bed Show, the utter beauty and charm of Something Changed, the dead-on observation of Sorted For E's &amp; Wizz, the way that falling in love is depicted as firghtening &amp; dirty in FEELINGCALLEDLOVE, the sweeping Underwear, the rollicking MOnday MOrning, and the perfect morning-after scenario of Bar Italia, there is not a dud on this classic. I could go on forever, but just buy it and find out for yourself.
B000002A3T|1.0|They once sarcastically imitated a record exec asking which one was  Pink...  This isn't Pink Floyd.  Three half-decent songs or so, and a cameo  by Hawking, don't make this worth your time.  Momentary Lapse Of Reason was  a better forgery: I actually liked that one.  Most of these songs are  uninspired.  The band as it stands now, should take a hint: since they  can't write moving lyrics, they should leave the songs unsung, and perhaps  do instrumental albums.  Do a couple singles to pay the rent, if they must,  but don't pretend to be original, or profound.  Highschool creative writing  students write better lyrics than this drunk after a prom.<br />It seems  likely that this `band' is now doing studio albums merely as an excuse to  tour, under the pretense that they aren't a has been nostalgia act, and  perhaps because there's is more morning in a tour, than doing a good studio  album.  Well, they might as well be.  Studio album, live album, studio  album, live album, must seem by now as suspicious to even the most diehard  fans.  <br />Roger Waters has won the Floyd wars, and on the basis of his  Amused To Death album (w. Jeff Beck and Don Henley), resoundingly overtakes  this band in innovation, musicality, and relevance -- and most important,  gives you your money's worth in running time and captivating repeat  listens.
B00004X01U|5.0|I got this CD 20 minutes ago before I began this review. Well she did it  again. well done Madonna
B00004W55E|5.0|...for 8 years!  We've missed you out here among the muck of screaming and  unpolished songstresses.  Thankfully, you came back and showed 'em how it  should be done!  This disc is simply profound.  Smooth, sultry, spiritual,  slick, funky (pronounced FON kee, please,) and, of course, breath-taking.   Of course, your friends and fans are used to your wonderful music being  referred to as these adjectives.  They will not be disappointed.   &quot;Individuality&quot; is all that and more; words that cannot be said  through the sighing and signifying of the listeners, the therapy that takes  place.  <br />You STILL have that impeccable vocal control with just the right  sound for every mood your compositions create.  I found &quot;Sista&quot;  appropriately groovable, &quot;I Forgive You,&quot; well, therapeutic,  &quot;Reflections of My Heart,&quot; touching and my absolute favorite, and  I could go on and on.  &quot;Gaia&quot; shows a side of you that many are  didn't know existed and are glad is there.  Pure and spiritual you've shown  to be through your music, Ms. Ferrell, and the beautiful composition just  proclaims that!  We know whose album this is with those signature pithces  that are off the charts juxtapose to subtle tones hardly distinguishable  from the accompaniment.  <br />We already know that the voice is the  &quot;First Instrument&quot; and, again, you've proven that viable, with  your instrument being so lovingly perfected and manicured.  Other  &quot;divas&quot;:  BE JEALOUS and STUDY HARD!<br />Ms. Ferrell:  Please,  whatever you do, keep your music this complex, simple, gorgeous and  wonderful.  Be incomparable, as you can't help but be!  If this blessed  album is the product of free reign, stay free, remove all chains and make  love through sounds forever!  Much Love!
B00004X01U|5.0|I had the opportunity to download the whole MUSIC album on Napster approx. 3 weeks before it's release date.  Withstanding temptation, I refused.  I  wanted there to be an element of mystery for my first time listening to the  new work of my most respected artist.  The following weeks I counted down  the days. I imagined the sound and style Madonna would choose for the rest  of the tracks on her much anticipated new project.  Having heard the first  single many times I assumed the style of the new album would be centered  around this now number one song and it's aura...needless to say I was  wrong.  I will not be your Napster...I will not give away the surprising  elements that are waiting to leave you scratching your head with a smile on  your face.  I can only say she will surprise you, leave you breathless,  make you smile, make you cry, make you dance and even let you sneek another  peek into her mind....but only if you open yours.  Music is short.  10  songs and appox. 44 minutes of brilliance.  It leaves you wanting more, but  allows you to believe it is still only the begining for this modern day  muse....There is still more to Madonna.  I can't wait for the ride to  continue.  Thank you M.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I am 47 years old, I liked the Album, Blink has captured the feel of 1960s Rock and Roll, They are like Jefferson Airoplane of the year 2000. LONG LIVE ROCK and ROLL!
0767834976|5.0|Schwarzenegger is the worlds number 1 action hero and so he fitted  perfectly in this film. Its something unique.It shows you the difference  between fiction and reality.<br />Well Done Arnie !!!
0790749815|4.0|The transfer is great. The film looks terrific. But the alternate audio  track of E. Lehman (the writer) was a big dissapointment. This is my  favorite movie and was looking forward to insights that only a writer could  provide. But instead we are given 136 minutes of thoughtless chatter, when  he's not talking about himself he's silent (at times for more than 10  minutes). Some of the voice over is taken directly from the &quot;making  of&quot; documentary that is included on the DVD. One wishes that M. Landau  would have done it.... Order this one for the film not the features.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna's new CD &quot;Music&quot; needs to be listened to more than once  before people start forming opinions.  At first, I thought I was  disappointed after loving &quot;Ray of Light&quot;.  Let me just say that I  love &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; and &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;.  I've  always loved Madonna's uptempo songs and these are some of her best.  Next,  I listened to &quot;I Deserve It&quot; and wasn't thrilled with it.  My  absolute favorite track on the CD is Track 5, &quot;Amazing&quot;.  What a  feeling this song has!  It just feels like a flashback to the care-free  60's.  People will find this song reminiscent of &quot;Beautiful  Stranger&quot; but it's way better!  <br />The next half of the CD is a  different speed.  Track 6 &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; starts off slow then  picks up and becomes a swirling mid-tempo, voice-fx laden song.  Track 7  &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is going to be a big hit!  It's got a cool beat,  a 'country twang' (Madonna and country in the same sentence?).  Yep, the  song has great lyrics and is a really incredible pop song.  I really don't  care for Track 8 &quot;What it feels like for a girl!&quot;  It just  doesn't do anything for me.  Track 9 &quot;Paradise (not for me) is also  another song that doesn't really go anywhere.  The final song  &quot;Gone&quot; is a great song that is well written which makes use of  the acoustic guitar more than any other song on the CD.  <br />Overall, I like  the new CD alot and it's going to be one of my favorites for a long time.   I just wish there were a few more tracks on the CD.  The CD is too short.   I think this CD paired with &quot;Ray of Light&quot; makes a great 2 Disc  set!
B00004X01U|3.0|More techo than &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;, and this has an intense house  feel.  There are a few ballads without any throbbing dance music, like  &quot;I Deserve It&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;, but they are  unremarkable.  And since I don't really like house music, and didn't  especially like &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;, it's hard to judge this.  Just be  aware that this is not the same Madonna of &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot; and  &quot;Vogue&quot;.
630575067X|5.0|In the VHS version of Episode 1 The Phantom Menace the quality of every  aspect is similar to the real movie theater. I love the fact that it  connected with the other episodes quite effectively. Even though I disliked  the performance of Jake Lloyd, Anakin Skywalker, the rest of the cast was  on par. This movie has a basic plotline spiced with spectacular special  effects and impressive action sequences. Like many fans of the Star Wars  saga, I can hardly wait for the next installment.
B00004X01U|5.0|Many Madonna fans are dying to know: Is Music better than Ray of Light?   The simple answer is &quot;no.&quot;  The more complex answer is &quot;yes,  sorta, but in a different way.&quot;<br />Madonna, always one to exhaustively  check herself, has given us a collection here that evokes the past,  evaluates the present, and predicts the future of pop music as we know it.   Music gives us some of her silliest lyrics ever in &quot;Impressive  Instant,&quot; and it's a true joy to hear them after the somber diary of  the previous album.  And then, a mere two tracks later, she contemplates  the conflicted state of &quot;settling down&quot; for a woman who never  dreamed she'd be doing such a thing.  And on several tracks she openly  dissects the intricacies of her often-paradoxical career: &quot;Selling out  is not [her] thing,&quot; but then again, &quot;nobody's perfect.&quot;   Just &quot;don't tell [her] to stop,&quot; because it's all been said  before, and it ain't gonna happen.<br />It's a beautiful thing, the journey  she takes us on with Music.  Ray of Light was one thing, and Music is  something completely different.  Don't expect a sequel, but instead, a  natural and glorious progression .
B00001NFCY|5.0|first lets get the comparisons of pearl jam out of the way. i have been a  pearl jam fan from the very begining, and still continue to follow the  band. i feel the only comparison between these two bands is the fact that  EDDIE VEDDER and Scott Stapp sound a similar. their music and creative  talents are totally different. pearl jam maybe an influence , but creed is  it's on band. my own prison was a refreshing return for rock considering  all this rock/metal/rap crap coming about nowadays. human clay is just  another huge step for creed and rock because the album is truly  unbelieveable and still has no comparisons to pearl jam. if you do not  enjoy this album it's because you are not a true rock fan and you do not  like to think because stapp's creative talents make you think about life  and that to me is awesome when someone can make you think and feel better  about your life. so pick this album up if you relly want to go higher.
B00000J2KT|4.0|Stanley Kubrick portrays a Vietnam War experience with the entry of several young men in Marine basic training, through their fighting at Hue during the Tet Offensive in 1968.  Lee Ermey provides a stunning performance as a drill instructor (he served in the Marines at one time).  The Vietnam sequence is a generally accurate depiction of Hue with some impressive combat scenes.  Overall a deep insight into what young men must have dealt with during the Vietnam War.  Viewers will either love it or hate it.
B00004TL21|4.0|I really like this album because the Deftones keep their same style as from their previous two.  I think there are a lot of good songs.  The first track is a great way to start a cd, and I liked pretty much all of them.  The one that stands out is Knife Prty.  That song is totally amazing.  Now that the Deftones have a little more exposure and popularity, hopefully they won't pull a Limp Bizkit and change their sound.  Next Chino will get onstage and sing with Christina Aquilera.  God I hope not!!!!!!!!!!!
0140187650|4.0|Hannah Arendt is probable one of the most astute political and moral  thinkers of the previous century. <br />The book approaches Eichmann as a  competent but morally vacant burueacrat who sinks into the 'banality of  evil' not out of a malicious hatred of the Jews but rather out of a  perverted sense of duty and respect for authority. He perverts the Kantian  categorical imperative to read - you have the duty to do what society  instructs of you - instead of - you have the duty to act in yourself as you  would expect society to act towards you. Some reviewers have misread this  moral emphasis of Arendt as a defence of Eichmann This is completely false  and a basic misunderstanding of her moral argument.<br />Her brave mentioning  of the fact that the Eichmann Trial was probable not in truth a trial but a  show to justify retribution  as well as the illegality of his kidnapping  deserves praise. The fact that Eichmanns council never used this in his  defence as well as the fact that technically Eichmann contravened no law in  Germany whilst exercising his duties ,gave me the idea that if there was  someone in Israel that could saved him from the gallows it would have been  Hannah Arendt. Ironic as I have not read a better condemnation of the man  from any other author.Then again she also paints the picture of a man  making no real effort to avoid his fate but being without the moral fibre  to actively seek it out made no effort to hide his identity from anyone.  Eichmann wanted to get caught and seeked in his trial and sentence final  recognition for his contorted sense of remorse Although the sincerity of  his remorse is not doubted it is the nature of his remorse that remains  highly questionable. And that is Hannah Arendts exclamation mark behind the  banality of this mans' evil.<br />Her synopsis of the fate of the Jews in  various countries during the holocaust is also very valuable to casual  students of the Shoah.
B000002JOH|5.0|I'll admit it took me a while to appreciate Pantera.  The first time I  heard them I wanted to run away!  After watching one of my friends learn to  play the opening riff on Mouth for War I gained a whole new respect for  these guys.  VP's drumming is unreal especially when you can feel the  double bass shaking your innards like a jar of salsa!  I still like this CD  for when I need to shake myself awake.  It's serious metal and for those  who don't like to hear cuss words...go back to Britney Spears.<br />METAL  FOREVER!
B000001ED1|4.0|Joan's bluesy, edgier than Bonnie vocals serve to set this album off to a  fast running start.  The songs run the gammut between funky &quot;Spider  Web&quot; to the slow and soulful &quot;Crazy Baby&quot;, which kicks in  with a vengeance during the chorus and carries you rapidly along til the  hopeless end.  Beautiful.<br />If you like Blues guitar, aggressive yet  soft-edged vocals, and fun lyrics, you'll like  &quot;Relish&quot;.<br />&quot;I dreamed of Ray Charles last night, and he  could see just fine&quot;<br />Priceless.
B000002U9L|3.0|Some movies transcend the times and are cherished for what they are:  The  Wizard of Oz is one of those.  Others, like Labyrinth, revel in their time  period.  In the decade of pure cheese (it was the height of slasher flicks,  for crying out loud!), Labyrinth stood out as a marvel of technological  wizardry, and its soundtrack (featuring star David Bowie, the king of 80s  cheese) boasts some nice synth-heavy music, along with my personal favorite  from the film, Dance Magic.  Chilly Chilly, reminiscent of some Devo song,  also stands out on the disc.<br />Like the movie, the CD is a lot of fun,  taken at face value.  If you want great music, though, try Chopin.  Personally, I like them both.
B000002GVZ|3.0|These tunes are all wonderful, wonderful, wonderfully done, sung,  orchestrated, and produced.  In my early days of invincibility, I listened  without a thought.  Hovever, in my later years, lyrics about loveless  marriages, hopelessly irresponsible children, and never finding a real  person despite years of searching are downright depressing. <br />Good music.   Catchy, well-written (except for the collaborative efforts with Carole  King, James Taylor, Paul/Linda McCartney).<br />But stock up on the St. Johns  Wort before giving it a spin.<br />Jesus knows.<br />Out.
6305897786|1.0|The plot has a lot of promise, but unfortunately there is no follow  through. I wouldn't waste the money unless you are planning on taking a nap  sometime in the middle of the film... The acting is capable, but nothing  special, and not even Depp can bring the lead character to life.
B000002U82|5.0|This is the only album that could ever have been both entirely overhyped  and entirely underrated at the same time.  <br />It is the quintessential  stoner album. There is no replacement.  Headphones are NOT optional if you  want to appreciate the effort from the producers. An unprejudiced attitude  is required to appreciate the artistry of the band.  It is not an album of  songs - it is a series of sounds and moods.  It will wash over you and take  you with it.<br />There is a very good reason that this album was in the  Billboard Magazine top 100 for over 800 weeks straight. It is one of a  kind.<br />One note:  &quot;Money&quot; should have been saved for another  album (maybe Wish You Were Here).  It is a big red firetruck in a field of  wheat - there's nothing remotely resembling it in view.  Funny thing is  that it's the only thing most people know about DSOTM.  It is also  responsible for propagating the second most widely misquoted phrase in the  English Language:  &quot;LOVE of money (not money itself) is the root of  all evil&quot;.<br />You don't own jack if you don't own this.<br />Peace. Out.
B00003CXE7|5.0|A well balanced blend of drama and action, Gladiator follows the rise and fall of two great men.  Maximus (Russel Crowe) delivers a mind imprinting  performance as he goes from General of the Northern armies to becoming a  slave.  Forced into becoming a gladiator, he slowly climbs back to the top.  With many road bumps along the way, we see a man fight for love, honor, and  respect. Amazing sequences, artistically sound in it's delivery, and some  kick butt gladiator fighting that'll have you screaming &quot;thumbs  down&quot; to the new Ceasar.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|This is bluesy and beuatiful.  A perfect follow up to Tidal, though not as  cohesive. <br />Watch out though.  She's got a lusty streak, and though there  are no explicit lyrics, you'll find youself in a sexual state of mind now  and again.<br />YOU will be GLAD you BOUGHT this CD.<br />(but she needs  Jesus)<br />Out.
0788816454|3.0|I wasn't sure if I was going to like this movie because I thought it was  going to be another tacky and tasteless movie by another \\"Saturday Night  Live\\" alum.  In \\"The WaterBoy\\", Adam Sandler is the \\"SNL\\" alum.  However, I  liked this movie and actually thought it was pretty funny.  Adam Sandler  plays Bobby Boucher, a dimwitted waterboy for the University of Louisiana's  football team.  Bobby Boucher lacks social skills and is always ridiculed  and picked on by the football players.  After having had enough of Bobby's  stupidity, Coach Red fires him.  Bobby Boucher immediately seeks another  waterboy position and gets hired by Coach Klein (who heads South Central  Louisiana State University's football team).  Soon, this crazy coach puts  Bobby on the team when he sees how powerful Bobby becomes when he gets  angry (\\"tackling fuel\\" as Coach Klein puts it).  Now that Bobby is on the  team, he helps them move from last place to first place. He also gets the  chance to go to college and improve his social skills with his new-found  friends.  This movie was good because Bobby Boucher was an inspiration to  his fans, his teammates, and most importantly, to Coach Klein.  Bobby  inspires Coach Klein to stand up against his long-time arch-rival (Coach  Red) who stole his treasured book of game plans in order to get the head  football coach position at the University of Louisiana.  Coach Klein  finally stands up against Coach Red and regains his manhood.  This movie  was also good because it contained lots of funny supporting characters like  Bobby's crazy, in-and-out of jail girlfriend Vicki Vallencourt, a coach  that talked gibberish, Coach Klein (played by Harry Winkler), and Mama  Boucher (played by Kathy Bates).  Kathy Bates gave a terrific, comic  performance as Bobby Boucher's overprotective, if psychotic, mother.  Harry  Winkler also gets honorable mention for giving a funny performance as the  crazy and hallucinatory Coach Klein.  Of course, kudos go to Adam Sandler  for playing a character that was funny, lovable, and sympathetic.  \\"The  WaterBoy\\" was short and to the point and it managed to be funny without  falling into the retarded or the grotesque.
B000000OF6|5.0|Many who grew up during Queen's run of albums literally lived from one  release to the next.  Their original, tightly executed, driving tunes  formed a backdrop for an entire generation of kids who had only Zepplin,  Skynard, and Elton to fall back on.<br />No one before and few since has  combined rock with tight choral harmonies and a lead singer whose voice  knows no range (see &quot;Somebody to Love&quot;).  Queen's lyrics are  always fun yet interestingly twisted, my favorites being &quot;Killer  Queen&quot; and &quot;Fat Bottomed Girls&quot;.<br />Everyone on this page has  said it in so many ways. A ground-breaking band, a well-chosen selection of  hits and &quot;artistic&quot; favorites.<br />If you've always likes  &quot;radio&quot; Queen, pick this up and discover their true range.
0060977493|5.0|I can usually tell by the first paragraph if I want to keep reading.  I put this book back on the shelf after the first few lines. Later, I checked  out the audio from the library and listened on the way to work.  I was  mesmerized.  A very good exploration into primal needs and human  victimization.  Poetic and astounding.  I am going to read the book!
B000006TRV|3.0|It was really too easy to write an album about being lost and alone in a  busy mean world, so lyrical content deserves only 1 star.  <br />But WOW,  &quot;Run...&quot; and &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; are two very good  tunes.  It is possible to REALLY enjoy this album if you rent and watch the  film first.  But one or two listens after that you will lose all  interest.<br />This is not worth $35.<br />You must open the door.  He only  knocks.<br />Out.
6305971145|1.0|I love the other films by the director of SANTA CLAUS so I thought I  should buy it.  Well, it is the only film I've ever regretted purchasing as  I could not even watch it through without fast forwarding cuz it is so  awful.  It is wholly without irony in its subject and its so relentlessly  optomistic that it becomes oppressive.  Who wants to watch looooonnnnnnng  sequences of elves making crafty looking toys that no child would want to  play with while the most insipid music ever scored drives you to suicide in  the background.  This is like a remake of a George Pal puppetoon stretched  to over two hours and coated with enough sugar to make the entire world  diabetic in just one sitting.  I haaaaatttttteddddd this film and I hope  that I never have to see any portion or still of it again.  BLEEECHHH!!!!
B0000024YL|3.0|These songs are so typical of Paul Simon that you could never own another  of his records, solo or otherwise, and not miss anything.<br />Art's falsetto  is wonderful, but after 10 songs I'm ready to scream.<br />I loved this album  as an early teen, and I would recommend it highly to anyone born after  1985.  The rest of us need a little more meat with our sweet, lest we get a  tummy ache.<br />God is filling.  No heartburn.<br />Out.
B0000028VT|5.0|I have almost all her cds and tapes that i can find and I am writing this in the year 2000 so i have her newest ones also. I cannot say this is any  better than her other ones because i swear they ALL deserve a 5 &lt; well  more but it only goes to 5 stars &gt; I am her biggest fan! She really  knows how to sing wonderful and in this cd , she does not prove any  different! I love her!
B00004X01U|1.0|I JUST RECENTLY PURCHASED THE NEW MADONNA CD TITLED &quot;MUSIC&quot;, AND I HAVE TO SAY, IS THIS MADONNA? I REALLY ENJOY MOST OF MADONNA'S MUSIC AND THOUGHT THAT HER PREVIOUS ALBUM &quot;RAY OF LIGHT&quot; WAS KIND OF COOL AND I WOULD HAVE TO GIVE IT 3 STARS! AND WHEN I HEARD &quot;BEAUTIFUL STRANGER&quot; AND &quot;AMERICAN PIE&quot;, I KNEW THEY WOULD BE HITS ON RADIOS AND IN THE CLUBS. AND NOW HER FIRST SINGLE OFF HER NEW ALBUM IS CALLED &quot;MUSIC&quot;! (CURRENTLY NUMBER ONE IN BILLBOARD MAGAZINE!) I ONLY GAVE THIS ALBUM ONE STAR DUE TO THE FACT THAT THE SONG, &quot;MUSIC&quot; IS ON IT, WHICH IS VERY UPBEAT WITH (WHAT I CALL) A MIXTURE OF EGYPTIAN OR INDIAN BEATS AND CHANTS IN THE BACKGROUND, ALONG WITH BEAUTIFUL MADONNA VOCALS AS USUAL. I ESPECIALLY ENJOY WHEN IT SOUNDS LIKE MADONNA IS UNDER WATER SINGING MUSIC..MUSIC...MUSIC..MUSIC AND THEN RISES OUT OF THE WATER. (AGAIN JUST SLANG). I LISTENED TO TRACKS 2-10 AND I HAVE TO SAY I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED. IF YOU ALL THINK THAT THE REST OF HER ALBUM SOUNDS LIKE &quot;MUSIC&quot;, YOU ARE WRONG, BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT I THOUGHT! I KEPT THINKING AS I WAS GOING TRACK TO TRACK- OK WHEN WILL THIS SONG KICK IN- BUT IT NEVER DOES!! I FIND THE ONLY TRUE DANCE TRACK ON THIS ALBUM TO BE &quot;MUSIC&quot;, AND THE REST OF THEM SOUND LIKE MALL, COFFEE SHOP OR ELEVATOR MUSIC TO MY EARS OR SHOULD I SAY KIND OF NEW AGE JUNK! NOT WHAT I EXPECTED AND I AM SURE NOT WHAT MOST MADONNA OR &quot;MUSIC&quot; FANS WILL BE EXPECTING EITHER. IT DOES NOT EVEN HAVE MANY PICTURES OF MADONNA IN THE BOOKLET IT COMES WITH. MADONNA, I DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHAT HAPPENED HERE? MADONNA FANS OR ANYONE ELSE READING THIS: YOU SHOULD BUY THE &quot;MUSIC&quot; CD SINGLE AND/OR THE &quot;MUSIC&quot; REMIXES CD SINGLE FOR SURE AND PLAY IT VERY LOUD IN YOUR CAR OR AT HOME, BECAUSE &quot;MUSIC&quot; THE SINGLE THAT IS, WILL BE HERE TO STAY- THE ALBUM ITSELF...WELL...HEY MR DJ, PUT MADONNA'S OLD RECORDS ON...I WANT TO DANCE TO REAL DANCE MUSIC!! AND BUY THE WAY,IF YOU LIKE MADONNA, CHECK OUT ANYTHING BY &quot;ALICE DEEJAY&quot;, BECAUSE SHE IS HERE AND TAKING OVER THE NEW MILLENNIUM WITH HER NEW CD, &quot;WHO NEEDS GUITARS ANYWAYS&quot;! &quot;
B000005DQR|5.0|Rarely, an album comes along that can defy every wall, break all the  rules, and make new ones, then brake those on the next track. This album is  one of them. Not only does this album open you to other types of music, it  shows you that no matter what kind of music you like, be it rap, country,  Drum and bass, or rock, it is all music, and can make people feel emotions  and that is the common bond they have. Everytrack On this album, from  begining to end shows you that. you really feel like your in a perfect  world when midnight in a perfect world comes on. And somehow  you can  picture what your soul looks like when you listen to &quot;what does your  soul look like&quot; Few artists can piant pictures and inspire your mind  and the way you think of music, this album does all of that and more
0780631684|4.0|Great movie, You won't get dissapointed! If you like &quot;The Faculty&quot; and &quot;I Know What You...&quot;, &quot;Final  Destination&quot; is on the same level - better than Faculty and nearly as  scary as I Know... The reason i wrote this review is, that i do not agree  with all of you who say that the ending is bad and it supports a sequel! I  find that the ending (dont worry i wont spoil) Is perfect - like most of  the x-files episodes - you have to think a little and then - boing i gets  you! My bet is that there will not be a sequel - Final Destination stops  here...
B00004TRD8|5.0|The first DVD that I bought and it was the best decision that I have ever  made. Cool case but can get a bit smudgy from finger prints. Lots of stuff  keeps me sitting in couch for hours. Conclusion: get it even if you don't  collect DVD.
B00004Y6OA|5.0|This album is my rainy day album.  I dont know if it is the mix or what, but the album has a melancholy sound to it, even the upbeat songs.  &quot;In A Simply Rhyme&quot; is simply one of the best love songs ever  recorded in rock, whether a hit single or not and deserves unending kudos  (a listen to the version on the VH demo from 1977 shows you how much the  band had really grown).  The whole album is strong from cut to cut.  This  album also shows Dave at his show-man best (perhaps that is what steered  the band towards the Edward dominated &quot;Fair Warning&quot;).  But their  is still that melancholic tone to the whole thing, perhaps an undercurrent  of the bands state at the time.  They were on top of the world, undoubedtly  the biggest rock act in the world at the time, and the tone shows that they  knew how precarious that position could be.
078401213X|4.0|There are some thing man is better off not knowing, andapparently, the name of God is one of them. The Max Cohen character walks through life, seeing little other than numbers and their mystic relevance to the world.  He reminds the audience of ancient theorists, who not only delved into mathematics, but black magic and other less tangible interests. He fails to see why his mentor stopped where he did. What follows is a paranoid fantasy, where Wall Street gurus and Hasidic Jews hunt Cohen down to pry the mysteries of their worlds out of his head. This is when the film stalls, especially the pointless superchip plot and characters. The strongest points in the film come when Cohen is alone, and allowed to ponder the significance of the information trapped in his skull.  Hallucinogenic sequences leave little to the imagination, but serve a purpose as Cohen finds a rather simple solution to his problem. The ending leaves you cringing, then with a broad smile on your face. Well worth a rental.
0783229526|5.0|Although this movie was not recieved well in theaters, it is one of the  best films of the 1990s.  The story, revolving around Raoul Duke, and  journalist assigned to write an article in vegas, quickly dissolves into a  visual feast for the eyes.  Johnny Depp gives an incredible performance as  duke.  he lives the character throughout the whole movie, and depp's acting  skills are definatly put to use in this film.  The movie is very smart and  funny, despite being disguised as a somewhat stupid film.  rent it beeatch
0385474547|1.0|This book was the worst i have ever read.  It could barely hold my attention and i'm an avid reader.  The story wasn't at all interesting  until the end.  i wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
0790749815|5.0|Most critics and film fans refer to the Master's &quot;Family Plot&quot;  as his &quot;delicious souffle&quot; or &quot;delightful dessert&quot; or  some such metaphor.  Actually, it is &quot;North by Northwest&quot; that  deserves such a playful description, as IT is the film that much more  successfully fulfills the idea of a cinematic fabulous treat.  The folks  behind the DVD apparently agree; they take the movie off its pedestal and  have some fun with it.  Running footsteps playfully appear on the menu  screen, then the theme music kicks in as still shots from the famous scenes  move before us behind the menu options.  In other words, &quot;North by  Northwest&quot; is about to begin and it's something to get excited about!  A great film also deserves some great DVD extras, and in this department  MGM nicely delivers.  The documentary featuring Eva Marie Saint and writer  Ernest Lehman is very well done, elegantly following the actual shooting  script as we hear stories and anecdotes about the film's production.  A  minor quibble is that huge portions of Mr. Lehman's on-camera comments  during the documentary are grafted onto his bonus commentary track, so you  have to sit through many of his lengthy observations twice.  But that minor  flaw isn't a deal-breaker by any means.  After all, if you're getting a  crisp letterboxed version of &quot;North by Northwest&quot; (as you are  here), then the extras can be made up of Brady Bunch reruns and no one  would complain.  A selection of rarely-seen trailers and TV ads for the  movie round out the extras, effectively transporting you back to 1959 when  the film originally opened, and really getting you in the mood to see the  movie once again.  Needless to say, this is one to buy and to keep close to  the TV!
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|Bjork is poised to become a multi-media superstar.  Her latest album,  &quot;Selmasongs&quot; doubles as  a collection of songs from her first  movie, Dancer in the Dark.  She has won critical acclaim for her work in  the film as a mother who works in a factory and labors to save her son from  a disease that will cause  him to go blind.  The premise of the seven songs  on this EP deals with her character's ability to keep her spirits up by  fantasizing about musicals.  The songs sound like something out of a  postmodern Rodgers and Hammerstein with Bjork's careening vocals lending  weight to compositions that  fuse industrial clatter and dream-like,  sweeping string arrangements.  Whats more significant is that these songs  feel  as if they come from a created persona that Bjork fully embodies in  both the film and throughout the soundtrack. She never breaks from  character and the songs soar because of the emotion she has invested in  each track.   Bjork's co-star Catherine Deneuve makes a vocal cameo for the  track &quot;Cvalda&quot;.  Thom Yorke's duet with Bjork, the moody  &quot;I've Seen it All&quot; is a warm moment where he the question is  posed, &quot;What about China?  Have you seen the Great Wall?&quot;  Yorke  responds,  &quot;All walls are great if the roof doesnt fall.&quot;  This   statement unknowingly parallels the plight of Bjork's charachter, Selma who  seems cute and carefree in the film's outset only later to be seen as  dilusional and the victim of the wall she has constructed against her own  crushing reality.  Her imagination/wall cannot save her from the life she  must face.  As the album continues, it reaches its emotional zenith with  the glorious, &quot;In the Musicals 1&amp;2&quot;.    Then, the album finds  closure with the companion piece to the album's opening,  &quot;Overture&quot;, the cascading &quot;New World&quot; finds Bjork  cooing a few verses over spiralling strings and raindrop beats echoing the  opening melody.  The album's songs feel like  the soundtrack to some  feverish mid-afternoon nap with Bjork's voice playing the part of the woman  you encounter in your dreams repeatedly and whose name you never seem to  learn.    Selmasongs tracks cut and flow effortlessly like oil on the  bearings of a well made machine.  It is only fitting that Bjork finds  herself the beating heart at the middle of the glorious clickety-clacking.
6305311463|1.0|Since the Criterion Collection is supposedly a series of &quot;classic and important contemporary films,&quot; you have to wonder what they were  thinking doing such a high-quality special edition of a movie as bad as  this one.  Come on, guys, it's a bad movie!  Nothing in it makes any sense!   Think about everything that's wrong with this film just in terms of the  story (what little there is).  The NASA guys seem to think nobody knows  about the crisis, even after New York City is decimated by an asteroid  shower.  NASA also wastes time doing psychological tests on the driller  guys, even though they're the only people who can do the job and there's  barely enough time to train them as astronauts.  Then the Russian space  station randomly explodes just to keep things moving.  Then they have to  defuse the bomb on the asteroid in the ancient &quot;which wire should I  pull&quot; routine, even though *it's not a terrorist bomb* and they should  have been briefed on everything about it since their organization built it.   Oh, and there's apparently normal gravity on the asteroid, except for when  the plot demands otherwise (when they jump the big ravine in the land  rover).  But the movie's style is even worse.  It alternates between  &quot;Gee, we're having fun playing the audience like a piano&quot; fake  sentimentalism and &quot;Let's make everything exciting by cutting  everything together really fast&quot; hyper-editing.  Come on, guys, how  entertaining can this movie be when you can't even tell what's going on  most of the time?  Jerry Bruckheimer needs to retire...
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna has finally released her follow up to the awesome album Ray of  Light.  She uses William Orbit, who in my opinion appears on all the best  tracks, and she also uses Mirwais, a French producer, who in my opinion  does not do as good of a job as Orbit does.      &quot;Music&quot; is not  as spiritual as ROL was, instead it is very moody, very emotional, in which  Madonna does hesitate in being vulnerable, which msy be what makes this  album so great.       Of the albums tracks, Runaway Lover, Amazing, and  What It Feels Like For a Girl are the best.  Impressive Instant is also a  very good song.  They all have that ROL feel that is just plain awesome.   They have catchy melodies, great lyrics, and awesome use of electonica.   But its songs like I Deserve It and Don't Tell Me that make me think twice.   At first they seem like very boring, underproduced songs.  But once the  song really gets going, they can hang with the best of them.   &quot;Gone&quot; is a beautiful track that is perfect for closing the album  out.  Its a very emotional song, probably the saddest on the album.   Nobody's Perfect would very possibly be one of the best songs on the album  if it wasn't for the corny use of a vocoder, and overproduction.     Paradise (Not For Me) is a big welcome to &quot;Music&quot;, it proves how  talented Madonna really is, to many fans it will be a very strange song at  first.      Overall my only gripe about the album is Nobody's Perfect and  the use of a vocoder.  Also, I wish Cyberraga would have been included on  this album, its really an awesome song that would please fans of  &quot;Shanti/Ashtanghi&quot;.    But you absolutley must buy this album.
6303704603|5.0|This film, which I saw on the big-screen at the Museum of Fine Arts  Houston cinema venue in 1994, was my first introduction to Austrian  linguistic Philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein.  In 1994 I was also beginning  my graduate studies in German at Rice University.  I was immediately turned  on to Wittgenstein by the film (scripted by noted British marxist literary  critic Terry Eagleton; --I have come to like Eagleton a great deal also)  and have been reading about him and his philosophy ever since.  From what I  have read in Biographies and commentaries by those that knew L.Wittgenstein  personally, the actor(s) protraying this reclusive, quirky Austrian  intellectual do an excellent job in conveying Wittgensteins life,  personality, and yes, even some of his philosophy, to an English speaking  audience.  Definite &quot;High Brow&quot; entertainment, especially for  students of Philsophy and the German Language.
B0000062GE|5.0|i have always loved stabbing westward.  their riffs rock, christopher  hall's voice is haunting yet adds to the whole aura of these dark and  depressing songs.  christopher hall is so hot and i love all their cd's.   you will not regret it if you by this cd which has influenced so many  lives; it has changed mine.
B00004X01U|5.0|cool, this cd is so awesome, and i get to be the first one to review it.  the songs sound so different, like nothing else that's out there.  #1  through #5 are my favorites, they just flow. but all the songs make you  feel so many different emotions at once, it's awesome. me and my friends  picked it up at midnight and i haven't stopped listening to it since, like  three hours ago.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie was the best of the summer. Great acting, plot, and cinematography were the best. This has been my favorite movie so far this  year!
B00003CX6P|3.0|The movie takes its sweet time in getting to the point. There's lush  scenery, but the story falters. Maybe this is because Damon is not that  belivable in his role. I would not buy it, but I would rent it for the  Italian landscape.
0425152251|4.0|This is an excellent novel for both teens and adults.  We slowly learn  about philosophy as Sophie receives lessons from her teacher.  We are given  quite a bit of detail about philosophers as well as what historical factors  influenced them.  This information is sandwiched between a narrative about  Sophie and the mysterious events surrounding her up coming birthday.  Not  only was the ending a surprise but Gaarder keeps you guessing throughout  the book.  There is definitally no formula ending here!  Overall I found  the book to be enjoyable and thought provoking.  I would especially  recommend it for teenagers.  It helps to you to see the world from a  completely different angle.
0783113943|4.0|Money and professional success cannot buy you happiness: this, I reckon,  is the moral of the story. Gia grew up fast and had to deal with many  overwhelming and all-too-adult problems on her own. She could not cope. Her  internal state craved numbness, and so she turned to drugs. From there  there is, as we know, just one way to go...<br />Jolie is superb in this  movie, no question about it. The movie conveys the grit of the real and  less than always glamorous world of modeling. Like in every profession,  sometimes you face difficult situations, and human psyche is fragile, and  often fails in the high pressure professional world, especially when  personal life is not working out. Watch this film.
B00004U8H4|3.0|A lot of people didn't really know what to think about this title. The  name American Psycho made it look rather like a  slasher flick which is  what many people expected it to be. I live in Australia and the original  novel is rated R in Australia which means that anyone under 18 can't buy  the book. When I first heard that it had been made into a movie I was a bit  shocked. If a book was bad enough to earn an R rating then I was wondering  how could they go about screening it. But it turns out that they did a  rather good job. The movie still has the same story and a lot of the  bizarre sex and voilence, but it is not nearly as graphic as the book is.  This does not, however let the movie down in any way. Definatelly a worth  see and a fan of the book may be disappointed because of the lack of gore  but will still probably like it. As a DVD, it was given a fairly ordinary  treatment. Although it has stuning picture and sound quality, the extras a  fairly limited. It has the usual theatrical trailer, a five minute  interview with Christian Bale where he tells us how he became involved  in  the film and how he personally feels about the film, a very short making of  documentary that doesn't really reveal all that much, productions notes and  biographies of the cast and crew. It would have been better if it contained  a commentary track by director Mary Harron and Christian Bale, a longer  documentary and also have a section that tells us how Bret Easton Ellis  feels about the movie. Above all, it is a terrific movie that as an ok DVD  release but it required more extras.
0156528207|5.0|A touching fable of an interstellar guest. It makes you reflect upon  society and its problems. The end is sad and foreshadows the tragic end of  Saint-Exupery's own life. Sensitive, expressive, and pessimistic, and  therefore distinctly French, this book is a must read classic.
B00004W55E|5.0|She is finally back and better than ever. In this world of bubble gum  artists that dominate the charts and airwaves, this diva is a treat for  sore ears. Her voice is so incredible that she could just hum a tune and it  would be ON! I just hate that it took 8 years to hear from this DEEP DIVA.  But I guess true talents take time. Maybe not so long next time. Deep divas  are too few to come by in this age of hyped up buble gum acts...
B00003CWNR|3.0|I know that I represent only a handful of dissenting voices in not  embracing Cider House Rules as a great film. The story may have been set 60  years ago, but it rather to obviously exploits one of the noisily  controversial topic of today, abortion. I know that this movie is also  about growing up and realizing that living by the rules is not always what  is right. But I kind of knew that already and the movie did not offer a new  angle that would make this realization interesing for me. I have lived with  it for a while.
B000001FFJ|5.0|A friend of mine from the UK used to say: &quot;The vast majority of good bands in rock-music come from British Isles, but the US compensate it all  just by having Tom Waits&quot;. America's greatest musician and poet with  perpetual laryngitis has created numerous masterpieces none of which  duplicates another in any way. RAIN DOGS combines a very broad range of  songs and moods as well as accompanying musicians (from Keith Richards to  Greg Cohen). The lyrics is wonderful and the music enters your mind right  away. If you had started your acquaintance with TW listening to his early  albums (CLOSING TIME, HEART OF THE SATURDAY NIGHT,SMALL CHANGE) you can now  appreciate how much he expanded the boundaries of the musical space for his  stories since early 70's.  Two of the songs from this album are used in a  movie by Jim Jarmusch &quot;Down By Law&quot; where TW plays one of the  main characters. Having this album is a must.
0679437223|5.0|I read this when I was eighteen and loved it ever since. I can't count how  many times I have read it. I believe Heller once said that the book was not  really about WWII but about 'the next war'.   That is probably why it  struck such a chord with the Vietnam generation for whom the war was  happening daily on their TV sets.  The surrealism of the novel seemed to be  reproduced in the US Army officer saying about a devastated city 'We  destroyed it in order to save it'. For there is a ferocious paradox in  battle - why don't both sides just run away? This book does not try to  resolve the paradoxes (leave that to Keegan, Grossman, Marshall and the  military historians), it celebrates the 'grunts', the poor bloody infantry  (or air pilots) who just endure the madness, hoping to escape the terrible  combination of circumstances that may demand their deaths. Probably the  soldiers who endured the trenches of WWI might understand Catch-22 better  than those of WWII. Read and be amused, scarified and ultimately humbled.
B00004X01U|5.0|What can I say? At Midnight, I rushed home, to pop Madonna's Music into my  Cd, and intstantly I was blessed with what is going to be my favorite cd I  have bought all year! From the In your Face Hard Thumping Beats of the  funk-a-thon &quot;Music&quot; to the second track &quot;Impressive  Instant&quot; I was hooked! Runaway Lover grooves you with a melodic twist  of disco-trancey sharp beats right away...building you up and then BAM, it  makes you want to put on your fierce Aviator glasses, shake up a Martini,  and puts you in the mood for a night on the town...A new Danceclub smash  when the remixes come out! The sweet sad soft sounds of &quot;I deserve  It&quot; makes you feel like your out in the middle of the desert with the  stars out, driving across country looking for your lost love.....  &quot;Amazing&quot; is nothing short of AMAZING, sounds like Beautiful  Stranger with a cool twist... Madonna then chanels Cibo Motto and Air with  the sensual sound and melodic beats of &quot;WHAT IT FEELS LIKE FOR A  GIRL&quot; <br />This album is filled with lush sounds, ambient beats, funky  fresh hooks, and Madonna's mature and gorgeous voice! I know I will be  listening to it over and over and over, all week! I am glad she did not  recycle Ray of Light and has given us a fresh new album that makes you feel  like you got your money's worth! SHE NEVER FAILS TO IMPRESS!!!
B00004X01U|5.0|What a joy it was to see a new release from Madona. Being a Madona fan I usually buy all of her albums without listening to them. Little did I know that this album would have a totally new sound to it. This is definatly one of her more brave albums and is going to be my new favorite. Over all it could not be a better investment to a Madona fan or someone who dosen't listen to her.
0140186395|5.0|I LOVED THIS BOOK!  At first I thought it would be boring because it was  for school and it is hugh.  But once I started reading, I couldn't put it  down.  I'm only 15 and anything but a reader, but after this novel, I  wanted to learn more about Steinbeck.  This is a book for anyone from a  romantic to a pervert.  You won't regret getting this book.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I didnt know what to expect when i bought this cd but i dont regret my  purchase one bit.  after &quot;the real slim shady&quot; there a still many  good tracks where em shows his talents with words. just dont actually take  anything he says seriously.
0425173755|5.0|A wondefully written mystery. Taken place aboard the Orient Express with a full crew of unlikely murderers, or so it seems. That is until a man is  murdered in his own room. The way of the murder puzzles everyone including  the reader. As you attempt to follow along with the detectives observations  you continue to wonder how could any of these people possibly be a  murderer. You may think you have it, but the ending is sure to be a  surprise.
0449227545|4.0|A friend gave me this book to read, and I wasn't sure what I was in for.  Although, at first, the plot was  hard to believe, but I couldn't put the  book down and kept reading chapter to chapter. I enjoyed it.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|Bj&ouml;rk is fantastic on this album as always. I quite liked listening to this CD, because it is so different from her last albums. It's totally  fresh and I fully recommend this CD to anyone that like Bj&ouml;rk in general.
B00004X01U|4.0|Since 1984 Madonna has remained probably the most important female artist in the music scene and the new c.d. 'Music' should ensure her longevity  well into the new millenium.  Having had the considerable help of William  Orbit on 'Ray Of Light'-which rejuvenated her career, she once again  enlists his help for 'Music'.Added to this she has added French supremo  Mirwais Ahmadzai to keep her at the cutting edge.One of the best parts to  this c.d. is the contrast between the songs done with Orbit and those with  Mirwais.The first two songs belong to Mirwais and they feature the hit  'Music' and another very similar dance track.Then on the 3rd song Orbit  produces 'Runaway Lover'which is another excellent dance track.Almost  within a few seconds of each song you can tell which producer has been  used.Mirwais songs are very like the sounds of Daft Punk-influenced by the  rhythms and synth effects of Kraftwerk and the vocal effects of Herbie  Hancock(and dare I say it ,at times nearly Eiffel 65!).Orbits songs are  more expansive,trance style and quite similar to 'Ray Of Light'.  The first  3 tracks are dance tracks but this is not a dance album.Track 4 'I Deserve  It' is a love song with acoustic guitar and gentle synth effects.The song  starts with the line 'This Guy was meant for me' with the 'Guy' I'm sure  referring to her British Beau-Guy Ritchie of 'Lock,Stock....'fame.Funnily  enough Madonna sounds tired as if she's ready to settle down for good.It's  a very good heartfelt song.Song 5 is an Orbit song and is a sure fire hit  in the making.The guitar riff is very similar to 'Beautiful Stranger'-the  song they made for the Austin Powers movie.It also has a bass riff taken  from a really famous 60's song but I can't remember on what song I heard it  before-but it's very familiar!Song 6 has lots of vocal effects courtesy of  Mirwais again and is another low tempo number.  'Don't Tell Me' was  co-written with the excellent Joe Henry and is another highlight.The song  is based around a disjointed drum machine,acoustic guitar,strings and  synths very like early Human League.Lyrically 'What It Feels Like For A  Girl' is an amazing song.Again it's not a dance track,but it's another  potential hit.Track 9 starts off very,very slowly but when the chorus  arrives it's well worth the wait and I think it's the best song on the  album.The last song 'Gone' is probably the weakest song on the c.d. and  it's a pity to end the 40+ minutes like this. I have to say it's definitely  as good as her last c.d.There is great variety on this c.d. and is well  worth buying.
0156421178|5.0|I am amazed that some (many?) of the reviewers claim that Orwell remained a socialist after his experience in Spain.  I guess they just think it is  intellectual to say they read the book, even if they didn't (or apparently  any of his other works).  This is a great book of this century - do your  mind a favor and read it for yourself.
B00003CX95|5.0|A fabulous movie made better.  The already great movie is enhanced with  the DVD quality picture and sound.  Furthermore the special features  included, such as Mel Gibsons commentary, make this a must have for any DVD  aficionado.
B00003CXE7|5.0|absolutely fantastic movie with very realistic war scenes and a good story. A bench mark in this type of period movie-Ridley Scott is a genius!  and Russell Crowe - COR BLIMEY!
B00000JCOV|5.0|This must be at leat the 20th review I have written on SlipKnot, the 9  masked psychos from Desmoin, Iowa. Their music can only be compared to that  of the basterd child of Cannibal Corpse and KoRn. The music is deeply  desturbing, but also strikingly revealing, much like the members themselfs.  Who are not hiding behind the masks, but rather, showing extentions of  themselfs. U have met the band on 2 occasions, and when I think of the  band, I see the masks at their faces, not a barrier between them and the  fans. This album is the best debut since KoRn's first album and may even  top that. I have been a growing fan since mid 98, when I read about a  growing underground hype for this band called slipknot. When I went to  their site, I didn;t expect to see a musical component made up of 9 members  in coveralls, and rubber masks! this only made me more curious as to what  the music sounded like. The first song I've ever heard was surfacing, and  It blew me away! SlipKnot may not be the most thecnical band (at least not  now, their next album is going to rip!!) but they are no gimic band and  intend on sticking around for a long time! they also worship their fans,  which is more then I can say for a certent red hat wearing loser in another  band! SlipKnot is here to stay, except them or be left behind!
0375701427|3.0|Roth's general plotline is extremely thought-provoking and interesting -  the Swede and his antagonistic, fanatical daughter; his ruminations on what  along the way has caused her to be the way she is.  When the above was part  of the story, I was compelled to read.  However, the other 3/4 of the book  strike me as self-indulgent passages Roth included simply to show just how  well he thinks he writes, and how all-inclusive his research and knowledge  can be.  These passages often trudge along slowly and take the reader away  from the main plot at hand.  This could have been a 5-star, very  disturbing, fascinating study, which at times it is - but altogether, it  walks the line between the aforementioned to being a pompous bore.
0887306667|4.0|This is a very readable and pithy book. But the examples are anecdotal,  and they could have been chosen to further the authors' point. Were the  companies chosen to further the 22 laws, or the other way around? If the  laws are immutable, as they claim, then this is a first-rate book.<br />A lot  of what they claim has been expressed in other books I've read, including  Peter Drucker: such as, keep your product line down to a few items,  managers should be in the trenches, not their executive dining room,  etc.<br />So, I haven't tested what this book advises, so can't say &quot;It's  great&quot;, but if these laws are immutable, then this slim tome could  literally be worth billions of dollars to you.
0871137380|1.0|Blackhawk down, is typical of the ethnocentric junk parlayed by authors  who pretend to be unbiased historians.<br />  Flush from a the Gulf War and  prodded by the American television media, the pompous and arrogant U.S.  military went into Somalia supposedly for &quot;humanitarian&quot; and  &quot;nation building&quot; objectives.<br />  Those objectives quickly  disintegrated into the mass killings of Somali nationals by helicopter  gunship, soldiers and armored vehicles using high velocity weapons; in the  pursuit of Mohammed Farrah Aidid. Our military killed a lot of innocents  and we have nothing to be proud about. The American Media hardly reported  any of this! It was no surprise, that the whole of Mogadishu, the Somali  capital, turned against the US and it's UN allies.<br />  The Rangers and its  Delta force component repeatedly went into Mogadishu hunting for Aidid  using helicopters and fast-rappelling techniques. Once great, twice maybe,  three and four times, what were they thinking? Do these so called  &quot;elite troops&quot; lack the most basic of good military judgment?  What happened to speed and surprise? What happened to varying your approach  to the enemy! The Rangers had TWO THIRDS of their men wounded in action,  many of them seriously.<br />  They came within hours of being wiped out. They  were in fact saved by the courage of Malaysians who using their armored  vehicles saved them. The response of American military and political  officials was to blame the Malaysians saying they had not been quick enough  to respond.<br />  The American media was quick to show some of the 18 Rangers  and Delta Force men, being dragged around and urinated on. They did not  show the hundreds possibly thousands of Somalis who died or suffered  grievous wounds.<br />  Somalis refer to this as the day of the Rangers. Like  Yorktown and Gettysburg for Americans, they will forever remember in their  nation's history, this victory. The Rangers and most Americans too, will  remember this unfortunately not for the shame our military inflicted on our  nation, but because they left wounded and dead men on the battlefield,  something they have vowed they would never do.o, will  remember this unfortunately not for the shame our military inflicted on our  nation, but because they left wounded and dead men on the battlefield,  something they have vowed they would never do.
B00001MXWZ|2.0|I felt dissapointed .I expected another First Contact but it was a not brilliant TV episode.Data seemed to be stupid not funny,Piccard dancing was  terrible and the NCC1701E was unreal.It needed to be more Roddenberry and  less FX.
6305922748|5.0|The funniest movie ever made.  Period.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I haven't had the pleasure of viewing this DVD edition yet since I have yet to own a DVD player. However, I've seen this movie many times and I had  the fortune of visiting Universal Studios Florida and experiencing the T2  3-D attraction (my favorite of ALL  attractions- worth $50 admission) When  I first saw this movie I was 14. I thought it was cool. I'm 24 now and I  see it in a much different light. Despite all the groundbreaking special  effects that helped pioneer the last decade of moviemaking, this movie is  first and foremost, a human story. The last line of the movie speaks to me  about the whole theme of the movie: &quot;If a machine, a terminator can  learn the value of human life, maybe we can too.&quot; This terminator  throughout this movie, through John, has learned what it means to be human:  to feel hurt, anger, fear, and sadness. Because of this learning process,  he becomes half-human at the end of the movie. After this realization, his  actions are even more heroic. He is heroic because he has sacrificed  himself for a higher purpose than even his own existence, he does it for  humankind.  There is so much humanity and spirituality in this movie.  It  is about destiny vs. free will, it is about the dehumanization of humans.  As we become more technologically advanced, we become more inhuman. John  says to the terminator, &quot;We're not going to make it, are we?&quot; To  this, the terminator replies, &quot;It is in your nature to destroy  yourself.&quot; There is such a strong moral fabric in this movie shown to  us by John's ardent, yet inarticulate belief, &quot;You can't kill  people! &quot; In the end, it takes something as inhuman as the terminator  to teach us what is really human about ourselves: loyalty, to care, to love  and respect eachother. No matter how great the special effects, I would not  come back for a second viewing and I would not love this movie as much as I  do without this intensely character driven story. This is better than  anything that I've seen Jerry Bruckheimer come up with. This is first and  foremost a great story that had amazing special effects. With all of the  emotional, spiritual and human angles that this movie incorporates, I've  yet to see another action movie live up to T2 in scope and in vision.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I liked this movie, I thought that it showed what a sacrifice that people have had to make in the past for our country. A lot of times, that  sacrifice noone even knew about.
B000002LFZ|5.0|This post-Peter Green Fleetwood Mac &quot;greatest hits&quot; collection  provides an excellent overview of this incredibly durable supergroup's  biggest successes in the last two and half decades. It's amazing how Mac  has maintained the high quality of their compositions throughout this long  period. I guess having several songwriting members in the group helped.  Does it surprise then that the songs featuring the charismatic Stevie Nicks  on lead vocals work best ? &quot;Dreams&quot;, &quot;Sara&quot;,  &quot;Gypsy&quot; and &quot;Seven Wonders&quot; still sound incandescent  today. That's not to say that the group sound is any less impressive. The  atypical &quot;Tusk&quot; is a stunner, as are several others like  &quot;Everywhere&quot;, &quot;As Long As You Follow&quot; and &quot;No  Questions Asked&quot;. Only the trivial &quot;Little Lies&quot; with its  irritating hook grates, but that's a minor complaint. This is  a masterful  gem-packed collection and the obvious starting point for those just  discovering the group. You can't go wrong with it !
B00002Z88D|4.0|Like most ppl into metal, I grew up on Metallica. I lost interest after the black album, however after listening to these 2 cds while on vacation  in Germany, I got them on my way home. <br />The orchestra adds another  dimension to the music, and takes it to new levels. This sort of thing has  been done before (eg. Therion, Believer), but to hear classics such as For  Whom The Bell Tolls, Master of Puppets, The Call of Ktulu, and Battery  backed by the orchestra was mind blowing!  <br />This is a good starting  point for neophytes, and equally as enjoyable for older fans(such as my  self).   While I really enjoy this live release, it has highlighted for me  one thing which was always in the back of my mind, but I could never quite  put my finger on. That is, Lars Ulrich is one of the crappiest drummers out  there! The phenomenal success of this band has overshadowed this  fact.<br />Mike Portnoy(Dream Theater), Pete Sandoval(Morbid Angel),  Hellhammer(Mayhem), Trym(Emperor) all stand head and shoulders above Lars.  Make no mistake, while I have my beef with Lars, I greatly respect the  contribution Metallica has made to musical history, and have proudly added  S&amp;M to my music collection.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This DVD contains almost the same content as the Pioneer laserdisc box set  released a few years ago.  The laserdisc was considered by many to be the  best LD ever made mainly because of the huge amount of supplementary  material.  This DVD version finally brings this excellent content to the  public in a much more affordable price (the laserdisc cost over  $100).<br />The mammoth supplementary section contains thousands of  still-frames, (some text-only, some text-with-pictures, some linked with  video/audio segments), that chronologically details the making of the film  such as pre-production, casting, visual effects, marketing, promotion, etc.   Described as &quot;6 hours of supplements&quot; on the disc case, in truth  it will take you much longer to absorb all the content.<br />The Guns &amp;  Roses promo music video that was included in the laserdisc's supplements is  not included on this DVD.  The DVD merely contains still shots of the  video.  (This amusing video shows Arnold carrying a gun that is hidden in a  box of roses while attending a concert by, well, Guns &amp; Roses.)<br />The  DVD does include the wonderfully edited promo documentary &quot;The Making  of T2&quot;.  This little gem WAS NOT on the laserdisc.  (Hurray!)<br />There  is a dazzling DVD-ROM feature that lets you view the movie, the script, and  storyboard diagrams all on the same screen. (The script can also be found  in the supplementary section, but it is very hard to navigate through it  due to inadequate chapter stops).<br />There are some &quot;easter eggs&quot;  (hidden features) on this DVD as well, one of them is an &quot;extended  special edition&quot; of the movie that includes 2 scenes omitted in the  special edition -- a scene where the T1000 searches the boy's bedroom, and  an alternate ending set 30 years into the future, featuring an aged Sarah  Conner.  The laserdisc also had these deleted scenes, but this DVD lets you  view the deleted scenes as part of the movie.  Another easter egg is a  collection of Japanese trailers (look for a tiny Japanese flag on one of  the menu screens).<br />The only troubling thing about this DVD is that the  packaging includes a note saying, &quot;Due to the advance features, some  DVD players may have navigational problems.  But it should not affect your  enjoyment in using this disc.&quot;  It's troubling because this sounds  like it's something that SHOULD affect my enjoyment.  It hasn't cause  problems to my DVD player yet, but others have reported problems like  lockups and wacky navigation.
0767824571|4.0|It appears like a bit old movie, probably because DVD version did not  improve any part of the &quot;image technology&quot;. The film imagery  however, compensates it all. It looks to me that the movie is so much like  Great Britain: bit old fashion (!?!?)rich and bold and funny and inteligent  and sarcastic and not so sutle and surreal! It is a movie to be seen many  many times!
067101756X|1.0|I bought this book after hearing its praises sung on a local radio show (WBER, Rochester, NY).  Though I've never been terribly interested in UFO  phenomena, I am a sci-fi fan and thought that this book might shed some  light and interest on a subject I've avoided over the years.<br />Instead, The  Day After Roswell illustrates the whole problem with UFO culture.<br />The few  UFO specials I have seen on TV succeeded in exciting me and opening me to  the possibility of extraterrestrial invaders.  Naturally, TV shows go light  on the evidence in order that they not bog down the viewer.  I can accept  that, and I always assumed that there would be far more evidence presented  if I ever actually dove into the subject.  After hearing how this was the  end-all and be-all of UFO evidence books, I was terribly disappointed at  the amount of name-dropping and the scarcity of documentation.  If  government officials are hiding UFO information &quot;in plain sight&quot;,  as the author claims, I would hope to see documents referenced that I could  look up myself.  Instead, an illegible print of &quot;Project Horizon&quot;  is included as a referential appendix.  Is this supposed to back up  everything for which we've taken the author at his word?  Not to this  discerning reader!<br />My other problem with the book is probably more severe  than the lack of evidence.  It's badly written and _boring_.  Corso (or his  ghost writer) jumps back and forth between pandering melodrama and bone-dry  technical illustration.  Michael Chrichton can pull this off very  well--Phil Corso cannot.  These 300 pages were a bear to plow through, and  at the end I kicked myself for not putting the book down when I saw its  flaws (about 50 pages in, if that).<br />If you're into UFOlogy and need an  &quot;accredited&quot; source to affirm your choice in hobbies, go for it.  It's an interesting concept.  If you're an everage Joe hoping to glom onto  the UFO craze, watch the X-Files.  At least _that_'s entertainment._'s entertainment.
B000002KBU|5.0|I heard Dianne Reeves sing &quot;River&quot; at the MJF this last weekend  (for those of you who attended, she sang this in &quot;Dizzy's Den&quot; on  Friday night).  I didn't realize that the song was from Joni Mitchell's  BLUE album.  I've always loved Joni Mitchell, and I'm excited to get the  album.
B0000039PW|5.0|I bought &quot;Life After Death&quot; and now I own &quot;Ready To  Die&quot; cause I wanted to hear this album cause eveybody is always  telling me to get this album too so I got it and I can only say  &quot;Whoa&quot;. From start to finish this CD kept me entertained and I  love the storytelling especially on the track &quot;Everyday  Struggle&quot;. that has to be on of my all time favorite rap songs ever. I  really enjoyed this man's music and I couldn't wait to listen to the album  over again, i just can't beleive that a man this great died so young and he  had so much to offer the world. I love this album and I recommend it if you  love hardcore rap as well as storytelling cause there's lot's of it in this  album. I loved his album before this one too and i really can't tell which  one I like but I know that this his will live on cause he was loved by many  and I can now understand why so many people like this mans music cause it  was real and it was hardcore which is now accepted by millions.
0783243499|4.0|Bret Easton Ellis' novel was a creepy, frightening portrait of self-aware  yet detached evil. The movie version of &quot;American Psycho&quot;, on the  other hand, is a cleverly drawn social satire, choosing black comedy over  graphic violence to make its point. The movie is closer in spirit to the  similar Jules Feiffer-scripted 1971 classic &quot;Little Murders&quot; than  say, &quot;Friday the 13th, Part VII&quot;. The core subject matter is so  dark and despairing that the occasional laugh-out-loud scenes are quite  welcome when they occur.Christian Bale does an admirable job portraying  Charles Manson as a Yuppie. Those who think Bale is too &quot;pretty&quot;  and smart to play a serial killer should remember that Ted Bundy was  considered an attractive,charming and intelligent person in casual social  situations! Obviously not for all tastes, but a winner for those who enjoy  a twist on the norm.
B00003CXCS|5.0|This DVD is pretty much a duplicate of the 30th Anniversary laserdisc edition made in '95 which contained an extensive supplement section.   Considering the laserdisc cost $120, this DVD is an extremely good  deal.<br />The movie is in widescreen format only.  Some of the extras include  an audio track carrying director's commentary alternating with  &quot;karaoke&quot; style music-only, no-singing track, the 1965 promo  documentary &quot;Salzburg Sights and Sound&quot; that runs 14 minutes, NOT  36 minutes as printed on the back of the DVD case, the 1995 re-release  promo documentary &quot;From Facts to Phenomenon&quot; that runs 86  minutes, and the extensive &quot;Gallery&quot; still-frame section that  details the making of the movie, including first-hand info such as  production memos, letters, telegrams written by the filmmakers themselves.   On nagging problem is that most of the still photos in the still-frame  section look too bright as if they were overexposed during development;  this problem didn't exist in the aforementioned laserdisc.<br />The chapter  listing printed on the included booklet has most of the chapter numbers  printed incorrectly -- chapter 8 is misprinted as chapter 7, chapter 9 as  chapter 8, and so on throughout the entire chapter listing.  I use the  chapter menu on the disc more often than the printed chapter listing, so  this is not a big problem for me.<br />DVD-ROM features include web links,  wallpapers, and a simple game where you guess the musical notes in a song.   Nothing groundbreaking here.<br />This DVD is great for family viewing,  naturally.  And it's loaded with so much extra material that it will also  satisfy hardcore movie fans  who want to know more about the movie's  background, history, anecdotes, and so on.
B00000JG41|5.0|I have never experienced anything like this. Anyone who likes a meal with  variety including dessert will no doubt enjoy this. If you have heard them  before expect something new. These guys are artists not just metalheads on  acid! I believe 'None of Them Knew...' is their ode to swing and 'Ars  Moriendi'is great gypsy music. 'Goodbye Sober Day' and 'Air Cond.  Nightmare' are inventions all to themselves! This must be experienced.  You'll want to hug the band and thank them immensely. Happy shopping.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|Duet with Thom Yorke of Radiohead on &quot;I've Seen It All&quot; is heartbreaking (incredible pairing of the two best vocalists).  This is  essential Bjork.  Only complaint is I want more.
B00003Q438|5.0|This has to be one the best movie ever made. The characters are likeably,  it has a good story, good action, and a love story. Overall this is a great  movie that everyone should own.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|The CD is wonderful...it has all of his greatest songs including some of  his last recordings that would have gone on what would have been a double  record album.  The only one missing is Gypsy Eyes.<br />If you love hendrix  and don't already ahve these songs, this cd is for you.  Also be sure to  check out his &quot;Blues&quot; cd.
0446677450|4.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad is an excellent book about basic life concepts and issues pertaining to work ethics, finances and building assets. Expecially  your mind, which is your most important asset.  It is good to have a  refresher course in self-determination and self-discipline.<br />This book  gives new meaning to the phrase, &quot;mind your own business,&quot; which  translates to mean keep your expenses low, reduce your liabialities and  diligently build a base of solid assets.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Julia Roberts delivers the most intense character of her movie career!  Julia have played mother roles in the past but here, it's dealt with a  realistic, in-depth approach to life. The script's really interesting too  based on a true to life incident. Julia indeed, deserves a Best Actress  nomination in Erin just like in Preety Woman during the 90's. Vulgar  languages are evident in some scenes, Brockovich being an unconventional  character, eventually, it's all done in good taste.
0316777722|4.0|I read this book based on the recommendation of a friend and enjoyed it  tremendously.  What an admirable trait it is to be able to laugh at one's  self.  Sedaris even managed to shed some worldly insight with this  autobiographical piece.  Very well written and funny.  I particularly  enjoyed his experience with the Americans and the train ride in Paris. I  had a similar experience and reading about it was brought back great  memories and laughter.  This is my first read by Sedaris but I'm sure it  won't be the last.  Relax and enjoy it.
B000002LQR|5.0|Take each song by itself and each is a work of art. Every song is  different, every song is great.  This band is second to only the Beatles.    This CD is NOT too long.  It could be 3 hours long and I would never get  sick of it. If Californication is the first RHCP you have purchased,  welcome!  Now go back and get everything else. Crank up your stereo and  listen to Flea's funky rockin' melodic bass, Anthony's nasty, crusty,  blunt, loud chops, John's  independent guitar style and Chad's thunder  romps. Rock and Roll just doesn't get better than this band. Don't listen  to anyone else's icky reviews.  This is art.
B00004T9UF|2.0|... I reviewed this CD when i used to like Eminem. I like him a little now because he  hates all that annoying pop like Britany Spears, *NSYNC, Ricky Martin and  he is very honest about it in &quot;Marshal Mathers.&quot; But he used to  be one of the only rap artists I like because he had some humor in his  brain unlike other rappers. His 1st album was so much better. The songs  were funny and the pictures inside wern't very serious. But in this album,  you'll never see him smiling. Hes always sittin' there frownin. But not  only that, but his songs are so depressing. &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;  isn't, but the rest of it is. &quot;Kill You&quot; is scary and &quot;The  Way I am&quot; is depressing and &quot;Kim&quot; is more scary and more  depressing. Infact, &quot;Kim&quot; is probably the worst song ever made.  If you want an Eminem CD, get &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;. That CD has  hillarious songs on it with funny pictures inside the cover. And that was  back in the days when he never got sued and he wouldn't lash out at people.  ...nd you with some of his lyrics, but he's said  mulitple times, he's just kidding. He doesnt mean everything he says, so  dont get uptight about it.<br />The only track on the enitre album I can say  that I don't LOVE, is Amityville. I like it, but not as much as the others.  Stand-out tracks are &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;The Way I Am&quot;,  &quot;Kim&quot;, &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, and  &quot;Stan&quot;<br />A lot of humor in this album is related to things  mentioned in The Slim Shady Lp, so if you don't have that either, get it so  you can fully enjoy the album. <br />One thing that bothered me was that  Eminem's record label, Interscope, forced Eminem to edit certain things out  of the explicit version of the record. Tracks you can find this on are  &quot;I'm Back&quot;, &quot;Kim&quot;, &quot;Criminal&quot;, and  &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;.<br />Anyway, to those of you who say that Eminem  has no talent, or that he is just a fad, you obviously no nothing about  hip-hop or rap. Eminem is here to say, whether you like it or not.
B00001NFCY|2.0|At first, i liked Creed. They make melodic and well produced hard rock. Then, i came to realise that they shouldn't be appreciated that much, for a  simple reason: Their music is made according to a formula, conceived (and  deserted) long ago, by some bands that we all know, the most obvious of  which is Pearl Jam - which shifted to new musical directions ages ago and  constantly tries to evolve artistically. Creed,on the other hand, play it  safe and cash in on some current post-grunge nostalgia. Nothing is original  in their music - not the feel, not the melodies, not the guitar sound and  arrangements...all heard before. The lyrics are religious and state that  Jesus Christ is the only solution to problems time and again. And Scott  Stapp's voice - well he almost got me convinced he was Eddie Vedder doing  community work at church. If you have patience listening to an Eddie Vedder  clone singing about how praying to God brought him to &quot;Tears of  joy&quot; over a playback of  already-heard-before-early-nineties-like-grunge - God bless you. For the  rest of you, go out and buy Pearl Jam's &quot;Ten&quot; if you don't  already have it, or try out some of PJ's latest live CDs. Creed is a feast  of narrow-mindness and conformism. Peace to you all!
079213690X|5.0|There are people who like war films and there are others who don't. This movie has a little bit of every genre: adventure, romance, war and  suspense. The leading actors are all superb, with Mel gibson turning in  perhaps his greatest role. Wonderful movie, well deserved Academy Awards  for Best Picture and Director.
B000002MTR|5.0|This CD is great. Stop trying to say just because Dave is on this one that  it's not this-or-that.  ALL the RHCP guitarists have way more than pulled  their weight and served MY listening needs.  It is what it is, and it's a  f-ing great recording.  You must have this CD in your RHCP collection, if  not your entire collection.<br />RHCP rule.
B00000DBXL|5.0|This album is much better than Fashon Nugget, which was hard to beat.  It  has querky lyrics and snazzy beats.  Its a wonderful compilation of  differant sounds.  &quot;Never there,&quot; the radio hit, is deffinately  not the best on this album.  You've got to hear &quot;You turn the  Screws,&quot; an ironic song about business and politics; &quot;Satan is my  Motor;&quot; &quot;Guitar&quot; and &quot;Let me go,&quot; which are both  interesting looks at relationships; and my personal favorite &quot;Hem of  your Garment.&quot;  This album is ABSOULTELY WONDERFUL!  I highly  reccomend buying it right now.
B00003CXE7|5.0|When it comes to these kind of movies, we can not forget the Epics of the 50s such as 'Ben Hur' and 'Qvo Vadis'. But when a movie is filmed in your  homeland and is all over the press then one must see it. <br />It is a long  movie, so you will need to upgrade to a larger size popcorn for this one.  The storyline has some similarities to the 50's epic 'Ben Hur', but  'Gladiator' leaves 'Ben Hur' to eat dust. The advancement in technology and  special effects are in Gladiator's advantage but so is the casting. We all  remember the artificialness of Charlton Heston's performance but Russell  Crowe is one heck of an actor and he deserves an oscar for his role as  General Maximus. <br />And of course I still have not mentioned that the movie  was filmed in my beloved Malta. Although one must really work hard in  identifying the shots that where filmed in Malta there are quite a few and  the side of the bastions gives it in. And of course the credits give thanks  to 'The Government and People of Malta'.
B00003CWL5|3.0|This is not one of the greatest movies ever made. In fact, I think it is disturbing and overacted. There are some valuable truths to it, though! The  film seems to touch upon every subject people are conscerned about today  and it has the ability to make any viewer think about his/her disfunctional  streak in his/her personality. Kevin Spacey is very good as Lester, but  Annette Bening was mistakingly nominated for an Academy Award for her  performance. I'm just glad she lost the award, because she did display a  good deal of overacting in this film.
B000000WG4|5.0|When I first listened to this album, I immediatley knew it would be one of my favorites. I've had it for only a month now, but I've played it nearly four times a week - that's rare for me. One time I brought it to a party and some friends of mine played it around 8 times nonstop, we liked it that much.    1st Movement: the piece starts out with a slightly nervous piano theme then builds and builds using the instruments of Oldfield's &quot;Rock Orchestra&quot;. The mood gets more and more tense, finally breaking and flowing into the    2nd Movement. Distorted Guitar and Taped Motor Drive Amplifier Organ Chord. Upward and Onward the music swells, thundering and crashing into a tense solo guitar that can't support itself under the weight of what's gone before.    3rd Movement: A long, dreamy solo for Guitar that swings back and forth like a pendulum. But again, this collapses into &quot;The Sound Of A Train Running To The End Of Its Tracks&quot;.    4th Movement: This begins with some distant bells that bring in the longest bass solo I've ever heard - something like five minutes straight. Just when you're about to fall asleep, the instruments are introduced, one by one, to climax with one of the greatest rock endings of all time. Wow. Magnificent.
B00003CXE7|5.0|From the opening scene, I knew that this was going to be an incredible movie. I wont't give away any plot twists, but the acting, directing,  cinematography, and special effects were all top notch. it reminded me of  Ben-Hur the most, and it's equally as good. Whether you own a dvd player or  a vcr, this movie will  look faboulous. I know all this has been said  before, but I just wanted to get my piece in. I promise: at the very least,  you will find this to be a rousing epic worth at least 2 trips to the  rental store. Look for this at next year's Oscars/golden globes!
B00004X01U|5.0|I must say that this is a cd that you have to get used to after listenning  to it a few times! But once you get used to it you can listen to it about  a-1000000 times! This is one of the best cd's i've ever got in my life! But  offcourse nothing surpasses her album &quot;Ray of light&quot;! That was  the no. 1 cd in the world! But still this cd is in my top-5! In fact it was  released earlier because people couldn't wait to get it here in Belgium! So  it got released 3 days before it was supposed to! I love the way Madonna  keeps changing her image in every other cd she releases! No other artist  does that!
B00004Z4TT|5.0|Spike Jonze's first feature film is spectacular.  The fantasy world of mystery that he creates is amazing.  The humor added by the Seven and  Halfth Floor, the home base for the company that John Cusack comes to work  for.  Everyone who works there has to walk around crouched, and they have  to pry open the elevator door to get in.  Cameron Diaz is barely  recognizable as Cusack's wife, and her performance is great.  Not as good  as her Any Given Sunday performance, but good.  Catherine Keener is Max,  Cusack's ambitious, ruthless co-worker.  Cusack, a part time puppeteer,  finds a secret doorway in his office, after dropping a file behind a  cabinet, and having to move it out of the way.  He enters the doorway, and  is instantly transported inside the head of actor John Malkovich, played  by(imagine that)John Malkovich.  After fifteen minutes of seeing things  through Malkovich's eyes, without him knowing it, he is dropped out of the  sky onto the side of the road on the New Jersey Turnpike.  Complications  arise when Max finds out about it, and wants to sell tickets to people at  two hundred dollars apiece to do it for themselves, and Malkovich finds  out, betrayed by Max, whom he begins dating after she calls him at home,  asking him to meet her at dinner.  The love quadrangle between Cusack,  Diaz, Keener, and Malkovich is hilarious.  This is a great debut film for  Spike Jonze.  Nominated for Supporting Actress(Keener), and Best Original  Screenplay Academy Awards.
0767805712|5.0|This movie brings a lot of questions up that are only just now becoming serious topics of discussion. The basic question is the fundamental  question of free will vs destiny. Here we have genetics playing the part of  destiny and human spirit playing the part of free will. Can you exceed your  genetic predispositions? Is a person more than a sequence of nucleotides?  Where is privacy when flakes of skin reveal our deepest secrets? All these  and my favorite, self inflicted eugenics, are explored in this tale of  love, deciept, courage, and hope. Now that DNA testing is well entrenched  in our society you owe it to yourself to watch this movie and consider its  implications in *your* lifetime.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I don't care what the other reviews say, Creed is a great band. People  just complain too much, since they're narrow minded and have nothing better  to do.To me and a lot of other people I know Creed is distinctive, with  vocals that get your attention and driving guitars. If you you like a great  produced cd, filled with talent pick this one up.
B000000WA2|4.0|From 1992 to 1995, Blur was consistent in its ability to release better  music than any other band in Britain (or for that matter America--how many  good bands can you name that are still around from that same time period?)  &quot;Modern Life Is Rubbish&quot; was excellent, but merely paved the way  for the masterpiece that was &quot;Parklife&quot;. The following year the  band followed up with &quot;The Great Escape&quot;, which was at once a  departure from their usual work as well as a rehash of previous material.  (A good example of the former is &quot;The Universal&quot;, and for the  latter check out &quot;Top Man&quot;, which is really just a slowed-down  &quot;Tracy Jacks&quot;.) You could tell they were running out of ideas  with this album, but it doesn't stop you from listening to it with the same  enthusiasm as their previous CDs. Buy it, you won't be disappointed. Top  tracks: 1,2,4,5,7,10,12-15.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this CD on a gut instinct and now, I can't stop listening to it.  BUY IT!!!
B00004X01U|5.0|&quot;Music&quot; marks Madonna's comeback to the music scene since the  release of her milestone &quot;Ray of Light&quot; album. During her hiatus  from the world of music, Madonna took time to star in films (the  unsuccessful &quot;The Next Best Thing&quot;), give birth to son Rocco, and  expand Maverick Record's success by announcing plans to open up a Latin  music division in Miami. However, music is what made Madonna a star, and  with this album, &quot;Music&quot; surely will get her fans together to  celebrate her return.<br />Produced by French-techno wiz Mirwais Ahmadzai and  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; collaborator, William Orbit, &quot;Music&quot; is  a combination of electronica, mixed in with a bit of folk music. While many  probably can't picture Madonna doing something as folk, she does succeed  with such songs as &quot;Gone,&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Perfect.&quot;  While she is no Jewel when it comes to folk, she still does a great job in  capturing and mastering any musical style that happens to find itself in  her way. <br />The album's title track, which is already in heavy rotation on  radio stations and television, has a highly addictive groove that will  remind many what made Madonna famous. With a highly stylish video directed  by &quot;Ray of Light&quot; director Jonas Akerlund, &quot;Music&quot; is  guaranteed to be Ms. Ciccone's next number one hit. You can take the girl  out of the world of dance music, but you can't take dance music out of the  girl. <br />&quot;Impressive Instant&quot; is another song that surely will  capture the admiration of electronica fans everywhere. This song, also  produced by Mirwais, is a blend of Madonna's vocals going through a string  of changes blended with some of the best electronica to come out of France.  <br />Other songs such as &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; and &quot;What It Feels  Like For A Girl,&quot; are guaranteed to be hits within the near future. If  you loved her previous album, than &quot;Music&quot; should be added to  your music library as soon as possible. Ms. Ciccone is the ultimate Queen  B! Jennifer Lopez and Lil' Kim can't even come close to her in anything  they do. Unlike Madonna, they will never get the ultimate diva status  Madonna has acquired after years of experience in the music scene.  <br />&quot;Music&quot; is a must have for any Madonna fan!
B00003CXHJ|5.0|Hey alot of clowns gave this movie a bad review in the amazon.com customer review. They take this movie to seriously. Its Hollywood, its a movie. IF  YOU LIKE ACTION MOVIES, THEN THIS IS ONE YOU WILL LIKE. Hey Private Ryan  was a very good movie. But the opening scene was not as grusome as it  really was in the actual event. Hey UK, the ending showed the list which  included the Brits. Hey its Hollywood, ITS A MOVIE.
038533348X|5.0|I picked up CC after a friend recommended SH5, which I read and enjoyed.  Vonnegut's sly, subtle wit will probably strike many at first as just  cynicism, but the character's all have heart.  Ironically in all of the  absurdity of Vonnegut's characters and stories, he manages to capture more  of humanity than any author I've read in quite some time.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is the must have disc for anyone wondering what the hype is over DVD.  Artisan has done a bang up job on this ultimate edition, which contains  both the original theatrical version and the special edition which has  multiple deleted scenes. The menu screen alone is exhaustive and  imaginative, replicating the interior of the Cyberdine.  Every aspect of  the film is covered extensively from preproduction through marketing of the  film with interviews with the cast and crew. There's also a &quot;making  of&quot; the T2-3D attraction that's housed at both Universal Studios in  Hollywood and Florida.-No video here, simply pictures and text.  The DVD  also comes with a booklet (much needed to break everything down) that has  chapter listings for both the original and special edition, and a  collectors metal slip case that wraps around the case. The movie, after  almost ten years, holds up really well, with the special effects still  something to marvel at. Even the THX opening has been  &quot;Terminatorfied&quot;.  If you're on the fence about it, trust me,  it's worth every penny. It's too bad all DVD's weren't approached with such  care. Although if they were,there'd be no reason to leave the house.
B00004X01U|5.0|&quot;Music&quot; marks Madonna's comeback to the music scene since the  release of her milestone &quot;Ray of Light&quot; album. During her hiatus  from the world of music, Madonna took time to star in films (the  unsuccessful &quot;The Next Best Thing&quot;), give birth to son Rocco, and  expand Maverick Record's success by announcing plans to open up a Latin  music division in Miami. However, music is what made Madonna a star, and  with this album, &quot;Music&quot; surely will get her fans together to  celebrate her return.<br />Produced by French-techno wiz Mirwais Ahmadzai and  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; collaborator, William Orbit, &quot;Music&quot; is  a combination of electronica, mixed in with a bit of folk music. While many  probably can't picture Madonna doing something as folk, she does succeed  with such songs as &quot;Gone,&quot; and &quot;Nobody's Perfect.&quot;  While she is no Jewel when it comes to folk, she still does a great job in  capturing and mastering any musical style that happens to find itself in  her way. <br />The album's title track, which is already in heavy rotation on  radio stations and television, has a highly addictive groove that will  remind many what made Madonna famous. With a highly stylish video directed  by &quot;Ray of Light&quot; director Jonas Akerlund, &quot;Music&quot; is  guaranteed to be Ms. Ciccone's next number one hit. You can take the girl  out of the world of dance music, but you can't take dance music out of the  girl. <br />&quot;Impressive Instant&quot; is another song that surely will  capture the admiration of electronica fans everywhere. This song, also  produced by Mirwais, is a blend of Madonna's vocals going through a string  of changes blended with some of the best electronica to come out of France.  <br />Other songs such as &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; and &quot;What It Feels  Like For A Girl,&quot; are guaranteed to be hits within the near future. If  you loved her previous album, than &quot;Music&quot; should be added to  your music library as soon as possible. Ms. Ciccone is the ultimate Queen  B! Jennifer Lopez and Lil' Kim can't even come close to her in anything  they do. Unlike Madonna, they will never get the ultimate diva status  Madonna has acquired after years of experience in the music scene.  <br />&quot;Music&quot; is a must have for any Madonna fan!
B0000027RL|5.0|I decided I had better contribute to the list of glowing reviews for  &quot;Ten&quot;.        There are only a few rock albums I place in the  five star category... Nirvana Nevermind, Led Zeppelin IV, Metallica Master  of Puppets, etc.<br />   Eddie Vedder is a classic voice, Mike McCready is a  classic guitar talent, Stone Gossard is a classic riff-writer, Jeff Ament  is a classic backbone, and only some of the best drummers in the biz have  been priveleged enough to rock with them.<br />   Once is a soaring,  spectacular opening.  Alive and Even Flow are veritable anthems.  Black is  a lovely singalong.  Release is a brilliant way to end an album.  <br />    It's classic rock for my generation.. I hope.  I'm disappointed that this  new group of kiddies won't be lucky enough to look back on PJ and others  with the same appreciation.  They have... let's see, Kid Rock?  Limp  Bizkit?<br />   I like all PJ's albums, but this one captures them in their  most energetic, and unbridled form.
B000005YZM|5.0|Having monumental hits in 'She's Not There' and 'Tell Her No' in 1965, the  Zombies called it quits after four years due to dwindling bank accounts and  nonexistent public interest. BUT not before they recorded the remarkable  &quot;Odessey And Oracle&quot;.   First off, I think this album actually  wavers between 4-stars and 5-stars. It's not a revolutionary album because  the innovations prevalent here were already used on the Beatles' &quot;Sgt  Pepper&quot; album and various Beatles singles throughout 1967. And yet,  the songwriting and musicianship are first class.That leaves &quot;Odessey  And Oracle&quot; to being reactionary--but reactionary in the best sense of  the word.   One could hardly blame the Zombies for that. After escaping  artistic imprisonment in Manila, Rod, Chris, Colin, Paul and Hugh must have  been in awe of the magical sounds coming over the airwaves and pressed in  the grooves of vinyl when they got back to the Western world. &quot;Odessey  And Oracle&quot; reflects this awe in that you hear influences of different  artists. For instance, one could hear a bit of the Beatles (especially  since the album was recorded directly after &quot;Sgt Pepper's Lonely  Hearts Club Band&quot;)in 'Care Of Cell 44' and 'A Rose For Emily', a bit  of Procol Harum in 'Beechwood Park', and a little bit of the Doors in 'Time  Of the Season'. That said, NEVER does the Zombies' own identity get lost in  being copycats. The songs all retain those ethereal and otherworldly  qualities that make the Zombies' trademark sound. It was a new and improved  Zombies.   And yet, &quot;Odessey And Oracle&quot; was recorded under what  many would consider dire circumstances. Their contract with Decca expired,  they signed up with CBS on a trial basis, CBS allowed only enough money to  mix the album in mono (the stereo mix came out of Rod's and Chris' royalty  money)and Colin, Hugh and Paul were running out of money. Being one of the  first non-EMI artists to record at the famed Abbey Road studios, the  Zombies had to record around everybody else's schedule and had to high tail  it out of the studio when an EMI artist was ready to record (in fact, it is  rumoured that workers made off with a piano in the midst of the Zombies  laying down a vocal track!) Plus, at a time of psychedelic extravagance,  the Zombies had access to a limited array of instruments (no sitars, tablas  or 41 piece orchestras here folks). Lesser artists would have either fallen  flat on their faces or given up.   I think that these circumstances and  limitations actually benefited the music. The limited studio time forced  them to make quick but intelligent decisions about songwriting and  arrangements (their greatest strengths). The Zombies had to write their  songs, learn them quickly, and decide on an arrangement BEFORE going into  the studio. Also, the revolving use of piano, organ, harpsichord, harmonium  and mellotron (and their various combinations) actually helped to create  aural continuity (as opposed to conceptual continuity in &quot;Sgt  Pepper&quot;) throughout the album. In that respect,&quot;Odessey&quot;  DOES compare to the Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; album.   The  highlights of &quot;Odessey And Oracle&quot; are the shimmering 'Beechwood  Park', the gorgeously melancholic 'A Rose For Emily', the psychedelic 'Hung  Up On a Dream', the choir like sounds of 'Changes' and the spooky anti-war  ballad 'Butcher's Tale (Western Front 1914).&quot; I'm sure many will find  their own favourites here.   &quot;Odessey And Oracle&quot; is like a  tribute album to the sounds of 1967 and is enjoyable listening. The Zombies  grabbed on to these sounds and vibes and recorded this wonderful echo of  the psychedelic era. And now, with Big Beat providing us with both mono  (which has never been available here in the States) and stereo mixes of  this album, we get a whole new perspective on this fabulous echo.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|I did like it, some people didn't like it, usually I dont like Nicolas Cage to much but I did like his performance in this film, the cars were hot  and the other actors were fun. Last seen was fabulous.
6301208773|5.0|this is the best movie ever made. Whatever. yeaah. OK
B00004T8RK|2.0|I have to admit I'm surprised at how well this album seems to have been  received, by both fans and critics.  As for me, I've enjoyed all five of  PJ's previous albums a great deal, only to find their latest strangely  underwhelming.  &quot;God's Dice,&quot; &quot;Grievance,&quot;  &quot;Evacuation,&quot; and especially &quot;Rival&quot; (the album's low  point) sound ugly and tossed-off, with Vedder's increasingly  indifferent-sounding vocals grating against already-grating arrangements;  &quot;Parting Ways&quot; and &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; are meandering  bores; and &quot;Soon Forget&quot; showcases Vedder at his most blandly  didactic.  The slightly better &quot;Nothing as It Seems,&quot;  &quot;Breakerfall,&quot; and &quot;Light Years&quot; still sound like an  okay B-sides, a sad comedown for a band known for its excellent B-sides.   On the plus side, &quot;Insignificance&quot; works as a twitchy, propulsive  rocker, and I like the way &quot;Of the Girl&quot; bottoms out into a  haunting chorus.  Even these highlights, though, only manage to be as good  as the least memorable songs on previous PJ outings; a fair-to-middlin'  track like &quot;Mankind&quot; from No Code or &quot;No Way&quot; from  Yield would still outclass anything here, and something like &quot;Brain of  J&quot; or &quot;Tremor Christ&quot; (still not even close to Pearl Jam's  best songs) would just about blow this album away.  The band just doesn't  sound like it cares very much, I think.  Hopefully this is only a misstep  and not the beginning of a downward trend; I'm willing to give a great band  the benefit of the doubt, and I still look forward to their next release.
0792110188|4.0|Splendid class-A western of the good old entertaining kind.First class  title-song and music and relaxed, enjoyable acting by Wayne, Mitchum and  James Caan. Hunnicutt not as funny as Brennan was in Rio Bravo.Christopher  George makes great villain. Delightful friendly/ironic approach to getting  older and vulnerable. All in all: note quite as good as Rio Bravo - but  indeed in the same league.
B000001G16|5.0|Acoustic, electric or Banjo for all I care, Richie can make it sing!   Personally, I think Richie has better vocals than Jon Bon Jovi.  But Jon  was what the group needed in a front man in the 80's.  In this album,  Richie breaks out and shows why he is THA' MAN.  His vocals are beautiful,  and show that even Rock n' Roll can have a smooth, inspirational voice.   His range is awesome.
6301967992|5.0|WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL ME AND MY SISTERS WOULD WATCH THIS MOVIE. UNTIL I  SAW THIS SIGHT I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHOEVER KNEW ABOUT THIS MOVIE.  I AM SOOOO.. GLAD I FINALLY FOUND IT. THIS IS ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAV  MOVIES. SHARON TATE WAS FAB ON THIS MOVIE. I LOVED THE PART WHEN EVERYONE  COMES OUT OF THE GRAVES FOR THE BALL. YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS MOVIE. IF YOU  LOVED  OLD TIME MOVIES YOU'LL LOVE THIS. YOU WON'T BE SORRY.
B00004X01U|4.0|I had time to review the whole album.  I've taken the liberty to rename  some of the tracks...<br />Track 1: &quot;Music&quot; I give it an 8 It's  rockin.  I hate the video.  I lived through that time period and I didn't  like the style then and I don't like it now.<br />Track 2: &quot;I'm in a  Trance&quot; I give it a 9 It could be my favorite track.<br />Track 3:  &quot;It doesn't Pay&quot; 8 It's got a good beat and you can dance to  it<br />Track 4: &quot;This Guy&quot; FEH 3<br />Track 5: &quot;Beautiful  Stranger part 2&quot;  I actually don't think it sounds that much like  &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;    I give it a 6<br />Track 6: &quot;Nobody's  Perfect&quot; Has some Beatles rip off type stuff going on. But I still  only give it a 4<br />Track 7: &quot;Sweet Home Alabama&quot;  6<br />Track 8:  &quot;What it's like to be a girl&quot; Monotonous 5<br />Track 9: &quot;Love  to love you Baby&quot; 1<br />Track 10:  &quot;Madonna Unplugged&quot; 5<br />I  used to be able to tell you what was going to hit and what would not.  But  I no longer have my finger on the pulse.  Good Luck Madonna your no Britney  Spears.  Thank God.  What?!?
630179849X|4.0|Not quite as good as Rio Bravo and El Dorado, Hawks last western is still  quality material and recommendable because of story-line and the presence  of Wayne and Elam. Jorge Rivero and Christopher Mitchum make very weak  sidekicks but the girls are a delight to watch! Although slightly  disappointing compared to Rio Bravo and El Dorado still worth buying. 3 and  a half star!
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna's new album &quot;Music&quot; is by far the most artistically  interesting work to come from mainstream pop this year.  After being  bombarded by &quot;teen queens&quot; and &quot;boy bands&quot;, the  follow-up album to the highly successful &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is a  breath of fresh artistic air. The new material is introspective,  thought-provoking, and challenging.  Musically, Madonna has once again  taken underground sounds and transformed them into mainstream gems.  With  the help of producers Mirwais and William Orbit, she has taken the work she  accomplished with &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and gone further into the  electronic musical genre. If you are looking for more of what the smash  single &quot;Music&quot; has to offer, this album is not the place to look.   However, the rest of the album stands solidly on its own apart from the  first track as soulful, funky, folky, and definitely inspiring.  Contrary  to other criticisms, the use of vocoder in &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;,  and the electronic manipulation of the musical tracks does not detract from  Madonna's well-written lyrics.  The vocals and the music intertwine to form  a sound that may be challenging for the general music listener, which may  be detrimental to generating airplay or selling singles.  But for those of  us who enjoy music for what it offers us artistically, &quot;Music&quot;  not only outshines &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, but it challenges mainstream  music listeners to listen to something outside of the common pop formula.  This is grown-up Madonna, with grown-up lyrics and music to match.   Hopefully, Madonna fans and other listeners have grown along with her in  order to understand the place of valor this album should take in one's CD  collection.
B00004X01U|4.0|In &quot;I Deserve It&quot;, Madonna takes pause to reflect on the current state of her &quot;Music&quot;: &quot;Many roads I have traveled/fallen  down along the way/many hearts, many years have unraveled/leading up to  today/and I thank you/&quot;. <br /> Madonna and her creative-not to mention  personal-trajectory has led us to this place in 'Music&quot;-her eighth  studio release-where the icon comes full-circle relying often on the  precepts of her earlier  work to chart a course through this most  understated, post-modern, minimalist, and intimately candid work of her  career that at the same time will prove most challenging to her fans who  will see Mo in a new 'light'.<br />No other Madonna album so aptly follows its  predecessor as &quot;Music&quot; does on the heels of &quot;Ray of  Light&quot;. The critically acclaimed '98 set was itself stylistically a  giant leap from '94's &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot;, the set on which Madonna  began to once again delve into contemporary electronica-on tracks  &quot;Sanctuary&quot; and &quot;Bedtime Story&quot;. Seldom had so intimate  a portrait of the artist been delivered until &quot;Inside of Me&quot;;  though direct and unabashedly simple, it was itself a milestone track in  that it merged her old-school simplicity with current trends in  electronica. <br /> Not since the eponompusly titled debut, had she come  across so uncomplicated and sincere. In terms of musical direction,  however, Madonna has always been the chameleon. Though on some level, there  was a always a logical progression from one release to the subsequent one  sonically, there was never a clearly definitive &quot;Madonna&quot; sound  that carried from one Madonna album to the next-the matters that make the  artist's work more profound and legendary. For instance, the grittier  aspects of &quot;Erotica&quot; gave way to the softer R and B tones of  &quot;Bedtime Stories; she may have employed Patrick Leonard on &quot;Like  a Prayer&quot; then on &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, but his contributions on  each were distinct. <br />However, &quot;Music&quot; is the next phase in this  chameleon's evolution, and it is not a jump, radical departure, or a  calculated dallaince into some fad, but an artistic commitment that was  established on the predecessor &quot;Ray of Light&quot;-and to some degree  the opuses that preceded it. It is as if this arc is the natural,  unaffected next step. Where &quot;Ray of Light&quot; used electronica as  sonic underpinnings for its compositions, its use on &quot;Music&quot; is  more essential to the lyricism at hand-again a natural progression, not a  forced one; even the William Orbit collaborations are tighter-for those who  found the &quot;Ray of Light&quot; collection more airy and atmospheric  than buoyant musically as is so often the case with his solo work. Orbit  cut &quot;Amazing&quot; owes much to &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;, while  simulatenously evoking '80s trends that Madonna bore witness to: think of  &quot;My Sharona&quot; guitar-licks by the Knack meets one of the two  Romantics songs &quot;Talking In Your Sleep&quot;. The vaccuous opening   lyrics of &quot;Skin&quot; -recall &quot;Do I know you from somwhere/why do  you leave me wanting more/why do all the things I said/sound like the  stupid things I said/before?&quot;-are akin to the downright silly lyric on  &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;: &quot;It doesn't pay to be a runaway lover/it  doesn't pay to give away what you lack/you'll never get your money back.  Definitely working with Orbit must be the impetus for such levity. However,  this Orbit collaboration is more similar musically to the in-your-face  material on Madonna's &quot;Erotica&quot;, and a very proves an infectious  space-age jam that is club ready.<br /> On  &quot;I Deserve It&quot;, the  mini-diary of her life, reverberating and converging sirens courtesy of  Mirwais Ahmadzai almost exponentially increase in a flurry-a perfect  musical metaphor for thereverberations and controversies and backlash  therein she has been party to and has come to terms with. The Cher-like  &quot;Believe&quot; vocal distortions on &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; in  combination with the clattering and clanging also courtesy of Ahmadzai are  the perfect complement to the sincerity, directness, and sense of dejection  in the vocal and lyrics; not since her debut in '83 has she sounded at once  so vital and yet so unaffected with such electronic finesse. Undoubtedly,  the brilliant title-cut &quot;Music&quot; is meant to evoke that period of  &quot;Everybody&quot; or &quot;Holiday&quot;.<br /> On the electro-funk of   &quot;What It Feels Like For a Girl&quot; she evokes her earlier work on  the similarly avant-garde feminist power anthem &quot;Borderline&quot;. The  chic-that is, chic as an in the adjective- multi-dimensional commentary  about women, men's perception of women, and how it affects their perception  of themselves that is itself a vicious circle conveys through its use of  swirling and swooshing effects in their appearance in the chorus the  singular universality and resounds from the recesses of the female  conscience, without resorting to a diatribe.<br /> &quot;Paradise (Not For  Me)&quot;, the composition that is very much akin to the revelatory  &quot;Drowned World&quot; in which she revels in and ultimately debunks the  myth of her decadent material world, finds her once again visiting the  territory of-now think the video- &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;: an  intriguingly minimalist lyric prevails throughout that concisely examines  the struggle to recapture the innocence in God's eye's that we all once had  before we had all fallen, and the struggle to reconcile the need for  salvation with the immediacy of attention that love-namely sexual  expressions thereof provide. One never knows whom she ultimately embraces:  the lover or the lord. Religious ecstasy is tied up with sexual ecstasy a  la &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;.<br />Newly embraced is a sort of a post-modern  acousticism in &quot;I Deserve It&quot; and &quot;Gone&quot; a &quot;Live  to Tell&quot; dirge that embraces a folkish sensibility that makes the  meshing of electronica and folk all the more innovative, while &quot;Don't  Tell Me&quot; is the funkiest folk song ever heard a la Prince's  &quot;7&quot; or a la Beck's &quot;Where it's At&quot;. On some level,  Madonna is able to erase the stereotype that electronica cannot be anything  other than a cold medium or a windowdressing  by using it as am essential   backdrop against a seemingly opposing style that radiates intimacy through  different stages of the album: folk. Never before has she been such a  trailblazer , and the  cowgirl imagery visible on the cover lends  credibility to the stake she wishes to claim.  In it,she casts herself in a  role seemingly uncharacteristic of one who has many reasons to be jaded by  the fame, success, and controversy her career has brought her.  She  innocently and in plea of refreshing jubilance implores  her new love-or  the critics depending on your interepretation:&quot;Tell Me everything I'm  not but/please don't tell me to stop/. She clearly has ben invigorated by  her path-both personally and professionally.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is the best musical effort ever.  The melodies contained are absolutely unique and unheard of up til now.  Tracks such as Paranoid  Android evoke feelings and moods only evident in deep emotional  sabbaticals.  Symphonic seems fitting for the overall feel of the album.   Thom Yorke has taken astride to pleasing his fans while at the same time  breaking new ground.  Telling a story of life and the effect society has on  it, ok computer is an album with absolute potential likable by fans of any  music.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is a GREAT movie. It was excellent special effects and a very good plot. This is my favorite movie, rossul crowe leads an excellent role  for his character. If you don't like a lot of gore, maybe this isn't the  best choice, but on the other hand, if u haven't seen it, your missing out.
B000002J5K|5.0|The movie was fantasic, and so is the sound track. It is a must for anyone that likes the Blues Brothers.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Asking people about which Mission Impossible is better is hard question. Because the first had more of a plot and development but not as much  action. But the second one has less of a plot and development but  blistering with highly stylized action. So lets get down to it. In MI2  megastar Tom Cruise is back as super agent Ethan Hunt who hires spy Nyah  played by the ravishing Thandie newton where they must both stop terrorist  Sean Ambross who is carring a deadly virus.<br />Written by legendary Robert  Towne famous for ChinaTown and Without Limits more or less is not tredding  new water but old waters. Because although it is clever in some parts. In  others it uses old plot twists and stories. In a nutshell it is a glorified  James Bond movie. <br /> But where the story fails it is made up with highly  stylized action sequences from famed action director John Woo. From the  opening mountain climbing sequence to the awesome motorcycle chace sequence  between Ethan and Sean. The impressive stunts and the rocking soundtrack  makes this movie fly but it needs more story.
6303921248|5.0|As a huge fan of Jane Austen i must say that this movie is in fact one of my absoult favorites! Along with Emma and sence and sencesibility i can  watch it over and over agian and never get board.i think that this a  wonderful movie and if you are a fan of Jane Austen and  have not yet seen  it you don't know what you are missing and should really see it!
B00004Z1GH|5.0|This is one of those DVD's every mind taking away lover should have. First of all the movie itself was really great, it took me from the reality in a  way no movie ever did. When it was finished I was dazzled and had to come  back to reality. About the dvd, the picture quality was good: sharp and no  noticeble artifacts. About the sound, sometimes a bit too sharp, but good  placed and it sounded well. So if you love this kind of movies, GO ON AND  BUY IT
B00003CX95|5.0|As proof of how good this film is here is my top 5.<br />1. In the Name of  the Father 2. The Empire Strikes Back 3. BRAVEHEART 4. Reservoir Dogs 5.  The Return of the Jedi
6302415993|5.0|This movie has been almost universally acclaimed as the best Rock and Roll  documentary ever, but that is damning with faint praise.  This is a great  movie, period.<br />It documents the Rolling Stones during their landmark '69  tour, and in particular, the documentary maker's dream (and everyone else's  nightmare) Altamont concert.  At the time, the Stones truly were &quot;the  greatest Rock and Roll band in the world&quot;, perhaps the greatest of all  time.  Jagger's performance and charisma are at their peak, no trace of the  almost self-parody he would later embrace.  Keith Richards' playing is  rough, raunchy and powerful, while the unheralded Mick Taylor's exquisite  blues guitar leads contrast by their beauty.<br />The performances alone  (including Tina Turner doing &quot;I've Been Loving You Too Long&quot;)  would be enough to make this a must have film, but Altamont is what makes  it a truly great film.  When we get to the Altamont concert, it gradually  becomes more and more terrifying, reminiscent of the slow build of  &quot;The Shining&quot;.  At first, Jagger thinks he can control the  situation with peace and love rhetoric, &quot;Brothers and sisters.  If we  are all one then let's show it!&quot;  At the end, the once confident rock  star is reduced to a scared little boy pleading, &quot;I pray that it's  alright.  I pray that it's alright,&quot; right before a man is stabbed to  death a few feet away from him.<br />Highlights (besides the Stones and Tina  Turner performances):  Jagger watching a tape of himself (obviously stoned)  giving glib and charming answers to reporters, then turning away from the  tape, and almost blushing, saying, &quot;Rubbish.&quot;  Mick and Keith  grooving to a different version of Brown Sugar that has a country lead  guitar part, 2 years before the song was released.  During the Altamont  concert, a Hell's Angel on the stage staring at Jagger for a long time with  a look of intense disgust like, &quot;Look at this little faggot!&quot;   The disillusioned masses leaving the next morning while the rawest,  nastiest version of &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; you've ever heard plays on  the soundtrack.<br />When you watch the Altamont part of this movie, your  shoulders and body will scrunch up as though you were at a truly scary  horror movie.  It is that visceral.  It is emotionally draining, yet  compelling, and the music is fantastic.  I have it on VHS and I will get  the DVD as soon as it comes out.  You should own this movie.
B000024D4R|5.0|Not too much Waters, (Final Cut), Not too much Gilmour (Momentry Lapse of Reason) - Perfect combination of scathing sarcasm and wonderful harmonius  music. AWESOME
B00004YZFQ|5.0|This movie has been almost universally acclaimed as the best Rock and Roll documentary ever, but that is damning with faint praise.  This is a great  movie, period.<br />It documents the Rolling Stones during their landmark '69  tour, and in particular, the documentary maker's dream (and everyone else's  nightmare) Altamont concert.  At the time, the Stones truly were &quot;the  greatest Rock and Roll band in the world&quot;, perhaps the greatest of all  time.  Jagger's performance and charisma are at their peak, no trace of the  almost self-parody he would later embrace.  Keith Richards' playing is  rough, raunchy and powerful, while the unheralded Mick Taylor's exquisite  blues guitar leads contrast by their beauty.<br />The performances alone  (including Tina Turner doing &quot;I've Been Loving You Too Long&quot;)  would be enough to make this a must have film, but Altamont is what makes  it a truly great film.  When we get to the Altamont concert, it gradually  becomes more and more terrifying, reminiscent of the slow build of  &quot;The Shining&quot;.  At first, Jagger thinks he can control the  situation with peace and love rhetoric, &quot;Brothers and sisters.  If we  are all one then let's show it!&quot;  At the end, the once confident rock  star is reduced to a scared little boy pleading, &quot;I pray that it's  alright.  I pray that it's alright,&quot; right before a man is stabbed to  death a few feet away from him.<br />Highlights (besides the Stones and Tina  Turner performances):  Jagger watching a tape of himself (obviously stoned)  giving glib and charming answers to reporters, then turning away from the  tape, and almost blushing, saying, &quot;Rubbish.&quot;  Mick and Keith  grooving to a different version of Brown Sugar that has a country lead  guitar part, 2 years before the song was released.  During the Altamont  concert, a Hell's Angel on the stage staring at Jagger for a long time with  a look of intense disgust like, &quot;Look at this little faggot!&quot;   The disillusioned masses leaving the next morning while the rawest,  nastiest version of &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; you've ever heard plays on  the soundtrack.<br />When you watch the Altamont part of this movie, your  shoulders and body will scrunch up as though you were at a truly scary  horror movie.  It is that visceral.  It is emotionally draining, yet  compelling, and the music is fantastic.  I have it on VHS and I will get  the DVD as soon as it comes out.  You should own this movie.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is a great singer, I first heard her on Emiminen's cd, on the song &quot;Stan&quot;.  Then when reading teen people, I finally found out who  she was, and I had to get her cd.  She has a such a beautiful voice,  haunting.  Her songs are great too.
0060977264|5.0|With each book I read by Paulo Coelho, I come to admire his works of  wisdom, of love and of hope even more.  Each book is a gem!  I could not  write down the quotes fast enough from this book! This book will leave you  joyful as well as hopeful in this most romantic tale.<br />Pilar is confronted  with facing herself - either she embraces her love or she walks away from  it in the form of her childhood friend, who has misgivings about entering  the seminary, due to his enduring love for her.  She encounters the  feminine face and force of God, which desires her to open up to love.  Likewise, her seminarian is facing the battle of choosing between love and  God. Both characters encounter challenges of the heart and find that they  can have the best of both worlds - of love and of God.  This is NOT a pushy  or preachy religious book, but a book, which imparts the feminine and  masculine aspects of God in our lives amidst the deep love of a man and a  woman have for each other.  \\"The previous day, the world had made sense,  even without love's presence.  But now we needed each other in order to see  the true brilliance of things (88).\\"<br />\\"But love is always new.  Regardless  of whether we love once, twice, or a dozen times in our life, we always  face a brand-new situation.  Love can consign us to hell or to paradise,  but it always takes us somewhere.  We simply have to accept it, because it  is what nourishes our existence.  If we reject it, we die of hunger,  because we lack the courage to stretch out a hand and pluck the fruit from  the branches of the tree of life.  We have to take love where we find it,  even it that means hours, days, weeks of disappointment and sadness.  The  moment we begin to seek love, love begins to seek us.  And to save us.  (79)\\"<br />Coelho, the eternal optimist, shows us once again the power of love  and of God's love in our lives.  This book is a quick read and it is one of  Coelho's best!  A great love story!
B000006ZL4|5.0|This CD is perhaps the best collection of music ever assembled by human kind...I never lose interest in the songs, and the entire CD will keep you  locked in until the last note.  From Russel's incredible vocal melody which  ranges from Operatic to a downright growl and fits perfectly into the song.  To Michael Romeo's amazing guitar style which is the best I have ever  heard...he tunes his guitar down a whole step but unlike today's downtuned  bands he manages to keep all his playing crisp, clean and intricate instead  of just &quot;chugging out&quot;  The title track is absolutly AMAZING, and  &quot;Candlelight Fantasia&quot; is perhaps the best song I've ever heard.   It just covers so many moods and blends them together perfectly.  The CD is  a perfect example of instrumental virtuosity and incredibly songwriting  talent and is a must have for a fan ANY genre, aside from maybe boy bands  and hip-hop.  Symphony X is quite possibly the best band around today.
B00004X01U|4.0|Madonna's new album &quot;music&quot; is great, but if you're looking for  the smooth spirtual inrospective Madonna we've grown to love the past few  years, your looking in the wrong place. Unlike Ray of Light, this new cd  espacially showcases the talent of her famous producers, not herself.   <br />This album is a dance album and should be bought for that reason. There  is little catchy smooth pop. <br />But as a dance album, it is a great one!  Music is not the best song on the album, many of the other songs are much  more interesting.
0783117388|5.0|Loved it....ready to start with # 1 &amp; work my way up to # 12 again.   Hoping HBO releases Season 2 soon!!!<br />I have enjoyed being able to view a  show I've read so much about but never been able to watch.( We do not have  cable in my area.) I would spend $34.95 again in a heartbeat for this  video.  I am really hoping Season 2 will be released someday soon.
0780627024|5.0|If you liked the old televised series &quot;Twilight Zone&quot; or  &quot;Outer Limits&quot;,  you will enjoy this cleverly written movie.  Two  teens with the help of Don Knotts and a powerful remote enter  Pleasantville, a town of simplicity and predictability where every thing is  always the same. It never rains, the weather is always bright and sunny.  It's the &quot;Truman Show&quot; in black and white until the teens  unwittingly start to change things.  People, roses, and landscapes become  transformed in vivid &quot;living color&quot;.  There is an underlying  message of the power of feelings, emotions, love and hate.  The movie is  entertaining, and once our time travelers have changed Pleasantville and  learned some lessons themselves, they are faced with remaining forever in  this enchanted town or returning to their own time.  A fine cast makes it  all believable.
B000031WD9|4.0|It's lose it or loser in &quot;American Pie,&quot; the 1999 Universal  release about four high school senior boys determined to &quot;score&quot;  with the right girl before prom night. Jim (Jason Biggs) is a teenager with  an overload of hormones, trying everything from watching scrambled porn to  making it to home base with an apple pie in his own kitchen. His friends,  Kevin, Oz and Finch, all make a pact that they will lose their virginity by  the time prom arrives, and the rest of the movie is a roller-coaster of  hilarity as the four boys try each trick after another in hopes of scoring  with the girls set in their sights. Supplied with a superb cast that  includes &quot;American Beauty's&quot; Mena Suvari and Eddie Kaye Thomas  from &quot;The Rage: Carrie 2,&quot; the performances in this film are a  sure-fire hit all by themselves. Screenwriter Adam Herz struck gold with  the script for &quot;American Pie,&quot; employing outrageous and sometimes  subtle comedy while giving the audience something that they can relate to,  whether it be through reminiscence or present experience. First-time  directors Paul and Chris Weitz looked through the lens and captured one of  the most enlightening and hilarious comedies of 1999, not to mention the  decade. While some may think that the content of this movie is perverse and  ruins the effect the movie will have on its viewers, let me take this  moment to say that it only makes the film funnier, as we are able to laugh  at the things that actually happen to high school adolescents all over the  world. A movie that ranks up among such high-pitched comedies as  &quot;Happy Gilmore&quot; and &quot;Mrs. Doubtfire,&quot; &quot;American  Pie&quot; will have you rolling in your seat with laughter from beginning  to end.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna's music is is getting more explosive in the dance clubs than ever before.  As she say's in her song &quot;Music makes the people come  together&quot;.  How true this is!   She just keeps getting better and  better!   In the year 2000 where electronic music is definately  &quot;IN&quot;, Madonna takes it to a new level.  She's simply AWESOME!
B00003Q43A|4.0|The release of &quot;Independence Day&quot; on DVD proved to be a huge  success, and I must say that the treatment this movie has received on this  high-definition video transfer is all that it deserved and more. A  wonderworks of special effects and elements from 50's sci-fi films that  captured people of that generation, Independence Day moved up into the list  of top ten money grossers of all time after its release. While the  storyline remains overall trivial, it does have a certain rush to it in  many cases, especially when things begin to pick up with the invasion. A  typical day in American cities turns into a nightmare when spacecraft the  size of each city begin to blast the cities to nothing but ruin in an  attempt to exterminate the human race. Soon, it's up to a small band of  survivors, including a scientifically-gifted cable repairman (Jeff  Goldblum), an Air Force pilot (Will Smith), a drunken crop duster (Randy  Quaid), and the President (Bill Pullman), to try and figure out a way to  stop the invasion before earth is completely taken over. One thing about  this film: it never stops moving. No matter what scene you're watching, it  is either driven by emotional force or adrenaline action sequences. The  rumors are true as to the special effects as well: they ARE seamless. Using  models and computer effects, Volker Engle and Douglass Smith create images  that fool audiences moreso than any other movie in history. Performances by  all lead and supporting actors make the movie very enjoyable as well as  believable, played out with force, emotion and effort. The DVD release of  the film is superbly crafted: the video resolution displays brilliant  colors and sharp, crisp images that will be very pleasing to the eye. Sound  design immerses the viewer in a non-stop surround environment, utilizing  the rear surrounds as well as the .1 LFE in action scenes and musical  score. A hit in every way, &quot;Independence Day&quot; is an enjoyable  popcorn movie that can be watched with emotion and laughter.
B00004X01U|5.0|In this new complation, Madonna working in coordination with French DJ  Mirwais Ahmadzai and UK dazzler William Orbit comes up with a more than  suitable follow up to her transitional &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. Yes, there  are those that will argue that this sophomoric effort doesn't carry forth  the same energy that its' predessor does, but that's completely not the  case.<br />&quot;Music&quot;, which is experiencing heavy radio play on both  sides of the Atlantic Ocean is an infectious ditty, loaded with electronica  and scratchy house sounds.  &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; and &quot;I  Deserve It&quot; it might not have Dylan or Mitchell-esque lyrics to them,  but these are more than compensated by the pulsating &quot;Runaway  Lover&quot; and &quot;What It Feels Like for A Girl&quot;, two of the best  songs she's done in the last decade.<br />Listening to this right after  &quot;Ray of Light&quot; just serves to show how incredibly Madonna's  become a trendsetter with her use of techo beats and house grooves,  tempered with a true emotional base.  She punches out ballads with a beat,  and though she's going to take a beating for it (indeed, she always has and  no doubt expects this to remain the case)one cannot help but admire the  lady. In an era when such horrors as Eminem continue to crank out song  slugs, she's more than holding her own.
0767817478|2.0|Ok, let's get one thing down before this review goes any further: this  movie is a two-star movie on the basis of its storyline. There are some  elements of the film which will give viewers a few surprises, but overall,  it is an example of a lack of intelligent filmmaking. <br />However, on the  basis of sound design, this movie is one of the best films ever. From the  very beginning of the film, the soundtrack exhibits excellent qualities  when it comes to utilizing the .1 LFE, from the vintage footage of H-bomb  testing to the giant lizard thundering through the streets of New York  City. Almost every scene, whether it has to do with the musical score or  the sound effects of the scene, the surround sound is fully enveloping.  There is no other way to describe this DVD: the sound design alone makes it  a must for anyone into sound effects design.
0385043805|5.0|I loved this book! If you can get past the boring beginning it is GREAT!
6305075352|5.0|Often criticised for its white heroes and weak black characters, and no doubt detested by Mississipians for its stereotyped evil Southern white folks, this is still excellent drama.<br />Although a well paced story, the script, in terms of dialogue is sometimes clumsy and you can often predict the next line. In the light of this, the actors' performance is mightily impressive. The entire cast are wonderful.<br />Michael Rooker smoulders as a violent racist thug, exuding violence. Brad Dourif, before he was doomed to voice Chucky movies, underplays his smug young KKK deputy to great effect in his best role since One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest. Frances McDormand, in the only real female role, is fantastic in the part of the torn wife. And, just as importantly, every one of the more minor roles are filled by teriffic character actors. <br />Even with this competition, Hackman steals every scene as the jaded Southern G-man reluctantly following the orders of the hot-shot, crusading college boy Willem Dafoe. This is as good a performance as you'll see anywhere from anyone.<BR>The 1988 best actor award went to Hoffman for Rain Man, but if you look back now, it was a travesty, Hackman was just brilliant.<br />Whether this is an educational film or not is open to question. In its historical detail almost certainly not, all the FBI are good guys, the blacks hapless victims, and the Mississipians backward inbred racists. But in its portrayal of a social and political climate in the South of the 60's, it almost certainly is (Non Americans like myself, unfamiliar with the history of the time will be shocked at just how recently this film is set).<br />But, perhaps that is missing the point, a combination of brilliant performances, a great story and direction all add up to a hugely entertaining experience. And unlike JFK, Mississippi Burning does not rely on its historical credibility for its cinematic one.<br />A must see film.
B00003CWTI|2.0|It seems to me that people who liked this movie a lot, related well to it.   That maybe the most important aspect of the film - and a very sad comment  on our social fabric.  I think that is the only reason I rated this movie.   The film did not mesmerize me...I hung in there to find out just how bad  could it get.  Pretty bad.  Similar to Boogie Nights, although one could  justify it as a representation of the worse of those times.  But why  glorify the bad and the ugly?   Magnolia might be a great documentary for a  college class discussion or more, but as entertainment the film stretches  the bounds of enjoyment of the black, the sadistic and the unfulfilled with  nothing much else offered up.  Albeit not in a pornographic or vulgar way -  almost like trying to experience, via voyeurism, the feelings and minds of  twisted and warped people.  Yes, they exist, yes the director portrayed  them well, but to what end?   A cinematographic painting of ugly and jaded.    More for the anthropologists to review in 3030 A.D. than  &quot;enjoy&quot; as an evening's entertainment.  Well, there you have it.   My opinion and mine alone most likely.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|So this is the eagerly anticipated new Bjork record. Well, actually this  release is pretty weird, it is not Bjork's proper album, and everything is  not sang by her, all the tracks here are sang by her character in the  movie, Selma instead, yet she named it `Bjork: Selmasongs'. Calling this an  album, actually it is an EP. How confident! Bjork is the most important  person to this film, I know Danish director Las Von Trier is fantastic, his  contribution to the musical film can never be overlooked, but Bjork is the  pivot of this film, without her excellent performance (it's her film debut,  mind you!)  the film wouldn't have won Palme d'Or. And the soundtrack to  this film is such an enjoyable affair! Out of the seven tracks offered  here, five are essential. `I've Seen It All' is the first track on the  album that was available for downloading. Being one of the first few who  downloaded it (an Eminem-like \\"heeeheee\\"), I didn't like it initially. It  sounded too much like her last album, `Homogenic', not the kind of stuff  you expect from such a trendsetter. (It is her who exposed you hear the  latest jungle sound back in 1997, OK?)  Well, it is not that bad after a  few listens. It grows on you, especially the lyrics, it namechecked nearly  everything, from the Great Wall to Kings of Peru(figure out who they are!)  and it features Thom Yorke!!! The vocal from Bjork's side is some of the  best vocals that she has ever done, while for Thom, he yelped and crooned  his way through, sounding as if he is pissed, well his vocal made it feel  like a funeral song. `Cvalda' sounds like something from a musical, yet  it's not all just musical. It is much more than that, tell me now, which  musical contains such industrial beats, such erratic instrumentation? Which  musical contains a singer who sounds that versatile? Screaming her lungs  out at times, sounding like a Cinderella coming out of fairy tales at  times, some times she transforms herself to a witch and tries to cast some  spell or something.  On the other side of the coin, you have the most  beautiful and touching track here: `Scatterheart'. It reminds me of `It's  So Quiet', it is just that while the latter is a playful, willful and cute  affair, the former is sadder, bleaker and touches your heart. It is sad  indeed, very very sad!! `In The Musicals' is a direction Bjork should head  towards on her proper follow-up to the marvelous `Homogenic', it is  something Bjork has never done before, yet it sounds all Bjork, yes, the  beat sounds like a ball bouncing on the floor, the futurism lies in her  playfulness. How many people can actually do that? Stereolab? Please!!  She  was the one who made Stereolab sound like some childish adults trying to be  intelligent and different.  While `New World' is anthemic, the kind of  anthem that marks the beginning of a new era, or in Bjork's words, a new  world!! `You wonder I wonder, what happens next. A new world a new day to  see.' Everybody can relate to this track, Bjork should not be categorized  as some `alternative' musician, this is pop, full stop. Sorry, the pun is  not intended.  She is one of the best Pop stars people should really listen  to instead of your airhead bimbos, Britney or Christina. Although this is  not that essential compared to the rest of her record, still, it is a must  for longtime fans, even to people who have never heard anything from Bjork  before, (were you on Mars?) this is definitely a bliss. Go get the movie as  well as the soundtrack now.
B00004STOV|5.0|Too much has been said about this redoubtable  record and its sweeping  influence over past  generations. If you don't already know of this   recording, spare yourself the embarassment and just go out and buy it.
0679736646|5.0|Ubik has probably got the best ideas within of all PKD's books, and, after  a lame beginning that deals with the typical large corporate empires and  pre-cogs telepaths etc, the  book really gets going when they go to the  Moon and Runciter gets blown up. At this stage, the book begins, and the  next sections, while hastily written, are some of the best chapters in the  PKD canon. I assert that PKD was much better at dealing the past or  present(in this case, USA 1939) than he was at sketching the future. He has  had many prophetic inventions (like the homeopape, which is soon to be  reality) but he had a genuine interest in the past, see what type of books  he read, his interest in classical music and classical cultures. PKD's 1939  is brilliant, and the story matches. The concept of Ubik, in its varying  incarnations, is excellent, as is the uncertainty with half-life etc, and  those little rhyming verses... very good. There are a couple of brilliant  metaphors that have stayed with me, one where something is compared to a  primitive creature using its own skin as a sail, and the other I have  forgotten. No matter. The beginning of the book means that Ubik, while  likely to be a favourite on the first read, is not quite up to the standard  of Three Stigmata, which I believe is the best PKD, but still...
6305922756|1.0|Stupid and boring.  A few good chuckle moments, but primarily a  near-post-adolescent bad boy movie.  Sound track has problems, many spots  where the sound does not sync with the action onscreen.  Many sound  dropouts.  <br />Purchase only if you absolutely need to see the cucumber  scene again - and then only if your player has a fast forward scan button -  you'll use it alot.
B00004YA12|4.0|Connoisseur Video Collection has put out yet another brilliant film, this time on DVD. There is not much that can be said of Hitler that hasn't been  said or speculated over the last century.  The production of this DVD is  quite superb with a state of the art Menu Page and Scene Selection page,  but what i find intriguing about this DVD is that the integrity of the film  was kept in tact...still hauntingly dark with it's natural light source  which was used throught the film (there were few shots that actually used  electric lighting). Accompaning this DVD is a beautiful package which  includes a 6 page booklet with wonderful photos and a text focusing on Leni  Riefenstal, the director, detailing her ups and downs before and after the  war both personally and professionally. A very insightful source of info on  Leni Riefenstahl, who's life is more spectacular than Hitler's I came to  find out after reading this booklet. Great learning! thanks Connoisseur!
B00004X0Q0|4.0|At The Drive-In is the sound of hard work and progression.  At The  Drive-In have been together nearly ten years, and to this date remain to be  one of the hardest-working rock bands in existance.  They seamlessly create  a masterpiece out of their music; by blending the profuse rawness of modern  rock with the beautiful elements of a melodic symphony.  Their music comes  from the heart, where nothing is fake - everything is real.  At The  Drive-In is a real band.<BR><BR>  As for this album, it's amazing.  I love  every piece of music Ross Robinson has produced, and ATDI has succeeded in  bringing out his magical abilities with Relationship Of Command.  While  their sound is consistent, they switch paces per track and never fail to  amaze with their pounding dual guitarists, inventive bassist, genius  drummer, and freaking AMAZING singer.  Cedric's voice has become more than  an inspiration to myself.  ATDI produces a sound that you really need to  touch and feel, let alone hear.  So open your ears and listen to the future  of excellent music.
0316777722|3.0|Sedaris's earlier works are well-written and consistantly hilarious. In his most recent collection of essays, the author focuses  more on  autobiography. I find the new essays somewhat limiting in their depth,  detail, and, most importantly, humor. Most of the essays seem like  summaries of events that the author wants to and seems capable of  describing in greater detail. The fictional essays in his earlier work are  often more descriptive of Sedaris's life, not only because of the allusion  to actual personal history, but the essence of the author in all of the  fictional characters. In Me Talk Pretty, Sedaris is but one man, and he  doesn't jump enough into his life to make it totally compelling. Worth a  read, however.
B00004WKII|4.0|What can be said about this box set which hasn't been said before? Of  course, the music is great, and the set is a must for collectors. However,  I am getting more and more fed up with getting yet another package of music  from a musician whose career spanned about four or five years. There is a  reason why many of the recordings in this box set were not released before.  21 of the songs in this set are either &quot;alternate recordings&quot; or  &quot;alternate mixes&quot; that is for some reason they were thought to be  somewhat inferior when people decided what to put on the original album.  The tendency to publish &quot;alternate takes&quot; (as the jazz crowd uses  to call them) doesn't really lead to much of an improvement. Although it  might be interesting to hear a slight variation in the guitar solo at  3'14&quot; in song ABC, in the end, there's not much gained from it. So I  guess the most interesting part of the box set consists of the 25  &quot;previously unreleased&quot; songs but even most of them are in fact  &quot;alternate takes&quot;. I mean if you're a fan and collector you don't  really care - especially because you get songs you so far only have on  shoddy bootlegs. But still, it leaves a not too pleasing taste in one's  mouth. One thing which annoys me is that, again, we're getting snippets  from great concerts (like for instance Isle of Wight 1970). Everybody who  has listened to the concerts in full length (on a bootleg, say) knows how  good they are. So why didn't they just publish a set of concerts instead? I  don't know. Maybe there'll be another box set in a year or two with more  &quot;alternate mixes&quot; etc. etc. Anyway, as a collector I clearly  appreciate getting some great stuff (as I said the music is great) and I  can live with the rip-off factor involved.
B0000024RQ|5.0|This is the album that forged the singer/songwriter movement of the early 60's. In my opinion, this is one of Dylan's most imaginitive (although  there are dozens) albums. &quot;I Shall Be Free&quot; and &quot;Oxford  Town&quot; are true classics in my mind. Primal Dylan. Not as raw as his  first album, but much more politically and socially conscious (being Dylans  own lyrics throughout the whole album.) <br />As influential as his  &quot;Bringin' It All Back Home&quot; electric debut, but in a less raucous  and controversial manner. Absolutely essential for any folkie, but any  folkie already has this one. Start here. Then move along Dylan's miraculous  career album by album. Listen to him evolve. Absolutely incredible. Buy  this one for sure.
0440224764|4.0|I've read all of Grisham's older stuff--and I liked this book the best.  You have to commit yourself to reading this book because the ending is the  best part!  I would highly suggest this John Grisham book.  I really think  The Partner should be made into a movie.  I think it's made for it!
B000002I2M|5.0|This, in my opinion, is the Doors most diffinitve, and brilliant album. &quot;LA Woman,&quot; &quot;The Changeling,&quot; and &quot;Been Down So  Long&quot; are Morrison at the core of His soul.<br />The beautiful  &quot;Hyacinth House&quot; mellows an intense album, and adds the peculiar  element of a sombering mood.  &quot;L'America&quot; is a jazzy little tune  about purchases south of the border.  <br />Manczerek is at his musical apex.   Densmore's drumming is jazzy. And Krieger...his guitar slithers like a  disturbed reptile. Unmistakeble. An absolutely essential Doors album.
B00004X01U|5.0|SHe's done done it again!!!!!!!! Music hit today combining a whirl of  electronic beats and produced vocals combined with deep and soul searching  country/folk ballads.  Once again Madonna has stretched the musical  landscape and made the world a better place for all of us. some essential  tracks to check out- Impressive Instant- Sheer fun/ I deserve it-  beautiful/ Amazing- beautiful stranger part II/ Don't tell me- her next  number 1 hit/ Paradise(not for me)- my personal favorite
B000007S5B|5.0|Waiting For The Sun&quot; show cases the band in a more laid-back mode. This, however does not in any way detract from the sound of the album.   Smooth, and at times blissfully intense.<br />&quot;Spanish Caravan,&quot;  &quot;Five To One,&quot; and &quot;Hello I Love You&quot; were hits back  then, and if I had it my way, would be playing on MTV right now.<br />Jim is  in full voice for such sentimental gems as &quot;Love Street&quot; and  &quot;The Spy&quot; (two of the coolest 60s love songs).  <br />&quot;Not To  Touch The Earth,&quot; an excerp from &quot;Celebration Of The Lizard&quot;  will change your perception.
630575067X|3.0|When i saw this movie at the theaters i was really impressed.I had never before in my life seen such good special effects in a movie before.But  there was one thing dough.I had of course seen the old star wars trilogy  before and i loved it.I loved it so much that i even used at least 50  dollars on the special edition versions.And when star wars episode 1 came  too the theathers i was amazed.Amazed of how George Lucas could make an all  time classic trilogy into a movie for childrens(12 years old).<br />And when  that happend all the star wars spirit ran away. <br />The three stars i gave  to this movie, i gave to the special effects and the few memerable scenes!
B000002H6C|4.0|M,. this sucks! yes, with no doubt about it. carnal forge from entombed  was a much better song than &quot;One&quot; is. That isn't sayin, they sold  out but it they did anyway. The only record I would buy in a nutshell, not  in a way.
6305079900|3.0|This movie is great,fun,cool and exiting.But when it comes to the music..a wait leat me refrase that ahhh WHAT MUSIC,the music they used in this movie  is just midi files and that **** me off. If it haden't been for crapie  music this movie would have been perfect.<br />This tekst refers to the vhs  version.
B000002HRE|2.0|Let me tell you, I was a longtime Metallica Fan, and I ain't one of those people who lived in the eighties and heard &quot;Puppets&quot; and  &quot;Lightning&quot; when it came out. So I don't think I'm an so called  &quot;old-school-metal&quot; fanatic, although I listen to music that most  people call metal everyday and I couldn't live without it. I got no  problems with Bands that change their style, and I'm open to anything. I  like what Paradise Lost did, I like what Life of Agony did and I like what  Marilyn Manson did when they all changed their styles and &quot;slowed  down&quot;. Because everything is still honest about records like  &quot;Host&quot;, &quot;Soul Searching Sun&quot; and &quot;Mechanical  Animals&quot;. Why am I writing all this - just because I want to let you  know that my two stars don't come easy. &quot;Fuel&quot; is a good song.  &quot;The memory Remains&quot; is a good song. &quot;The unforgiven  II&quot; is a cheap and sure way of making money, but who cares, it's still  a good song. The Rest of the Album - I can't remember even though I  listened to it about 10 minutes from now. And it wasn't the first time I  listened to it. What I want to tell you is : Metallica sound basically  tired'n'bored and those feelings transform to me as a listener when I hear  this junk. They said: Ohh, it's time for a new fan-rip off, but this time  we are gonna try out how really stupid they are and write a really heart-  and hopeless album but remember we need some singles so everyone thinks  this will be a great album and buy it. Please, do yourself a favour and  don't buy it. Don't be a part of that system. MTV and other institutions  make you think that Metallica is true music, the best metal band around and  if you don't listen to them, you got no kinda idea what music means. They  couldn't be more wrong. Just imagine, a new-comer band puts out  &quot;Load&quot;. What recognition would they get? You got it - NONE! NOT  EVEN THEIR BEST FRIENDS WOULDLIKE IT. But if Metallica put out weak albums  like this - hell, they just gotta be great, it's Metallica, it's the  biggest Rock band on the Planet. Means : Metallica $uck. and not since  yesterday. On my personal opinion, they began to suck massively on the  Black Album. With Load, they reached the bottom of the barrel, with reload  they sometimes show that they are able to write good songs, but they don't  want to, because it's hard work and doesn't sell. Paradox but true. There  is not a single edgy moment on the whole record, nothing that would offend  my grandparents. If this is so called &quot;growing up&quot;, it must be  one hell of a bore. Metallica wrote metal history with their three albums,  they wrote record-sell history with the black album and they wrote  insomia-cure history with load, reload and whatever may come. And Metallica  are also great comedians when they say they didn't sell out. They defined  that word. They got nothing to fear, they can even accuse their fans of  stealing their music via Napstar and still get applause. In my opinion,  they are the favorite Rock-Band of conservative business-people ( not ment  in a discriminating way ), record-companies, TV-shows and adults. They  aren't mine.
0140386335|5.0|I remember getting this book when I was a little boy, about 7 or 8 years ago.  I didn't read it much then, probably because I spent most of my time  watching the two Neverending Story movies.  Now, I am 16 and I recently  completed the book.  There isn't a single page in the book that doesn't  grip you or affect you.  This is one of the few books I have ever read,  cover-to-cover, for entertainment.  I was almost sad when the book was  over.  That's how fantastic it was.  It reminded me of how powerful my  imagination was when I was little.  If you love fantasy and adventure, you  should read it.  You'll be glad you did, I guarantee it.  I highly  recommend it for people of all ages.
B00001R3GI|4.0|This is overall a very good album but too many songs sound like fillers to  me.
B000002IG4|5.0|this is definitely a &quot;listen straight through&quot; collins album, which stands up over time because little of it was played to death by the  radio (except YOU CAN'T HURRY LOVE, but that's a classic on its own).   these are a lot of songs about the pain of his divorce, similar in theme to  songs from Face Value, except more upbeat, better integration of horns,  drums, and 80s power pop ballads that foreshadowed the commercial triumph  of No Jacket Required 2 years later.  I DON'T CARE ANYMORE is reminiscent  of In the Air Tonight, a little darker and more bitter.  songs like DO YOU  KNOW, DO YOU CARE? and IT DON'T MATTER TO ME are hardly hidden in their  meaning but sound good.  some of the better gems on here are LIKE CHINA  (teen professing his love for his virgin girlfriend) and I CANNOT BELIEVE  IT'S TRUE (the EWF horns sound great) while fans of his slow ballads will  enjoy WHY CAN'T IT WAIT TIL MORNING and DON'T LET HIM STEAL YOUR HEART  AWAY.  another standout tune is the eerie THRU THESE WALLS, will stay with  you long after you hear it, about alienation (but not related as literally  to the divorce issue that dominates).  THE WEST SIDE is an amazing,  excellent instrumental piece that shows his talent as a songwriter and  drummer.  Overall, all 10 songs on here mix well and the album as a whole  is great phil collins.  And just think, he wrote or co-wrote this album,  plus Face Value, as well as 3 genesis albums (Duke, Abacab and Genesis) in  an amazing 3-year musical blitz that i feel was his peak.
079070546X|5.0|This is so true, right? Everyone has those Christmas' where something goes  wrong. I mean and that shaft from his company is not too far from the  truth. My dad one year got 100 bucks to a grocery store. Can you believe  that? Randy Quaid plays a laugh out loud character. I mean who in their  family does not have a character like this? You are not an American citizen  if you do not have some weird relative. This movie is my favorite holiday  movie. Perfect for all year round. You will see every possible holiday  mishap. Get it today!
B000002O51|5.0|I can barely express how much i love THIRD STAGE in just 5 stars or 1,000 words... once you get past all the distracting (irrelevant) stories about  how long this took to complete and how it's more commercial than BOSTON or  DON'T LOOK BACK (translation: this album doesn;'t have those garage band  throwaway songs like Party, etc), you are left with an amazing 45 minutes  of music.  You can hear the hurt and pain and desparation (that perfectly  sums up 80s pop 'love-lost' ballads) in AMANDA, CAN'TCHA SAY (the best  song) and HOLLYANN, plus WE'RE READY is another amazing song.  The guitar  work on here, the vocals, and the melodies are just beyond comparison.   There is the cool Pink Floyd-ish instrumental of THE LAUNCH followed by  COOL THE ENGINES which rocks enough to satisy the long haired 70s fans who  were waiting so long.  i know I THINK I LIKE IT is a remake, but excellent,  and TO BE A MAN and MY DESTINATION (the AMANDA reprise) work in seamlessly.   Everytime I hear THIRD STAGE it takes me right back to the late 80s, which  establishes this album as a time capsule of all that was good about music  then.  Please don't miss it, and check out Return to Zero by RTZ if you  like Boston!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This was one of the most exilarating and action packed film that I have seen. It has a very interesting storyline and shows how important the loss  of a family is. It has spectacular special effects and the digtal image of  Comodus is very easily mistaken for an actual face, and I hadn't been told  about the fact that Comodus had died during the filming I wouldn't have  noticed the difference. I hope that I will be able to bet it through Amazon  on DVD.
B00004X01U|5.0|I stood in line to purchase Music, Madonna's new cd last night, at midnight.  Looking at the cover I thought, O-no she went country (she looks  great in her get up).    I couldn't wait to get home and listen to her new  cd, and to find out it isn't country at all.  I enjoyed it, it is different  for her, but everything she usually does is different than the last.  My  favorite songs are &quot;Impressive Instinct&quot;, &quot;Runaway  Lover&quot;, &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; and lets not forget  &quot;MUSIC&quot; which ROCKS!  I am interested to see what songs get  remixed.  I suggest you get this, it is pure enjoyment.
B00002E23E|5.0|Saw this on it's opening debut day years ago. If you're a Zep fan, you've  probably already seen it, but if you haven't, see it.
B0000024SI|3.0|This is an interesting CD from a musical history point of view.  It is a  period piece.  The songs are lyrically incredible, musically derivative,  and the vocals are annoying to the point of distraction.  Bob Dylan had to  either have been completely tone deaf, or carried one of the largest egos  on the planet not to let someone better sing his songs, or at least to take  lessons. It is Dylan's lack of vocal ability which convinced Jimi Hendrix  that he had nothing to lose by standing in front of a microphone.  In order  to appreciate this album for what it means to the history of popular music,  the listener must get past Mr Zimmerman's &quot;singing&quot;.  The music  takes a backseat to the lyrics, even so, it is great, it's just that the  lyrics are so outstanding.  It's primarily blues' based.  Highway 61  stretches from Dylan's state of Minnesota to the Mississippi Delta, the  fountain of the American Folk Blues.  TOMBSTONE BLUES is an aggressive,  blues rock number perfect for a garage band.  FROM A BUICK 6 is a standard  Blues lament about a woman who gives you gasoline when you ask for water,  and IT TAKES A LOT TO LAUGH... is generic blues of the type you might  associate with Son House.  The  piano chords of THIN MAN nod to Ray  Charles' I BELIEVE TO MY SOUL with deep respect.  But the songs are only  the stage to support the lyrics.  HIGHWAY 61 REVISITED is important for at  least two reasons.  First, the hit, LIKE A ROLLING STONE exceeded the  standard three minute format clocking in at over 6 minutes.  Almost every  song on this album is over 5 minutes, and DESOLATION ROW is eleven minutes  -- feel free to stop when you get bored. ;D  The second reason this album  is important is because it is the first commercially successful popular  record to contain serious lyrical content.  Bob Dylan is credited with  proving that rock music as poetry could find acceptance to a broad  audience.  It is the lyrics that contain the timeless essence of this work.   That they are indecipherably enigmatic only adds to their charm.  Beat  poetry and folk sentiments turned on popular music.  No one before Bob  Dylan was able to make this work and very, very few after him have done it  as well.  The band is outstanding, too.  Mike Bloomfield elevates the  guitar from accompaniment to solo.  He accents the songs with furious,  paranoic guitar breaks which set a new standard.  Everyone is great,  except, of course for the singer. ;D  A third reason which is seldom  acknowledged is that albums like this established the baby boomers as a  legitimate market distinct from their parents.   For the most part, it is  these same baby boomers who sustain the legend of Bob Dylan, and are prone  to overstate the importance of this album.  It's been nearly two decades  since artists stopped recording his songs.  While the list of important  musicians who have covered Dylan's songs is indeed impressive, containing,  Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck and Stevie Wonder, they are all part  of the same generation.   If the songs have any relevance, today, it is to  use them against the generation which embraced them.  &quot;Something is  happening here, but you don't know what it is, do you Mr Jones.&quot;  The  counter culture milestone THE BALLAD OF A THIN MAN is an acerbic TIMES ARE  A'CHANGIN'.  It is the same epithet which was thrown at the thin man's  daughter in LIKE A ROLLING STONE.  It just doesn't sound as cool when your  children say it to you.  If you are interested in popular songs with  serious lyrical content, or in an important album of the sixities, this CD  will be interesting to you.
B00000K2SE|2.0|Yes,<br />You're thinking i'm some moron who doesn't know what i'm talking about... But guess what? I do.  Its amazing - most people think this is the  best film ever... its really sad.  This is my opinion - however, if you  look a little closer after what I just said - you'll realize, that The  Matrix isn't all that, and used fx to cover the &quot;been done  before&quot; script, and a few plot holes...<br />Anyway, here we go.   *Spoilers*<br />We already know that most of the movie ripped off &quot;Dark  City&quot;, &quot;Lawnmower Man&quot;, and of course  &quot;Metropolis.&quot;   The movie seems a little &quot;too&quot;  identical to them...  Take Dark City for example - In that movie, we see  bad guys talking about how they really hate their kind... Matrix also does  that.  D. City was written before Matrix... The Professional also known as  Leon' had their ending stolen, which was surprising - because some of it  looked like it was &quot;from shot to shot.&quot; There are more movies  then just Dark City that have been ripped off, people - ignore the fx - and  almost watchable performances, and chances are you're gonna see a story -  that has been done a number of times. <br />This is also my favorite - I was  impressed with the new camera angles, and special fx... However, with two  years of training for the kung fu fights  - you would think they could have  done a better job... Keanu can't fight, obviously can't act - and I did  &quot;not&quot; pay $7.50 to see him say &quot;whoa.&quot;  And if you  think the bullettime (dodging) scenes were new... guess again - They are  also done (with arrows) in John Woo's Hard Target.  The staircase sequence  (in the opening) has been done before and a lot better in John Woo's A  Better Tomorrow II... hmm... you know - all the action styles have been  stolen from Mr. Woo... Its really sad.  The Whackowski Brothers should know  better then to take from Mr. Woo, because he is always one step ahead -  creating something bigger, better, and utterly breathtaking.<br />The only  &quot;good&quot; acting in this movie was from Lawrence Fishburne...  everyone else was really laughable! The soundtrack was very nice, and Don  Davis's score was actually decent.  But, sadly thats about it - and for  other plot holes, that I didn't mention - check out imdb.com , they  actually show one that is very noticable (if you ignore the fx)... see - FX  can't make a movie. I'm sure, what you're thinkin is - i've heard many  people say this crap and don't know what they are talking about... but -  guess what, why don't you rent some of the other Sci-Fi films, and John Woo  films that I mentioned - chances are you'll notice that the only saving  grace of The Matrix was just fx and hype.
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson is William Wallace in this story of the making of a courageous  legend. Wallace is taken away from his land as a young lad when his father  is murdered by the English. He returns as a man who falls in love and is  intent on living a peaceful family life.....until the English murder his  wife then there is hell to pay.<br />Wallace takes on the English in his land  and in theirs. He attempts to unite the Scottish nobles in a quest to give  Scotland her Freedom. Along the way he meets a princess and....well you can  guess.<br />Gibson is spectacular as Wallace and was worthy of the acting  Oscar as well as the directing Oscar he did earn. He is surrounded by a  relatively unknown cast who are oscar worthy in their own rite.  The  scenery is breathtaking, the battles are unlike any you have seen before  this movie. The score is majestic and the sound of the movie translates  well in the surround mode.  The plot holds together well and the romantic  sub-plot does not seemed forced as in many of the epic tales. It is a  nearly three hour movie that goes by in an instant.<br />Obviously, this was a  DVD that everyone was waiting for, and it was worth the wait. The voice  over option with Gibson is informative and the &quot;making of &quot;  special is intriguing as well. This is a DVD worth buying today.<br />Overall,  a five star movie and a five star DVD. One of the best ever.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna's new album, &quot;Music&quot;, is fantastic!!  The music is  mostly based on keyboard-generated rhythms and sounds.  Unlike her previous  album, &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, this new album is a breath of fresh air.   When I listen to &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, I feel like I'm listening to  Madonna's baby album.  She was a new mother at that time.  In her latest  effort, Madonna has regained the focus she lost on &quot;Ray of  Light&quot;.  &quot;Music&quot; is much more free-flowing, and I'm glad to  see that the Madonnna we've missed over the last couple of years has  returned.
0385334176|4.0|Vonnegut strikes again with his wit, although this time his cynnisism  seems a bit muted. He gives us Rudy Waltz, son of two of the most eccentric  people you will ever meet. Rudy as a young boy accidentally kills a young  pregnant woman with his rifle thus earning the nickname and book title  &quot;Deadeye Dick&quot;. Rudy grows to become a pharmacist. He never  leaves his parents and his accident as a child has a profound role in the  rest of his life. He carries the guilt, is unable to forge new  relationships, and is relatively unhappy for the rest of his life.<br />Seems  like it would be a bit depressing but Vonnegut keeps the novel rolling with  his social commentary on parenting, the medical field, the government, etc.  etc. etc.  Of course the accidental shooting is not the only misfortune to  enter the lives of Rudy and his family but why ruin the book for  you?<br />Vonnegut really kept me engrossed in this novel. It is a quick read  and worth picking up, even if you haven't read much of his other work. A  solid 4-Star novel.
B00004TRD8|5.0|All I can say is WOW. This is one of my all time favoriate films anyways.  Add to this the the choice of which version to watch and all the wonderful  extras...<br />O, and the menus are way kewl also.
B00004T9UF|1.0|I don't know about you but I'm sooo sick of the annoying &quot;Real Slim  Shady song&quot;. In general I find the tracks on this CD boring. The  production and beets are slow and weak and don't get my head bobbing.<br />I  have no problem with the &quot;controversial lyrics&quot; in fact it's the  only part of the CD that makes it worthwile for a listen. Think about  it.<br />My reccommendation: let your friend buy it and tape it off em cause  you'll only listen to it once.<br />There are too many other notable Rap  artists these days that deserve more recognition. I really hope Eminem dies  out soon because I'm sick of hearing it...
B000002UA0|3.0|I just got this album today, and from the first listen it became obvious  to me that, unlike other Floyd albums, with this one what you hear at first  is what you get.  With others, the more you listen to them, the more you  like them, but here the melodies are either simple and catchy right away,  or simple and average at best as soon as you listen to them.  Let's see,  let me review song by song:<br />1. Astronomy Domine - very good drumming and  an energetic song with cool &quot;starport announcements&quot; in the  background.  Other than that, it's nothing special.<br />2. Lucifer Sam - an  instant hit as soon as you start listening to it.  I haven't heard many  songs from anyone that are more catchy than this one - great tune.  The  lyrics are pretty funny, too - seems like Syd is scared of this cat.  This  is probably the best song on this album.<br />3. Matilda Mother - a pleasant  song about bedtime story-telling, but not great.<br />4. Flaming - another  GREAT tune; along with Lucifer Sam, these two stick out as the glimpses of  Syd's genius.  <br />5. Pow R. Toc H. - really weird, but the cooing noises at  the beginning and in the end make me laugh every time.  A decent tune,  also.<br />6. Take up thy Stethoscope and Walk - a horrible Roger Waters song.   After listening to this, it's not hard to see why nobody gave Floyd much  of a chance after Syd was kicked out.  However, if you don't listen to the  lyrics, there's some cool sound-jamming in the middle of the song.<br />7.  Interstellar Overdrive - Here it goes: I don't see anything great about  this overrated &quot;song&quot;, not even anything good, and it's the  longest track on this CD (10 minutes out of the 40).  It's a long, boring  instrumental whose chief characteristic is dissonance.  There's nothing  musical here, and the few cool noises in the middle hardly make it  worthwhile to listen to.  If the space filled up by this song was instead  filled up by 3, or so, &quot;childish&quot; songs inthe vein of all the  others, I would consider giving this album a &quot;4&quot; instead of a  &quot;3.&quot;<br />8. The Gnome - another pleasant but not very great  song.<br />9. Chapter 24 - bad, corny lyrics taken from some kind of book, set  to a mediocre tune.<br />10. Scarecrow - very short, very mediocre, as  well.<br />11. Bike - sounds more like a parody than an actual song.  This is,  by far, the worst song, both musically and lyrically, on this album (and  I'm not really putting it below Interstellar Overdrive, which in my mind  doesn't fit into the genre of &quot;song&quot;).  Any 5-year-old could've  invented this one - granted, a 5-year-old who's on drugs and can really  pound the drums.
B000003BDJ|5.0|Disc two is probably better than disc one, but they are both superb.  The  Stones definitely were better before 1975, and this album shows it.  These  songs are some of the greatest in Rock history.  If you are a Stones fan,  you cannot be without this one.  If you're a new fan of the Stones, get  this album to hear just how good they were from 1964-1971.  Some of the  best music since the 1960's.
B000001FY7|5.0|Marley's &quot;Kaya&quot; is pure Jamaican funk. Of all his perviously  released albums, &quot;Kaya&quot; blended understatement, smooth grooves,  and an addictive Bass/Drum beats. This album migrated Raggae in the  mainstream in the late Seveties. Gems such as &quot;Kaya&quot;, &quot;Is  this Love&quot;, &quot;Satisfy My Soul&quot;, and &quot;She's Gone&quot;  make it Marley's most balanced CD. Skip all the cheezy Marley compilations  and buy the real thing - Kaya!
0679720200|5.0|Un libro magnfico, que retrata aquellos excepcionalmente las sensaciones  de aquellos que nunca se dejaron llevar demasiado por lo que dicta la  sociedad.
B00000JGOH|3.0|The lighting and videography was great, but Shakespeare was portrayed as  one who couldn't be inspired unless he got laid.  I loved Kenneth Branagh's  Twelth Night much more.
B000002NHN|5.0|We sure were predisposed to like the film \\"Ever After\\" when we saw the  trailer and heard \\"The Mummer's Dance\\" used as the introductory music.  Loreena McKennitt's \\"The Book of Secrets\\" CD is one of my favorite early  morning albums with a rather unique fusion of Celtic melodies with Middle  Eastern rhythms best represented on \\"Marco Polo.\\"  I also like the Russian  flavor on \\"Night Ride Across the Caucaus,\\" which just makes me more  appreciative of McKennitt's ability to adapt music from different  traditions to her own ends (similar to what Paul Simon did in South Africa  or Page &amp; Plant in Northern Africa).<br />McKennitt can also use her  voice to nice effect, even without lyrics as she does in the \\"Prologue.\\"  The longest track on the album is her adaptation of the Alfred Noyes poem  \\"The Highwayman.\\"  That poem was an elementary school staple when I was a  mere lad, but it has probably long since disappeared from the curriculum.  To those of us who had to memorize parts of the darn thing thirty years ago  there is certainly a nostalgic quality to listening to her abridgment (take  special notice of how drums are used in the background in the last  stanzas).<br />A special treat are McKennitt's liner notes, when she  explains where she was (Istanbul, Tuscany, etc.), what she was reading, and  what she was thinking when she composed these songs.  Such insights into  the songwriter's craft are always appreciated but usually not so elegant.<br />If you like this album, I would suggest you check out \\"The Mask And  Mirror\\" next.  Thanks.
B00004X01U|5.0|I can say a few things about this record.  There is one thing that really  sticks out in my mind, and it's consistency.  Every song on this record is  good enough to be on the radio.  All the songs have something to offer.  Whether it's vocal distortions or vocal rawness it just comes out  beautifully.<br />Madonna has really upped the ante here.  She took what she  was experimenting with in &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and kicked it into a  higher gear than before.  There was no reinvention here, just plain old  evolution into something better.<br />Most notable tracks:  &quot;Impressive  Instant&quot; &quot;What it Feels Like for a Girl&quot; &quot;Don't Tell  Me&quot; and &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;.
6304609825|5.0|In comparison to the tripe that Disney produces now, this movie is even  more classic than it was when it was first made. The classic story of  &quot;Sleeping Beauty&quot; was ALMOST never better-produced (I still think  the &quot;Faerie Tale Theatre&quot; version is best, sadly not produced  anymore)<br />The animation is unusual for a Disney production--it adds length  and the appearance of fitness to the bodies of the humans, while making the  fairies... rotund? But the animation, rather than making the characters  look like the Barbie-and-Ken bodies of &quot;Pocahontas&quot; makes them  look beautiful and noble. In addition, the scenery in the movie is  breathtaking--the interior of the castle, the fields in which Maleficent  and the prince do battle, and the forest where Aurora first meets  Philip.<br />A baby princess is born to a kindly king and queen, who invite  hundreds to the celebration--including three fairies to bestow blessings on  the baby. But the evil witch Maleficent shows up as well--and curses baby  Aurora with death on her sixteenth birthday. But the third fairy is able to  soften the curse into sleep until a kiss wakens her.<br />And for added  safety, the fairies take Aurora, under the name &quot;Briar Rose&quot; out  to the forest to raise her. All goes smoothly until she falls in love with  a young man in the forest, but is told that she is betrothed to Prince  Philip. Guess who the young man is.<br />As her sixteenth birthday approaches,  the fairies bring Briar Rose back to the castle--only to discover that  they're delivering her straight into Maleficent's grasp.<br />Maleficent still  holds the record for best Disney villain--we don't need any explanation for  her evil works, except that she's pure evil! In case the horns on her cap  didn't tip you off! Her acts of evil towards the king and queen, Aurora and  Philip would be acceptable in an adult movie. That's how amazing she is as  a villainess, rather than the blustering morons that Disney has had  recently. She's not obvious--and watch out for her casual jaunts through  her ghastly castle!<br />Aurora was a big improvement on &quot;Snow  White&quot;--the only reason she doesn't decide her own destiny is because  she's royal. And Philip is the perfect match for her--I was in love with  him when I was a kid. He's strong, masculine, funny, and adventurous, and  the final battle with Maleficent is breathtaking in its dark  violence.<br />The music is amazing: the beautiful &quot;Once Upon a  Dream&quot; is a unique song, one that I still remember even though it's  been five years since I last watched the video.<br />And thankfully, the humor  is still sophisticated. Nowhere are the screaming gross-out antics of Timon  and Pumbaa. One of the sweetest scenes in the movie is when the three  fairies get into a massive, impressive fight over cakes and dresses for  Aurora's birthday, one that lasts until the end.<br />A beautiful, dark,  bright movie that adds pizzazz to an old favorite, this movie is a must-see  for any kids who ever dreamed a fairy tale.Disney has had  recently. She's not obvious--and watch out for her casual jaunts through  her ghastly castle!<br />Aurora was a big improvement on &quot;Snow  White&quot;--the only reason she doesn't decide her own destiny is because  she's royal. And Philip is the perfect match for her--I was in love with  him when I was a kid. He's strong, masculine, funny, and adventurous, and  the final battle with Maleficent is breathtaking in its dark  violence.<br />The music is amazing: the beautiful &quot;Once Upon a  Dream&quot; is a unique song, one that I still remember even though it's  been five years since I last watched the video.<br />And thankfully, the humor  is still sophisticated. Nowhere are the screaming gross-out antics of Timon  and Pumbaa. One of the sweetest scenes in the movie is when the three  fairies get into a massive, impressive fight over cakes and dresses for  Aurora's birthday, one that lasts until the end. <br />A beautiful, dark,  bright movie that adds pizzazz to an old favorite, this movie is a must-see  for any kids who ever dreamed a fairy tale.
B00003CX59|5.0|Small-town counstable Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) has been sent to the  quitely spooky town of Sleepy Hollow to discover strange goings-on  involving sevred heads. When he gets there, he is convinced by the  towns-people that it is a ghost without a head, whom they call The Headless  Horseman that is the decapitating monster. He believes that what they are  telling him is utter drivel, but when things get really scary and  unbelievable, Crane realises it is something out of this world that is the  decapitating monsters.<br />This film is sheer brilliance, Johnny Depp gives a  Oscar worthy performances, Christina Ricci is sexily mysterious and Tim  Burton gives his best directing effort yet. Sleepy Hollow is one of my  favourite movies, it is a faultless, scary and beautiful movie that no-one  should miss.
B000002J09|5.0|Zoso, IV, Untitled, The Runes Album, it doesn't matter what you call this  album, it is an amazing Rock and Roll record. It's one of the best of all  time too, if not the best. Even if you have never really heard Led  Zeppelin's music before, I guarantee you'll like this album. On this little  44-minute CD, there are 8 big songs, all of which are still played on rock  radio today all the time. Here's a review of all he songs on the  record:<br />1. Black Dog- A great opener with a great guitar riff by Jimmy  Page.<br />2. Rock and Roll- the title basically says it all. John Bonham's  drumming is classic and it's one of Led Zep's hardest rocking, fastest  songs ever.<br />3. Battle of Evermore- The first of 2 acoustic pieces, Robert  Plant's lyrics and voice are purely amazing and stellar. It's not my  favorite on the album, and it takes a while to get used to.<br />4. Stairway  to Heaven- What more is there to say?  Everything about this song, maybe  the most famous rock song of the 70's, is amazing from start to finish.  Jimmy Page's guitar solo is one of the best ever.<br />5. Misty Mountain Hop-  a silly, fun song that has a cool, bouncy feeling to it.<br />6. Four Sticks-  Page shines again on this song with a big bass part by John Paul Jones too.  But it's not the best song either.<br />7. Going To California- The second  acoustic, it has beautiful lyrics and a beautiful guitar rhythm too. This  song is a better acoustic song than Battle of Evermore in my opinion, not  that there is anything wrong with either of these.<br />8. When the Levee  Breaks- This 7 minute closer has booming drums and a booming guitar too.  It's a great way to end an already great rock record.<br />There is not one  thing one with this album, and I recommend you buy this album now, you'll  be sorry if you don't!
B00004X01U|4.0|Selling out is not Madonna's thing. <br />When I'm listening to Music it  makes me think that this again, is a very 'new production'; showing it off  without teaching me a single thing. Re-inventing without re-discovering. I  don't think Madonna wants me to believe in her at all, because she knows  how much I'm living to tell her something to remember. <br />Music is the  place where that lucky star is alone, up on that mountain, swimming on the  surface. The music starts as a storm like ray of light and lifts her  further up that hill. It falls down again because she deserves it. Love  must feel amazing in the end, but nonetheless this Music is gone before you  know. <br />Music is a paradise enabled to balance on different platforms,  with Cher-like, Bjork-like voices, but still this thief of hearts is in  there alone, as a beautiful stranger with a cowboy hat. Intimate but  unreachable, sad but dancable, for friday, not sundays, for everybody to  cherish. Give her one more chance.  <br />At least now I know what it feels  like for a girl.
0593044703|5.0|As Bantam, for some inexplicable reason, persists in delaying publication  of Steven Erikson's books in the States, I wanted to announce for those of  you listening---and for those of you who are unfamiliar with the author but  should be---that the sequel to &quot;Gardens of the Moon has been released  in Britain, and is available through amazon.co.uk.  And yes, in many ways  it is even better than the original.<br />                    If you prefer  fantasy that draws upon the familiar, the tried and true as well as tired  conventions, a storyline that is easily                     recognized and  with which you are already well acquainted, with a main character whose  adventures you can readily follow and a                     plot that is  simple and linear, this is not the book for you. Shifting between a rich  and varied cast of characters, with events taking                     place  at a pace that at times leaves the reader breathless, this vivid and  multifaceted tale contains enough material to fill another                      author's ten books. And, despite all the twists and turns confronting  the narrative, rarely does the story ever lag or falter, instead                      hurtling on through a world so richly imagined and textured that  any other writer must look on in wonder and envy---I know I                      certainly do.<br />                    Stephen Donaldson has hailed the  author's imagination as being &quot;vast in scope&quot; and &quot;almost  frighteningly fecund.&quot; I could not                     agree more.  This is a work that demands the reader's attention: so much is taking place  that if you blink you may miss it. Though                     at times the  author's prolific weaving of plot threads and imaginative furies can almost  overreach themselves, never once is the                     reader left  long dangling, instead swept back into the maelstrom of events and worlds  that not so much unfold as rush to berevealed,  anticipation racing over every page. Even in rare moments, when the  narrative's aims seem unclear, the vivid writing                     holds  one spellbound.<br />                    Quite an accomplishment, and not for  the faint of heart. Without a doubt, one of the best books of the year.  There's a new voice in                     fantasy, one as ringing and  exuberant and clear as a legion's clarion call, and it belongs to Steven  Erikson.
B00004X01U|5.0|It is rare that an artist that has been around as long as Madonna has  continues to evolve.  &quot;Music&quot; is bold and, at times akward, proof  of this.  This ten track follow up to her critically applauded &quot;Ray of  Light&quot; is a whirlwind of sound, emotion and melody.  Though not as  cohesive as 'Light', &quot;Music&quot; is a restless exercise in electronic  music.  From the funky opening of the already-a-hit single  &quot;Music&quot; to &quot;Gone&quot;, the disc's somber closer, each track  is a vignette, a new canvas, creating a patchwork of musical themes.  Some  more successful than others.  But what's interesting here is that Madonna  continues to experiment.  The sound of a Madonna song continues to change.  Her lyrics are the only constant and on this outing she allows herself to  relax a little.  Gone is the high-melodrama that was Ray of Light and  instead we have a more down to earth, a more grounded view from the Queen  on high. But, worry not.  There's plenty here for Madonna fans.   &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; should be a nice club hit and &quot;What It  Feels Like For A Girl&quot; is classic Madonna. So, is &quot;MUSIC&quot;  worth a trip to the record store?  Of course.  Madonna has taken a risk in  not regurgitating &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; for the masses.  MUSIC is a bold  brush stroke on an already impressive canvas.
B000002MZ9|1.0|I have been listening to Neil for over 20 years now and I have seen him a  couple times and stuck by him thru trans and shocking pinks...I love all  his work ...neil could fart and it would be brilliant....EXCEPT this album  SUCKS.  Leave it to an overated pretentious band like Pearl jam to screw up  a a neil young album.  Neil please dont hang with them anymore
B00000AFDW|4.0|Well, when I heard news about that cd, I was imagining as it would be the such expected return of Kiss. I would like to say that Kiss is one of my  favorite bands, and even so, I was  worried about that return. Old classics  in a new version ? I didn't really know what to wait. Suddenly, it arrived  to my hands and...what a jewel.   Perfect? No, it is not perfect,  unhappily, and that it didn't win the five stars, but it is good, very  good.   The musics stay in your mouth and they don't leave your head.  Psycho Circus is fantastic, a musical missile, &quot;Within&quot; and  &quot;I Pledge alliance...&quot;, are fabulous.   All the music are almost  sensational and strong, they make you admire Kiss again,it makes you to  desire of attending again they shows, that you feel that Kiss is one of the  myths of R&amp;R again.   &quot;Into the Void&quot; and &quot;We are  One&quot;, &quot;You wanted the best&quot; - they are music for the fan of  Kiss, that identifies with the band, that  waits anxious for them.     However, two music got me more attention than &quot;Psycho Circus&quot;,  &quot;Dreamin&quot; and &quot;Journey of 1.000 Years&quot;. Paul shows  because he is Paul Stanley, its voice is better than ever. In  Journey...Gene gets giant, a demolition man. Of course, I could not stop  until speaking of &quot;I Finally found my Way Home&quot;....extremely  annoying and tiresome...but...well, just but...it seems that Peter wanted  to repeat the success of Beth and unhappily that wasnt happened.    I  really like a lot that cd, and I recommend as one of the essencials of that  band.
1573225517|5.0|This is the first book that I've ever read that completely romanticizes OCD.  Every character is flawed to perfection and Rob is alarmingly  recognizable.  High Fidelity is for every man that has loved and lost (a  woman or his ambition).  Definitely on my desert island top 5.
B00003CXE7|5.0|AWESOME is the only word that can properly describe this film!  I have rarely watched a movie that effected me so strongly with the sheer acting  ability of the individuals on-screen!  These actors wowed me with their  dramatic portrayal of Roman characters!  That is the only way to describe  the brilliant story they brought to life in this movie!  Five stars,  definitely!
B00000IMTF|5.0|The only thing wrong with this release is it is a bit on the short side.  To bad they did not add some tracks with the remastering.  I have a  cassette version and hope that it did not get mucked up in the remastering.   Judging by the RealPlayer and Windows Media samples this is not the case.   I will replace my tape if it ever dies.  Rush's Grace Under Pressure and  Flight By Night are the only recordings that have spent a fraction of time  that this recording has in my tape player.<br />Starstruck sounds like it  could have been a Deep Purple song but most of the tracks are a preview of  what Dio would do as a solo artist.<br />Any Best of Dio, or Rainbow is  incomplete without every track from this recording!  Okay, Starstruck could  be omitted but all the rest stay.<br />At 5 stars this recording is underated.   One of the greatest hard rock recordings ever.  A must own for the serious  hard rock fan.
0375703764|3.0|The other reviews sum up the basics.  Here's what helped me read this  thing.  I read the Navidson record by Zampano, and Truant's story, they go  together nicely and overlap in creative ways.  the footnotes for the most  part can be ignored while you read, 98% of  them refer to written work,  studies, or research material(most if not all of it is imaginary anyway)  Forget its a film, because it isn't. forget that anybody did studies on it,  because they didn't. Just skip it all, seriously, the studies and footnotes  are basically there to help you understand the characters better.  Something Stephen King can do without footnotes and imaginary studies.<br />It did give me the creeps a few nights while I was reading it, kept me  awake once and has had me thinking about it since I finished it last night.  One complaint would be that the author keeps setting this book up as  being something wonderful and life changing and he never backs it up.  The  creepie dark ever-changing passageways stuff is good.  The Blair Witch feel  works better than it did in Blair Witch Project.  The stuff about Truant's  insane mom and her letters are good.<br />an example of his imaginary studies  to describe character motives: example of story text-'Karyn feels bummed  out by creepie stuff that happened in the House that day.' example of  imaginary study-Author goes on for ten pages or so about three imaginary  authors with various imaginary credentials and their opinions concerning  why a person gets bummed out when bad stuff happens at a creepie house.  just skip that stuff, seriously, you can knock a good 3-4% of this book off  and not miss it.<br />word to the wise...don't study this thing like its a  sacred document, you'll just torment yourself like Truant did.  Give it  your attention, but don't follow it off on its tangeants.<br />Enough<br />Read  the book but don't expect too much.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|No, I have not read all 240 reviews, but I'm glad they are here.  My favorite Iron Maiden album is Piece of Mind.  However, the more I listen to this album the more I like it.<br />While trying to find a ride to the Iron Maiden concert I learned that most old Iron Maiden fans are married with children and unaware that Maiden still exists.  They were happy to learn that Bruce was back in the band.  This album could be massive! <br />Also most people under 20 think Metalica invented heavy metal and have never heard of Iron Maiden.  Once they hear of the mighty Maiden this recording could be massive!<br />240+ and most that I have read are positive.  Perhaps soon Iron Maiden will get the married and under 20.  &quot;No matter how near or how far Iron Maiden is going to get you!&quot; <br />Is this the best Maiden?  No, but it is good and the more I play it the more I like it.  Yes, this recording could be massive!
0312932081|5.0|I haven't really read much science-fiction books... I don't really enjoy  the technicality of them: the fantasy genre took me over with &quot;The  Golden Compass&quot; by Phillip Pullman. My Honors English teacher  recommened this book to anyone who likes Fantasy. Although skeptical at  first, (I judge a book by it's cover,) I was very impressed. The story is  very powerful and intresting, I can relate to it. I am a happy owner of  both Ender's Game and Ender's Shadow: the Hardcover editions!
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|Not only does this album completely reinvent musical theatre with a broad,  lush mix of symphonic swells and cutting-edge industrial dance beats, it  provides a brilliant character insight for the film &quot;Dancer In The  Dark&quot; by Lars von Trier which won this year's Cannes Film  Festival.<br />The music is daring and brilliant, bringing to mind the huge  dance numbers of the golden age of cinema. The best songs on it are the  hauntingly touching &quot;I've Seen It All&quot;, a duet with Radiohead's  Thom York, and &quot;In The Musicals&quot; which is about her character's  hiding from reality by daydreaming her musicals.<br />This album is more  accessable then some of Bjork's other work, and is definately brighter in  it's tone. It is one of those rare soundtracks that stands alone as a  striking piece of music, and also compliments the film to perfection. Both  the film and the album are exceptional individually, but together they are  an artistic force that will (I hope) redefine and revitalize the dying  genre of film musicals.
B00004X01U|4.0|Following the multi-platinum success of 1998's Ray of Light, Madonna  follows up with a brand new album which is less introspective. Music is  edgier. Several tracks of the album like Gone and I Deserve It are acoustic  efforts not unlike One More Chance from STR. On both songs, Madonna's inner  feelings are revealed and are closest in mood and content to Drowned World  from ROL. The best track must be What It Feels Like A Girl which would put  teenyboppers like Britney and Christina to shame. Madonna explains how hard  it is (for her) to challenge the odds and rise to the occasion as a  girl/woman. Other star tracks include the funky amalgamation of guitar and  beats on Don't Tell Me and the Beautiful Stranger-sequel Amazing. Overall,  a less serious effort than its predecessor and will inevitably draw  comparisons beytween the two. The key is to listen with an open mind, and  remembering that both CDs are totally different in content and concept.
6304147589|5.0|Even thought the critics panned the film, I though the film was visually  stunning and the cast incredible.  Due to studio pressure and bad time line  editing the truly beautiful story was lost.  Had the film been left it's  original 4 1/2 hour length I believe that &quot;Gone With The Wind&quot;  would have &quot;Got Up And Left...&quot; to make room for &quot;Heaven's  Gate&quot;...
630170648X|5.0|This remarkably clever satire deals with a Polish acting troupe that is  shut down by the Nazis during WWII. Led by Carole Lombard(excellent) and  Jack Benny(never funnier) they become involved in espionage and put their  skills as actors to a new test. Darkly comic and probably still a little  controversial(Nazi comedy is not always received well), but ingenius film  is way ahead of it's time. Just another example of how good Lubitsch can  make 'em!
6305971293|3.0|Halloween 5 had just been released in a Limited Edition Tin. The package  is nice but the Picture is quite bad.It is not as clear as the one Anchor  Bay Released for Halloween last year. Extras is not really much, the  deleted scene is no good.I am quite surprise that they did not remaster the  film and there is only one trailer included which is too little !!!!
0684857219|5.0|This is a wonderful refernce if you like to exercise using free weights  and get bored with the same routine over and over again.  <br />Every excerise  you can think of is in here with big, clear photographs and detailed  descriptions.  Arnold uses the excercises to assemble basic through  advanced workout plans that can be used strictly and aggressively, or  simply as guidelines.  For example, if you don't want to do the clean and  press as a primary shoulder excercise in the basic workout, there are a  half-dozen other excersises described in detail you can substitute.  The  point is, there are a lot of ideas that you, your lifting partner, or even  your personal trainer might not have thought of.<br />Additionaly, he includes  a great section that details ways to impose variations on each of the  excercises such as forced negatives, alternate heavy days, super-sets,  etc.<br />I have used the workouts as templates for my own program.  Arnold  stresses a balanced workout, and I think if you keep that in mind while  looking at his programs and building your own, you will really get a lot  out of this reference.<br />The nutrition section is pretty basic - eat a  balanced 40-40-20 (protein-carb-fat) diet, and stay away from excess sugars  and junk food.  No big surprises.  If you're looking for a complete  analysis of modern vitamins and nutritional supplements, this probably  isn't the book you're looking for.  The nutrition section is probably the  most dated, but the basic message is simple: along with a lot of heavy  weights, stick to whole foods, and drink a ton of water.  Maybe you don't  want to have a couple of eggs and a 1/4 lb steak for breakfast every  morning, but you might not be training for Mr. Universe, either.  Again, I  think Arnold's point is balance. <br />The key to getting in shape is  obviously discipline and consistency - I think using this reference helps  because if you get bored doing the same thing for about three weeks (like I  do) youcan flip through this book and find many many other excercises to  maintain a balanced program, but maybe mix it up once in a while to keep  the gym interesting.  You can also use some of the alternate techniques to  put a new slant on your existing workout.<br />This is a very good reference  if you enjoy lifting or are just getting started and need a little  direction.  I flip through a section or two every few weeks just to get  some new ideas or reinforce old ones.  <br />Take it literally or loosely,  just get in the gym or nothing will ever work!
0064471837|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read! I recommend everyone to read this book!  Sabriel ia a necromancer. . . a person who can travel into  Death, and awaken the Dead. But she is not a normal necromancer, she is  Abhorson. There is only one Abhorson at a time, and Sabriel is the current  one. The Abhorson's job is to bind the Dead. Sabriel has magical bells, and  a magical sword. The bells she uses to bind the Dead, and the sword, to  kill the &quot;living Dead&quot;, Dead who have traveled out of Death into  the Realm of the Living. The sword can slay Hands, Shadow Hands, and maybe  a weak Morchdant. But Sabriel and her friends Mogget and Touchstone have a  bigger, and stronger enemy, Kerrigor. Will Sabriel be able to defeat  Kerrigor? And who exactly is he? Will the Charter live on? You must read  this book to find out!
B00004W510|5.0|Maybe they knew. Or maybe it was a simple twist of fate. But never a band  was named more appropriately.  Probably they thought they were just being  generic because of their history as a back-up band for the Hawk and Dylan.   The truth, as this album proves, is that they were THE Band, as in the  quintessential American Band.  Listen to Levon Helm's southern voice. It is  the ultimate american male voice.  It bends like a river, but it has the  depth of a canyon and the strength of a mountain. Listen to how loose and  tight at the same time this album is.  The harmonies are perfect (check out  the &quot;yodeling&quot; on &quot;Up on Cripple Creek&quot;). Every single  instrument is in the right spot in the mix. And yet you feel as if you were  sitting in the basement with them, singing and jamming along. Everything,  from the sound of the snare to Robbie Robertson's guitar has a  &quot;classic&quot; tone, a tone you have heard in thousands of albums  recorded afterwards. And of course there are the songs.  &quot;The Night  They Drove Old Dixie Down&quot;, &quot;Unfaithful Servant&quot;, &quot;King  Harvest&quot;.  Songs from and about the heartland.  It could be a  Steinbeck novel.  To me, the magic of the Band is that they really  summarize american music.  They sound absolutely unique, and yet it could  be any band that has set foot on a stage. It is &quot;classic&quot; rock in  the true sense of the word.  And this is why they are called &quot;The  Band.&quot;
B00000IL1K|5.0|What a beautiful CD full of wonderful songs, and a dazzling combination of  techno, opera and pop. Sarah's voice is in peak form. Every song is great,  but my own favorites are &quot;In Paradisium&quot;, &quot;Eden&quot; and  &quot;Only an Ocean Away&quot;. Good work!
6305903182|5.0|Despite what everyone else says this movie is great. The dvd has a great  amount of extras too.  This is a great end to the scream movies, or is  it????
B00004WKII|3.0|but I have to say I'm a bit disappointed with this box.  My main problem  is the length:  four discs is great, but the first clocks in at 55 minutes,  the next two in the mid-60 minute range, and only the last breaks the 70  minute barrier.  What's with this?  It's not like there wasn't more good  stuff to include:  more from Monterey, or more from In The West, or stuff  from the old Jimi Hendrix Concerts disc, or Winterland, or more from Isle  o' Wight.  With the extra twenty minutes on disc 1 they could've given us  most of the rest of the old Monterey Pop album.<br />Which brings me to my  second point of disappointment:  it feels like they're starting to scrape  the bottom of the proverbial barrel with this one--not with the live stuff,  but with the studio stuff, which makes up the bulk of this set.  Too many  unrevelatory alternate versions, too many undeveloped instrumental  fragments.  The actual new songs--&quot;It's Too Bad,&quot; &quot;Country  Blues,&quot; a couple of others--are fantastic, but too few and far  between.  Meanwhile, the Hendrix family organization has yet to give us a  real live album from the original Experience (not counting the  mail-order-only Dagger Records stuff).  For my money (literally), they  would have been better off putting out the new studio songs and the most  interesting alternate versions on a South Saturn Delta-style single disc  set, and if they felt they must do a box devote it entirely to live  material a la Stages.<br />For what it's worth, this is the first Hendrix  family project I've been disappointed with.
0780631684|5.0|This movie is amazing, it's funny, scary, jumpy and very gory.  Buy this movie NOW!
6301008944|5.0|This movie is an un-appreciated classic!  It's got everything...even a 'bald Chinese woman with no pants on!'...well, we don't actually SEE her,  but still... I believe the true show-stealer is Anthony Rapp, who play's  Brad's Playboy-toting best friend Darryl. It was interesting to see Rapp,  who I have seen in movies 'Road Trip' and 'Dazed and Confused', and on  Broadway in RENT, at about 15. All in all, this movie should be in every  family's video collection, and it should be re-released on VHS so i can  replace my worn copy!
0451191153|4.0|Ahh, the Fountainhead.  I gave it 4 stars because it is not quite as good  as Atlas Shrugged.<br />But then again, if you are reading this you probably  haven't read that book either.<br />Look no further for a book about a man who  does not know the meaning of the word &quot;compromise&quot;,  Howard  Roark.  Some people tend to take everything very literally (at least  judging by other reviews).  Howard Roark is a man who will not let his  ideals be torn asunder by his coworkers, so-called friends, and associates.   Neither will the media take him down.  Is is an idyllic tale of a man who  did something we all want to do: chase his dream.<br />If there's something  wrong with that, then I suppose we are all in some real trouble and this  book isn't going to help!
B000021XS0|5.0|THIS IS A MUST!!!<br />THIS CD IS PERFECT - And I Thought Images and Words  were perfect.
0618001905|4.0|What a book!  Although they would never admit it, this book surely shoots  down the right's long held belief that evil oppression took place before  the creation of Marxist Communist regimes.  The treatment of native  Africans by royal European colonialists was so attrocious  and  reprehensible that even William F. Buckley should be moved to condemn it.   This book also reinforces the thought that a European in Africa with a  Bible in one hand and a gun in the other is a threat to the life and  property of the native population.
B00003CXFG|5.0|If you check out the reviews in this forum, people either loved this movie or hated it - as clear as black and white.  One good thing that that points  out is that the movie, in one way or another, evicted strong emotions from  anyone who saw it.<br />I personally thought it was the best movie I saw of  '99.<br />I haven't seen the unrated version yet...but that's what I've  preordered.  I'm interested to see any additional footage.
B00000J2KT|4.0|Yes I said I was mad because it wasn't in letterbox folks.  My error!  The truth was brought to my attention, and I apologize.  The film was not made  to be presented in letterbox format, thus there was no way to release a  letterbox dvd.  <br />So here is my final review.  This movie had great  visuals and impact.  I find this movie to be entertaining each time I watch  it, except for the mass grave speech.  (What is with that guys meaningless  speech and annoying voice?)  I have yet to see a scene that hits as hard as  the bootcamp finale.<br />If you miss the 1980's when Vietnam movies were the  top draws you can relive them with this one.  I know you may be wondering;  is this movie as good as &quot;Platoon&quot;?  The answer is no.  But  either was &quot;Forest Gump&quot;, and people loved it!
B00003CXHJ|4.0|This is a great movie.  Don't listen to the limeys who are angry because it is purely fictional.  I don't hear them complaining about the fictitious  nature of their hero James Bond.<br />U-571 is one of the most intense, action  packed movies I have seen in a long time.  I don't go to the movies to see  a hisory lesson...I want to be entertained.  U-571 did just that.  <br />Great  movie, I would recommend it to anyone.
B00004Z4WR|3.0|This movie was great. I didn't really like it the first time, but the second time I loved it. The acting is pretty good for a movie with a plot as dumb as this. It even has two oscar winners. Nic Cage and Angelina Jolie were pretty good at their parts. The extra features arent anything great, but its still worht getting. ........
B00004X01U|3.0|I may not be in the right position to review Madonna's &quot;Music&quot; album yet considering I purchased it only yesterday, but these are my thoughts. I knew before I bought the album that I couldn't expect the sounds found on &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, mainly because that wasn't intended by Madonna in the first place. Something just doesn't seem right with &quot;Music&quot; though. I personally feel that even though Madonna is introducing a newer sound (very unique), it's not all that good. It sounds to me like the loops and sound effects were given more of an effort than the lyrics. The title track is fantastic, but the rest sounds like a bunch of should-be b-sides to me. I admit I may need to listen to it a bit more, because I may end up enjoying it. Track two, &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;, comes off as bizarre and too deep in the techno fields to be enjoyable. &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; is one of the good ones. However, my reasons for thinking this is because William Orbit is the one producing it. I always liked his production the best. Moving on, &quot;I Deserve It&quot; has potential to be considered a ballad, but the odd refrains disappoint the beauty of the lyrics. Once again, I enjoy &quot;Amazing&quot; because of Orbit's production, but I was surprised that Madonna referred to the sound of her soundtrack hit, &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;. &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; would be better in my opinion without the whispering, but the chorus makes up for it, so I will leave that one alone. The same goes for the soft-spoken lyrics in &quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot;. I will let the other songs go. My main point is being that I miss the strength &quot;Ray of Light&quot; had. However, it's not fair to diss &quot;Music&quot; completely. After all, it would be too perfect if Madonna always made a hit album from top to bottom. I just feel the difference between &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and &quot;Music&quot; is too great. And someone tell me why &quot;Cyberaga&quot; isn't on the CD. Now THAT song rocks!
B000000H5J|5.0|Demanufacture is an album which always leaves me with an excited, angry feeling after listening to it. The percussion work is top-notch and the guitar work is fast and furious. The use of keyboards/synthsizers and sequencers are really a great feature because they add some atmosphere to it all. Bell is probably the best singer for what he does. He can bellow and growl and switch back and forth between the two with ease. The strongest tracks on here are Demanufacture, Zero Signal, Replica, Pisschrist (definitely a great song), and A Therapy For Pain. A Therapy For Pain is quite a drastic, and wonderful, change in the mood. It's a droning mood piece, clocks in at nearly ten minutes, though only six of it is actual music. The extra tracks on here aren't really the best part of the album, but they sure don't hurt. The remixes are no big deal either. Overall this cd is worth it. Any metal or death metal fan won't be disappointed in this cd.
0446608955|5.0|Sparks is one of my favorite fiction authors and once again he produces a story that can touch a spot in every readers heart.  I sat, reading the  story and was suddenly back in high school.  I can remember the people that  were teased, remember my first crush, and the first time I truly fell in  love.  What makes this such a wonderful story is that as a reader, almost  everyone can relate to feeling a love as strong as these two characters,  and remorse at its loss.
B000002L7G|5.0|All the other earlier dire straits albums was totally great, the best rockblues albums of all time. And Brothers in Arms is a big and great proof, that this rockgroup can make a album which is very just like the earlier albums, but has some more calm and melancholic cool rockblues music, mixed whith a little bit of jazz. And of cause more speedy songs, like Walk Of Life, (a little  boogiestyle on that song), and Money For Nothing, These two songs is real rockmusic. The songs on this record is very solid, they are cool, nice, strong, powerful, laid back, deep, melancholic, calm, fast, and very smart. Very realistic lyrics, good storytelling. The songs has many storys about life. And like always perfect guitarwork by MK, and the other does also a great job. So far away is a very bluesy and cool song, and your latest trick has a great saxplayer. And songs lite Ride across the river, The mans too strong, is very strong and gives the right emotions and thoughts along whith the lyrics, all songs on this record works well on these ways. One World is a very cool song. Money for nothing has a very powerful and cool video, the whole video is just perfect, it has action, heavy rotation, and a lots of humor, sarcasm, and a little bit of irony, a sardonic song about the good and bad things about MTV. One of the best guitarsongs ever. And this album was a great bestselling blockbuster before, (but is still going strong.), it gave the group big commercial succes, as many already know. But this is just good, its not bad at all, because this album is not a faked album, this album is good whith or whithout the big sucess. Dire Straits made this album on very real and pure ways, it was not an album that was just ment to be a commercial succes, i dont think the cared about if its gonna be a commercial sucess or not- (of cause the care.),- in any way, the album was made to be what it is, whatever its gonna be a seccess or not. And all the sucess was fair. This album is never gonnadie. Its a all-time classic. Totally solid. So if you dont have it, buy it. /thanks.
0684833395|5.0|Heller's book has held such widespread acclaim that it's premise is actually considered a new word in the English Language.  Catch-22 according to the dictionary is \\"a situation in which a desired outcome or solution is impossible to attain because of a set of inherently illogical rules or conditions.\\"  Joseph Heller created the idiom and I believe its widespread use in the English-speaking world is proof that this book is genius.  The books protagonist is named Yossarian and he is a bombardier during World War II.  What is most baffling for Yossarian is that everyone is trying to kill him, people he knows and does not know personally - the Germans, the pilots that fly the planes, the Colonels that force him to be there.<br />What's most baffling is that Yossarian cannot find a logical way to remove himself from the situation.  The Doctors tell him that he may be grounded if he's crazy.  If he continues to fly the missions he would be crazy, but if he asks the doctors to ground him for being crazy they could automatically deduct that he is quite sane and trying to preserve his life.  That's the catch.  Catch-22 - there is no possible situation that could work - a Lose vs. Lose circumstances.<br />Lets just say that Heller thinks little of the situations that men and women must endure during their military careers during a time of war.  The book is poignant, funny, and very readable. It's a long book, but I was sorry to see it end.  For me - Yossarian will still live on and continue to persevere and fight against these Catch-22s!  On a macro scale, we must ask ourselves why we glorify the victories (or losses) that our country undergoes during a time of war - have we won or have we lost the battle - or does it matter?  Did we both lose?  In other words, war is a Catch-22 - nobody wins.  Read this book!
B00004X01U|5.0|I was not at all a fans of Madonna until Ray of Light album.  I was so amazed at how far she could go in Ray of Light.  Much anticipated for Music and it turns out to be very very good.  Not at all just cool &amp; dance-beat tunes, but some very moody things here.  I think Madonna has again placed herself in a good stead and that will lead her to still top the chart and become the trend champion again.  Wow, I am really eager to know more about the work of the 2 producers.  They are really really innovative &amp; creative.
B00004U5J8|4.0|This is a historical review of how NHRA was started, with early video clips included.  It revisits the events and actual record-breaking races  that stunned the competitive world.  Interviews with the people that  pioneered this sport are interesting and informative. I enjoyed this video.
B00004TJTS|4.0|I watched My Dog Skip with a fear that it may be one of those &quot;animal&quot; movies that borders on silly, focusing on the mishaps of the animal.  My Dog Skip is not like those other hack films.  It's a great, bittersweet movie about a boy and his dog, and how his friendship with Skip was a great influence in his early childhood.  Perfect family film.
0486266885|3.0|The so-called &quot;thriller&quot; of The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde seemed like more of a sci-fi mystery to me.  The narration of  killings was not descriptive enough to fit in the category of thrillers  such as Stephen King's Desperation.  (Great book, by the way)  It didn't  mention how the blood ran down Sir Danvers Carew's mangled body.  It just  kind of let the reader's imagination picture that on its own, and this fact  may have made the story a little dull for those with not such great  imaginations. <br />        The story left me thinking about many things.   What kind of conflict took place in the novel?  Was it man vs. man,  himself, or nature?  Is an experiment of this type possible?  Did Jekyll  really have control of his body?  Who committed suicide, Hyde, or Jekyll?   Did they really commit suicide?  These questions are left unanswered in my  head, but at least I have something to ponder upon.<br />        However, I am  not saying that this book was a complete failure.  First of all, I am sure  that it ran chills up the spines of the people in 19th century England who  read this book when it was first published.  The ever-so-popular T.V. show,  the X-files was not in existence to ready one's mind for the violence that  went on in this book.  People were not used to hearing about killings in  stories; this review would've been different back then.  Also, this book  contained a wonderful plot.  The idea of creating a potion to divide one's  evil from their good is very interesting.  It is the style that makes you  want to stay up all night to finish the novel, when you didn't even need  to.  This is another problem with this book.  It was too short.  Brilliant  authors such as Robert Louis Stevenson need to make longer novels with more  then one problem.  This is how Steven King has succeeded thus far in his  career.  Stevenson could have added some extra conflict to the story and  still been able to turn out a masterpiece.  In fact, thiswould've added to  its popularity.  You don't judge a book by it's cover, so why it's  thickness.  This is a wonderful example of this statement, and I would  recommend it to anyone with a good imagination.
1559408898|5.0|&quot;Robocop. Who is he? What is he? Where does he come from?&quot; Like all cops, Robocop is a signifier of power, created from its lack: from  crime (both as desire for power and as measure of society's powerlessness),  from the failure of conventional police to stop crime, from Bob Morton's  need for clout in the competitive corporate world of Omni Consumer  Products, from OCP's need to control Old Detroit. Where does Robocop come  from? Utter helplessness, as Murphy - and with him the myth of American  individualism - is turned into Swiss cheese by Boddicker and his gang,  (further) dismembered by the medical and corporate establishment, and  &quot;reborn&quot; as Robocop: pure video intelligence, identity as screen  and switching center (Baudrillard). Created under the sign of sacrifice  (&quot;We've restructured the police department and placed prime candidates  according to risk factor&quot;), Robo, the image of impenetrability, exists  only through the vicious and total penetration of Murphy.<br />Individualism  and the unified subject are swiss-cheesed as early as the credit sequence,  when &quot;ROBOCOP,&quot; in large block letters, bursts out from the  center of the screen, promising the subject as solid, substantial,  impermeable. A close look reveals the name to have holes in every letter.  Moreover, the camera goes right for - and through - the hole in the center  of the central &quot;O.&quot; Robocop/Murphy is punctured before its/his  story even begins. As the camera goes for the &quot;O,&quot; Robocop splits  into the conflicting identities of Rob and Cop: personal name/professional  function, criminal/law-enforcer.* This prefigures a world of endlessly  reconstructed subjects where Murphy becomes Robocop who becomes Murphy  again (or does he?), and where cops become cop killers and cop killers end  up working for the same people as the cops.<br />In its assault on the  subject, Robocop recalls the paradoxes at the heart of rugged  individualism.Given his hopelessly ambivalent relation to authority, the  American hero ends up an &quot;individual&quot; in uniform. The pioneer  becomes soldier, the private eye becomes cop. In its technoid version,  Robocop, the most unique figure in the movie, is also completely  manufactured: pure company man. Accordingly, Robo's claims to being  &quot;Murphy&quot; at film's end lie in wholesale identification with  &quot;T.J. Laser,&quot; a high-tech TV hero. The biggest paradox of all is  that what little there is of Robocop's individuality - the remnant of  &quot;humanity&quot; and &quot;soul&quot; left over from Murphy - is the  very thing that enables him to become the most efficient technological  weapon in the movie. (ED 209, the machine with no prior human identity, is  just not dedicated, focused, &quot;individualist,&quot; enough to become  the perfect killer cop.) American individualism becomes the final  indispensable ingredient in the corporate technification of American  identity.<br />     A monument to and of the body, Robocop is simultaneously  the denial of sex: the consummate American conflation of materialism and  Puritanism. Sexuality is not only denied, it is turned into violence:  Robocop as mock rapist, shooting a woman between the legs and having the  bullet pass through her dress, emasculating her captor.  The replacement of  sex by aggression means that (re)birth can occur only through violence,  continuing the legacy of American society since the Revolution and Civil  War. Murphy becomes Robocop only through brutal murder, followed by violent  resuscitation attempts at the hospital (equated, by crosscutting, with his  murder) and by a final dismemberment at OCP (&quot;I thought we agreed on  total body prosthesis. Now lose the arm&quot;). With the frontier long  since closed, and overpopulated urban centers imploding, American  regeneration becomes urban renewal. And the new society (Delta City)  becomes possible only through the wasting of the old (Old Detroit) with  high-powered weaponry such as ED 209 and Robocop. Manifest destiny becomes  an inalienable right to destroy existing property merely to build some  more.<br />Significantly, the new never comes - and this gets to the real crux  of contemporary American violence. Like American (non)sexuality, it's all  deterrence. Normally, deterrence is the creation of ever greater firepower  so nothing will happen. In Robocop what is deterred/deferred is not  violence but the creation of a new society. In fact the means (violence)  and the end (Delta City) are startlingly reversed, as Delta City is merely  used to justify the development of killer machines. As Robocop suggests,  American society must, at all costs, deter any situation that would  invalidate violence.<br />This too is a means to an end. What ceaseless  aggression really defers is not peace but the disturbing revelation peace  might bring: that aggression and the enormous American sign system of  violent power are, like Robocop, born out of profound and vertiginous lack.  The deafening blast of American weaponry keeps Uncle Sam from hearing the  silence.<br />Robocop's self-justifying cycle of aggression turns against  itself. The Stars Wars &quot;Defense&quot; system bombs Santa Barbara,  killing two former American presidents. The OCP war on crime turns  completely internecine: Morton vs. Jones, ED 209 vs. Robocop, Robo vs.  Jones. The film's concluding moment is not the eradication of crime in Old  Detroit, but the temporary arrest of crime in OCP - eliminating one  perpetrator (Jones) but leaving a fundamentally criminal corporate system  intact.<br />In Robocop, the upshot of panic cops, splattered individualism,  the American Bod-God, and &quot;deterrible&quot; violence is the  self-replicating, self-fulfilling credo of a panic police state:  &quot;Somewhere there's a crime happening.&quot;
0780620828|3.0|Spawn is a roaring spectacle of a film that has every element that blew me away.Based on the comic by Tod McFarlane,Spawn will have you grasping for more and more.Spawn is awesome.
6305662371|4.0|This is truly the scariest movie of all time and for good reasons. I've read a couple of nonfiction books on demonic posessions including the true  case that this movie is based on. The film is pretty accurate in portraying  certain aspects of posession although it has taken some creative liberties.  (the 360 degree head spin for one)This movie really questioned my belief in  God and the Devil. Like the tag line of the movie says, &quot; the belief  in evil... and the belief that it can be cast out&quot; u must first  acknowledge its' existence before you can ever combat it. and you can never  combat it as a human, you can only depend and have faith in the power of  Jesus to do the saving. It's a very real dilemma. For people who don't have  any spiritual beliefs let alone Christian ones, they cannot understand or  appreciate the seriousness and significance of this movie. But for those  that do, it speaks directly to the faith and spirit of Man. Even if you  don't think about this movie in any intellectual, spiritual or  philosophical way, it still scares that heck out of you and keeps you awake  for nights. No horror movie has yet to compare to this one.
