B00000G3AZ|2.0|....doesn't mean this is a good film.  In fact it is pretty dire.  Paltrow certainly gets into the role as meddling young Emma Woodhouse who, despite her good intentions, thinks far too much of herself and messes things up  good and proper when trying to marry her friends off to eachother.<br />But  this is so evidently awkwardly made that it is embarassing and it  sufficates the briming potential energy that everyone seems to have in this  film.  <br />And Ewan McGregor as the supposed rake who behaves most  inappropriately is incredibly wooden.<br />The only redeeming feature this  film has is Alan Cumming who is terrific as the pompous Mr. Elton - it is  just a shame he is let down by everything else.
0060930187|5.0|<BR><BR><BR>Sylvia Plath entered this world in 1932 and decided for herself it was time to leave, amidst a turmoil of tragedies, on February 11, 1963.  <BR><BR><BR>    The Bell Jar is basically a  semi-autobiographically novel of her madness, self-destruction, and  struggle with her oppressor.  The bell jar is symbolic for the pressures  society has placed on her.  This novel shows her inability to free herself  from the constrictions placed on her life and thus, this begins her slow  breakdown of her mental entity.  Her road to recovery begins with shock  therapy, which only results in resentment.  The novel is mixed with  despair, almost a confessional call for help and her insecurity.  <BR><BR><BR>    Her words are so brilliantly eloquent, yet Plath writes in  such a succinct and simple way, that any reader will be able to absorb her  works and interpret them in his or her own way.   <BR><BR><BR>I definitely  recommend this book, whether or not you've ever read any of the other  Plath's works.
0767824571|4.0|This movie was hilarious, from beginning to end. Some of my friends laughed until they almost choked, which makes me wonder if they had paramedics standing by at the theatres when it first came out. Funny play  on Olde Worlde England was my favorite feature, and utter stupidness of   some of the people even more funny. If you are in for a (rather gross)  comedy, this is the one to get
0790737442|3.0|Another action romp with Gibson and Glover. The obligatory explosions, car chases, and plenty of shooting. Mel Gibson fans will enjoy this flick. Plenty of humor along with the action.
0790731924|5.0|It's been two years since we were with the dual.  Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh are back, and with even more kicks and laughter.  It has some very funny scences, including a toliet and condom one you just have to see.  The  two are assinged to protect a witness, (Joe Pesci).  How are they going to  keep themselves and him alive?
6305750750|1.0|George Lucas -<br />You won't release Episode 1 on DVD.  Why not?  You are dictating to millions of people your preference of them watching Star Wars: The Phantom Menace on VHS.  The VHS quality is very poor, compared to DVD.   I purchased the widescreen version, expecting a much higher quality of  recording on the videocassette.  It is of such low quality (and the sound  is severely limited by VHS - no 5.1 on a videocassette.  The best you'll  hope for is Pro Logic)  that I am ashamed to play it for people.  My home  theater system is of the quality that it makes this low quality piece of  trash show how low quality it is.<br />Don't waste your time.
B000000I02|4.0|Richard Sinclair left Caravan to front this quirky jazz-rock outfit. Dave Stewart(NationalHealth) and Pip Pyle(Caravan)join him in this complex and musically challenging debut effort. Miller's guitar work is somewhat  jazzier than evidenced on Caravan's Waterloo Lily. There could have been a  stronger sense of melody but overall this set satisfies due to the tight  and inspired interplay between the musicians. Not essential, but enjoyable  all the same...Simon
630575067X|4.0|This is one of the best Star Wars movies that I have seen. I enjoyed the fast paced pod race, the battle between the Gungans and the Trade Federation, and especially the laser sword fight between Obi Wan, Qui Gonn,  and Darth Maul. They actually used some martial arts moves in the fight  scene. I think it would have been more appropriate if a man had taken out  the Starship instead of Anakin Skywalker. Never let a boy do a mans job. If  you want to look at a movie with ugly creatures then this one is for you.  The creatures on the Phantom Menace will make the creatures on Star Trek  look beautiful. Jar Jar Binks is a very silly creature and compared to the  others he actually looks better. Overall it is a very good movie and it is  even worth buying.
B000002UR7|3.0|When you love a band's work, it's natural to look back at their earlier recordings and try to like them as much as later ones. Radiohead is without a doubt my favorite band ever, and every other album (including B-sides  like the &quot;my iron lung&quot; EP) are amazing. But this album can only  fairly be described as mediocre. There are flashes of brilliance on it  (Ripcord, Blowout) but for the most part it is just more average early  ninties guitar rock. If you only own OK Computer or The Bends, you will be  disappointed. Buy this record after investing in all the others first, if  for no other reason than to see how far they've come.
0375703764|4.0|This book is not built to be 'popular'; that is, to appeal to the broadest, shallowest portion of the reading public.  This book will require concentration that lasts more than half a page.  If you haven't learned how  to really read yet, this book is not the place to start. To those of you  who love to be challenged in reading, this book is a joy.  Contrary to the  opinion of many of the reviewers, the many and diverse elements added by  the author are not 'irrelevant'; each small piece adds dimension to the  whole that conventional novels cannot display. You will feel anxiety within  the first 40 pages.  If you don't, put the book down and go back to Stephen  King; you aren't ready for House of Leaves yet.
B000000IW9|5.0|Is normal to hear that Appetite for Destruction is one of the best rock albums ever made. It is also normal to hear that is the best album ever from Guns N'Roses. But one thing is for sure: This album is as good(and  maybe better) than Appetite. Use your Illusion II is full of excellent,  unforgettable songs. Starting with Estranged, a nine minutes masterpiece  with a killer guitar work by Slash, and remarkable lyrics by Axl. No other  person has ever written so good about the feelings related to the fact of  losing the one you love and understanding that your relationship just fell  apart. Yesterdays is a simple but beautiful song. Really easy to hear. When  i run out of words is when i try to explain how i feel about hearing  Locomotive. What a song!  Slash is just from another world. Hard and fast  riffs combined with Axl's powerful voice are just amazing. The last three  minutes of this song are maybe the 3 best ever recorded by a rock band.  Only comparable to Stairway to Heaven, Estranged, and the last 3 from  Rocket Queen (also from Appetite). So fine is a gentle song, with an  excellent balance of piano and guitar sounds that allowed Duff McKagan to  show that GN'R is not just about Axl and Slash. He can write good songs too  and sing them with high quality standards. Get in the ring, the song that  defined the name of their world tour is pure rock and roll. Excellent intro  guitars and following riffs by Izzy and Slash. Axl's honesty about his  feelings for magazine's columnists and editors resulted in a really  powerful song. Its really contagious rythm makes impossible not to sing and  jump with these song. Civil war is another classic with an excellent  wah-wah pedal work from Slash. Then we find 14 Years, with excellent lyrics  and vocals from Izzy Stradlin and powered backing vocals from Axl. And one  after another you get through the best group of rock and roll songs ever  put together in one album.  This one is an album to remember. An album to  hearfor years to come, because what the gunners accomplished here is just  to great and beautiful to be forgotten. Maybe we are lucky and we can have  them together again, making really simple, powerful rock and roll, just as  they only can do.
B00000064G|5.0|'Pink Moon' is one of the few albums that I ever heard that just have one guitar, one voice and work beautifully.  Drake, although depressing at times (but who isn't?) continually sends chills up my spine with haunting  lyrics, but mesmerizing melodies.  Since the first day I got it, I refuse  to take it out of my CD player.
0783244320|4.0|I didn't really want to see this movie, but ended up going on New Year's Eve 1999 with my family.   To my surprise, this is a very funny and sweet adventure.  I highly recommend it!
B00000J7RZ|5.0|i think that jennifer is the best female singers out there she can dance, sing and she looks great, when i hear waiting for tonight i want to run right out to the club and get my dance on. my rating on this cd and  jennifer is a 11.i hope she comes out with something new real soon.
B00004RFFM|5.0|Definately one of the best movies of the year.  Unfortunately, I missed Deep Blue Sea in the theaters, but it is unbelievable on video!  I recommend it to anyone who likes such movies as &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;,  &quot;Jaws&quot;, or any other movie with non-stop action! 5 EHTHUSIASTIC  STARS FROM ME!
0790740249|5.0|This was one of the scariest movies I've ever seen.  Sigourney Weaver was amazing as the &quot;drug addicted&quot; psychologist, and the chemistry between the two detectives was very entertaining.  The movie stealers,  however, were the two serial killers--particularly Connick.  This movie  makes you realize how important it is always to be cautious with people you  don't know and not to trust people alone at night, even if they do seem  like &quot;the nice guy next door.&quot;  <br />I would like to see a sequel  to this movie with Holly Hunter &amp; Sigourney Weaver and another  interesting &quot;Serial Killer.&quot;
6305268843|5.0|I saw this on a trans-Atlantic flight I was trying to recommend it to my friends and was not quite sure of the title. One of those subtle movies that draws you in and just grabs you by your heartstrings. Amazing  performances, one of those films wherein you won't feel sheepish for  bawling your eyes out. simply put, a great film. I hope they release it on  DVD! Definitely one VDO to keep!
0767821769|5.0|Several of the reviewers here have said that Julia Roberts was very &quot;unrealistic&quot; in her efforts with the children &amp; her efforts to please the Ex-wife, but I actually dated a man for two years who had  five children, and I played this role in real life &quot;exactly&quot; the  way Julia played it.  I helped take care of the kids, picked them up, coped  with ex-wife's temper tantrums, etc. for one reason.  I was anticpating a  life with this man, and I knew that the better we could all get along, the  better off the children would be.  I did not want to live in a war zone.   So, her part was not so unrealistic.  The ironic thing in my situation was  that I loved the kids, became great friends with the ex-wife, and ended up  leaving the man, who turned out to be a jerk!
B000002LQQ|5.0|Even a art rock band like dire straits can beat Garth Brooks at his own game. this record shines with supberb production and outstanding songwriting. if this is the last record by these guys, whos originaal  membership is down to just Mark K. and John I. than its a wonderful  testimony of their impact on pop and country.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Reviewers have rightly named OK Computer one of the greatest progressive rock albums ever, but not everyone knows about an equally good &quot;mini album&quot; containing six previously unreleased tracks from the OK  computer sessions.<br />I happened to stumble across &quot;How am I  driving?&quot; at a used CD store in Boston for five dollars. I'm not only  shocked that it could be had for so cheaply (while not rare, it can be hard  to find - as of April 2000 it is not listed in Amazon's database) but am  astounded that someone would actually part with such a beautiful musical  effort.<br />It starts out with &quot;Airbag&quot; but from that point on all  the tracks on &quot;How?&quot; are different than those on it's bigger  predessor. Pearly is a rocker with a twangy guitar riff and an addictive  chord progression. Thom Yorke's voice soars and the band is ripping with  energy.<br />Then the songs delve into the experiments with keyboards,  effects and percussion that were so characteristic of OK Computer.  &quot;Meeting in the aisle&quot; is an instrumental that at first seems  quite simple - a repeating phrase of heavily modified guitar, a basic  electronic drum, and a subtle bass and keyboard in the background. But on  repeated listens the track proves to be quite complex and addictive to the  ear - in fact, it would make a great loop for a moody night.<br />&quot;A  Reminder&quot; is amazing. Hats off to the producer Nigel Godrich, the  sounds of a Japanese train station and those ethereal keys at the beginning  are so sweet. The song builds, and by the time the entire band is playing  you have a smile across your face, it is that  beautiful.<br />&quot;Polyethelyne Parts 1&amp;2&quot; is interesting, it  starts out with an acoustic lament by YOrke, then abruptly breaks off into  a rocker with heavy guitars a la &quot;The Bends&quot;. It too is  wonderful.<br />&quot;Melatonin&quot;: Sorry, I couldn't get into it, the  waterfall of 80s synth chords is the only musical accompanyment to Yorke's  voice, and it is mildly irritating. Thankfully it's short.<br />&quot;Palo  Alto&quot; is a neat song, a simple rocker, and a nice way to finish this  mini album.<br />&quot;How Am I Driving?&quot; can only be appreciated in the  context of OK Computer and the evolutionary step it represents for Yorke  and the rest of Radiohead. If you have OK Computer, this mini album is  absolutely essential.ly musical accompanyment to Yorke's  voice, and it is mildly irritating. Thankfully it's short.<br />&quot;Palo  Alto&quot; is a neat song, a simple rocker, and a nice way to finish this  mini album. <br />&quot;How Am I Driving?&quot; can only be appreciated in the  context of OK Computer and the evolutionary step it represents for Yorke  and the rest of Radiohead. If you have OK Computer, this mini album is  absolutely essential.
0783241569|3.0|When I first saw this movie in theaters I thought it was boring. But now that I've rented it on video I started to like it. The jokes were stupid, they were kind of like the jokes off Four Weddings and a Funeral. But I  still like this movie even though if some parts of the movie weren't funny.  If I had this movie on video I would probably watch it twice instead of  watching it a million times because I might get sick of it.
6305750750|5.0|Any word yet if this movie will be on DVD? Is this another hype thing just like E.T.?  star wars fans are getting frustrated! cut  them a break!
B00004LN16|5.0|I personally think this is AC/DC's best since Back In Black.  I love Angus Young's bluesy-rock riffs. This is pure rock music.  If you like real rock and not that rap-metal XXXX then this is the album for you.
0783241569|4.0|This film was a very nice romance, I enjoyed watching the most english actor acting with an american actress, it was funny a film I recommend if you watched this film is: 2 weddings and a funeral.Its a bit boring when  Julia Roberts and the english guy are on their own( the speech I mean )END!
B000002HMH|4.0|Just because they experimented with new sounds doesn't meanthey sold out. They are more melodic on this album than say AndJustice For All or Puppets, but still have that heaviness as the others.
B000002NC4|5.0|Listen, forget the song samples!  That's like showing someone the Grand Canyon in fuzzy, postage stamp-size black-and-white photographs.  You need to borrow it or just buy it, clear your schedule for the afternoon, put on  the headphones, turn up the volume, and hit repeat.  Don't expect to  understand exactly what Doug &amp; Co are going for on your very first  listen!  This is a mature recording that will reveal itself to you only  gradually, bit by bit with each repeat experience.  Now that I've listened  to it about 15 times in the last few weeks, I've come to discover how  absolutely *perfect* every single note really is.  The way the songs are  crafted is just... so *right*.  Stop the Show has become a favorite.  It  lulls you into following its simple pace and then all of a sudden starts to  build up tension until it explodes in blast of pure energy that will have  you singing at the top of your lungs, &quot;You don't tell me  anything--that's not a dream--that's not a big lie!&quot;  Brilliant.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Garage Inc is a very good assortment of different styles of music. You have southern rock like Tuesday's Gone, classic rock like Bob Seger's Turn The Page, classic metal from Black Sabbath and Motorhead, and punk from the  Misfits, Discharge.  Hammett and Hetfield's guitars sound very good in all  the types of songs as does Hetfields' vocals.
630575067X|3.0|&quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is, in my opinion, the best &quot;Star Wars&quot; movie behind &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;.<br />The story and characters may not be well developed but the action (the lightsaber  battle with Darth Maul) and the great special effects make it a great film  that's a lot of fun to enjoy. <br />It's good that George Lucas kept some of  the themes from the previous films going here: heroism, belief in destiny,  and how evil in any form can be defeated.<br />Should not be missed by fans of  the trilogy or fans of great action films
B000031XCR|5.0|I suppose the person who wrote ht e&quot;poop&quot; review hd nothing better to do with his time. Nor did hte person who wrote the &quot;cheeseburger review&quot;. Notice that neither gave a reason for  their statements. I will for mine. Celine Dion is a wonderful, beautiful  person with passionate, grammy winning music. She deserves nothing less  then five million stars. 3 notes from one of her songs deliver more feeling  and quality than Britney or Korn's whole album. I recommend this album to a  true CEline fan and to anyone who actually has TASTE in music. This is full  of old classics (Power of Love, If YOu Asked me To) and new hits (That's  the Way it Is, If Walls Could Talk). You will not be disappointed.
B000021XS0|4.0|So what if the story is not original?  They're getting better with every album of shedding away excess instrumentation, and simplifying the arrangements to create a great sound.  Some of these songs are the first  ones I can sing along with in a while.  LaBrie, Portnoy, Petrucci and Myung  fantastic as always, and especially Jordan Rudess, who plays tremendously  well for a keyboardist that has never been in Yes. :-)  <br />And on a side  note, I think the hypnotherapist narration makes this album sound really  cool with headphones on in your sleep.
1558908374|4.0|Turning the animated classic into a live action movie was a big gamble, and it worked!  The actors take on the personalities of the original animated characters, including Glenn Close as Cruella De Vil, who is  wickedly over the top.  The quality of the DVD is excellent , with sharp  picture and very good sound.  The only weakness in the movie was the lack  of extras.  Only a trailer, no outtakes or commentary.  Disney should be  able to bring better value to it's DVD's!
B0000026NC|5.0|Pulse is supposedly the best Floyd live album, but this is simply not true. DSoT is better in every way. This is mostly due to the song lineup (Momentary Lapse was a lot better than Division Bell). However, the live  versions of the classics are much cleaner (this is the best version of  Comfortably Numb ever, with the most inspired guitar work I've ever heard).
B0000013GT|5.0|outkast has blown me a away with ATLIENS. this album in my estimation is the best ever.they put real life issuses in terms everyone can relate to. to me this is better than both albums SOUTHERNPLAYALISTIC and AQUIMINI.   with the exception of maybe one or two tracks they have mastered what we  know as rap. their new album STANKONIA which is due for july 2000 is going  to have to live up to this one.do your self a favor and spend the 13.99 to  me its worth 10 times that FOREVER  OUTKAST
B0000026NC|5.0|Pulse is supposedly the best Floyd live album, but this is simply not true. DSoT is better in every way. This is mostly due to the song lineup (Momentary Lapse was a lot better than Division Bell). However, the live  versions of the classics are much cleaner (this is the best version of  Comfortably Numb ever, with the most inspired guitar work I've ever heard).
0385484518|5.0|This was a fast read.  Sometimes we get so wrapped up in our own busy lives that we forget some of life's greatest lessons.  This book helped bring me back down to earth and realize what is most important in my life.   I would recommend it to anyone.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 is the best with their new album they are expanding their horizons.  They are keeping the punk rock but are now adding in songs that are serious like &quot;adam's song&quot;  this album is like showing how  blink 182 grew up through their albums and this is the next stop to being  close to mature.
0452270073|2.0|I was so looking forward to this read, and equally disappointed.  The male characters (with one notable exception) don't seem to live and breathe, and are a sketchy set of characteristics and tics. The one exception (and not a  surprise, considering the author's former work) is a working class Northern  woman involved with one of the main characters. Since the characters are  not particularly involving and the milieu and era is not brought vividly to  life, the book reads as a schematic, rather than a flesh-and-blood, fully  realized work of art.
6304711891|5.0|Like other people have said be careful with the volume settings!   This film is without a doubt the best action film I have ever seen.  Sean Connery is great in his role as an ex-SAS operative.  WATCH THIS FILM!
B000002BQK|3.0|relatively disappointing. In an attempt to cross over to R&amp;B, Carey takes small but sure steps there. That isn't to say the album is such a success. It lacks the consistency of &quot;Daydream&quot; where every song  stood out. The most obvious flaw are the ballads. Too often, they blend in  the background and end up sounding too alike. Thankfully, the other songs  almost make up for the disappointment. &quot;Breakdown&quot; is perhaps the  best song in the album. She uses 'hush-hush voices' to great effect.  &quot;Honey&quot;, the only uptempo song in this release, is catchy in its  own way. And &quot;The Roof&quot; is cool and sophisticated. In fact, the  outstanding songs here are much better than the amazing songs in  &quot;Daydream&quot;. Perhaps after this album, Carey could make a more  consistent and cohesive album?
0393312836|5.0|This book by Burgess explores into the mind of a genious.  The grammar alone brings you into the psycodelic world of the mind of little Alex.  This troubled youth I found to be very funny and witty.  And when the  government stripped him from the greatest gift god gave us, it made me  extremely mad.  Free will is the greatest gift in the world.  I cannot tell  the end but it surely is good.  I would also see the movie by Stanley  Kubrick.
B000002INR|3.0|Skid Row had a lot more going for it than most of its colleagues:  Singer Sebastian Bach's siren wail ranked among the best in metal; lead guitarist Scotti Hill created cutting, melodic solos; and the band's songwriting  abilities were above par.<br />This album isn't Skid Row's best, but it's  certainly the most popular in the catalogue.  Containing the two massive  hits &quot;18 &amp; Life&quot; (the consummate rebel-and-his-conscience  power ballad) and the melodramatic but catchy &quot;I Remember You&quot;  (the first metal song I ever loved).  &quot;Youth Gone Wild&quot; also got  much MTV play in its heyday, and &quot;Midnight/Tornado&quot; packs a  wallop with a powerful chorus.  Most of this album is rebellious macho  rock, but the ability of the musicians (somewhat uninteresting drummer Rob  Affuso excluded) makes it all work.  Just two years later, Skid Row would  unleash a mighty, carnivorous growl that signified one of the first  symptoms of '90s rock, the punk-metal hybrid that would eventually surface  to the mainstream in the form of grunge.
B000031WD9|1.0|this has to be the most boring &amp; predictible movie of the 20th century, and I thought &quot;Something About Mary&quot; was terrible, but &quot;Pie&quot; beat it out. It's nothing but cheap jokes, gratutitous oral  sex and is demeaning towards teenage women. Doesnt compare to &quot;Animal  House&quot; or &quot;Porky's&quot;
B00004RF8J|3.0|This movie is a funny and entertaining cross of man and nature(haha).Well it is funny and Rick Moranis is spectacular.What ever happened to Ellen Greene?(gee,I guess the plant did get her after all)Anyway,Little Shop of  Horrors is a great dvd with or without the alternate ending.At least Warner  Bros finally released it on DVD again.And thank David Geffen for making the  first edition a true collectors item.I guess we all win in the end.Go out  and buy this DVD when it is released in may.Or for the true collector in  you that's just gotta have that alternate ending(cool,I have a copy)buy one  on ebay for alot more and live happily ever after.....tony
0553275976|3.0|Wolfe is an amazing author.  On a literary level this is one of the best books I've read.  The dialogues in the book are marvelous while the writing itself creates some beautifully contrasting and yet similar characters.  The book bleeds social and racial overtones that are devastatingly real and  yet rarely put onto paper the way Wolfe has.  The story is okay, but the  lack of a hero left me detached from the whole thing.  The book is worth  reading however, if only to appreciate the bluntness and humanity in  Wolfe's writting.
0440219078|4.0|I don't totally understand how I feel about this book.  Ibelieve that on the outside The Giver is about utopia, the ideal placeto be.  On the inside, however, their community is cruel.  I do likethe fact that everyone is equal but what about individuality?  I mean how can everyone stand to be alike?  I guess it's because they don't know any better but only knowing their one way of life isn't fair. They need to be more educated with life and the outside world. This book kind of reminds me of a cult with their rules, and the way they dress, and getting jobs appointed to them without their consent. I guess if I think about it, the book had to be a good one because I actually read it.  I never read books EVER but I did enjoy reading this one; it just aggravated me.  I can't stand to be like everyone else, well it's not that I can't stand to be like others, I'm just not your average teenage girl.  I just don't totally understand how people couldn't realize that they weren't themselves. They were almost as one person.  I keep complaining about the book but I did like how the Giver gave Jonas memories and how Jonas could give them to Gabe.  I also liked the Ceremonies for the children.  However, I didn't like what they referred to as \\"release\\" and I didn't like how their lives were just planned for them. They had no choice in anything.  I couldn't live like that!  END
B00000JMOJ|5.0|Well there aint much to say about this film, except that its one of the best ever action films made. One of my fave films ever, prob along with total recall and the terminators. They certainly dont make em like this  anymore....... heheh i sound like such an old git
B000021XR5|4.0|There is no doubt that this is a great 90s rock album. But by all means, don't think that it is a classic. (You want classic, listen to Led Zeppelin 4.) But by today's standards, this album is truly solid, with songs like  Down, Heaven and Hotrods, Pruno, and Sex and Violence that rock with  intensity at or above that of &quot;Core&quot;. Glide is also a great song  that (like previous people said) is anthemic. For all you fans that used to  gripe about STP losing their hard edge since Core, you are bound to  absolutely love this album. However, no matter which album is your  favorite, you will undoubtedly find something you like on this one. My  favorites on this album are I got you and Atlanta, which are much deeper  and emotional than almost anything STP has ever done. A previous reviewer  commented that the lyrics are nonsense, which is true in SOME songs,  particularly the heavier ones. However, it appears Weiland has finally been  able to express his turmoil and constant battle with drugs in the songs. In  &quot;I got you&quot;, he sings about his constant problems fighting his  own heroin addiction (&quot;when my mind begins to wander to the  spoon&quot;). He has never done so good a job expressing his pain as in  this album. Just listen to the chorus, it is beautiful. If the honest,  depressing emotion Weiland is putting into these songs doesn't touch you,  then you need to buy a Britney Spears or N'Sync record. Atlanta, which is a  bit Doorsish in the opening, evolves into a true epic, which STP hasn't  done very many of. Also, Brenden O'Brien's production of this album is  absolutely excellent. Anyways, the album deserves maybe 4.5 stars, not 4,  and although it's certainly not a classic, it's the best damn rock'n'roll  I've heard for a damn long time.
B00004SVID|5.0|...then don't hesitate!  In fact, don't buy this version of the album, buy the limited edition, a must for a real fan.  It is so much better than the original.  GET IT NOW!
B000002KCC|4.0|...I ran to my headshop/record store to buy this album. Having been a fan for about six years previous, I was primed for the next fix. After one listening, I knew that I had heard a recording that would alienate some  fans and critics. It did. These tracks are an open nerve. I don't know if  this is great art, great music, or great anything. But I do know that it is  human, and that is why it touches me...after these many years.<br />They only  reason I don't give 5 stars is that I'm reserving that for &quot;On the  Beach&quot;. A CD release would be great, but I'm not hopeful. After all,  &quot;an ambulance can only go so fast&quot;.<br />Peace everyone. Love you,  Neil.
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall again proves that she is a truly remarkable talent. Everyone of her recordings takes you to places that you wouldn't expect. She obviously loves the music and that comes through on all the songs. Her  voice is uniquely hers and adds character to each of these songs and her  piano playing is just exquisite. I never hesitate to reccommend any of her  recordings.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|If you like the lush, contemplative, anti-pop voice of a woman with a thing or two to say, you've got plenty of choices right now. The last year has brought Diana Krall's \\"When I Look in Your Eyes,\\" Beth  Orton's \\"Central Reservation,\\" Macy Gray's \\"On How Life  Is,\\" and this, Fiona Apple's follow-up to \\"Tidal.\\"    Where  Fiona Apple stands out is the calm that is left when she sheds the  electronica, the volume and the attitude. For all her stage antics and  public tantrums, the girl is one with the piano. Seriously. Balads like  \\"I Know,\\" which has the feel of John Lennon's  \\"Imagine,\\" is a gem.    While romps like \\"To Your Love\\" and \\"Fast As You  Can,\\" makes this album fun to hear in the car, it is the subtler touches that make me anticipate her next effort.
B000002J1S|5.0|Wait... I changed my mind. 7 stars. Well, maybe 8.
B00003CWL5|1.0|This would DEFINATLEY have to be on the the top 5 list of the worst movies I've ever seen. I mean, what stupid idiot would want to go and see a movie about some middle aged jerk chasing after a 16-year-old girl?  To me , this movie is just a take-off Lolita, and the only type of award it  deserved was a golden respberry for &quot;worst movie of the year.&quot;
B00001NFCY|5.0|As a longtime Creed fan, Human Clay is just another example of what this truly remarkable band is capable of doing.  With the recent success stories of Limp Bizkit, Korn, and Kid Rock, Creed proves that plain rock and roll  still lives on.  Scott Stapp and Mark Tremonti's songs deal with such  topics as heaven, rape, fatherhood, vanity, and soul-searching.  The one  song that truly stands out in my mind is &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;  which Stapp wrote a few weeks after he learnde he was going to be a father.   These 4 guys from Florida truly deliver a remarkable album with everything  from rhetorical questions(&quot;Are You Ready?&quot; and &quot;What  If&quot;) to songs that will make you think(&quot;Higher&quot; and  &quot;Say I&quot;).  From a demo tape that cost $6,000 to make(My Own  Prison), Creed proves that muscianship and talent can allow great guys to  finish first!  I would reccomend this CD to everyone to add to their CD  collection.
B00000JQ0E|5.0|I am a person that normally likes to listen to classic rock and 80's heavy metal, but this album is definitely an exception. The lyrics are emotional and thoughtful. The album shines brightest on tracks such as other side and  scar tissue, where Anthony's voice seems to be pouring with felling and  emotion. As a listener you feel the emotion of that music and it keeps you  coming back for more.
0684872153|5.0|Mr. McCourt's recollection of his childhood years is authentic and real. He experienced child neglect and hunger that rips your heart out. I felt his humor was superiorly wooven into the story and that is what kept me  moving on with this book. My hat is off to him !
B00000AFWW|5.0|first of all i really cant stand how people diss hole justbecause courtney is not generally likeable or down to earth. get pastthat because hole is one of the best bands in the past 10 years and this album is a great testimony to that fact. celebrity skin starts out spitting venom with the title track, where instead of building herself into a rock monolith, she degrades her own duality and shallowness along burning riffs that make it an instant classic.  next is awful, where she pokes fun at the commercialization of music and how music is made to appeal to an individual and then &quot;royalty-rated&quot; and sold out.  it also hints at self deprecation.  then comes hit so hard, a sonically awesome song either about being beaten up by your lover or as someone else suggested orgasms.  either way or both ways, its a perfect song and has some really subtle but mindblowing sexual connotations.  the harmonies are incredible.  now comes the huge sonic soft rocker, malibu which combines pop and punk into one beautiful song about destruction and trying to salvage yourself (or someone else?) from a terrible situation.  it is completely one of a kind and ive never heard anything like it before.  i think few bands could pull this song off this well.  the climax of the song is amazing by the way.  up next is an LA anthem, reasons to be beautiful, this song agonizes over the meaning of beauty and trying to mask the pain and misery with a palette of exterior, probably autobiographical.  the sleeper hit of this disc is dying, a quiet and sentimental song probably about being obsessed with your (deceased?) lover to the point of wanting to join he/she in the grave.  THE BRIDGE IN THIS SONG IS AMAZING.  It goes from quiet and somber to this revelation of being finished, the life is over.  Absolute genius songwriting here.  Use Once and Destroy is up next and I dont really like this song as much except for the interesting ending where there is a shift in the mentality of the entire song.  It's still pretty good though.  Northern Star comes up and is obviously referencing her late husband Kurt Cobain.  It's incredibly somber telling the story of a lover lost and almost worshipping him as a spiritual entity.  There are tinges of anger in it and a the climax comes with an emotional thought that &quot;no misery is worth you.&quot; It's very angry and sad but it will make you tear up because there is obviously something very authentic behind it.  Boys On the Radio is next and it should definitely be released as a single.  It is about how girls listen to the boys on the radio and take everything that they say to heart and completely seriously.  It suggests that these girls want to save the rebellious boys from the trials and tribulation of stardom.  It's the most beautiful song on the record and touches on something that is rarely used as a subject of rock music.  It comes at the subject fiercely and paints these girls as indulgent on the beauty of these men.  One could go as far to say that she is talking about girls that are infatuated with pop acts like the backstreet boys.  while it could be made into something horrible, it comes off as something magical and incredible and a growing pain of youthfulness.  next comes another poppy beauty that seems to discuss going completely kamikaze over someone you love. getting so caught up in the advent of love and happiness that you close off the rest of the world and you are prepared to die just to die and go to heaven together.  Very Shakespearean.  Next is Playing Your Song, which is a jump from the sonic splendor and upbeatness of Heaven Tonight.  This song is fiercy autobiographical.  It seems like a manifesto to her late husband.  This one is more built on anger. Anger at the record industry (for presumably capitalizing off of Cobain's tragic suicide) esp. &quot;theyve taken it and built a mall&quot;, anger at Cobain like &quot;your're drunk on apathy,&quot; and anger at fans for turning him into some kind of patron saint because of his suicide.  It's high octane grunge and it is one of the best songs of its kind in recent years and evokes some of the acidic courtney of live through this.  lastly, a powerful look at getting older and maturing (perhaps as a musician), petals tears away the exterior beauty and basically says that after it inevitably leaves youre left with yourself, lonely.  the riffs are atmospheric and haunting and this is a wonderful way to end the album. overall i think that this album is one of the best in recent years and will rise to classic status in years to come.  never has such a fluent, varied album come together so well since Nirvana's Nevermind.  While it relied on self-deprecating angst, Celebrity Skin relies on bitterly honest obsession.  I own 4 copies of CS, if that's indicative of a quality album or my own warped musical taste, you decide.  Buy this one.
B00000IPAX|5.0|From Cheshire Cat to this Junior album, Blink has been at their best.  While this is a rather slower version of what is normally a super-fast punk band, Blink kicks it into high-gear all the way.  With the sappy love song,  &quot;Going Away to College&quot; to the ultra-fast &quot;Party Song,&quot;  Mark, Tom (he'z kewl), and Travis show that not only can they be serious  for once to write music, they can also be funny as hell when it comes to  the lyrics.  Take &quot;Mutt&quot; for example, this isn't your classic  Blink song, yet, when the lyrics come out, you can't help but laugh  &quot;She's open waiting for more/and I know he's only looking to  score.&quot;  Punk/Pop/Alternative, whatever you wanna call it, Enema  cannot be missed...
B000021Y77|5.0|When I watched this movie for the first time I felt like I was riding a 90 minute roller coaster.  And then, after the movie was finished, I wanted to ride it again.  This film is in constant motion, only stopping to let us  catch our breath before it begins moving again, faster and faster.<br />I  enjoyed Franka Potente's performance a great deal.  She really displays a  large amount of intensity, both emotionaly and physically.  She has no idea  what she is doing, but she knows she must do something and therefore she  simply runs, Run Lola Run!
0375707972|4.0|As you read through the reviews of this book, you will find that they are less consistent than reviews of most books.  So many people could not relate to the characters at all, yet so many were profoundly moved.  While I read this book, I was, (like many others who have written reviews here,) amazed, shocked, and intrigued to find myself trying to &quot;forgive the  unforgivable&quot; and sympathize with the incomprehendible.  How amazing  and shocking for most of us to be on the other side of a Holocaust survival  story and try to resolve loving a perpetrator of autrocities.  It is the  fact that the author puts us in this, never-before-imagined position that  gives this book power and identity, and makes it ultimately a literary  achievement.   After putting the book down though, I thought about the  other comments you will find in the reviews, and I thought about the five  years I spent living and working in Germany.   TO quote from another  review, &quot;Most German books never make it &lt;to the best seller  list&gt; because they are almost all devoid of any emotional colour;  austere.&quot;  Just as Italians are noted for being gregarious the German  national character is described as lacking empathy, compassion and void of  deep emotion.   As the author tries to go international with a novel that  will move us to sympathize with the German plight, and paint a different  picture of the German character, he falls victim to the same lack of depth  that has forever plagued the international perception of Germany.    ALTHOUGH his character struggles with trying to emapathize and trying to  understand.  He does so at a distance.  Guarded, safe, without heart.  He  gives the least of himself as he can.  Never giving to the point of risking  himself... the very same crime that Hannah is guilty of.  Compassion  without cost.( )  The author seems to be struggling with whether or not he  did enough, did he betray her - yes he did, as surely as she betrayed the  Jewish women she befriended.  They both befriended to the level of their  own convenience, so we, loyal, sappy, emotional Americans, are left cold
B00000J2SO|4.0|Rumor has it that Ritchie asked Ian Gillan to handle vocal duties on this album,but he declined.With Graham Bonnet-powerful,bluesy vocalist-Rainbow began a new era,as Blackmore's musical taste shifted toward more  straightforward territory.No compromises here;it's still a great Rainbow  classic,revealing another of Blackmore's many musical facets.
B00004S6GL|5.0|I truly believe that Elliott Smith will, in the next few years, release a record that will transcend genre and taste and be universally recognized, like &quot;Revolver&quot; or &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, as one of the greatest  pop recordings ever issued. Yes, even greater than &quot;Either/Or&quot;,  which I still consider Elliott's greatest accomplishment to this point.  &quot;Figure 8&quot; is not the future magnum opus of which I speak, but by  any standard, even as a holding pattern it is a masterful record.  &quot;Figure 8&quot; reconciles and has elements of the three stages of  Elliott's career to this point: 1. the indie rock of his first band,  Heatmiser; 2. the hushed, fragile, minimalist 4-track recordings that made  his reputation; 3. the semi-famous pop troubadour making big-sounding  records for a corporate record label. Elliott sounds much more comfortable  in the big studio element than on &quot;XO,&quot; and if &quot;Figure  8&quot; isn't as passionate and desperate as his earlier recordings, its  comfortable feel enables the listener to simply sit back and enjoy  Elliott's abilities as a songwriter, singer, and musician (he is an  extremely underrated guitarist and piano player). The least compelling  moments of &quot;Figure 8&quot; (in my opinion, &quot;LA&quot; and &quot;I  Better Be Quiet&quot;) still run rings around 98% of major-label rock. The  best songs on &quot;Figure 8&quot; are jaw-dropping in their low-key  excellence and sincerity. Some of the highlights: &quot;Son of Sam&quot;: A  stunner. It starts off quiet, then builds slowly on a solid backbeat and  some glorious background &quot;a-hhhhhha&quot;s. And then the electric  guitars kick in, and the song really takes off. Musically, it's truly  inspiring. It's up there with &quot;Speed Trials&quot; as Elliott's best  album opener.    &quot;Everything Means Nothing to Me&quot;: Just a slip of  a song, kind of reminds me of &quot;Waltz #1&quot; from &quot;XO&quot;, but  much better. Love the piano, angelic harmonies and the wonderful, sadly  ascending (unusual) melody. And when the far-off drums and strings kick  in...wow. Beautiful.  &quot;In the Lost and Found (Honky Bach)&quot;: This  song shows a real growth in Elliott's songwriting and musical chops. It's  based on a rolling, tack piano (think 1880s saloon) part that has a little  bit of classical in it. This is a very cinematic piece of music, one of my  favorites.  &quot;Happiness&quot;: Very George Harrison. In fact, this  whole album seems to be the heir to G.H.'s &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;  in spirit, if not in sheer volume of tuneage. What can I say? &quot;All I  want now is happiness for you and me&quot; is &quot;Figure 8&quot;'s  version of &quot;I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you  anyhow.&quot; More insanely good pop music, with a long, anthemic ending  reminiscent of &quot;Hey Jude&quot; (though the song is only 5 mins. long).  This is probably the most memorable (if not complex) melody on the whole  album.  &quot;Can't Make a Sound&quot;: It starts off pretty low-key and  downcast, but by the end, like &quot;Stupidity Tries,&quot; has built into  a gigantic, crashing, monolithic piece of music. This fills the role of  &quot;XO&quot;'s &quot;Everybody Cares, Everybody Understands&quot; - the  BIG, dramatic song right before the quiet ending. But I think &quot;Can't  Make a Sound&quot; is a much better song.  I've gone on long enough. Buy  &quot;Figure 8&quot;, love it, and wait for Elliott's masterwork -- it's  coming sometime soon.
B00000J2SS|4.0|Released in 1986,two years after Ritchie folded Rainbow,this is a compilation worthy of this legendary band,featuring different versions of Rainbow material and concentrating on the Turner era because,let's face  it,Rainbow did not end with Ronnie's departure in 1978.
B00000DR5I|5.0|I'm a big TD fan, have been since the 70's.  I currently ownabout ten of their albums.  But, I've heard nearly all (they havedozens).  It's hard to choose a favorite, as they vary in style fromalbum to album.  Stratosfear, White Eagle, Hyperborea, and of course the Thief soundtrack are among the best.  But if you only choose one TD album to own, make sure you choose this one.  Rubycon is two long pieces of music, interdependent on each other.  You can fall asleep to it.  But, that doesn't mean it's numbing.  It's a musical voyage through the mind.  It relaxes you without being too ambient, and it enlivens you without being too spirited.  Sometimes, I put my CD player on repeat disc and listen to it continuously.  Get it on CD. The sound is slightly better than cassette, and it beats having to flip a cassette over and interrupt the mood the album creates.
B000002JK4|4.0|In his post-Zeppelin days,Plant managed to change direction while maintaining credibility,due to his tremendous voice and musical abilities.His 1983 effort is a little gem,brimming with taste and  inspiration.
B000044U4B|5.0|We all know that Ride the Lightning is one of the finest albums in heavy metal history, but it has always suffered from one glaring problem: the remastered version released in 1995 was just full of so many holes in the  sound and, as ridiculous as this may sound, seemed to have &quot;jagged  edges&quot; in the sound all over the place.  Enter DCC, who have done a  MARVELOUS job of cleaning up the sound and &quot;softening the production  edges&quot; so to speak.  If you own any previous release of Ride the  Lightning, I'd highly recommend giving this a listen - your ears will be in  for a treat.  The fact that the disc is made of 24K gold doesn't hurt  either; you'll get a shiny gold disc and the best version of Ride the  Lightning available.
B00000IMTG|4.0|Rainbow live were more than a 'rock concert';they were a genuine mystical experience,yet unequaled by any other band.In other words,this is what'catching the rainbow'is all about...and a few beers,of course.
6304795254|3.0|The Game is a good movie - a cool plot with twists abound.  This said, it's not quite as cool the second time you see it, let alone a third or fourth time!  On the technical side, the visual quality is below average  for DVD - the picture isn't very sharp and it suffers from a very low bit  rate.  In fact, the standard screen version is crisper and more colorful -  an obvious disappointment.  The sound is 5.1 channels of ... well, people  talking and that's about it.  You only get the trailer &amp; bios for the  extras, which is somewhat of a disappointment.  Overall, this is a rental  at best; a one-time-wonder movie with sub-par production values.
B00000IMTH|4.0|New musicians to back up Ronnie and Ritchie and another masterpiece,still sounding like an invitation to explore other worlds.Another collection of rock classics,before Rainbow got down to earth...
B000023VR6|5.0|This is best rap cd in years.  At first I thought it was OK, but after listening to it a few times, I kept catching something different on the cd that I missed before.  I've had it for 5 months and can still listen to the  whole thing without skipping songs.  Nate Dogg and Kurupt shine.  Eminem,  Hittman, and Snoop are all tight.  This cd is great.  Thanks for taking me  back, Dre.
B00000J2SP|4.0|With Joe Lynn Turner,ex-Fandango,Rainbow got a more polished sound and even attempted some crossover material with some success.Great songs on this record as one can safely expect from a genius like Ritchie Blackmore.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This is one of the few CDs out there that you can listen to over and over and never get tired of...
B00000IMTF|4.0|While the first Rainbow was recorded with everybody from Elf,except the guitar player,a change in personnel,afforded Ritchie an opportunity to get a little arty.Of course,the Wizard was still behind the mic,for yet another  utterly unbelievable rock album.This is easily one of the best albums of  all time.
B000002LAB|5.0|Unlike Miles's work in the 50's, 60's and 70's; 80's Miles Davis won't impress any of the jazz &quot;critiques&quot; (aka &quot;jazz snobs&quot;).<br />Tutu, is not innovative like Mile's 'birth of cool' in the  50's or his 'bitches brew' jazz rock in the late 60's<br />Likewise it does  not have the brillant musicianship and arrangements in his 'kind of blue'  or 'scetches of spain' period.<br />What it is a brillant pop jazz recording  that I wish I wish the Kenny Gs other the pop jazz artists would take note  of, thus incorporate some kind of innovation and variety into their  cds.<br />Simply put, I can play 'Tutu' and other 80's Mile's work for anyone,  except the afore-mentioned &quot;jazz snobs&quot;, and listen to it myself  alone as well.<br />I have turned people on to jazz by playing such Miles'  80's work, who would be turned off jazz if I played the 'innovative' Miles'  work for them.<br />These people are now listening to Duke Ellington, Woody  Herman, etc instead of Kenny G.
B00000J2SR|4.0|What makes Blackmore great is the fact that he knows how to play whithin a song,as oppossed to mindless soloing.This is very much evident on this 1983 Rainbow offering,showcasing the phenomenal vocal talents of Joe Lynn  Turner.Right up your street of dreams...
B00003CWL5|5.0|This is a great movie.  every american should see it, it is a reflection of what we can turn into.  the wife is a model of all th money grubing types out there, the daughter represents all the people who feel forced  into a certain ideal.  the father is just a person who finally opens his  eyes and sees the lies.  he is the only one who deciedes to do a thing  about it.  it is a great movie...watch it
B00000IMTE|4.0|The Man in Black and the Man on the Silver Mountain joined efforts creating this masterpiece.While there are some similarities with Deep Purple,this album sounds extremely fresh and very,very inspired,alternating  light and shade,power and gentleness,thoroughly poetic  and,also,mystical.Every song on this album is special and a standard for  the genre.
B00003CXDD|5.0|This was my favorite movie as a kid, and I finally decided to buy it.  It is a funny, adventurious, romantic, amazing story and movie.  I strongly recommend it to Star Wars fans because its pretty much the same thing  except in a midevil, fantasy time instead of a spacy, futuristic time. Its  not the same in a bad way, but if you think that Star Wars is cheesy and  stupid than don't get it.  I personally love both Lucas films, but Willow  even more.  OK . . . honostly I think that even if you don't like Star Wars  you should buy Willow because its just a good movie to have in the house,  you know to watch when there is nothing else to do.  Willow is an all round  great movie for all ages, buy it!
0316920045|4.0|Be prepared to read.  Technically, the book is impressive.  DFW crafts 1076 pages containing words you never thought you'd see outside of the OED, references to more drugs than your average pharmacologist could ever hope to know, and a relates a world where the &quot;every-day things&quot; blow  up in your face.  Sometimes comical, sometimes reading more like a  dissertation.  Don't rely much on a plot element.  That's not the goal of  the book.  This is perhaps one of the most anti-climactic books I've ever  read.  It's a thread of stories, vaguely connected, that make you reflect  on some of the things in life you don't normally see anything hidden in.   Tennis.  Drugs and alcohol.  Entertainment and commercialism.  Politics.   Dysfunctional families.  Don't rely on chapters to form coherent points for  you.  You have to think.  Otherwise, you'll only complain about the book  not getting anywhere.  And remember, don't get your hopes up on plot  resolution.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Very good DVD with lots of extras.  Let me start by saying the picture quality on this disc is excellent.  The sound is good, but not as good as I thought the 5.1 mix would be.   I'm sure you know or have heard what the  movie is about, so I won't go into it.  I will tell you it's a funny comedy  that still holds it's own till this day.  Aside from liking the movie, what  really made me want to purchase this disc was the extras which is enough  for any Ghostbuster enthusiast.  Compared to other DVD's out there, this is  a good title, but if you want to get picky, two minor flaws keep it from  being perfect.  The audio, and somewhat clunky menu system.
B000001FSR|5.0|This is my favorite Tom Waits album.  How much do I like this cd?  Enough to just be on the computer with &quot;Frank's Theme&quot; playing in my head and get the urge to check Amazon's site ... to read what I knew would  be glowing reviews of this album.  &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot; is solid  from the first to last track, each song as engaging as the next.  I suppose  most people have a handfull of cds that are constants, ones that you don't  stop listening to for long periods of time or forever ... ones that you can  easily listen to from first to last song without wanting to skip a track or  listen to only half the disc ... well, this is one of those cds for me.   While perhaps not my all-time favorite album, &quot;Frank's Wild  Years&quot; is right up there near the top.  You should consider buying  this cd, you are sure to enjoy it.
B00004R997|5.0|Im sooo glad disney is taking this out of the vault! it belongs in the home of every disney collector! Its the shortest Disney animated feature, but It is also very entertaining! :)
B00004SVID|5.0|As usual, Pink Floyd shows their usual brillence on this Live recording from 1981-82.  There are also 2 previously unreleased songs on this 2 cd set which make this a &quot;must have&quot; for Pink Floyd fans. <br />The  recording quality is first class and the musical content more than speaks  for itself.  This my friends is another &quot;Classic&quot;!  Highly  recommended.<br />Now my question is:  When is Pink Floyd coming out with a  new recording of entirely new material?
0964385619|5.0|Kiyosaki has written a page-turning guide to investing, purhcasing real estate, getting wealthy, etc.  He challenges you to think and shed your old restricting thought processes, and he shares with you new opportunities.  They are so profound yet so simple that you will wonder why we were never  taught these strategies when we were younger.  Even after years of college  and further education, we are still not taught these techniques by our  traditional educational system.  <br />Read this book.  Your mind will be  changed forever, and so will your pocketbook.  I have already taken the  necessary steps to begin amassing my wealth--thanks in great part to  Kiyosaki's philosophies.
6305718954|5.0|I really liked this movie.  Of course, it helps that it had Gabriel Byrne (one of the hottest men in Hollywood today).  I myself think that it brings to light many of the problems lying within the Catholic church today.  It's  a real thriller that keeps you wanting more.
0312853238|5.0|This book was written with skill and is a very good read.  I have read it  multiple times and liked it the same every time.  The plot is one for  children or adults.  I reccomend this book to read on any occasion that you  want to read.  The children in this book almost come alive and make you  care for them and hope for their success.  To me the way that he (Card)  thinks of things to keep the reader going in full interest is great.  He  thinks of things in a way most of us would not normally think of to get  Ender out of his traps and problems.  He presents his ideas in a very  tallented manner and that made it a book that hooked my attention from page  1.  I can only reccomend that you read this book, but you will not regret  it.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I just finished lisetning to this and it rocks. I have always been a big Pink Floyd fan, and this is a must have for any fan. The limited edition is a little more, but it's worth it.
B000009ED0|1.0|This is to Kathryn in St. Clair Michigan. To call this music &quot;hardcore rock n roll&quot;, is a huge insult to what IS rock n roll.I'm not a fan of rap/hip hop or whatever it's called, and to be honest  i'm sick of seeing people like this idolized just because they were on Mtv.  This isn't hardcore. Blood for Blood is hardcore. Metal fans, all you'll  find here is a bunch of Mtv horseshi* Don't waste your money on this. All  the girls that like this album, we all know the real reason you like  this... If this is what rock has de-evolved to, then it's no wonder they  say &quot;rock is dead.&quot;
B000008H1Y|3.0|I'm tempted to give this four stars. I'm tempted to overlook the occasional banality of the music and lyrics (&quot;So, Come on, I'm the whistler&quot;, &quot;Or will these changing times, motor cars, power lines  keep us apart?&quot;, the instrumental interlude in the title song, the  tedious flute and electric guitar introduction to &quot;Pibroch&quot;,  etc.) I'm tempted to forget that Ian Anderson sings, well, woodenly  throughout, as if he is less convinced in this record's worth than I. Never  mind: This is a pleasant and innocuous record, if very far from brilliant.  (If it takes you more than three plays or so to assimilate I have to wonder  about you.) It is certainly much better than the Tulls surrounding it,  better than &quot;Heavy Horses&quot;, better than the dreadful &quot;Too  Old to Rock and Roll, Too Young to Die&quot;, better than the vapid  &quot;WarChild&quot;. In fact it is something of an oasis in a  post-&quot;Passion Play&quot; desert. <br />What especially interests me about  it, however,--and I don't know quite what to make of this--is that it is  all riff. Riffs are juxtaposed; riffs are superposed. There is no  improvisation whatsoever, no instrumental &quot;solos&quot;. Even the  vocals are mostly riffing: the interminable reiteration (interrupted once  with the banal lyric partially quoted above) of &quot;Jack in the  Green&quot; is a case in point. Hmm...
6305627347|3.0|First of all, I am a fan of the Southpark TV Show and have no problem with &quot;raunchy&quot; humor.  I'd like to point that out in case my three stars are considered the typical comment from someone who finds the show  distasteful.  The only problem I had with the movie is that it wasn't  funnier than the TV show.  As a matter of fact, I can recall a good amount  of episodes that made me laugh more often.  The Southpark Movie is pretty  much a good tvshow with extra length.  It's definitely entertaining, but  for lack of a better example, I'd say the Beavis and Butthead movie would  be a safer bet if you'd like an animated comedy TV show extracted into a  motion picture.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Enema of the State shows just how horrible the pop music scene is today.  Blink 182 is an immature, boring band with one type of song repeating endlessly on this CD.  The songs are sung in the same annoying manner  (iambic pentameter gone horribly wrong - one feels as if they are on a  roller coaster listening to the yowls of the singer on &quot;All the Small  Things&quot;).  The only half-gem on this bland and annoying CD is  &quot;Adam's Song,&quot; but even that is soured by the obvious Nirvana  ripoff and melodrama increasing with every lyric.  Don't waste your time.
B00000K2SD|5.0|The Matrix, winning four oscars this year, was  very well done. The special effecects were outrageous. The over-all storylines are hard to explain. Even though this movie was rated &quot;R&quot; {for sci-fi  violence and minor language} I feel it is appororate for younger viewers.  One thing though, there is a part where Ned,{Keanu Reeves} goes into a  building with a trench-coat,and under it is a bunch of guns, and  he ends  up shooting alot,[ well duh!]. To really understand how hard this is to  describe, watch it your-self.
6303477259|5.0|Will buy a DVD player, along with a A/V system when PULSE comes out on DVD. Enough said.
0375707972|4.0|This novel was enjoyable to read.  The reason why it was so enjoyable was because it was easy to read.  I liked the method in which the author  employs historical context to the story. The Holocaust was a dark time in  our world's history.  However, Bernard Schlink makes the pain of this grim  time in history, more bearable because he does not entirely base his novel  on the war.  This novel opens with eroticism  which automatically grabs the  reader's attention.   But, it is not  the erotic confrontations between the  boy and the woman in the book that makes this novel interesting.  Schlink  is also able to make moral claims on the reader leaving them questioning  the actions of Hanna, the 36 year old woman who has an affair with Michael  Berg.  In my opinion, this book was worth the time to read.  One of the  things that I really liked about this novel was the way in which Schlink  makes the story progress through time.  It is the reflection of a man who  reminisces about his past from the age of fifteen to the present time.  His  views change as he gets older and more mature.  The focus of this novel in  my opinion is the story of a man growing up and ultimately realizing that  one should act on his intuition and should not hold back on his feelings.   If one does this, it may lead to regrets when that person passes away.
B00004S6GL|5.0|The pop world oughta be ashamed for not making this guy a star after Either/Or and XO, the two best albums of the 90's. I thought there was no way that he could match them, but he does and in many ways even exceeds the  quality of those two masterpieces. Another must have collection by Elliott  Smith.
0375707972|4.0|This novel was enjoyable to read.  The reason why it was so enjoyable was because it was easy to read.  I liked the method in which the author  employs historical context to the story. The Holocaust was a dark time in  our world's history.  However, Bernard Schlink makes the pain of this grim  time in history, more bearable because he does not entirely base his novel  on the war.  This novel opens with eroticism  which automatically grabs the  reader's attention.   But, it is not  the erotic confrontations between the  boy and the woman in the book that makes this novel interesting.  Schlink  is also able to make moral claims on the reader leaving them questioning  the actions of Hanna, the 36 year old woman who has an affair with Michael  Berg.  In my opinion, this book was worth the time to read.  One of the  things that I really liked about this novel was the way in which Schlink  makes the story progress through time.  It is the reflection of a man who  reminisces about his past from the age of fifteen to the present time.  His  views change as he gets older and more mature.  The focus of this novel in  my opinion is the story of a man growing up and ultimately realizing that  one should act on his intuition and should not hold back on his feelings.   If one does this, it may lead to regrets when that person passes away.
052594527X|3.0|When I read the reviews for this book, I was expecting a magnificient plot with intricate revelations about the artist's little known life. However, when I started reading this book, that was not the case.<br />The pace was  quite slow. At times it seemed ardous to read more than 6 pages at a  sitting. The author took a long time to open us to the characters. She  didn't reveal anything substantial about the artist's life. But I do  commend her attempting to describe the painting process of Vermeer's  work.<br />I did enjoy the confusion of feelings Griet had with her master and  Pieter the Son. How she was torn of her position and desires.<br />All in all,  it was a nice leisure read. And my advice is to not expect so much from  this novel, I think it partly ruined my experience.
B00000AF98|4.0|Crazy Nights was released during a pop-glam-metal era which ushered in some good and bad bands,  and  most bands did make this glam conversion. Kiss just adjusted, and released a solid piece of work. I'll Fight Hell is  good and the last 4 cuts are exceptional! Good over Bad in the end: 4  stars.
0140288503|5.0|Black Hawk Down is not a great literary accomplishment, but it never professes to be one. Rather it is an often too real account of a horrid war which destroyed the lives of good people who tried to do their jobs.  I was  struck, having been friends with one of the brave men who lost their lives,  by the intensity of the account and the insight Mr. Bowden had into the  personalities of these fine people.     I cried hysterically throughout my  reading of this because it was not fiction, and Tom Clancy and the like  could never replicate it.  This was and is real; it reads like a narrative  of true stories and impressions because that is what it is.  Here, in this  book, one relives the moments of confusion, frustration, fear, and bravery.   Everything is raw and riveting.  The very fact that Mr. Bowden was given  access into the closed ranks of the Rangers and Special Forces attests to  the trust those soldiers have in him.      I thank him for allowing me into  the final moments of a dear friend, James Smith.  I will miss him, but his  memory lives on in our hearts and in this Mark Bowden's Black Hawk Down.
B000006045|5.0|Massive Attack's third cd 'Mezzanine' has to be one of the greatest, most original cds ever made.  I bought this cd after hearing the short clip from the movie &quot;the matrix&quot; and I wasn't dissapointed with it at all.   Massive attack's 'Mezzanine' has somewhat of a dark outlined tone, with  good sound effects, and music that twist and turns and leaves your mind  more open than it was before.  Massive attack also has a wide range of  different singers which is good, and not found in a  lot of cds. these  singers including Sara J (dissolved girl) Horace Andy (angel, man next  door, and exchange) and Liz Faiser (teardrop, group four, and black milk).   My favorite tracks on this cd are &quot;Dissolved girl&quot;  &quot;teardrop&quot; &quot;Mezzanine&quot; and &quot;risingson&quot;.  Anyone who doesn't know who massive attack is, is really missing out!
6305358567|2.0|If the puporse of the director was only showing history, without trying to disguise it and shine it above the truth, I could understand the way he made the movie. But that was not the purpose. He wanted to make an adapted  historical movie, with drama, acting and twists in the plot. But he failed  miserably. This movie is boring because you can sense the director was  trying to complete take the realms of the production, not hearing  suggestions from the cast or whoever.
1558216340|4.0|The book really has two distinct sections to it, and both are good in their own way.  The first part details the author's trip to a Siberian work camp.  It is vivid in detail, and is an amazing account of the interactions  with Russian captors and their techniques to try to &quot;break&quot; the  spirit of their captives.<br />The second part of the book recounts the escape  by the author and a small group of men from the camp, and their journey to  freedom.  Although it isn't as vivid as the first part of the journey, it  does give the reader a sense of the drudgery and hopelessness that they  encountered on the trip, and also gave me a real feel for the varying  emotions they went through.  For those people who say that there could  never be this much luck, or that humans couldn't accomplish what the author  wrote about, I say that you never know what you can accomplish until you  are placed in that situation.
0783223358|1.0|Unbeliavable someone can give this pile of garbage a five-star rating!  To show my point of view, I suggest something to you all: why dont you have a private and informal talk with Spielberg himself and ask his real  opinion about this motion picture...? YOull probably hear him say that  this is one of the worst he has ever done, that he did it only because of  the money (the studio pressure was too much) and that he never watched the  movie once after he finished it.
0375707972|5.0|A 15 year old kid and a 36 year old girl.  What could they possibly have in common?  From the beginning, this novel captures the attention of the  reader with passionate sex between these two characters, 15 year old  Micheal Berg and 36 year old Hanna Schmitz.  The novel matures from there  and tells the story of two lovers torn apart.  Hanna takes in Micheal as  her son (with a few more benefits not normally given by a mother) and  protects him and forces him to succeed in his studies.  Micheal lives for  the love he gets from Hanna, with a glimmer in his eye, dedication in his  heart and a book in his hands.  They live through fights and growth; love  and hate; and finally, betrayal.  Micheal is betrayed by his one true love.   How you might ask?  Well, you will just have to read the novel to find  out.  This woman of beauty and love takes from Micheal the ability to find  and experience love again.  The same love that he had experienced with her.   Hanna stole his innocence, and it would never be returned.     This is a  riveting novel that takes the reader through the course of Auchwitz (yeah,  where did that come from?) and a young boys first, and last, love.  Through  trials and tribulations.  Easy reading, but deep meaning.  Simple, yet  complex.  A must read for any personal library.
6302732875|4.0|This seems to be the message of writer Mammet. In doing so, he wrote a marvellous study of human nature in our bloody capitalist modern society. BUt, in doing so with astonishin actors, he pulled the level very high, and  the final result is one that everyone who has ever worked to some company  will never forget. The audience begins to care for the salesmen, wanting  them to suceed and not be fired by the &quot;villain&quot; Alec Baldwin.  What a movie, what a movie. Much better than director`s FOley swindle in  &quot;SPANISH PRISONER&quot;.
B000002BE9|5.0|I first saw Fiona Apple on MTV during my sophomore year in college.  I thought to myself, &quot;Who is this chick with this incredible voice?&quot;  She sounded much older than her years, like an old soul who  has been through a lot of mess.  Her voice was soft like raw silk, and  itmoved like honey through my ears...slow, melodic, and filled to the brim  with longing.  With quiet passion and anger, Fiona introduced me to  &quot;Shadowboxer&quot;.   Then I saw &quot;Sleep to Dream&quot;, and she's  angry, she's fed up, she's morphing in and out all over the television.   Then I heard &quot;Criminal&quot;, saw the video, loved it.  Again, who is  this chick?  I have to hear more!  <br /> I liked the way Fiona Apple got  on the stage and said that the awards shows were bull@$%&amp;!  She told us  to go with ourselves.  SO I kept hearing her music and finally, I broke  down and bought her CD.  Tidal is wonderful story spun by a young girl  burned by passion, consumed by her own introspection.  Fiona's poetic  musings about lost love and survival and betrayal are supported by a deep,  thumping bassline and the haunting piano.  She is wonderful.  Her music  speaks to me, and it's the kind of CD where you can curl up on the couch  and write poems and stories in your battered notebook.  Her rhythms inspire  you like the sound of the hissing rain outside.  Fiona's deep, haunting  voice tugs you into her world.  The world where she is a sullen girl, a  criminal. A world where no one should sleep to dream.
B00003XB8K|5.0|This is the Michael Cretu AKA Enigma's best work since the first album MCMXC, though they are all good. As an avid Enigma fan and listener over the past 10 years, I have come to appreciate Cretu's creative mastery. The  more I listen to it the more I appreciate it.  Cretu is a master at  blending highly complex layers consisting of dance beats with world sounds,  chants, opera and classical pieces. There is so much in each song that even  after 100 listens I still hear new things.  He must use all 24-tracks in  his studio. I admit when I first heard it a few months back, I was not too  thrilled but I wanted to give it time before I jumped to any conclusions or  wrote any reviews--and I must now confess that it was worth the 4 year  wait.  My only criticism now is that I wish it was longer. If you thrive on  intellectually stimulating listening try Enigma, if you want mindless  uninspiring listening try britney spears or any other top 40 act. Just as  the best deals are not always in the sale isle, the best music is not  always on the radio....
0441172717|5.0|I've read lots of science fiction books like all the Star Wars triologies.  Dune is the #1 book, it's very complex and you get involed with each of the characters.  It's an exciting story and I read the book in a week and  I'm pretty young.
0375707972|4.0|I found Schlink's book fun and easy to read.  The beginning was a good attention grabber with the sex scenes and the it ended with some thoughtful  insights on life.  Michael, the main character, becomes fixed on a much  older woman when he is young and can not seem to shake her for the rest of  his life until she dies.  The middle of the book was kind of boring, but  necessary for the end, which I thought was well done.
B00004LN16|5.0|I saw a woman on V-H1 the other day complaining about how shehated these old guys trying to keep up with the youngergeneration. She had obviously never heard of these Aussie rockers. AC/DC is one of the few constants in the universe. They've never bowed to the wishes of popular music of the day. Keeping their sound the same for some 25 years is their key to success. You've never seen Angus Young on an interview telling about his discovery of the genius of Mozart. Never an advocate of &quot;expiriencing&quot; with their music,(like some bands whose name sounds like shmetallica)they've risen to become legends in their own time.  Their power again becomes evident in their latest effort, Stiff Upper Lip. From the rockin' title track, to the defiant anthem of You Can't Kill Rock n Roll, this album makes it clear how AC/DC has survived the many changes that have occurred in the world of music since their beginning in the mid 70's. (...)long live AC/DC!(And buy the album!)  END
B000002AGN|2.0|A fine jazz album for people who are not sure if they like jazz.  The music is pleasing without being offensive, or particularly moving.  Sure it is a fine place to start, but one would hope that a person's tastes would  deepen quickly.  I always had a suspicion that this album was rediculously  over-rated, and seeing the reviews here confirm my feelings.  It's a good  pop jazz album, not as swinging or interesting as anything else back then,  and a bit dated now.  One reviewer said &quot;take out your Kenny G and put  this in,&quot;  I am sure it was meant as some kind of slam on Kenny G, but  it seems like a fair estimation on the impact this record has had on jazz.   I am sure that Jesus likes Mingus more.
6302891272|5.0|The very best I've seen.  Shakespeare's MacBeth has been my favorite classic tragedy since I first encountered it at nine years old when my father brought home records of Shakespearian plays to use in teaching his  high school English literature class.  It had everything: ghosts, witches,  spookie atmosphere, villians and heroes. Since that time I've seen the play  performed many times, but this is my favorite cinematic presentation.  Unlike the Welles version, which seems to be considered such a classic but  which is so dark it's almost opaque, this film creates the brooding  emotional environment with the eye of a painter or better yet that of a  brilliant black and white photographer.  It is a cinematic visual  masterwork.  The Japanese setting and historic period seem entirely  appropriate; Shakespeare himself would have approved.  The approaching doom  and ultimate death of the fallen MacBeth is not to be forgotten.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I've seen American Beauty in theaters 3 times and I think it is the best movie ever made.  It is the most realistic movie about how a family really is.  This movie moves me more and more every time I watch it.  The acting in this movie is better then i've ever seen before.  It relates to real  life families and their problems.  It also is a very sad movie but makes  you think about life in a different way.  The main reason why I am  reviewing this movie is because I read some of the other reviews on here  and I was very upset about what some of the people were saying.  They said  that they didn't understand why it got best picture of the year.  I can  tell you why it got best picture.  It got best picture of the year because  it was a well thought out movie that is completely realistic and has the  best acting i've ever seen.  I can't explain why I like it so much.  It  just really touches me and makes me appreciate what I have in my life. If  you haven't seen it yet, I suggest you go see it right now.  It is the best  movie ever made!
0767835255|5.0|Out of the two airplane films of 1997, Air Force One is arguably superior to Con Air. Air Force One is definitley a great film, and here's why: Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman are terrific in their roles as the President  of the U.S. and a brutal Russian terrorist. but if you want to see slightly  better Harrison Ford, check out his Star Wars films( especially The Empire  Strikes Back). Glenn Close is also very good as the Vice President who  tries to negotiate with the terrorists from Washington. Wolfgang Petersen  does a superb job of directing (Das Boot), (In The Line of Fire). The plot  was believeable, and the plane was much, much larger and better than the  one in Con Air for there was a basement, a large cockpit, and many  different rooms. there are enough hand-to-hand combat fights and gunfights  to fulfill any action fan's requirements. This film is also very stable,  for the plane stays n the air the whole time. Jerry This is definitley an  edge-of-your-seat suspenseful thriller, so buckle your seat belt and enjoy.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I have never owned a CD before that I could listen to over and over again and never get sick of.  Affirmation is loaded full of great tracks, and if I get bored listening to it, I just hit shuffle on my CD player to give it  some variety.  I would recommend this CD to anyone who likes the style of  music that Savage Garden sings, powerful ballads, driving rhythms, and  strong emotions keep this CD interesting from start to finish.  Buy it now!   You won't regret it!
B00003CX5A|4.0|The plot of this film was I think nothing more than a 12 page script ,but the atmosphere of the movie was supirior to what I have seen before or a long time. The sets are very well made and new, the art desing was wonderful,. so hey watch this movie for the art not the plot.also the  acting was very good, I am telling you it was only the script , it was too  complex not well developed.
0451452739|4.0|I think the book was right on. It expresses the Space based mentality of Area 51 with the concept of pet dolphins and youngsters seeing their father take to space and get messages over video cameras until they are their  parents age. Going to Jupiter isn't like going to Mars. Taking a life time.   A little premature because in real life we're still checking out Mars.  Sooner or later the Cuban fiasco or the Chinese fiasco or the Russian  Fiasco will cause us to require our Government to go into defensive  paranoid mode.<br />hence the adventure 2001.  Seven months left y'all.
0780619951|4.0|If you are looking for a litte twisted entertainment TIODM delivers. I made my girlfriend watch it and she had nightmares. As for me, it was just what I was looking for and Brando delivivers a great performance as a  scientist gone mad.
B00000JGHM|4.0|Why did Widescreen Review give this dvd a 5 for picture quality? It has pixel/digital noise problems throughout the movie. The picture is at best a 3. Even with dnr, you can't remove or tone it down. Audio wise, it's one of the best dolby digital soundtracks available. One last question, why would a cunning, intelligent person like De Niro's character come out in the open to shoot Pacino when he could just have easily blast him from the safety of the brick wall? Furthermore, why did De Niro wait so long to shoot Pacino? He cleary had him dead to rights. It's the old Hollywood (typical) lesson, the good guys always win. Overall, a great movie, illogical ending.  END
630575067X|5.0|For those who did not like Episode 1, they simply do not understand the Lucas style of filmmaking. Episode 1 is just the beginning. Lucas didn't show all his best stuff in this film. If you remember the Star Wars Classic  Trilogy, each successive film kept getting more and more exciting.<br />   The  same will be true for the films in the Prequel Trilogy. Episode 1 is an  exciting film, but it will be boring compared to Episode 2. The bad guys  will be meaner, the action scenes will be more intense and the battles will  be more epic. Once you see Episode 2 and 3, you will appreciate the genius  of Episode 1.
0385484518|2.0|This book is more about Mitch's obsession with his annual income then it is Morrie.
0964385619|5.0|I loved reading this book! It made difficult or even scary accounting  principles easier and more compelling to learn. Reading this book helped me  change my way of thinking about money, and even compelled me to learn more  about basic accounting. <br />For a young person who has struggled with debt  already for most of my adult life, this book gave me new insights about how  to prioritize spending, and how to realistically look at so-called assets  and liabilities. I have had no previous knowledge of accounting, but this  book made it really easy to understand the concept of cash flow, assets and  liabilities without scaring me. It also gave me the courage to face my  fears about money (or rather losing it) by helping me understand that rich  people have the same fears, they just know enough to admit them, and take  necessary risks anyway.<br />I believe this is an incredibly well-written,  easy to read book that keeps you coming back for more. My only  disappointment was that it was over.
630575067X|4.0|A:  A few things.<br />1st- I have never seen a movie on DVD, I own one but it's not attatched to a t.v. in my house(I don't know why).  So I could care less about the debate between the two.<br />2nd- On the movie cover for  the VHS it is stated that episode one is set only 30 years before the later  three.  How in the world can this be!   In Star Wars(4) Obi-Wan has to be  at least 60-75.  In E1 he is at most 20-25, if not younger.  In retrospect  so is Anakin; we all saw him at the very end of the sixth movie, and he was  old.  Who ever wrote this jacket must have over-looked the original  movies.<br />3rd- Jar-Jar Binks is not as annoying as people think. I'm 19 and  I found him entertaining.  His whole race added color to an otherwise  totally human movie.  Look at the other three, there were tons of different  species, but in this movie 90% of the characters are human only.  Take out  Jar-Jar's species and you have a boring outer-space movie with nothing but  humans.<br />4th- Natalie Portman played a rather exceptional role as the  young queen. As the Queen she appeared cold and heartless (except towards  her peeople), which is how queens act.  As Palame she played a loveable  teenager. I know alot of teenage girls who act just like her; she played a  very good part. I guess it helps that she is 18. Jake Lloyd played a rather  convincing 9 year old, seeing how he is one(I mean, were you people ever  kids!).  I can recall fonder and happier days when I would yell  &quot;yippie! &quot; at the top of my lungs when happy or excited about  something.<br />5th- At the end of the movie Palpatine makes reference to  Anakin's abbilities.  He says that they will be watching him in the future.   Does this mean that the Dark Emperor already has plans to make Anakin his  next Sith?<br />6th- The special effects were good..ok extremely good.   <br />7th- I &quot;loved&quot; the new idea that a light-saber can be stuck  into a blast door, and also melt it. I guess the batteries were running low  in the later three movies.  I mean, we never saw that much power from the  light-sabers in the forth, fifth, and sixth movies.  Great idea Lucas, but  in a galaxy far, far away...didn't they have rechargeable batteries.  Take  for example that Obi-Wan took up Qai-Gon's saber after he died, and then in  Star Wars(4) Luke gains access to this same light-saber.  Well, ole Obi-Wan  should of at least told Luke, &quot;It's not as powerful as it used to  be&quot;, or something.  About all said saber cut through later was Vador's  wrist! I'll bet Darth Vador had this same problem..seeing as how they were  the only ones to use l-bs, and they had to be from the same time  period.<br />8th- Star Wars Episode One: The Phantom Menance was the best  movie I saw in 1999, and I didn't have to wait but 5 mintues to get  tickets!  This was on the second day it came out.  <br />9th- It's a good  movie.  Don't read these reviews. Just watch it for yourself...and then  come here and write a review for yourself.<br />10th- I would actually give  this movie 4 and 1/2 stars, but it wasn't there.  The acting was excellent,  the graphics were out of this world, and the new characters are just  ansestors of our favs from the later 70's and early 80's. I say we all sit  back and enjoy the ride to come.  After all..we do know what happens in the  end.  Now we're just learing the details that lead up to that end.<br />I  can't help it: May The Force Be With YOU!
6305311463|5.0|If anybody is planning to make a &quot;Special Edition&quot; of a movie, this is a perfect example.<br />Can you believe it? Those guys at Criterion put together eight 30 seconds TV ads... seven 15 seconds TV ads... the  teathrical trailer... the theatrical teaser... a reel of lost gags... a  load of deletes scenes... and much more... the clip of the main song  (&quot;I Don't Want To Miss a Thing&quot;, by Aerosmith)... comments from  Aerosmith... a BIG documentary about the special effects...<br />(and, believe  it or not, they even put a second disc with a Director's Cut version of the  movie... amazing)
6304233965|5.0|Of the two episodes in this video, the best is The Seal.  It is always great to watch the IMF in action.  In The Seal, an ancient and sacred seal has been stolen from an obscure country and in the interest of obtaining  their favor in the Cold War, it is the team's duty to return the  seal.<br />While this is an earlier episode, you can tell the show was hitting  its stride.  All the elements are there: timed sequences, the fake accents,  a magician, hiding in equipment to gain entrances, fake ids and what is  always best - watching the team psych out their prey.<br />I do not recall  having seen this episode and I was surprisingly tense watching this  show...there is so much going on and you know there is always the  unexpected surprise.  This show had everything including a trained cat!   Don't miss it.
0792839730|2.0|I just popped the dvd into my player and couldn't get past the first twenty minutes either. The print they used is really washed out. And Ryan O Neal is SUCH a bad actor, ugh. I used to love this movie... I'm hoping I  can figure out how I managed. It aint no LONGEST DAY.
6305807086|5.0|Being John Malkovitch is many things simultaneously.  With a heady layering of allusion it provides a reductio ad absudum comment on Cartesian dualism while at the same time lampooning modern narcissistic approaches to  acting.  All this and at the same time Being John Malkovitch ranks with the  best of the screwball comedies.<br />The strange world of the seven and a half  (suggesting Fellini's 8 )floor immediately sets the viewers body on edge.   The effect is visceral and sets up the desire to get out of the cramped  space and therefore out of the body.  Very soon there is an Alice in  Wonderland quality with the distorted communication, the tiny doorway and  subterranean tunnel.  This tunnel though takes us to a postmodern  Wonderland. <br />One of the great jokes of the movie is the casting of Orson  Bean as the 105-year-old Dr. Lester.  I last recall Bean some years ago had  a keen interest in the theories of Wilhelm Reich, which involved some  notion life extension and enhanced sexual potency through collecting orgone  energy. To see him reappear as the geriatric lech almost made me wet  myself.  The Spellbound spoofing psychoanalytic epiphany of the chimp was  another high point.
3551551677|5.0|Being German, I read all Harry Potter books in English firsthand and am glad I did, now that I also read Book 1 in German. The translation is not  bad - I graduated on German translations of Alice in Wonderland and know  how bad translations look - but some things about it really made me angry  from knowing I could have done better. It's not only the usual trouble with  puns - every translator gets into trouble with names like &quot;Diagon  Alley&quot;, which was simply translated as &quot;Winkelgasse&quot; - but  some phrases simply lose the slight twinkle in Ms. Rowlings eye, though  German is not a language lacking fun, or magic, or ... twinkles. The poems  (I wonder if there aren't any in books 2 and 3 for translating reasons) are  really badly translated. But what disturbed me most was the changing of  characters' propper names. If they still call Hogwarts Hogwarts, why then  rename Hermione (a Shakespearean name, a true heroine of amazonian rank) to  Hermine, which is a name with a taste of old spinsters knitting woolen  socks? Well at least Harry kept his name ... Still, the translation seems  (for all who have not read the original and don't know the difference) to  be good enough to make Harry No. 1 in German bestselling lists as well as  elsewhere, everyone loves it and screams for more, so the German publishers  have already announced book 5 to be issued in January, 2001 (wonder if Ms.  Rowling knows?) Read this book if you're German and think your English  won't be sufficient for reading the original text (which is really pleasant  to read and will not mean hard work), or if you're a fan and interested in  translations. But if you only want to read a German book, read something  that was originally written in German, like Michael Ende. But if you're  hesitating now, at least read the book in English. No one must go without  Harry.
B00002Z88D|3.0|Before I get torrents of abuse, I have been a Metallica fan for about eight years now, since I was twelve.  Now we've got that out of the way; this album represents a radical departure, especially for a true metal band  and Metallica must be commended for their effort but to tell the truth this  album left me feeling a little cold.  It doesn't seem to come together in  the right places.  Some songs, like 'Nothing' or 'Ktulu' were written to be  played with an orchestra, but 'Outlaw Torn'?  C'mon it's a blues song plane  and simple and where are 'Unforgiven' or 'Fade to Black'?  At times the  orchestra seems to get drowned out, like on 'Sad But True' and then on  other occasions, like 'Master' the orchestra makes the music sound like a  schlock horror soundtrack.   Overall it's a good idea but I guess you had  to be there to appreciate the spectacle.
B00000K19E|5.0|See it, Love it, Live it.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader questions humanity, how do such atrocities in history occur?  What can future generations do about problems concerning the past? Should mankind forget its troubled past?  All these questions come into play in The Reader.  Simple and to the point, The Reader appeals to the senses by  encompassing love, war and sex that finally tie into the big picture of the  Holacaust itself.  Shortened chapters glide the audience through the events  that unfold in the story as the withdrawn hepatitis stricken boy meets the  two-sided seemingly flawless older women Mrs. Schmitz who is later charged  with being a member of the German war machine in the concentration camps.   Schlink gets the point across when dealing with the questions that surround  the concentration camps in a manner that does not need to be of your  typical grotesque scenes of death and annilation. He looks at the  characters and does not resort to sheer violence to describe the horror.
6304675399|5.0|I LOVE this movie! And if you are a HUGE fan of scary movies,(just like me)you would just ador this movie. There are a lot of sceanes with some cursing and gory bloody parts so I would defintly recamend this movie for  probley 18 and up. It is rated R. Well, anyway, it's about somebody who is  killing a lot of people and it seems like when you watch it that everybody  is a suspect! And if you are a big fan of Drew Barrymore, well, in the  beginning she dies.so this movie is very scary.You should watch it very  very soon!
0553573403|5.0|Why you should read this book:<br />1. You've read &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; and feel unhappy because you think you'll never read a book as good as this again. - You're wrong<br />2. You always wondered what it was  like to live in the middle-ages.<br />3. You're tired of characters that are  less intelligent than yourself and want to be challanged while  reading.<br />4. You're tired of semiocre writes living by semiocre books with  semiocre characters doing semiocre deeds.<br />5. You know that  &quot;receiving&quot; means &quot;giving&quot; - and that applies for good  books too.<br />I just feel sorry for everyone that has not read this one.
0671027344|5.0|Far and away, this is one of the best books I have read.  Chbosky's choice of narrator Charlie's letters to an unknown &quot;friend&quot; to tell his story is unique.  Charlie tells only what he wants the friend (reader) to know, and for the narrow-minded, that just may be too much.  The book screams for discussion.  I recommend it for mature young adults, as well as  for adults, with open minds and warm hearts.
0553108034|5.0|Ive never read a sequel that was so good. I would not say that KOK is better than GOT, but it succeeds on a completely different level. Where GOT was a chronicle of a decaying Empire, KOK is a grim, realistic, hard battlebook. Action gets fast and diverse and the speed increases much. So  much that I am afraid of Part III. If it goes on like this, my little mind  will not be able to cope with it all.<br />Next month Ill start re-reading  the books to have it all in fresh memory when Part III comes out in August.
0800193334|4.0|While I am a huge fan of Dahl, this movie is NOT appropriate for children of all ages as many of the other viewers have suggested.  I watched this movie after my 4 year old had seen part of it at preschool. All she talked  about was the &quot;mean teacher&quot; who did &quot;horrible things to  little kids&quot; including &quot;eating a little boy.&quot;  She was  really traumatized by this movie and after watching it, I would have NEVER  let her see it (I'm pretty amazed her preschool let kids watch this movie).  <br />Young children do not have the capabilities to understand this movie the  way it is meant to be understood, nor can they appreciate the humor.
0553108034|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT SERIES TO READ.  ONCE I BOUGHT THE BOOKS I COULD NOT PUT THEM DOWN.  PROBLEM IS I FINISHED BOTH BOOKS WITHIN A WEEK AND NOW I'VE BEEN WAITING PATIENTLY FOR THE NEXT BOOK IN THE SERIES TO COME OUT.  I LIKE  THE FACT THAT IT IS NOT AS FAR FETCHED AS SOME OTHER FANTASY BOOKS.  KEEP  WITH THE REALISM.  AND PLEASE HURRY WITH THE NEXT BOOK!
B00004NRWH|5.0|Nickelback is one of Canada's execllent examples of what comes out of the Great White North, The riffs and the sounds just make you want to go out and buy the CD when you hear the first song, they have another album  before, Curb, it's a Canadian release only, it proves that there is talent  in Canada
B00003CX6P|1.0|Remember the scene in Mrs Doubtfire(and countless other tv sitcoms) where the character leading a double life is about to get exposed and hilarious antics ensue? <br />Well, change the word 'hilarious' to 'suspenseful' and thats basically the jist of the last half of this dreadful movie. Initially  the slow decent into evil is interesting and the cast holds up.  Unfortunately the plot is as manipulative as any hollywood junk and before  you know it youre being led through 2 hours of the ups and downs of  predictable murders and narrow escapes. There's not really much reason to  like anyone in this besides Phillip Seymour Hoffman's smarmy side  character. To top it all off towards the end theres a syrupy  psuedo-psychological explanation of why poor my ripley is the way he is.  Bring the air sickness bags. (...)
0380973464|5.0|I have read &quot;Snow Crash&quot; and &quot;The Diamond Age&quot; and I think that &quot;Cryptonomican&quot; really shows Stephenson's maturity as  a writer. To be honest, I don't think the book could have been as complete  had it been less than 900 pages.  It has all of Stephenson's trademarks; an  intriguing plot, sympathetic and complex characters, and his rich, witty  prose. This book is all around awesome. I found myself dying to get back to  it when I wasn't reading, but I dreaded finishing it.  I also think this  book would appeal to a wider audience than his usual techie and scifi fans.  I found the story lines that took place during WWII fascinating. It is a  vastly entertaining novel full of Stephenson's insights, which, as always,  challenge you to think about things in a way you might never have  considered. GO read it, it's worth the 900+ pages!
0425129586|5.0|I think this book is the best book Iv'e ever read and all my friends think the same. well since I cant really make you read this book im just telling  why you will be missing out on the best book. Its about 10 strangers that  are brought together for what they think is a vacation. But its really a  death trap and they dont even have a clue. 1 by one they each find a poem  and then the next day poof one of them misteriously dies for some unknown  reason. I strongly recomend this book for everyone even if you one of those  people like me that dont really like reading. The way Agatha Cristie writes  the book is so OUTSTANDING that I cant say enough about it. I love the way  it keeps you wondering and the way the poems go right along with the deaths  its just so good. please read this book if youll thank me for it.
B00004SVIK|5.0|What can I say about Pink Floyd's masterpiece _The Wall_ that hasn't already been said?  Nothing, I'm sure.  Though it has had its share of detractors, by and large _The Wall_ has gained cutural and critical status  as one of the greatest albums of all time.  Even now, 20 years after its  initial release, the album's power still grips music aficianados strongly,  and it is turning over new fans every day.  Hopefully, with this release of  a live version of the album, even more will come to embrace the astounding  intelligence, humor, and pathos of this legendary LP.  This version of _The  Wall_ sounds terrific, and, while I somewhat detest live albums, I give  this one five stars.  Rarely does a live album sound as good as the studio  version.  This one does, and, in places, bests the studio version with the  inclusion of two new songs, previously only heard on _The Wall_ film.   Amazon.com's editorial review got it right: if you're a fan, grab this one,  and, even if you're not, if you simply want to appreciate the strength of  one of the greatest live albums ever released, still grab it.  You won't be  disappointed.  (Trite though that may sound, it's true.)
0964385619|4.0|An enjoyable and thought provoking book about very different attitudes  toward money.  A good read for anyone looking for ways to approach their  children about money and wealth creation.  Very enjoyable.
0783222955|5.0|I had to watch it for school, and I wasn't expecting much. However, I really got into it. The movie captures so many emotions that the book doesn't. The acting in the movie was great. The thing about To Kill A  Mockingbird that made it so great was how it touched down on lots of topics  without losing the main concept of the story. You should definitely buy it.
B000002JSN|5.0|Their previous album, Houses of the Holy, had seen them stretch out and try new things, mostly successfully. This time they basically just rock as hard as possible. &quot;Custard Pie&quot; and &quot;The Rover&quot; are  prime pieces of distorted rock, and &quot;In My Time of Dying&quot; is 11  minutes of blues mayhem. This along with some lighter material such as  &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot; and the instrumental &quot;Bron-Yr-Aur.&quot; Oh  yes, and did I fail to mention &quot;Kashmir,&quot; an epic that, like good  old &quot;Stairway&quot;, is beautiful and heavy, light and crushing all at  once? Along with the fourth album, this is a must-have.
0060916540|5.0|Tales of bravery, survival and adventure are thick on the shelves these  days and frequently there is a manufactured air about the events recounted,  a feeling that the author might just have read a few too many Bulldog  Drummond stories in their youth. Not so with &quot;Touching The Void.&quot;  Simpson is not afraid to portray himself in a less than flattering light  when appropriate, yet by the end one has little but sheer admiration for  the man. This slim volume carries a weight far beyond its size and should  be required reading for anyone venturing into the hills and mountains while  still managing to reach something elemental in us all. Scarcely a word is  superfluous. It may not change your life but it will certainly enrich it;  and probably persuade you to take out pretty comprehensive insurance on  your next trip.
6302968135|5.0|This movie is really good and exciting. It shows life as it really happens and lets people better understand the life style that many of us(Chicanos y Chicanas) face. It also shows there is a way out for even the baddest vato  locos.
0880381736|5.0|This is about the best DragonLance book I have read to date. Its the first one I ever read and is a great book for a person who has just started to read the series.
B00000DC7J|5.0|This CD, in its entirety, carried such intensity and passion for life that I could not stop listening to it for weeks. Piazolla is a master of Nuevo Tango. Unlike traditional Tango, Piazolla's pieces sounds simpler in its  construct, yet delivers its essence so much more powerfully. When listening  to this CD, one feels as if every moment is vital. Every moment, in fact,  is. It has led me to listen to many of Piazolla's other CDs, but none have compared to it (in my humble opinion)...truly a powerful form of describing the vitality of life.
B00000K2SC|2.0|Besides the great music, I thought The Matrix was kinda stupid. The acting was horrible, and the sci-fi scenes and dialogue was just too much. The graphics were great, don't get me wrong, but I don't think that it deserved  all of that attention.
B000002JSJ|3.0|There is one outstanding track on this album and then a number of so-so/filler songs. The standout is of course &quot;Achilles Last Stand,&quot; Page's guitar army song with ten minutes of raging sonic  blast. &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot; is a good solid blues rocker,  and &quot;Candy Store Rock&quot; and &quot;Royal Orleans&quot; are fun  little jams. As a whole, however, this record has nowhere near the depth,  variety or power of their earlier work, i.e. the untitled album and  Physical Graffiti. Still worth having for &quot;Achilles&quot;, however.
B000000W5L|1.0|Any backyard garage band could probably have recorded this and done a better job.Unprofessional  poorly recorded,murky,no tunes,non-existant production,need I say more!If you want an album that a bunch of 16 year old  novices could have bettered than get this by all means.Would have been  better with more tunes and glossier production tecniques.Save your money  and buy Abbey Road instead.
0446607274|5.0|I've read all of the Bosch books, and this may be the best yet. The pacing and plot construction are near perfect, featuring Connelly's typically authentic dialogue and character portrayals. The mystery is as convoluted but ultimately plausible as always. Connelly drops hints early and often  (including plenty of red herrings), but he doesn't just hand you the  solution. I've never had much luck cracking these, though I'm invariably  forced to admit that he's given us the means to reason it out, usually in  the most seemingly tangential details.  Angels Flight is another great  effort by a master detective writer.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is my all-time favorite music group, and with their spectacular hits &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;What If&quot;, I like them even more.  I recomend Creed for anyone that likes rock.  I can't wait until their next  album comes out!
0780622642|3.0|Let me start by saying that I really hated the lost in space TV show.  And I was plesently suprised by the film in many ways.  Unfortunatly it still has some rather big problems.<br />I'll start with the good stuff.  Aside from  the film's excelent visuals, Lost in Space actually has a fairly  interesting story(at least near the end).  Thankfully they have dspensed  with the TV show's campy attitude and the movie is quite a bit more  serious.  Also Gary Oldman does an excellent job as Dr. Smith.  He's smart,  nasty, and totally sleazy(everything the origional should have been).<br />But  all this can't save the film from it's flaws. William Hurt, who plays the  father, is a perfect paralell to this film.  Some of the time he acts very  well, other times however he is incredibly flat and actually looks like he  is stoned.  Another problem is that some elements(mainly the robot) have  been retained from the old show.  The robot is almost exactly the same and  realy acts stupid when he decides to &quot;save his friends&quot;.  <br />Lost  is Space is still a good film and worth seeing but it could have been  better.
044100590X|5.0|I only read Dune this year, but I ended up reading it two timesin a row.  This is, by far, the best book ever written in humanhistory.  I've made Dune my Holy Book.  I've never seen /anything/ as richly detailed in politics, religion, and description as Dune.
B000000W5F|1.0|OK so they had a couple of so-so albums,Beggars Banquet and Their Satanic Majesties Request among them,but this is an embarrasment to that great decade of music known as the eighties.Double Fantasy and Tug of  War,released at the same time,are much better than this monotonous tripe  and much better purchases.Try Hot Rocks or Rewind instead as the Stones are  notorious for their filler tracks and this one has plenty,TRUST ME PLEASE!
B00004HYLF|5.0|Back in 1976, albums like Romantic Warrior were the norm in jazz. Bebop and hardbop jazz had &quot;gone underground&quot; as fusion ran its natural course. For older jazz fans, the connection between free form innovation  and electronical pyrotechnics often spelled confusion and misunderstanding.  For those of us who grew up with bands like Gentle Giant, Yes, Genesis and  E.L.P., the album was something of a find. It allowed us to develop  &quot;ears&quot; for listening to older jazz. For me, it didn't take long  to backtrack to Herbie Hancock's Empyrean Isle album or Wayne Shorter's See  No Evil after hearing this landmark release. All by way of saying that,  even after close to twenty-five years, this album holds up remarkably well  (when so many other fusion experiments now sound somewhat stilted and  comical). There should be little doubt in readers minds that this is heady,  trippy, mind-expanding stuff. Its use of electronics (especially synths)  and the fire brought to the interplay of guitars, bass and drums, make it a  tough listen for those who think jazz is all brush-stroke drums and soft,  muted trumpets. Listening to it again, however, I heard elements of  Coltrane and Monk, Mingus and  Bitches' Brew-era Davis...things I hadn't  the first time because I hadn't experienced them. And hearing those  elements here &quot;for the first time&quot; as it were, deeply enhanced my  listening pleasure. Make no mistake, this was, is and always will be, a  jazz album. It may be a highly idiosyncratic release, definitely a product  of its time, but it still sounds soaring, inventive, playful, intense,  winning. A perfect remastering job rounds out the experience. All told, it  achieves what every good reissue should: it allows a recontextualization of  what made it important and reaffirmed what made it essential. Its  intensity, wryness and bold strokes a great romp through diverse fields in  search of 3-D windmills and Moog jesters. Exceptional.
6305750750|4.0|Okay, I grew up on &quot;A New Hope&quot;, saw it 9 times in the movie theatre when I was 5, and of course saw the special edition premiere night in New York.  But I'm also objective.. the acting in Episode 4 is just as  bad, the dialogue is just as cheesey, as anything in Episode I is.  What  did it for us in 1977 was the saga, the special effects, and the subtle  humor that was inherent in the film.<br />In Episode I, Lucas does include the  same elements, as well as a very similar plot line, as the original Star  Wars was.  The special effects were dazzeling, the action was fast, and  there was a deeper dimention of political intrigue not present in the  original trilogy.  <br />Also, unlike the original trilogy, in which 3 no-name  actors, rough around the edges, churned cheesey dialogue, in episode I we  have two seasoned actors, Liam Neesen and Ewan McGregor (with a brief  appearance of Samuel L. Jackson - whom I look forward to seeing more of in  Episodes 2 &amp; 3), who hold their own.  Remember how much better the  acting seemed in Empire Strikes Back and Jedi?  <br />Do not go in expecting  the original Star Wars.  If you do, you will be disappointed... the raw  quality of a new kind of technology and &quot;space saga&quot; is not  there.  But it is a spectacular event nonetheless, and i recommend it  heartily.  By The way... buy the widescreen edition.. from what I  understand it was duplicated in better quality than the regular VHS.
B000002WAD|5.0|Rick Astley stormed onto the pop scene in 1987 with Whenever You Need Somebody.  Even 13 years later, \\"Never Gonna Give You Up\\" and \\"Together Forever\\" are light rock radio station standards. However, if all you know  are those two songs from this release, you are missing out on some  fantastic music.<br />You probably are familiar with \\"Never Gonna Give You Up\\"  - it's a pre-requisite if you're actually looking up Rick Astley here - so  I won't analyze it. The title track \\"Whenever You Need Somebody\\" is just as  up beat, fast paced and catchy and could have easily been another hit. If  you loved NGGYU and TF, you will go crazy for this song. Next is \\"Together  Forever\\" - again needing no analysis. \\"It Would Take a Strong Strong Man\\"  was also released as a single, but it didn't quite have the success of the  other two. That's a shame, because the song is incredibly strong and shows  Rick's depth and sensitive side. \\"The Love Has Gone\\" is a groovin' song  with an r&amp;b feel that continues the momentum that has been building the  entire album. \\"Don't Say Goodbye\\" goes back to the fun pop style so typical  of this Stock Aitken Waterman production. While fun, \\"Slipping Away,\\" to  me, is the weakest song on the album. It lacks depth and direction; it  doesn't know if it wants to be a pop song or an r&amp;b song. Fabulous  hooks and backup singing make \\"No More Looking for Love\\" another pop  favorite that could have been a hit. Another good yet slightly below par  song is \\"You Move Me.\\" The song has fabulous orchestration, and the refrain  is good, but the actual story of the song is a bit, well, strange (his boss  at work firing him because he's infatuated?). The last song, \\"When I Fall  In Love,\\" I will leave to the listener to decide. This was the first time  I'd heard the song, and Rick basically taught me this song (I've sung it  twice on cruise ships, thanks to Rick's \\"training\\"). But this is a  standard, and people don't like artists messing with standards. At least  IMHO, Rick does Nat King Cole justice.<br />This release easily deserves a 5  star rating, and it places among my top 20 releases of all time. There are  always arguments that the content is a bit trite and hackneyed and that the  Stock Aitken Waterman orchestration is over produced. But the bottom line  is that this is a fun, catchy, classic album. I hadn't listened to this  release for years. But as soon as I popped it in for this review, I  remembered every lyric and nuance, singing happily along. What pulls it all  together, as has been echoed by fellow reviewers, is Rick's talented voice  that works so well with the material. This release defined Rick Astley at  the beginning of his career and solidified his position as an 80s pop  icon.<br />So if you never bought a Rick Astley album, but you love listening  to \\"Never Gonna Give You Up\\" and \\"Together Forever\\" on your favorite light  rock station, Whenever You Need Somebody is a must buy for your listening  enjoyment that will be worth every penny.
B00003CWN2|5.0|This film focuses on the true life of Brandon/Teena Brandon, a hermaphrodite who was brutally murdered in the early morning hours of December 31, 1993.  Ater learning there was such a person as Brandon Teena,  I was truly touched by his life...and at the same time I was filled with  anger and sorrow from the horrific ways in which his life was ended-- all  Teena Brandon wanted was to be one of the guys.  When I was informed that  Kimberly Pierce had written and produced a film regarding Brandon Teena, I  knew that I had to see it.  For 4 months I waited, and finally &quot;Boys  Don't Cry&quot; came to a local theater.  I saw the movie, and I must say  Hillary Swank was outstanding in her role of portraying Brandon!  I was  very pleased to see her win the Oscar for best actress-- she deserved it  every step of the way.  This film is a definite must see!  As Hillary  stated in the acceptance of her Oscar regarding Brandon, &quot;His legacy  lives on through our movie.&quot;
0385474547|1.0|i hated this book.  it's horrible.  just a bunch of stories that happened to the same few people. no plot, lousy tales, and distant characters.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Fight Club is a film which explores the possibilities that our minds are capapable of, and the absolute realm of how it can go. Edward Norton gives a dazzling performance as a man who searches himself and tries to find an  answer to the question: &quot;Where am I in life?&quot; This is a question  we all ponder and which we sometimes find a solution in by creating such  characters as Tyler Durden, played by Brad Pitt. Another startlingly  genuine performance by him as well make this a movie not to be missed.
0195067142|5.0|I too had to read this book for a WWII class in college.  All I have to say is that this is one of the best books I have ever read.  Sledge is simple, honest and sincere in telling his story about the adventures, the  horrors, and the triumphs of the war in the Pacific.  I highly recommend it  to anyone interested in an account of the War through the eyes of an  enlisted mortar man in the Pacific. In a word: unforgettable!
B00000I3JO|5.0|[It appears that this release is now only available as an import. I am copying my review I posted on the domestic release here as well, in case the domestic version is now out of print.]<br />To describe The Blue Nile's  \\"Hats,\\" I am compelled to use two words - \\"Brilliant\\" and \\"Blue.\\"  Brilliant, of course, is easily understood. Blue, however, gets at the  truth and heart of this release. It is blue in its depth of emotion. It is  blue in the cool liquidity of the vocals and orchestration. And it is blue  in its strength and cohesiveness. Simply, it is a brilliant blue that has  captured a part of my soul.<br />A brief history will help set the tone for my  comments. I was first introduced to The Blue Nile in late 1989. It was my  first year for a number of things - being at college, living away from my  family and friends, having access to MTV. I was introduced to \\"The Downtown  Lights\\" by MTV; it was a haunting, beautiful, emotional video that truly  struck a chord in my heart. [As a side note, \\"The Downtown Lights\\" was  released as a CD single with two unreleased tracks - \\"The Wires Are Down\\"  and \\"Halfway to Paradise.\\"] I was compelled to buy Hats on the strength of  this song and video. The resulting emotions and lonely nights spent in the  dark listening to this release helped define my emotional turmoil. And  listening to this release 10 years later still has the same power and  effect over me.<br />The release is most definitely \\"blue\\" in its depth of  emotions. The \\"first side\\" trio (the tape release has the first three songs  on side one and the last 4 songs on side two) is best enjoyed when one  wants to be quiet, introspective, and cry solitary tears. \\"Over the  Hillside\\" is deeply haunting and settles in the depth of your soul; \\"The  Downtown Lights\\" pierces your heart with the refrain \\"How do I know you  feel it,\\" which I often found myself calling out; and \\"Let's Go Out  Tonight\\" catches your breath and holds it, just as you hope it will take  away and hold your pain. Now that I have the CD and can program the  playlist, I would also add \\"From a Late Night Train,\\" which embodies  silence and loneliness. The remaining three songs, \\"Headlights on the  Parade,\\" \\"Seven A.M.,\\" and \\"Saturday Night\\" all possess a more pronounced,  slightly bouncy beat that have a more positive, almost upbeat tone to them.  Still beautiful in their tone and simplicity, these songs allow the  listener the catch a glimmer of hope and allow one to return from the  depths of introspection.<br />Blue is also reflected in the smooth, calm,  water-like flow of the vocals and orchestration. I typically prefer  physical depth in my music, that of multiple layers of orchestration and  harmonic vocals. However, in its simplicity, Hats has more depth than even  my most beloved releases. Each note is easily discernable, melting among  other notes and textures and the clear, haunting vocals of Paul Buchanan.  The music is crystal clear in its clarity, and it allows one to peer into  the depths of one's soul, much like seeing to the sandy bottom of Caribbean  waters. The music is the trigger, and the listener empowers the music and  emotions to wash over one and become engulfed in this moment of  self-reflection.<br />The color blue also represents the strength and  cohesiveness of Hats. Taking the term literally, you have the band name  (The BLUE Nile), the sleeve design is predominantly blue, the CD is blue,  and the video for \\"The Downtown Lights\\" was predominantly blue.  Metaphorically, blue represents the emotion of the release, the water-like  flow of the music, and the actual strength and power that the color  connotes.<br />For these reasons, my own reasons, I feel Hats is The Blue  Nile's crowning achievement. Hats became a part of my very being. After  college, I searched out for other releases. With excitement I found A Walk  Across the Rooftops, and Peace At Last was the first album I watched  develop and waited for with baited breath over the Internet. However, while  good releases, these never developed the powerful connection that I have  with Hats. All The Blue Nile's releases might be brilliant, but only Hats,  for me, is \\"brilliant blue,\\" owning a permanent place in my heart, my soul,  my life. <br />You may not have quite the similar emotional reaction I did to  this release. However, if you love music, and if you love to allow yourself  to \\"feel\\" music, give Hats a listen. You too might find this release to be  one of those rare gems that helps define oneself in this roller coaster of  emotions and events we call love and life.
B00004RHZU|3.0|When i first heard &quot;There you go&quot; and saw Pink, i thought she would blow up.  I'll admit she's hot and she's got a voice, but as for the rest of disc, the songs sound formulatic and missing something.  The music  sounds like a sampling of every R&amp;B hit in the past 3 years.  Even the  begining of There you Go sounds like No Scrubs.  The album could use a few  better written songs, and deeper grooves.  But Pink's young.  Hopefully  she's not a one hit wonder.
B000002B5L|5.0|Their second album is nice. The Fugees really ripped this album. Every track is off the hook. When I first heard Fugee-la I went crazy. This is a must get.
B00000BKDY|5.0|i'm a number of the beast guy myself , i hated this record when it came out , i tried to like it but i could never get through it . 14 years later i picked it up after rediscovering &quot;live after death&quot; and this  thing rocks ! after all the korn and limp disco a man can stand , after  hearing metallica turn into barry manilow ... this is a kick in the pants .  this may even be maidens best album . it does not sound dated at all ,the  spinal tapish lyrics are so funny you'll cry and the band is tight tight  tight . very enternaining on many many levels , thanks eddie .
B000002C1V|5.0|How can you review a cd from a band as endlessly analyzed as Pink Floyd?  I won't really even try, just give it a chance.  It takes some time to sink in, but when it does, it cuts deep.  No lame synths, just piano and real  strings.  An excellent texture of sounds, booming percussion, great piano  work by Kamen and some of the best Waters vocals ever caught on tape.
6305807086|5.0|An amazing triumph in film making.  Spike Jonze makes the transfer from music videos to film masterfuly and this si the most imaginative film i have ever seen.  I never got tired of seeing this film, rarely is a film  this exciting to watch.  Very very funny and at some moments touching.   This is the second best film of the 90's behind Pulp Fiction.  If you  haven't seen this film...WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!  It will forever be in  your mind.
6300270424|5.0|This tape ROCKS!  Zep took me on at least 5 trips while I was watching this video, I couldnt believe the special effects.. WOW!  The sound was awesome and the selection of songs.. whew!  While watching this video, I  felt like putting it in pause mode while I go out to buy a bigger tv and  speakers :)
0061002747|5.0|This is a great book!  Full of suspense!   Who is the murderer?   Once you think you have solved the mystery . . . something else happens and you are back at square one.  It's a really good book.  I recommend it to anyone and  everyone who likes a suspense-full mystery.  Enjoy :)
6300274195|2.0|Dumbo really is an animated film for adults. It contains many adult themes surrounding the innocent story line of baby elephant learns to believe in himself and takes to the air. Dumbo is ostracized from his elephant  community purely because of the size of his ears. Dumbo's mother is  shackled, locked up as a &quot;Mad Elephant&quot; and separated from her  baby because she became angry at those poking fun at Dumbo. Crass and  insensitive clowns ridicule Dumbo and use him as the laughing stock for  their show. Dumbo and his mouse friend accidentally gets drunk and spends  15 minutes hallucinating pink elephants. If these themes seem out of line  with recent Disney animations for children, it is because Dumbo depicts a  cruel and intolerant world that once existed to a much greater degree than  today.<br />There is a touching part of the film. A sad and depressed Dumbo  approaches his locked up Mother but is not able to see her through the  small window. She reaches out with her trunk and cradles her baby elephant  for a few short moments. It is a bittersweet moment, one that is sure to  bring tears to those of us who have babies.<br />Eventually, Dumbo flies and  becomes a star and his Mother is freed and they ride off happily in the  train.<br />This is a long dark movie with two brief spots of lightness.  Perhaps it is an interesting film for its historical representation of how  the world used to be in the unenlightened times only a few decades ago. For  those people who actually enjoyed it for its emotional value and for their  children, I can only conjecture that there must be an empathetic nerve  missing.
B00003CWPQ|4.0|... If you can, set this (...ill-advised hype) all aside andwatch the movie. It is a flawed film in several ways: in the castingof Cruise, in Kubrick's direction of Pollack, in the pacing of the pivotal billiards scene, etc. But, from its title to its free use of German Romantic fairy-tale conventions, it is a DREAM story, and must be viewed in that light. It is, in my opinion, one of Kubrick's most profound endeavors.  Eyes Wide Shut says things about the human condition--about the subtle charade of human sexuality, about each person's precarious situation between life and death, about meaningful and meaningless personal encounters--that you probably have never seen or read before. There are new ideas here. Where you expect heat, Kubrick gives you chilly banality. Where you expect titillation, he serves a vague, distilled creepiness. Finally, as in all his films, Kubrick asks disturbing, relentless questions (the final scenes between Cruise and Kidman are NOT the effete, middlebrow sermonizing that some feminist critics have alleged). Leave the Hollywood machinery behind and look at the film itself. You were expecting Otto Preminger, but you are getting Poe and Kafka and Novalis--and Kubrick.
B000002ADT|5.0|What's there left to say about Miles Davis? This is THE album to get if you want to try jazz or want to know what kind of music Miles Davis is about.  This is the only album with nothing short of perfect.
B000000WCA|5.0|Spice Girls did what no other pop group did and became original. They write there music, they do there own thing, and the album is awesome. Wannabe is a fun intro to this great group. Say you'll be there, Shows they  aren't one-hit wonders. 2 become 1, Shows off there vocal talent and proves  that slow pop songs actually can be good. Love Thing, is a fun song. Last  time Lover , Lets us see there R&amp;B side. Mama, has a great sound to  hit. Sorta a mix of Pop and acoustic Rock. Who do you think you are? Shows  what a musical range they have and how many different sounds they can  master. Something Kinds Funny has a great sound to it. Naked , proves they  aren't no kiddy group. Just listen to the great lyrics. and If U can't  Dance ends the album with a cool Techno sound.This is one of the best CD's  from one of the best groups. If Michael Jackson  is the King of Pop ,  surely they're the Queens.
B00003CWRX|5.0|This is a dramatic triumph; a gripping story of the battle between truth and corruption in the sacred halls of mass media news. Based on the true story of Jeffrey Wigand, the research scientist from Brown and Williamson  Tobacco who blows the whistle on the industry's attempts to chemically  enhance the addictive effects of nicotine, this story grabs you like an  anaconda and slowly squeezes you until you are out of breath.<br />The plot  follows Lowell Bergman, a producer for 60 Minutes, as he first stumbles  across Wigand (Russell Crowe), convinces him to do an interview and then  battles to get the interview aired after Brown and Williamson threatens CBS  with a lawsuit. This is reality based drama at its finest. For once, we  have a real story that is not rendered dubious by  over-dramatization.<br />Michael Mann directs his third consecutive triumph.  He only does one project every three or four years, but what he lacks in  frequency he more than delivers in quality. I liked all aspects of his  direction, but I was particularly impressed with his use of the camera.  Mann has all the various camera techniques honed to perfection, but what is  most impressive is his appropriateness in using technique in a scene to  maximize effect. If he gives us an extreme close-up or a foreground blur,  it is exactly what is needed for maximum impact in the scene. He uses  technique to enhance the scene rather than using the scene as an excuse to  show off technique, a disease that seems to have become epidemic,  especially among hip young directors.<br />Mann brings us taut drama with a  relevant message. He provides well defined characters that hook the  audience emotionally. His pace is always appropriate with moments of  frenetic action augmented by dramatic buildup and suspense.<br />The acting in  this film was uniformly excellent. Pacino is at his finest in this role. It  is clear that he had a real passion for the part unlike his stilted and  phony performance in `The Devil's Advocate'. As in `Heat', I believe that  Mann has again brought forth Pacino's maximum dynamism and squeezed out of  him every bit of his brilliance.<br />Russell Crowe elevated his game to a new  level with this film. Though I found his performance a bit uneven, he  brought great power to the role (perhaps a bit too much), and transcended  his previous best performance in `LA Confidential' by a wide margin. This  was a complex and difficult character, reserved and intellectual yet highly  emotional and explosive. This is a combination that doesn't usually come in  the same package. Crowe nailed the reserved intellectual part, but was  overwrought in the angry scenes, coming across more like an action hero  than the incensed nerd he was supposed to be playing. However, this is a  picayune criticism of what was on the whole a fabulous performance.<br />This  is one of the better dramas I have seen in a while. I rated it a 9/10. It  is well written, well acted and well directed. What more can you ask?
0312853238|5.0|This is my favorite book.  It's wonderful.  I recomend it to everyone.
B00000JCOV|5.0|i listen to everything from Iron Maiden and Judas Priest toMetallica, Iced Earth, and KoRn to Opeth, Blind Guardian, andBorknagar, and i still love this cd. (...).  buy this cd.  buy it.  buy it. (...).  there is not too much screaming.  there is no such thing as too much screaming.  (...).  i don't own this yet, but i borrowed it from a friend, and i'm going to buy it as soon as i can. buy it.  buy it. buy it.  END
0790729636|5.0|If you're not watching this movie on LaserDisc or DVD you're missing out. This movie is one of the best surround sound demos one can have for a home theater. The movie itself is, as everyone says, absolutely plotless. But  it's a visual masterpiece, with wonderfully choreographed chaos. One of my  personal favorites.
B000031WD9|4.0|Over the years there have been dozens, maybe hundreds of high school hijinks films, most of which are sophomoric caricatures which try to outdo each other in the grossness of their cliches. American Pie has run away  from its pubescent pack by capturing high school the way it really is. Four  years of frustrated preoccupation with sex; what it is, who's done it and  how to get it. This movie is hilarious, mostly because it depicts the  essence of what it is like to be wrestling with the confusion of emerging  sexuality while trying to convince everyone else that you are  cool.<br />Director Chris Weitz has found the right balance between sexual  obsession and teenage self consciousness. The fact is no-one is as  experienced as they pretend, and they're scared to death of the  embarrassment it would cause if everyone knew.<br />The skits are mostly  funny, sometimes raunchy, sometimes touching, but always right on the mark  emotionally for that age group.<br />Jason Biggs (Jim) takes the cake (pie)  when it comes to comic prowess in this film. Alyson Hannigan is priceless  as the nerd girl refugee from band camp.<br />This film is a must see good  time. Check your maturity at the front door and just enjoy.
B000002JOH|5.0|This is Pantera's best ... if you don't have this album... you'll die unforgiven.<br />Get it... all the tracks are awsome,especially &quot;******* Hostile&quot; , &quot;WALK&quot; and &quot;Hollow&quot;.<br />IT has  everything ... roaring riffs , speeding rythms, as well as some cool  melodic guitar work.<br />THIS IS BLINDING STUFF ... GET IT ! ! !
B00000J6AG|5.0|I bought this album because much of the music has been used on the X-Files and I was not disappointed. I recommend listening to &quot;My weakness&quot; which is the music used when Mulder finally got to say  goodbye to his sister. Once you hear the music and then see the scene, it  will blow your mind. Another piece I recommend is &quot;The Sky is  Broken&quot; which was used in the episode that Gillian Anderson wrote and  directed.
B000002H6C|5.0|MAKE NO MISTAKE ABOUT IT,AND JUSTICE FOR ALL IS ONE OF THE GREATIST METAL CD`S EVER.THE THING I LIKE BEST ABOUT METALLICA IS THE FACT THAT THEY BREAK ALOT OF THERE SONGS DOWN INTO 2 OR 3 DIFFERENT PARTS,CHANGING RHYTHEMS  ALOT.THIS CD DOES IT BETTER THAN ANY OF THERE OTHER CD`S.FROM THE FIRST  SONG BLACKENED,IT HITS YOU WITH A VERY HARD EDGE RIGHT AWAY.THE SONG ONE  INSPIRED BY THE MOVIE JONHNY`S GOT HIS GUN IS JUST FANTASTIC.THE GREAT  THING ABOUT THIS CD IS THERE ARE NO BAD SONG`S.GREAT PLACE TO START FOR NEW  FANS.THIS IS A CD YOU WILL PLAY ALOT.
B00004SVIK|5.0|As a long time Pink Floyd fan I have always wanted to hear The Wall live. I've found a few bootlegs of some recordings but they were very poor quality. Thats why I was a little skeptical when purchasing this, but  thankfully I was mistaken. This is a great quality sounding live concert of  perhaps the best Pink Floyd album ever. The band is in rare form, but I  think I've always liked most of their stuff better live. The book that  comes along with the cd has a lot of high quality pictures and some notes  from the band themself. Bottom line if your are a Floyd fan this is a must  have.
B00004SVID|5.0|Of all the extant Pink Floyd albums, this one is not, in my opinion, the greatest.  But like all PF albums, it is well worth owning and well worth the price.  As a must (at least for me) you should be aware that there are  two versions of this album - one is just the two CDs and the other contains  a limited edition booklet CD case.  It is the booklet case that makes this  as valuable and interesting as it is.  Similar (but larger) to Pulse, the  booklet gives remembrance editorials from the band members and also from  the set designers, animators, and stage directors.  The booklet also  features rich color photos and a keen transparent drawing of the behind the  stage setup.  Outside of this book, the album is not extraordinary, except  for the fabulous sound that rarely appears live except for crowd applause.   Quite a feat considering this is pieced together from 1980 and 1981 shows.   Also is included two songs edited from the original album - both on disc  one, which to me is not the strongest disc.  Overall, I ranked it 5 stars  because PF broke new ground with The Wall - an opera, rock concert, and  social commentary to which has been hardly rivaled by any other bands.  And  of course, it does sound good!
B00004RHZU|5.0|This album's off the hook. The songs are very infectious and make you wanna dance (i listen to it while I'm on the treadmill!). I like the way she puts her emotion and thoughts into songs, especially &quot;Split  Personality&quot;. I also love &quot;Most Girls&quot; and &quot;Can&quot;t  Take Me Home&quot;. Everytime I hear them I need to move. She sings her  best on all the songs. I find &quot;Is It Love&quot; kinda freaky in the  scary way. I think it's one of the most revealing songs on the album. I  recommend you buy it.
B000001F8A|5.0|THIS CD TO ME IS WHAT MAKES RUSH SO GOOD..STRONG LYRICS TO THERE SONGS GREAT VOCALS BY GEDDY LEE AND GREAT GUITAR WORK BY ALEX LIFESON.ON THIS CD YOU WILL FIND SOME OF MY FAVORITE RUSH SONGS.THE NINE PLUS MINUTE SONG  NATURAL SCIENCE,WHICH I GOT TO SEE THEM DO A COUPLE YEARS AGO IN CONCERT IS  A GREAT SONG.VERY HEADY LYRICS MAKE THIS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY RUSH FAN.VERY  GOOD PLACE TO START FOR NEW FANS.
B00003CWL6|5.0|(...)The most common &quot;cutdowns&quot; on this movie arethat the families portrayed in this movie never once express the&quot;wholesome family value.&quot; THAT'S THE POINT! There really are families out there like Lester's, that really have 2 gay neighbors next door. Some young girls really do hate their families. Life isn't all peaches and cream. Not all families tell each other they love them, and hug each other after every meal. This movie is trying to show that. The other knock on the movie is the idea of Spacey chasing after his daughter's friend. This idea of the plot was nessesary. Spacey is learning that he should do what makes him happy, not his materialistic wife. Then when he realizes that what he is doing is wrong, is when he &quot;grows&quot;.  The ideas in this movie have the ability to shatter perfect little dream worlds some people have built themselves into, and those are the people that usually think the movie is about some 40 yr old child molester. For those people, go read &quot;The Cathcer in the Rye,&quot; and call me in the morning. For me, this movie was truly life changing. It makes me want to go out and do something, live life for me, not everyone else. Spacey delivers an astounding performance, most likely the best i have seen him. All of the characters are amazing to say the least, and came together in a seemless masterpeice.  This movie brought me to tears, while bringing me to a new level of thought. See it now, and find out for yourself.  END
6305074364|5.0|is that I have never been able to figure out what I would have done to have avoided Paul's ordeal.  Most horror films fall short due to the stupidity of the victims.  With Misery, I could have not done as well, and  would probably have been worse off, than 'Paul'.
0679777547|5.0|As an avid reader of Perez-Reverte's novels, this one turned up trumps. It  is a web of intrigue, twists and turns following the path of Corso, a  wholly believable and well developed character. At times I had to turn back  to retrace my steps and re-read bits to find out  what was happening. The  author uses his novel to question the art of literature, and makes us  deconstruct fiction, and you feel less like a passive reader and more like  someone deeply involved. It is a wholly readable and deeply engrossing  book.
055352576X|5.0|For anyone that has backpacked through Europe or is on their list of things to do, &quot;Neither Here Nor There&quot; is a must read!  It is factual and funny.  He has each country down to a tee.  He is wonderfully  sarcastic.  His relationship with fellow backpacker, Steven Katz, is  continued in his following novel, &quot;A Walk in the Woods.&quot; This  book is a must read for any one that loves Europe!
B00004SVIK|5.0|I just got the special edition of this CD today.  It was released today, and today just happens to be my birthday.  And what a treat it is!   The original album is the best album ever made in my opinion (after Dark Side  of the Moon of course), and the movie is just astounding.  This is the best  live recording I have ever heard, and the emotion and power in this perfect  performance of their most complex album is just amazing.  The packaging of  the special edition is very pleasing too...a very nice book with beautiful  pictures of these legendary performances.  Don't I wish I had been born  maybe 20 years earlier instead of the year they did this tour!   You bet  your @ss I do!  =)
1559948671|5.0|of the top three books written about war and Vietnam, this is no. 1. this book is the &quot;heaviest &quot; of them all. strap yourself in when you start it, it'll reach right in to your soul - followed by Marine Sniper,  and Surfing to Saigon.
6305750750|1.0|It sucks. The phantom Menace was the worst attempt at a star wars comeback possible. With the exception of the billion dollar special effects the movie had horrible screenplay, acting, stage direction, and character  development. Whatever you do don't buy this movie!
B000002UB3|5.0|Words cant explain this album. every song is great. harrison contributes his two best songs ever, here comes the sun and something. Side two is amazing especially she came in through... and the end. But every song is  great and every beatles album is great (especially rubber soul through  abbey road, those are the best). I will never get sick of this album
630575067X|3.0|This movie gives just enough to hint at the future ;however, it simply leaves you wanting.  I didn't leave the movie feeling like I &quot;knew&quot; any of the characters enough to see them again in another  movie.  The race scenes, fighting scenes, and home scenes were good enough,  but there was not enough background information to lead up to the scenes to  understand why all the info given &quot;fit&quot; with each other.  Even  the &quot;Ewok&quot; movies made sense with or without the original 3.
0805062971|2.0|Now, don't get me wrong.  The idea of Fight Club is an interesting one.  But the idea is the only thing which kept me from giving this novel a sone star rating.        The writing just isn't very good. Everything is written in short, choppy sentences and it all seems so simple.  Ack...the violence  and sex in this book honestly didn't bother me very much, although I can  see how it could bother OTHER people.      All in all, violence is the tool  of a simplistic author...it can be used with great skill and come off with  great impact...or just come off...violent.
B00003CWPR|5.0|The best movie of the year! Kubrick gets performances from Cruise and Kidman that far exceed anything they've ever done. Kubrick was masterful at all aspects of filmmaking, but try to pay attention to his use of music in  all of his films. While you could say this is like comparing bars of gold,  I think this was his personal strength. His love and expertise in this area  really shines thru in this movie, as in all of his others. Watch this movie  repeatedly, because, as with all of his films, they simply get better the  more you view them.
B000002LBH|5.0|\\"boot the grime of this world in the crotch, dear!\\" indeed! though it's my favorite on this album, along with \\"stretch out and wait,\\" there is excellent music to be had within these 24 songs. johnny marr is surely one of the most underrated guitarists ever and although he doesn't reach as high as he eventually would on \\"bigmouth strikes again\\" there are fine examples of his musicianship here, i.e. \\"heaven knows...\\" and \\"rubber ring,\\" to name a couple.
6304119046|1.0|Every time I see this boring film, I feel I really wanna get out of it.  It's dark, long, and tedious.  I think they try hard to make people think it's a masterpiece but it is not actually!  If you wanna see this film  because you are convinced by those critics voting it for the best film  ever, you will find yourself deceived later I warn you.
0684800713|1.0|It is a funny thing. Some people, to say that they are &quot;erudit&quot;, &quot;intelligent&quot;, &quot;cult&quot;, accept anything their teachers or friends tell them that is good, without questioning the real quality of the book theyre reading. Because everybody says that Hemingway is a genius  (he is), one cant assume the fact that this book is a pile of garbage; it  is pure crap. DOnt come to me saying that this is a great portrai of the  lost generation, bl, bl, bl. There is no plot at all, the character are  ridiculous, the narrative style makes one want to kill the writer. ANyway,  if you like to read a history that has absolutely no history in it (only  characaters wandering through Paris and Pamplona), this is the right  book...
630575067X|2.0|I gave this movie two stars because there are only two good parts in it. First is the podracing scene which was very exciting and well done. The second good part was the last lightsaber battle which was one of the  collest things I've ever watched. The rest of the movie was poorly written,  directed, and except for the more vetran actors like Liam Neeson and Ewan  McCregor, the acting was pitiful. And I know you've all heard this a  million times before but I'll say it again, Jar Jar Binks was one big  mistake.   The first time I saw this movie I thought it was very  entertaining but had no real desire to see it again. Except for the die  hard Star Wars fans, I think most people will feel the same way. Rent it  once just to know what every one is talking about but don't waste any more  money on it.
B00004RFDW|4.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; marks somewhat of a departure for Michael Mann, whose usual bill of fare is tightly wound, psychological crime dramas such as &quot;Thief&quot; and &quot;Heat&quot; on the big screen and shows such  as &quot;Miami Vice&quot;, &quot;Crime Story&quot;, and the shamefully  overlooked &quot;Private Eye&quot; on television.<br />The movie portrays the  trials and tribulations of Jeffrey Wiegand, a fired tobacco company  researcher who violates a confidentiality agreement with his employer at  the behest of a &quot;60 Minutes&quot; producer out for a story.  Be  warned:  many of the elements of Mann's previous motion pictures are not  present here.  The pacing is much slower than any of his previous works,  almost painfully so at times (which makes the movie almost three hours in  length).  Nevertheless it works well, given the plot of this motion  picture.  The musical score is not quite as good as those in previous Mann  pictures and actually gets rather irritating at times.  And the  cinematography is painfully average for the most part.  Additionally, the  screenplay was unnecessarily embellished for dramatic effect. <br />The acting  performances are first rate all the way, with Al Pacino turning in a  curiously restrained performance as &quot;60 Minutes&quot; producer Lowell  Bergman.  Russell Crowe is very good in the role of Wiegand, and his  transformation from disaffectation to paranoia is dazzling, clearly worthy  of the Oscar nomination he received.  And Christoper Plummer turns in a  very good performance as Mike Wallace.  <br />The area in which this motion  picture really excels, though, is in its telling of the incredibly  shortsighted and cowardly decision of CBS to back down from televising the  Wiegand interview in the face of a potential lawsuit from his former  employer.  Mike Wallace and Don Hewitt both insisted that the portrayal of  that event was inaccurate, but the facts (at least as I understand and  remember them) strongly support the version portrayed in the film.  The  amazon.com reviewer's use of the word &quot;revisionist&quot; is a little  too strong here.<br />Overall, &quot;The Insider&quot; is an entertaining and  well-done motion picture that suffers from some unnecessary artistic  liberties and rather languid pacing but excels in its ability to tell the  tale of a man who laid it all on the line against corporate America only to  be left twisting in the wind by a gutless television news organization.   CBS deserves to have its eye blackened over the incidents portrayed here.   That eye was apparently already blind to its public responsibilities.
B00003XB8K|5.0|One of the best by Cretu yet...great music and experimentation. I was immediately impressed by the entire CD, its a MUST have for any music fan. The only thing I felt missing was the deep underlying sexual tones that  were always part of enigma music...
0064471047|4.0|When I was in junior high school, my teacher introduced me to the  Chronicles of Narnia and she seemed very enthusiastic about it. So I tried  it and found it a bit wordy for my liking. But I read on anyway and I  became quite interested in the mythical world of Narnia, which is just like  Oz, only with fabulous creatures and beasts. And I had seen the children's  picture books featuring the noble lion, Aslan and the fearless children as  well as remembering the animated show I saw on the TV years ago - so right  now I am falling into love all over again! Now I just can't wait to re-read  the remarkable tale of bestiary as soon as I can get my hands on a copy!  One thing that really puzzles me, though - how come the very first book,  The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe is reprinted as the second book???!!
6304772955|5.0|This movie is outstanding because it is really different than most movies today. I had no idea what was REALLY going on until the ending, which has to be one of the best movie endings I have ever seen. Michael Douglas is  excellent. You'll love this film!
B000021XR5|5.0|In 1996 when STP released Tiny Music... I bought it and it was my favorite album by them. So after 3 years when I heard that No.4 was going to be released I naturally set very high standards for it. I must say it blew me  away. I didn't think they had the time to actually write and record a full  album with Scott's problems but they once again shocked everyone and  delivered the best album of their career. If you're expecting a polished  studio album this is not the one. No.4 is plain and simply a raw rock album  from the beginning of Down to the end of Atlanta the album blends straight  forward guitar rock with trippy delicate ballads such as Sour Girl and  Atlanta the latter features Scott sounding almost identical to Jim Morrison  on a song that could have been an outtake from Strange Days by the Doors.  The definate strong point of the album are the rockers such as Down, No Way  Out, Sex &amp; Violence, MC5, Heaven &amp; Hot Rods, and Pruno. There is  not a bad song on the entire cd. Another great song is Church on Tuesday  which doesn't quite qualify as a ballad or a rocker it's somewhere in  between. This album is a classic which I reccomend to anyone who likes good  music and for first time listeners pick up the other 3 albums because they  are amazing as well. STP=Great Music
B000002A3T|3.0|I's actually give this album a 3.5 out of 5. It does include the musical geniuses of Pink Floyd (Wright and Gilmour), yet it is strangely uninspired. Gilmour's Pink Floyd is a good rock band but they are most  certainly not a Pink Floyd worthy of the 73-77 Floyd. Gilmour's guitar  playing is good but not great and the lyrics are lacking far behind even  those of Momentary Lapse. If you are a big fan of Momentary Lapse or own  Pulse, this may be a good choice. It isn't a bad addition to a collection  and beats the hell out of anything else made in the 1990's but it is  lacking something critical.
B000021XR5|5.0|In 1996 when STP released Tiny Music... I bought it and it was my favorite album by them. So after 3 years when I heard that No.4 was going to be released I naturally set very high standards for it. I must say it blew me  away. I didn't think they had the time to actually write and record a full  album with Scott's problems but they once again shocked everyone and  delivered the best album of their career. If you're expecting a polished  studio album this is not the one. No.4 is plain and simply a raw rock album  from the beginning of Down to the end of Atlanta the album blends straight  forward guitar rock with trippy delicate ballads such as Sour Girl and  Atlanta the latter features Scott sounding almost identical to Jim Morrison  on a song that could have been an outtake from Strange Days by the Doors.  The definate strong point of the album are the rockers such as Down, No Way  Out, Sex &amp; Violence, MC5, Heaven &amp; Hot Rods, and Pruno. There is  not a bad song on the entire cd. Another great song is Church on Tuesday  which doesn't quite qualify as a ballad or a rocker it's somewhere in  between. This album is a classic which I reccomend to anyone who likes good  music and for first time listeners pick up the other 3 albums because they  are amazing as well. STP=Great Music
B000002J1U|5.0|Led Zeppelin III is the perfect example of why Led Zeppelin is the greatest rock band of all time. III is a mix of hard rock (Immigrant Song) and rock ballad (Tangerine). It also includes the songs Friends and Out on  the Tiles which are lost classics of the band. It even includes  bluegrass-influenced tracks and just all-around excellent guitar playing.  Led Zeppelin shows their true genius in this deviation from their norm,  shattering all pretentions of mere mortality to their music.
B00004RFDW|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; is an excellent movie with superb acting and brilliant direction.  The film does not have a single bad actor, and the performances are completely believable.  You will not be sorry you watched  this film (or bought it), but be warned: at nearly three hours in length it  may be hard for some people to pay attention to the movie for that long.   In order to fully appreciate and understand this wonderful film, you will  need to watch it in its entirety.
B000002C1V|5.0|Roger Waters is the greatest lyricist of all time, rivaled only by Bob Dylan. His ability really shines in this album. He taunts the aggressiveness of Cold War politics and the apathy of the free world  towards helping their own people and allowing others to fall under the  control of totalitariansim after the massive sacrifices of World War II.  Gilmour's guitar playing is subdued but still strong, and the passion of  these tracks is especially evident in the songs &quot;The Post War  Dream,&quot; &quot;Not Now John,&quot; and &quot;Two Suns in the  Sunset,&quot; but each track is haunting and cuts your  everything-is-just-fine facade to the bone. It is a wonderful, riveting,  sad, album.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I just listened to this albulm and it is sweet, I have been waithig for a live CD with Roger and Gilmour together for Years.  The Sound on the disc is amazing.  I had to listen to it on my work computer, cause I had it  overnighted to my work, I couldn't wait. I'm skipping Happy Hour today and  going straight home to crank this bad Boy up.  If your a floyd fan like  myself you should go get this today.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Don't listen to the zealots, this is a great movie.  Many people believe that this movie &quot;bashes&quot; Christianity, Catholicism in particular.  Now, like Kevin Smith, I am a Catholic, and I was in no way offended by  this movie, in fact I saw it five times in the theater.  This is a movie  that shows the idiosyncracies in church dogma, just as every structure has  idiosyncracies.  The movie shows these points through an interesting and  entertaining story of good v. evil.  The overall theme of this movie is  that people should be more open to new ideas and to realize what Christ was  all about, love and understanding.  &quot;Jesus wasn't sent to earth to  give us the 'willies,' he is a booster.&quot;  Finally, this is a great  movie, with great ideas and great dialogue.  I believe that it is Kevin  Smith's best work to date.  Matt Damon, Jason Lee, Linda Fiorentino, George  Carlin, Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes, Alan Rickman, and Chris Rock all give  very good performances, but Ben Affleck does a wonderful job as Bartleby. I  would certainly suggest this movie to anyone.  Faith is a funny thing.
0964385619|5.0|For the first time in my life, I finally undertand the power of wealth and the power of self-discipline.  Thanks to Robert Kiyosaki, I have created a more compelling future for myself - filled with freedom to travel the world, understanding of the energy of money and how to make it work for me.  When I was little, I used to dream about owning a big corporation with 100  employees.  Well, guess what?  I already have 10,000 employees (all of them  named George Washington)!  Get this book.  Its an easy read and will  inspire you to be a wealth wizard.
B000002H38|5.0|ANITA BAKER IS IN A CLASS ALL BY HERSELF. IF YOU'VE NEVER HEARD THE SONG TITLED &quot;NO ONE IN THE WORLD&quot; THEN YOU HAVEN'T A CLUE AS TO WHAT YOU'RE MISSING.  IT'S GOOD WHEN YOU CAN LISTEN TO A CD FROM START TO  FINISH!  ANITA BAKER IS THE QUEEN OF R&amp;B IF YOU ASK ME!
B00004SVIK|5.0|Incredible...<br />A few tracks stand out, such as What Shall We Do Now, The Last Few Bricks, and a suberb performance of Run Like Hell.  The sound quality is the best of an live album I have EVER heard.  Buy this album.
6305750750|4.0|I must say this is a very good movie.   In some ways it surpasses the best star wars films.  But over all I would say this one is about par with Return of the Jedi. Special fx and action dominant the first and last  segments of this film and in the middle is beautiful vistas of futuristic  cities and desert &quot;pod&quot; races.  The characters however do not  develop enough for us to really grow close to them.   Although Liam Neeson  did a good job of acting and his character probably was the best.  But  characters such as Darth Maul didnt really get much screen time and yet his  seemed the most interesting.  This film draws criticism because it seems  too much geared towards kids.  But keep in mind most of the main characters  are either very young teens or children.   Which is done because the next  film will take place ten years later and will show more maturity and  discipline in all these characters.  Especially Jar Jar and Anakin.  I  viewed this movie on both regular VHS and the Widescreen editions.  The VHS  is good for your kids but if your an adult and you want that epic effect  and good quality I strongly suggest you get the widescreen edition.
630528069X|5.0|Jhon Mclane (Bruce Willis) is an LA cop that just came in to see his wife for christmas little does he know , that a group of terrorist are set to seize Nacatomy Plaza declare war.But they never figured that Jhon was a one  man army he outsmarts the terrorists and at times is more effective then  the police or the fbi , but this action thriller  sizzels when Bruce Willis  is at the helm.<br />    This is not just a thrill ride this will blow you  through the roof and so will the sound great and precise picture quality  this DVD may not have many options but it's definately the best out of  the  hole DIE HARD series denfinate pick for action fans.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Those who have criticized Eyes Wide Shut as an inelegant misinterpretation of 'Dream Story' have misunderstood both the adaptions necessary for an objective visual medium and Kubrick's own daunting artistic stamp.  Eyes  Wide Shut inverts the psychological dialectic of Schnitzler's novella into  a dark metaphysical mosaic. The dilemma for the viewer is not to reconcile  the dream state logic to the visceral reality, but to fathom the perception  of the protagonist as he is enveloped by anger, jealousy and fear. Kubrick  creates an integrated tapestry of the malignant manifestation of deformed  desire. The streets of New York form the backdrop of danger and threat;  every venality is accepted and bartered here. Distractions or interruptions  invade every possibility of intimacy in the film. Sex and death are  juxtaposed in a sustaining motif. Like a hall of mirrors, look alike  characters, distorted fragments of Bill and Alice, appear throughout the  movie.<br />Victor Zeigler seems a potent, savage stage manager. His final  ultimatum to Bill  holds the entire plot. Like peeling layers of an onion  he unmasks the competing emotions and possibilities of the events. Nothing  being said here can be taken at face value. Both are well  aware of a  subtext.  Ziegler casts down his comments with avuncular condescension,  like an encyclical from a throne. He offers  a recourse to facile  rationalizations (as Kubrick does to the audience), but this masks a core  of corruption and ulterior motive. He is not offering a choice. Bill is  lucky to be alive. The film slips, for the moment,  its filters of dream,  fantasy and deception and comes  into sharp moral focus. Is the good doctor  really worried about the fate of his friend Nick, or the nature of Mandy's  death. No, his inquiries go straight to the obsessional  suspicions which  drove him into the night. The frightening, tantalizing implications of his  own experience are the limits of his conscience. He accepts Victor's frail  reassurances and leaves. <br />Bill finally finds the prospect of his wife's  infidelity both tormenting and irresistibly intoxicating. The final scene  seems to indicate that all  pretensions have evaporated. Something  primitive, overwhelming has taken over, the same force that has propelled  his odyssey from the beginning. There are a series of revelations (to the  observant and receptive) as the film progresses, but they do not  disentangle the ambiguities. Kubrick involves his audience along with his  characters in an encroaching awareness, like an engulfing flood. <br />This  director never resorts to trivial, happy endings. His bleak vision of the  human condition is the binding element in his films. All paths lead to the  same nihilistic conclusion. Nothing is resolved of Alice's taunts, sexual  dissatisfaction and secret desires  Where, then, can this marriage go  but  abandonment to the shadows and creatures which inhabit every corner of  Kubrick's city? He leaves just enough, though, to reclaim a glimmer of  grace and hope, an escape portal from the labrynthe. In this, EWS  brilliantly synthesizes the essence of his previous films.<br />The   indistinct borders between fact and illusion become moot to the theme.   Bill's desperate sojourn through this modern mythological underworld forms  a classical tableau, where the contradictions of impulse and character ARE  the projected reality. This should be the great director's most enduring  achievement. The cast is uniformly excellent. Kubrick's cinematic genius is  most obvious in its stunning visual impact,  but Eyes Wide Shut's real  power in its subtlety, and the indelible and disturbing impression it makes  on the mind.
B00000ILDF|2.0|Sigourney Weaver once again reprises her role as Ripley this time a fire threatning the  Sulaco her pod lands on a penal colony.When she land she finds that she the only survivor of this crasy and the planets inhabitants  are every single know vermon in the face of the universe.But an Alien has  been abord her ship the hole time this alien being more faster and keener  then any before Ripley is once again chosen to her fate of fighting the  creature once again.<br />    A lack luster script often dark but at times  fallen short to a mediocre script with not much to go on however sigorney  weaver is good in anything no matter weither it's bad or good the Dvd is  not very imressive but picture  quality is good and sound is even better   but your best bet is to get Alien or Aliens.
B000035P80|5.0|Bobby-D is far and away the greatest singer/songwriter to ever walk the earth, and this video shows that and more.  The film shows Dylan's intelligence and ability.  He is simply the greatest thing since sliced  bread, and that was pretty BIG!  So get it, watch it, live it, love it, and  share it.  The world will be a much better place, and maybe influence a few  more people to pick up a newspaper once in awhile, and pay attention to  what's going on.  Remember, &quot;he not busy being born, is busy  dyin'.&quot;
B00000J8EK|4.0|The chemical brothers are kings of the dance floor. This album mixes rock and dance with electronic sounds. One of the best albums of last year. There are very few weaknesses on this album. It does take a few listens but  that is only so that you get used to the immense sounds that hit you from  all angles. 'Let forever be', 'Out of control' and 'Dream on' are stand-out  tracks. The best track on the album though, has got to be 'The sunshine  underground' - it's unorthodox as a dance song but then the chemical  brothers tend to be unorthodox. The weird thing about this album is that it  will appeal to dance and rock fans. A sure buy!
B000001IQH|5.0|I bought this when it first came out several years ago, and it is still one of my favorites.  The lyrics are pretty catchy, and energetic.  I saw them live, and although they were great, it was mostly due to Lars taking  over the lyrics because Tim was too messed up to know what was going on.   Lars is the talent in the band. If you like punk, try this cd, it is great.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I listen to all kinds of music, and this album is one of the best I own.  The drum beats and guitars are amazing.  There is some really neat sampling going on too.  Once you hear the CD once, you'll be hooked, I guarantee.   Their music is so full of energy and emotion, you just can't help but get  into it.  I just saw them in concert and they were amazing.  Bottom line:  these guys are great - buy the CD!
B00001PE4D|4.0|First of all, I want to say that I didn't think that this should be considered a teen movie!   There's WAY too much sexuality to this movie and if I had a teen I don't think I'd be too keen on them watching it.   HOWEVER, I thought it was excellent!  I thought Sarah Michelle Gellar did  an excellent job and it also gave her a chance to be a little less  &quot;buffy-ish&quot;.  A WAY different side of Joshua Jackson's ability to  act (he's GREAT).  Very sensual...much better than Dangerous Liasions in my  opinion!
B00004RHZU|5.0|I love the cd and the song I think that she is a great singer and hope she stays around for a really long time because I enjoy her music and want to buy all her c.d's.
B000002J1U|4.0|The acoustic-toned nature of this album really makes it shine; hearing things like &quot;Tangerine,&quot; &quot;Friends&quot; and &quot;That's The Way&quot; from the guys who also shriek out &quot;Communication  Breakdown&quot; and &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; is a great change of pace.  The few &quot;electric&quot; things on here, like &quot;Immigrant  Song&quot; and &quot;Celebration Day,&quot; are fine but don't assert  themselves in the way the acoustic numbers do. They got back to business on  that end of things with the next album, ZOSO (LED ZEPPELIN IV), but III is  a great pause in the storm, especially in showing off Jimmy Page's acoustic  guitar abilities, which are phenomenal.
B00000J8EK|2.0|I received this as a gift and was excited because I really enjoyed Dig Your Own Hole.  However, this CD disappointed me.  Most of the tracks feel mediocre at best, and nothing really stands out.  I wouldn't suggest this  as a purchase unless you're a die-hard Chemical Brothers fan and already  own Dig Your Own Hole. Otherwise, there's much better techno music to be  had.
B000000W5N|5.0|If there were a rock'n'roll heaven, the Stones would be saints without question. &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; is dirty, funky and rockin' the entire way through. From the opening power chords of &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; to  the heart-tugging ending (&quot;Moonlight Mile&quot;), the Stones rip their  way through one of their best albums.<br />There really isn't one bad song on  this entire album. Some of the songs aren't downright fantastic, but they  certainly don't detract from the overall atmosphere of the record.<br />For  example, &quot;Dead Flowers&quot; is kind of a corny song, but it's funny  enough to keep with the light mood that most of the album stays in.<br />There  are moments where Mick and company sway from being light-hearted, however,  and it is those moments that truly make this album classic. &quot;Wild  Horses&quot; is quite possibly one of the most moving love songs in all of  classic rock, and &quot;Sister Morphine&quot; might be the best (and most  frightening) song about drug abuse this side of an Eminem track.<br />When all  is said and done, this is the Stones in rare form. Hard rockin' and tough  talkin'. That's why they're one of the best bands in the history of music.
B00000JY1X|4.0|Imagine They Might Be Gaints doing the White Album and you're kind of on the trail of what this record is like. <br />I've never heard a double album that could not have been improved by being a singe album.  This record, on  the other hand, could probably have benefited from being a double rather  than a triple.  There is of course some filler on this album and some  gimmicks, but don't worry about that.  The novelty type stuff is usually  under 60 seconds and the filler songs aren't bad, they're just more like  b-side quality.  The rest of the record is vital, mature, clever and  interesting.  I don't know what all these lo-fi comments are about.  The  record is well engineered.  I'm glad I bought it!
6302610702|5.0|The Godfather.  You haven't seen a mafia/gangsta/corrupted and more powerful movie until you've seen this one.<br />If you haven't seen this movie, stop walking the streets and go for it.  This movie will strike all  your senses.  Love, hate, war, revenge, anger and grief.<br />The saga shows  from beginning to end the constant struggle of Michael Corleone trying to  legitimise a totally corrupted family business.<br />This movie shows such  irony towards Michael Corleone as he was not meant to follow in his father,  Vito Corleone's footsteps.  My favourite part of the series would be Part  II, Vito Corleone going back to Sicily to take care of some unfinished  business (I'll leave it up to you to find out for yourself).  Some  suggestions if you are going to see this series:  Buy a notebook, pen,  learn shorthand and never forget to write down any names you come across as  they all play a significant parts in how the story unfolds.<br />This series  shows greed and the love towards money, victory and constant struggle to be  on top.<br />As for Part III to my fellow reviewers who bagged and criticised  this masterpiece, they should feel somewhat ashamed, disappointed and  disgusted as they have done a gross disservice to this landmark defining  chapter of this saga.  Part III shows how not everything has a happy ending  and is shown by a simple fact that what goes around comes around twice as  hard and easy come, easy go.  If you cannot appreciate this ending then  maybe The Godfather series is not for you.  <br />This series is real.  It  does not rely on special effects or cheap commercial cash-in soundtracks.   If you want that, maybe you should be watching &quot;Men In Black&quot; or  something.....<br />Mario Puzo's death was a great loss to us movielovers.   But in a sense, Part IV would not have been the same without him, as the  actors chosen such as Leo and the other trendoids would not be in the same  class as the master Al Pacino, the smooth Marlon Brando, and other great  names including Robert De Niro, Robert Duvall, Andy Garcia, James Caan,  Dianne Keaton and Talia Shire.  <br />With this cast, who would even dare say  that this saga was not a must see?<br />Remember:  If you turn your back on  this saga, &quot;your going against your family&quot;.
0440234743|5.0|Grabs your complete attention page 1 and holds on to it.  Great story told well.  Grisham's characters are well thought out.  You knew who was good and who was bad but couldn't sympathize with the good ones nor feel sorry  for the bad ones.  I enjoyed this one more than some other Grisham tales.  It made me laugh and cry.  It was spell-binding!
B00001QEE8|5.0|if you want your child to enter the magical world of kipling,don't buy this dvd. This is the magic of disney at its best. Iremember reading kiplings books as a child, what an experience. But disneys version is just a little candy, that'll leave you the taste of wonderfully written songs sang by talented artists, and a story far from resembling its inspiration.  but it is worth the investment
6302877849|5.0|The Road Warrior (or Mad Max 2 as it is known in Australia) is a non-stop rollercoaster ride of a film. Better than the original, which most sequels fail to do (this sequel has no soppy romance that was necessary in the  original), this film explodes with total action and carnage. The final  chase scene is the most exiting in the anals of motion picture history. The  original Mad Max is set during the fall of civilisation...In Mad Max 2  civilisation has gone, and a new order has taken over. With more crashes  than the original, and more action, this film is a classic action  flick...the third film is, in my mind, nowhere as good as the original or  this film.
0375703764|3.0|For those of you who read the book: When you finished it, did you find  yourself believing that there was a documentary called &quot;The Navidson  Record,&quot; even though you were advised at the beginning that no such  thing existed? This to me is the most interesting part of &quot;House of  Leaves.&quot; I think the footnotes and lists are there to build the idea  that this is authentic. Even the denial of authenticity at the beginning  adds an authentic flavor to the story.  Yes, the ending is deeply  unsatisfying and the typographic gymnastics annoying, but I think he's on  to something here about contemporary myth-making through the accumulation  of detail.  A footnote of my own: I found the letters from Johnny's mom to  be at once tedious and disturbing, which is kind of weird, no?
6305075379|5.0|I own the original Mad Max the way it was released in Australia and i have to say that it is a brilliant movie (although not as good as its sequel). I have never had the oppertunity to see the U.S version but would love to own  it one day...The exellent chase scenes and crashes are now part of Aussie  film history. The scene of Max getting his leg blown open by the gang shows  why he has a leg brace in the sequel. If anyone would like to e-mail me and  (hopefully swap movies) send to: pjb_3@hotmail.com   no paper clips  please..They will be deleted.
B000023VR6|4.0|I am not sure in the real world I ever here the racist word &quot;N...&quot; so much.  Other then that rasist word, its ok.
B00004SVID|4.0|This is one of the best live albums by Pink Floyd.  I was disapionted to see no early tracks as an encore though.  However, this is a great deal, and well worth the wait.
B000002H2H|5.0|What a sad, horrible age we live in.  Teen idols,(like Nsync, Britney), henious excuses for hard rock,(like Limp Bizkit) and others are plottimg to take over the music world and completely destroy it-and they've been very  successful so far.  Luckliy, we still have incredible Cds like Ride the  Lightining to remember the olden days of heavy metal.  Classics like For  Whom the Bell Tolls and Creeping Death have helped metal survive for years  to come, while explosive songs like fight fire w/ fire and trapped under  ice never lose they're impact on your mind-or your eardrums.  It might take  a while to get used to after hearing albums like Reload, but once you get  used to it, you will never get bored of it.
B000002OG8|5.0|Had this as an LP until I recently re-bought it on CD (for my brother as well). Personally, I think the way to listen to this CD is with headphones. Listen to, say, Throw down the sword, and really listen as the two lead  guitars play the &quot;same&quot; notes (albeit slightly different octaves  (?) ), then they separate, and finally they join each other again.  Fantastic !
B00000JCB2|2.0|That's right.  I just can't stand this CD.   For the the information of everyone who likes this trash passed of as rock, this isn't real hard rock or metal.  It's much better defined as TRASH.  that's right, TRASH.  The  definition of real hard rock is deep powerful songwriting combined with  explosive guitars and that all-powerful edge that comes with it-not some  guys in tattoos screaming about sex and women  and throwing together this  garbage in one month.  You want real hard rock?  Try CDs like Metallica:The  black Album.  Metallica:Ride the Lightning.  Guns N Roses:Appetite for  Destruction.  Nirvana:Nevermind, for a few examples.
B000001Y42|5.0|This CD is great! If you like Rock this is it! The lyrics are bad for the kids. But this CD is great in my words!
6305750750|4.0|For those of you looking for a fast-paced action movie,move on to another title. If,however,what you are looking for is a movie with style,decent actors in decent roles,a few awesome and awe inspiring fight scenes,look no  further,this is definately the movie for you.<br />  Don't go into this movie  thinking every question you have will be solved in a neat little  package,because a surprise will be in store,it doesn't happen. However,by  no means let that stop you from seeing this well above average,almost  great,film. The cast is terrific,and little Jake Loyd is not as bad as some  would have you think. The special effects will leave you stunned. What    would a movie be without a great soundtrack? No need to wonder here because  this one is great.<br />  I did have one problem with this movie,JarJar. From  time to time I did find him a little annoying,but given the worthiness of  the rest of this film,it was easy to get over my annoyance with JarJar.<br />   All in all,I think this movie did a fine job of setting up the rest of this  continuing saga. In the end it leaves one wanting to know more and anxious  for the next installment. If you've seen the first three,as I did over  20yrs.ago starting at the tender age of 4 and continuing on through the  years,by no means miss this movie.
0767802659|1.0|This movie doesn't do justice to the original book  written by: Robert Heinlein.  Thought I would enjoy the movie, but was a waste of time. I'd rather read the original book, not the screenplay movie book.
B00003CXGP|4.0|The violence is toned down a lot from what's in the book, but otherwise is a fairly good reproduction of the story.  Christian Bale has obviously been pumping a LOT of iron:  when you see his nude scenes, you'll never believe this was the same skinny kid from &quot;Empire Of The Sun.&quot;  And his  &quot;American&quot; accent is perfect, almost better than his last  &quot;New York accent&quot; role in Newsies!  I think this movie was meant  to be a black comedy: the lifestyle of the rich-and-famous is satired  really well.  Look for the scene where they're comparing their business  cards: it's really funny!  Jared Leto is in this film, but has only  a  short role (too bad).  Hey, Willem Dafoe is here, too!  He plays the  detective; great acting, but his role doesn't have much impact. Yeah, I think I'll buy  this DVD...
6305807086|5.0|It was one of the best movies of the year.  Charile Kaufmanwrote one of the best scripts ever.  The movie is quirky, funny andemotional.  It has the best of everything.  A great director and a great cast.  It was one of the best movies of last year, it got ignored at the Oscar's but then good movies always do.
0792101448|5.0|Another reviewer has said, in talking about this film, that when you start throwing around superlatives -- announcing that something is the &quot;Best&quot; (or the &quot;Worst) of its genre -- that logical analysis  becomes pretty much irrelevant.<br />And, make no mistake, this is my choice  for the *best* Western ever made, an opinion that i do not believe any  amount of mere logical argument could shake me on.<br />Leone was, of course,  the master of the spaghetti Western, and in this film he comes to America  to shoot; knowing full well that comparisons to John Ford were inevitable,  given the size of the film and the cast, he shoots in Monument Valley to  emphasise the point that this film is a *serious* Western.<br />Casting Henry  Fonda so thoroughly against type, as Frank, a cold-blooded killer for hire  who doesn't even blink as he guns down an eight-year-old boy as  disinterestedly as most of us would step on an ant, was a brilliant move;  adding Charles Bronson (in what was allegedly originally supposed to be  Clint Eastwood's part) as the mysterious gunman with no name who is  stalking Frank and stirring up trouble for reasons of his own, was genius.<br />The size of this film can be deduced from the fact that people like Jack  Elam, Woodie Strode, Lionel Stander and Keenan Wynne are present in what  amount to character cameos...<br />Claudia Cardinale and Jason Robards round  out the powerful list of principals -- but it's Fonda and Bronson's film  all the way, and they run with it.<br />Leone is even more than his usual  laconic self -- minimal/minimalist dialog, long languid buildups to sudden  shocking action and brilliant camerawork that loves and emphasises the  broad vistas of the American West and just as much makes giants of the  actors in the middle of that vast panorama.<br />Ennio Morricone provides the  music (what a surprise...) and has done a masterful job, representing each  of the four main characters by his or her own theme -- waltzing strings for  Cardinale, menacing orchestra for Fonda, the slippery silver harmonica that  Bronson's character plays as he stands and watches and waits and the  clip-clopping, almost bluegrass theme for Robards as the local outlaw,  Cheyenne.<br />Co-written by Leone, Dario Argento and Bernardo Bertolucci (and  isn't *that* a three-way parlay), the script's oblique approach to the  story and gradual revelations of motive and intent among the four leads  make this a film to savour and watch carefully so that you don't miss  anything.<br />The sheer audacity of the filmmaking and cinematography --  from an opening credit sequence that may be the longest ever filmed,  featuring masterful performances by Jack Elam and Woodie Strode  demonstrating that doing essentially nothing in the right way can be at  least as interesting to watch as violent action, and builds suspense  better, through one of the most spectacular crane shots i have ever seen,  to brilliantly choreographed and photographed and edited action sequences  -- is amazingly refreshing after one cookie-cutter, timid, by-the-numbers  &quot;action&quot; film after another.<br />And the final shoot-out (and  ultimate revelation it brings) are as near Perfect as any film is ever  likely to come -- the only thing that i can think of that even compares  would be the final duel in &quot;Sanjuro&quot;.<br />I like this film a lot  (can you tell?) and i think you will, too.altzing strings for  Cardinale, menacing orchestra for Fonda, the slippery silver harmonica that  Bronson's character plays as he stands and watches and waits and the  clip-clopping, almost bluegrass theme for Robards as the local outlaw,  Cheyenne.<br />Co-written by Leone, Dario Argento and Bernardo Bertolucci (and  isn't *that* a three-way parlay), the script's oblique approach to the  story and gradual revelations of motive and intent among the four leads  make this a film to savour and watch carefully so that you don't miss  anything. <br />The sheer audacity of the filmmaking and cinematography --  from an opening credit sequence that may be the longest ever filmed,  featuring masterful performances by Jack Elam and Woodie Strode  demonstrating that doing essentially nothing in the right way can be at  least as interesting to watch as violent action, and builds suspense  better, through one of the most spectacular crane shots i have ever seen,  to brilliantly choreographed and photographed and edited action sequences  -- is amazingly refreshing after one cookie-cutter, timid, by-the-numbers  &quot;action&quot; film after another.<br />And the final shoot-out (and  ultimate revelation it brings) are as near Perfect as any film is ever  likely to come -- the only thing that i can think of that even compares  would be the final duel in &quot;Sanjuro&quot;. <br />I like this film a lot  (can you tell?) and i think you will, too.
B000007T2Z|4.0|If I were on a roadtrip with David Lynch and Jack Chick, driving across the burning, irradiated American landscape, this would be our soundtrack.
0792836634|3.0|this movie's great,nothing against it, but the sequels were much funnier.this one's a little scary,though.
0375703764|1.0|and I should run back to Stephen King?  Oh really?  I am of the number that finds Crock of Leaves elitist, irrelevant and so unoriginal it's gut crunchingly funny.  The patronising readers of this book, who feel that us  ordinary mortals are not worthy of &quot;The House&quot;, should consider  it time they left their High School geekiness behind and go  &quot;vivify&quot; themselves.  Anybody with a life should not waste their  valuable bucks and time on this heap of compost.  Go live your full lives,  read your King with pride and don't do as I did.  That's lose a whole  valuable weekend of a rich life to this drivel.
0783229887|5.0|bride of chucky.it's funnier than it sounds.it's like bride of frankenstein or something.i was laughing my head off when i saw this
B00004RFFI|5.0|This movie was just simply awsome in its power to test your suuround speakers.you might run for your life to hide from the empowering roar of the tornado in you living room.I just get so excited since dts version is  coming.make me wanna sell my old dd version of twister.if you are in for  special effect and excellent surround sound effect with low low BASS,this  is it.the story line is so so.
B000002U9E|5.0|This album is really great.  It really gives us an insight at the genius named Kate Bush.  And she is really a genius.  No one can deny that.  I mean, listen to &quot;Waking The Witch&quot; ; it's wicked and fantastic !   &quot;And Dream Of Sheep&quot; and &quot;Under Ice&quot; and &quot;Watching  you Without Me&quot; and &quot;Jig Of Life&quot; are really fantastic.  To  me, I've already heard &quot;Running Up That Hill ( A Deal With God )&quot;  a little bit too much, but it's still a great song.
0876855575|3.0|classic story of a boy's struggle growing up.  vivid details for henry  chinaski's hatred of the human spirit was in full effect.  although ham on  rye did not develop into the great story that it should have gone into, the  book was interesting.
B00000J7J4|3.0|to all who gave santana no play before this album make me sick. just like this album. Ive been listening to santana for years and this is is worst by far.  it lacks the spirtual quality hia other ones had. just because  everyone else is buying it doesn't mean you should
B00000JZI9|5.0|In 1985, the era of the western was long gone, or was it?  This movie not only brings back everything a good western should have, plus it is a perfect modernization of The Musketeers (Paden as D'artagnan, Jake as  Aramis, Emmett as Athos and Mal as Porthos).  Definitely a must see film.  And of course on DVD better sound and picture quality.  Get a copy asap  and at Amazon's prices you can't go wrong.
B000000OMJ|4.0|Terrific, creepy 1980 album (also known as Melt, for Peter's half-melting face), which includes Games Without Frontiers (my personal favorite), Biko, and I Don't Remember.  A great blend of Gabriel's world music, rhythm, and  lyrics.
B000002KKX|5.0|this was,( and still is ) a true award winner. i can still remenber easily when back, i believe in  1979 this record was awarded a bucket full of grammys... it is beautiful recorded, and the quality not only of the musics  that chris cross  so masterfully managed to pur together, but of the  musicians themselves...  we could all so easily learn from this piece of  art. thank you chris, thank you for the great memories that you've made  even greater for me,  F.Castro
0393038912|4.0|Forget culture.  Forget warfare.  Forget race.  This author looks at human  development from the earliest diaspora out of Africa, and leaves off where  traditional history books begin.  He makes a compelling thesis that any  race that developed in Eurasia would have a leg up on virtually any other  group; not by virtue of genetic superiority but through better raw  materials.  <br />We all know the old adage about &quot;an infinite number of  monkeys with an infinite number of typewriters and an infinite amount of  time...&quot;   The author is suggesting that the combination of open terrain  (for the dissemination of knowledge and crops),  the presence of large  domesticatable mammals, and an abundance of nutritious (and cultivatable)  wild crops led to the development of what we would now call  &quot;civilization&quot; in Eurasia first.  In other words, the number of  monkeys (family groups or clans) in any area may be large, but not  infinite; the number of typewriters (regional advantages as above) vary by  continent or region; and the amount of time available for a civilization to  gain a foothold in a region is not consistent.    Probability would suggest  that the area with the greatest number of &quot;monkeys&quot;, the best  &quot;typewriters&quot; and the longest head start would finish that  mythical work of literature first.    <br />It is refreshing for an historian  to look at humanity dispassionately and to say that, in the aggregate,  humans generally behave in a given way in a given situation, and until  fairly recently the acts of a few outliers have been unable to  significantly distort these trends.    Like it or not, we're basically herd  animals.<br />There are some minor logical inconsistencies in the book, but I  found it to be fairly thorough and a good read, although a little long on  New Guinea.
B000002UV1|5.0|John Frusciante didn't play this album. It was Hillel Slovak. Frusciante  didn't join until Blood-sugar.
630575067X|4.0|Ok, people are looking at it the wrong way. The original star wars was an incredible movie, in fact its one of my favorites.  That is why Star Wars Edpisode 1 gets a bad reviews.  Suppose star wars had never previously  existed and this was the first ever star wars movie to be produced.  People  would actually find it to be a very unique genre of movie.  Its sort of a  scifi/fantasy movie.  People would like it.  In conclusion i will say that  Star Wars Episode 1 is not starwars, it doesn't deliver &quot;the star wars  feel&quot; like the other origonal movies did.  Hopefully the other 2  movies will be better.
B000005JAK|5.0|CAG is one of those albums that I return to at specific moments... when you are feeling so far down that it offers catharsis and you can't help but feel better. First heard it during a confusing time in my life and was  floored that Mould and Hart &quot;knew&quot; that feeling too.
6305627401|5.0|Listen im 13 years old, ok there i said it, my parents went and hired this movie for me when i asked them, and belive me , they know how much swearing is in it, i can understand how some parents will or will not let there  children see it it depends all on if your son or daughter can handle  it!<br />The best movie!  see it now (if you havent! ) soooooooo funny it  will leave you crying, so much good special effects it will leave you  amazed, and so much interest, and suspense and Music it will leave you  wanting to buy it and watch it over &amp; over &amp; over.<br />-Amokto
0671578278|5.0|This book was great.  It had it all, and then some.  I normally only like to read hardcore sci-fi and fantasy, and while this was more domestic that galactic, it was still very fine to read.  I really do hope that she writes  more!
B000002UC5|4.0|I believe that &quot;McCartney&quot; is an excellent album.  I don't even have it on tape or CD, but on record (which is 30 years old), and I still think that it sounds great.  This is one of his best.  I also think that it  is really cool that he plays all of the instruments.
B000000W6X|5.0|I bought Mezzanine first and I thought there was nothing better. Then came No Protection, the remix of Protection, and finally I dared to get Protection. <br />If you like instrumental best, you'll prefer No Protection.  The songs on Protection are of course more song-like and lyrical than their  remixed versions on No protection, but now that I've listened to Protection  often, I can't say which album I like best. You could say they complement  each other.<br />My personal favorites are emotional songs like Protection,  Sly, and Heat miser. Dreamy ....
6305750750|1.0|A barely passable little movie.  It features some of the most vulgarly bad writing and directing of the past decade.  What was charming and clunky and even kind of clunky about Lucas' rather forced dialogue has since ossified  into a stilted preaching quality, as the dialogue becomes little more than  exposition.  The attempts at comedy remain mere attempts.  The less said  about JarJar the better.<br />And if that weren't bad enough, we are expected  to pay more money for a widescreen version than for a pan and scan version!   The widescreen SPECIAL EDITION is merely a scam, and a transparent one at  that.  George Lucas is now clearly interested in one thing, and one thing  only: lining his pockets with money.  <br />And this is the creator of Luke  Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi?  He looks more like the Grand Moff Tarkin.
6305750750|4.0|This movie is really wonderful.  It is filled with adventure and fun.  So where exactly is the problem?  I think the reason people were disappointed is that they expected too much.  I went in to see a fun movie and that is  exactly what I got - this isn't cinematic genius folks, but does it have to  be?
630575067X|1.0|If I could give this movie a negative rating of -1 star Iwould. I'm a long time Star Wars fan. But Ep.1..... Very boring. Theonly thing in the movie worth watching is the lightsaber battle and that's about it. Trust me. I didn't get to see this movie in the theater, so I bought it on VHS widescreen, since DVD won't be out until the 24th century! Anyway, I was very disappointed in this movie when I finally got to see it. It also really made me mad that I spent about $30 on it. Next time, if I don't make it to the theaters, I'll just rent it first. Too many computer generated charaters! No story line. Looks like someone sat down with no prior Star Wars experience, and wrote the script in 5 minutes, and created alot of hype for a bad movie. It doesn't come anywhere close to the first 3 movies.  They were actually great movies to watch. I'll probably give away my copy of Ep.1 since I feel ashamed at having it in my Star Wars movie collection.  Ep.1 is not a real Star Wars movie, period! Instead of spending 2 hours watching Ep.1 (very bad movie!) I would suggest watching the original Star Wars movie (excellent!). Don't waste your time with Ep.1, you're not missing anything. Really.  END
0374384576|5.0|This book is undoubtedly Roald Dahl's best. It shines above the rest. It  is so great i read it again and again. It gives you the real facts about  witches and what they are really like. It follows a boy who has an  encounter with witches. It is a story which will be used again and again.  If you buy this you will never stop reading because you want to know what  happens next. It is exiting as the boy tries to save every child in England  into a mouse. To have a laugh and need something to settle the Kids down  buy it!!!
0517122707|5.0|I've never laughed so hard in my life.  If you  ever wondered what life  looks like throughthe eyes of a hotdog vendor,while living over the edge of  reality, then you must read this book. It's an  absolute delight to the  imagination and funny bone.
B0000000LI|2.0|Don't need a sleeping pill.  Just listen to this sleepy elevator music.
0790744759|5.0|This is one of those films which I had the pleasure of seeing in my younger days, and to this very day, even though I've seen it once, it still remains in your heart and mind.  Every song and character remains loveable  and heartfelt.  You feel as though you're transported to St Louis at the  turn of the century - this is one of those rare films that does indeed  bring you back in time and you can almost smell the scents and taste the  decor.  Judy Garland proves again and again why she is a legend.  Every  time I hear the song &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; I  immediately think of this film and Judy Garland. It is Judy Garland alone  which makes Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas my all time favorite  Christmas song, as well as one of those all time sadly/sentimental happy  songs. Gorgeous and magical film making.
0783228317|5.0|Wow.  I first saw this movie when i was stoned and even though i didnt catch any plot (and i still don't) I loved it!  Just the way Johnny Depp looks with the sunglasses and the cigarette is enough to make you  hysterical laughing.  Definitly not mainstream, but of course it's a cult  classic among anyone who did/does drugs and especially those who were a  part of the acid culture of the 70s!
B000002LPD|4.0|The 3rd Van Hagar masterpiece. Listening to this album today will remind you of just how far the band has slid from the dizzying heights they once occupied. &quot;Carnal Knowledge&quot; rocks. This is the kind of CD that  if you are listening to it on the freeway you will be going 80-90 mph  before you realize you are speeding. As usual Eddie's guitar sizzles,  making sounds that would make Hendrix cring, check out the tracks &quot;In  and Out&quot; and &quot;Man On A Mission&quot; and you will see what I  mean. Sammy Hagar's powerful voice really makes this album the winner that  it is, he exudes macho, his voice is the human equivalent to Eddie's guitar  notes. There is something for every hard rocker's taste on this album,  serious, funny, fast and slow &quot;Carnal Knowledge&quot; has it covered.  Don't blow your ears out cranking it, you'll need them for the last Van  Hagar masterpiece &quot;Balance&quot;.
6304297912|5.0|This excellent film portraying the grim reality of drug culture in today's society is something every one should see. Told in a poignant and intelligent way through the eyes of Renton (Ewan McGregor) we immediately  sympathise with him and follow him through his miserable life as a drug  addict. To prevent us from turning away from the nasty bits in the tale  there are some incredibly funny bits which add to the tragedy of the tale,  a brilliant soundtrack and a good pace as well as some fascinating, though  hardly likeable, characters such as the psychotic Begbie and wide boy Sick  Boy.<br />A very good film indeed and is certainly a good public health  warning against drug-taking.
B00003OST8|5.0|If you like swashbuckling adventure and unbelievable scenery and action then this is the Robin Hood film for you.  No one does it better then Errol Flynn and De Havilland...not to mention Basil Rathbone as the evil Sheriff  of Nottingham....also look for Alan Hale, father of the skipper from  Gilligan's island, as Little John.  I only wish it was available in DVD...a  true classic..
6301008960|4.0|It makes you believe that you could be liked more and not be laughed at
B000002KO3|5.0|If you have never listened to this recording before, you are one lucky SOB.  This album has stood the test of time and remains one of my all time favorites.  I threw a little party a few weeks ago and (of course) by 2:00  a.m. half the place was dancing to &quot;Cross Eyed and Painless&quot; (the  second track).  The &quot;Great Curve&quot; (third track) - also a great  dance number - is a mind blower.  Sure, the lyrics are about as oblique as  they come but mixed in with the music, under the right conditions even they  make sense once in a while.  Give this CD a chance and you won't be able to  stop listening to it.  Note: this album has the Heads' most famous song -  &quot;Once in a Lifetime&quot;
B00000J7J4|2.0|Maria Maria is cool. The restyou can find in file 13. Heis like some singers who isa one good song singer.
6305627401|3.0|Even though a big fan of the South Park series, and its painfully sophomoric humour, I was not particularly impressed with the movie.  It was considerably darker than the series, and rather preachy by comparison. <br />  While the characters were their usual, and the storyline was a step above  Trey and Matt's usual fare, it struck me as an hour-long television show  that was stretched to fit a feature film time slot. <br />  There are some  great moments in the film, particularly the musical numbers by Terrence and  Phillip, and the whimsical poignancy of La Resistance; but much of the  movie is just plain painful to watch as well -- particularly the scenes in  Hell, which seem a rather crude stereotype of homosexual relationships, the  battle with Canada, and just about any scene with Kyle's mom.  <br />  The  movie sends up so many different genres, and is so loaded with pop media  and classic movie in-jokes (much like the series) that it gets to feeling a  bit cluttered and incoherent at times.  But if you enjoy spotting all the  references, it is quite a lot of fun. <br />  It is mainly a commentary on  censorship and parents who lack interest in their childrens' lives while  forever fighting &quot;causes&quot; in the name of &quot;decency&quot; for  their children.  It ultimately makes the point that it is the parents who  are to blame for &quot;problem&quot; children, and not outside influences  (a somewhat simplistic view); and it makes that point heavy-handedly.   Indeed, near the end of the film, one gets the feeling that Parker and  Stone are almost literally trying to beat it into the audience's collective  head. <br />  Again, it did certainly have it's moments of sheer hilarity, and  I would say that anyone who is a fan of South Park would probably enjoy  watching this movie.  Just don't expect too much.
0375703764|3.0|His book is certainly a novel idea:  tell two or three stories in one book.  Johnny Truant, Zampano, Navidson and his family, Johnny's Mom, etc..  Its a terrific idea but the writing falls short.  Read this book if you  are into the horror genre and want something different.
B00000J6AG|4.0|Ok, here is the truth.  Many will give Moby a hard time for making this album.  Those people are usually techno purists, which is fine.  Do not classify this album as techno, electronica, and so on.  Just listen to it.  It is good music. It has a feeling throughout, although the songs differ  immensely.  Don't think you are getting 15 tracks of bodyrock.  The cd is  peaceful, moving, and exciting.  It adapts to your mood.  Put it on while  reading, play it loud while driving, just give it a shot like the other  millions who have bought it have.  I will say that the hype surrounding it  is a little much and may have caused it to become slightly overrated.
6305558167|5.0|I just watched Excalibur while listening to the director's commentary.  So, now I realize that the intense colors were intentional.  I can see (sort of) why Boorman did this, but in a way I still think the film would  have been better without them.
B0000004F9|5.0|This double album feels great to me,it consists of a  formula that was appropriated believe it or not  by bands like &quot;Mamas and Papas&quot;,&quot;The Beatles&quot;, &quot;Frank Zappa&quot;,&quot;The  Zombies&quot;,&quot;The wild flowers&quot;.Pop  or not,the formula  consisted of mixing classical,jazz and rock what was once though very ,very  obtuse! Anyway,the formula is pushed foward with surges of psychedelic,and  great hints of prog-rock.The machine produces very abstract yet very  melodic music that is truly inspiring,it's the kind of music that some  people say grows on you! A great link between rock and jazz too!
B000003RCY|5.0|RAMMSTEIN KICKS IT HARDCORE. THEY ARE THE BAND OF THE FUTURE. ALTHOUGH I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY ARE SAYING I STILL THINK THEY ARE THE BIGGEST AND BADDEST AROUND!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I've heard a friend's copy of this album a few times now, and I've checked out some of the guitar TAB available. As a reasonably experienced guitarist and musician, I thought I would be able to pick at least 1 or 2 of the  songs, but the guitar work on songs like &quot;Smooth&quot; - even though  it sounds quite simple - is outstanding. As with all Santana albums, it  gels together well. It is an 'album', not just a collection of songs thrown  together for the hell of it. TOP JOB!
B000005S37|5.0|$!%^@$!%^@$!%^@$!^%@RTQCRWQGFWGHQWF&amp;^!%^%!^%^!%!&amp;^%!&amp;^%&amp;^%!^%&amp;^!%^!&amp;^!%^&amp;T!YTWYWYWF!*&amp;Q^!&amp;*^@!&amp;*@^!*(&amp;@^!&amp;*@^!&amp;*@^!IUHKJQHWKQJHWJKQHWQWQWQW GFHGWFEYTTQWRCE!UDGWKQDUBQOIUDBO!(*@B&amp;~*#&amp;B~O*#&amp;~UH~BH!(*~Y#~UY#UI~P&amp;#*~:UJKL~!:UI@U~:!O(~IOUIO:!&amp;@()*():( If you enjoyed reading this, and perhaps derived something meaningful from  it, while gaining a deeper insight into mankind, well then this album is  for you!
6301969251|5.0|An excellent movie (4 1/2 out of 5). The interaction between Jesus (Max Von Sydow)and Satan (Donald Pleasence) was very good. An all-star cast made this movie. The scene of the raising of Lazarus by Jesus is awe inspiring!
6305736650|5.0|For me, the intriguing story of _Casablanca_ is not the story of Rick and Ilsa trapped between the reality of their present and the memory of their past.  <br />No, the truly interesting  story of _Casablanca_ is that which is  revealed in the DVD's supplementary documentary, _You Must Remember This_.  The creation of this true work of art in an environment dedicated to the  mass production of films gives hope to every artist who's had to perform  commercially.  Indeed, one almost comes away from a behind-the-scenes  exploration of _Casablanca_ with an actual appreciation of the way in which  deadlines and pressure can help the artist make a better product.  <br />_You  Must Remember This_ is thus useful for its display of  the whole  &quot;studio system&quot; era in Hollywood.  It gives a good glimpse into  that time and could serve as a useful jumping-off point to anyone seriously  studying the subject.<br />Likewise, the way in which the film's producers and  director led the project is a fascinating exploration of management  science.  The film became legendary, I think, because the people at the top  allowed great flexibility for those they led, and weren't afraid to play  around with ideas offered even on the studio floor.  I think MBA candidates  would do well to look at the way this film was put together for  enlightenment.<br />Still, I can't resist talking about the film itself.  For  me _Casablanca_ is the legend I return to in my own mind whenever there are  romantic crises in my life.  I think that part of the reason that this  movie has survived is because it offers a unique perspective on romantic  disappointment.  Instead of concluding with scorn or hatred of partners  who've left one hanging, it says that people can have noble reasons for  causing pain.  It also says that ultimately pain is eased when one achieves  understanding of the other person.  I'm not sure that any major American  film gives such a positive spin to heartbreak as this one.<br />It's  thus not at all hard for me to recommend the DVD version of this product,  for the excellent  supplementary documentary alone, and the movie itself,   for the surprising values it discovers in the heart of a morally ambiguous  Morocco.
6301969251|5.0|An excellent movie (4 1/2 out of 5). The interaction between Jesus (Max Von Sydow)and Satan (Donald Pleasence) was very good. An all-star cast made this movie. The scene of the raising of Lazarus by Jesus is awe inspiring!
B000003S5H|5.0|two guys messing around with junk keyboards,fx,instruments and whatever it takes to bring the vibe...and what you get is moon safari from air french band,it will take you to a journey to the stars and rainbow outhere.the  music undoubtly got a flavor of beatles sgt.pepper era,and vibes from  japanese avant-garde pop music such as cornelius or fake plastic  machines.this is a mellow trippy music,you'll get high while listening but  no hangover afterwards.a perfect chill in music,it will always bring you  the happy yet melancholy vibe.
B000002UWW|4.0|THIS CD IS QUALITY, IF YOU LIKE VINTAGE RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS!  TRACK 1 AND 11 ARE MY FAVORITES, AND OF COURSE UNDER THE BRIDGE IS A FANTASTIC SONG!
B000007T1M|5.0|this is the best c.d that anyone can purchase. The best song in my opinion is number three.
630508999X|5.0|In my opinion, this is the scariest movie I have ever seen in my life. I loved this movie very mutch that I even bought it. I think the actress Nev Campbell is very good. I love all the movies she plays in. I think it is a  magnificent movie. At the end it was obvious that Scream 3 would come out,  and it did.
0451160916|5.0|Hard to believe that King basically grew up with out an abusive father let alone no father at all.  Probably the greatest of all modern horror yarns and especially in its treatment of passed on inner demons of an abusive  parent to a child and the grown up child's struggle with that inner demon.   The beautiful and horrorific allegory of Jack's struggle of disgust and  need for acceptance from his father/Overlook Hotel.  True genius of this  work, and many others, is the ability of King to write on several different  levels, which he has not usually done, and still presenting his trademark  of a totally absorbing story.  One of the great works of horror, if not  fiction, ever.
B00004SVID|4.0|This album may seem like nothing new for some Pink Floyd fans, but I have to disagree. The two new tracks are wonderful additions, and really compliment the performance nicely. The real prize, though, is the two  booklets included with this CD set. They contain a photo album from the  concert itself, as well as brief essays by band members and crew about The  Wall, both as an album and as a concert. This CD really gives you a good  feel for the atmosphere of a Pink Floyd concert, and proves to listeners  that Floyd's concerts are and will always be an experience, more than just  a show. The only negative side to this is that Pink Floyd fans who already  own The Wall original recording may not find enough new music here to  justify buying a new double-CD set. For die-hard fans, this will be another  great addition to the collection. For fans who don't have the original  recording, or who are looking to get a taste of live Pink Floyd, there is  no better album to jump into. This album proves just how timeless Pink  Floyd really is.
B00003CX5A|5.0|this is the most beautiful film i have seen, and probably will see for a long time to come.  each frame is worthy of being blown up and displayed in an art museum.  the production design is simply amazing.  who cares about  the script; some films are made to aesthetically please.   what a treat for  the eye and the soul.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Loud guiters, a winney voice, contant loud banging of drums but this band has a sound unlike any other. Its not anoying, its not britney spears, and its not Rob Zombie. It can only be described as the Smashing Pumpkins. If  you had never heard this band or only owned one of their albums this should  be the one to buy. This is an album you put in and just let go because  every song is good. All the songs are different so it doesnt seem  repetative like others. It goes from exciting to relaxing on a roller  coaster that ends in thought. The band seems to have a perfect balance so  that no matter what the mood of the song is, it still all fits together.  Not only can this band play great but Billy Corgan is a great song writer  that seems to have a mental balance of emotions with every song he sings  and with lyrics that make you think. I think this album shows the band at  there best yet and this album is worth the money.I hope to hear more S.P.  music soon.
B0000399WI|5.0|This movie had everythin that anyone could expect. The acting, plot, setting, and emotion was perfect, and the environment and style touches a spot deep inside of many people.
B00003XB8K|3.0|I bought the CD for its hypnotic rhythm and was unpleasantly surprised by the often hokey lyrics.  The entire CD is full of cliches like, &quot;silence must be heard&quot; and &quot;modern crusaders.&quot;  The  incorporation of O Fortuna works in some songs, but for the most part, it  sounds like Enigma is trying too hard.  In all, I'm not thrilled with this  CD.
6305622957|5.0|This movie gives you an idea of the scale of these events. The movie captured everything, even details that many text books choose to leave out. The action seems like it was torn right out of a signal corps camara and  the plot and huge cast stay true to the past. This is a classic with a  fairly well-done transfer to DVD. It is a must for any history buff or war  movie fan.
0060277246|4.0|The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe is an awsome book!  The one and only time I read it I knew I would love it. I like it how the author used it's imagination. You are probably wondering why I gave it 4 stars, I gave it 4 because there is some vilence in this book, like when one of the four characters in the book almost got killed in a war with some of the witches  people. I hope you enjoyed my pesintation and you will read this book.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I really loved this movie. The action, the plot and even the evil little aliens. The story was great and the terror was there! The effects are great though the DVD transfer could have been better. The DVD extras make up for  the less than perfect vidio quality.
630575067X|3.0|George Lucas' attempt at a comeback for directing is a rough one. The movie has its bad points, but it has some redeeming qualities that save it from being terrible.<br />The script is pretty slow and lunky, with lots of  dialouge about things the audience didn't really care about. Whether Anakin  was concieved by the midi-chlorians isn't important to us. We want the  things Star Wars was famous for.<br />Naturally, the FX are great...for 1999.  After seeing &quot;The Matrix,&quot; it doesn't look as good. Huh.<br />The  actors are basically reduced to playing action figures. Liam Neeson brings  in a good performance, as does Ewan McGregor, but Natalie Portman and Jake  Lloyd seemed a bit stiff. Pernilla August somehow gave the best showing of  them all. She was truly wonderful. <br />Now for the good stuff. First of all,  John Williams proves once again why he is a genius. His score for Episode I  was the best work he has ever done. (When I first heard 'Duel of the Fates'  I was in shock for 15 minutes.) Buy the soundtrack. The music may have been  the best part of the movie.<br />Also, Lucas brings us back to the good old  good-vs-evil battle we're accustomed to in the first trilogy. The ending  battle sequence is spectacular. Forget all this Jedi and Sith stuff; the  battle is spectacular. The lightsaber battle between Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan and  Darth Maul is great. The other two battles, I felt, just got in the way.  While watching the space battle or land battle, I felt myself yearning for  the sword combat. With the aforementioned musical score in the background,  this is the scene that is truly worthy of the name &quot;Star  Wars.&quot;<br />So is it a good movie? Yes. A masterpiece? No. Is it the best  movie of all time? Not by a longshot. Is it the best of the four movies?  No. But should you buy it? I know all you Star Wars freaks will buy it  anyway, but be warned: this is not a movie for everyone. If you want  classic Star Wars, go with &quot;Return of the Jedi.&quot; If you want a  movie that will surely be a collector's item in the future, buy it. But if  you're just looking for a good time on a lonely Saturday, consider renting  it first. Then see what you think.   <br />Oh, and watch out for Jar-Jar.
B000002H6C|5.0|I have been listening to Metallica for many years now. I actually started with their \\"Black\\" album and worked my way forward before working my way back to their older titles like \\"and Justice for All\\" and  \\"Master Of Puppets\\". Now I own every metallica release and I have  never heard an album as clean cut for such heavy hard music. James' vocals  are clear and totally understandable unlike alot of other metal bands with  extremely loud mucic, which seems to drown out the vocals. So here you get  an even mix of the music and voice and can actually understand the song  lyrics. Despite the length of each of the songs, they all have a unique  speed and rythym change somewhere in the song and almost seems like a new  song within the song. I love every song on this title but am most impressed  by \\"Blackened\\" and \\"Harvester Of Sorrow\\".  \\"Blackened\\" just for its unbelievable speed without becoming a  sloppy sounding song, and \\"Harvester Of Sorrow\\" for just plain  HEAVY! Guitar solo's by Kirk are fantastic and I don't think Lars' drums  have ever been so full of bass on the kick drum and so loud and clean and  full of snap on the snare drum. I get pumped every time I listen to this  album and will sometimes go for days just listening to this CD over and  over, never tiring of it. If I didn't already own this one, I'd definitely  be buying it now!
0440219078|4.0|I've read The Giver three times in my life. Once on my own in 6th grade and I didn't get to finish it; I still regret that to this day. Then I read it in reading class in eight grade. I was so amazed. It stunned me how it was so well written. Lois Lowry's imagination is outstanding. It felt as if I was right in the book with Jonas. I just finished it for the third time  this year in my tenth grade English class, and still the book gets better  every time I read it. It's about a twelve-year-old boy named Jonas, who  lives in a real but yet far from reality world, where there is no crime,  pain, or wrongdoing of any kind. The elders of Jonas's community assign he  and his fellow Twelve's to their life occupation.  You'll find out that  Jonas is special and so he gets a job that only one person gets. He's  chosen to be the receiver of memories in from the Giver. Jonas begins to  find out things in his community that no one else except he and the Giver  know about.  The thing I like the most about the book is that Jonas's world  has a controlled environment and they have a pill for everything like pain  and feelings.
B00002Z88D|2.0|This is definitely a different approach by Metallica and any metal band for that matter. I absolutely love Metallica and yes I do own this title however if you really knew Metallica and loved their heavy stuff, this  won't do it for you. While I only give it 2 stars, I really think that its a descent live show. I wish they would have had more than just 2 new tunes to offer up here. Pretty cool hearing some of the older Met tunes with the symphony behind them. Its not a terrible album and it may grow on me, but it does seem kind of gimmicky.
079074841X|1.0|Howard Stern is probably having a ball with this travesty of a film. This is a movie that belongs more in Hugh Heffner's Playboy mansion as a typical purient object than it belongs in the theater. The acting is narcissistic, sickening and inordinately learned by rote. Nicole  has the most nauseating scene I had yet to edure, with her Hungarian Romeo  Max Ophuling her around a dance floor; her every deliberated paused comment  sounding like Ali McGraw risen from the LOVE STORY dead.<br />This film,  declared the filmmaker, is &quot;my most important work&quot;. There's more  than a hint of Howard Hughes's last grim days in that remark. Kubreck is  not much of a grand slammer, in my book. My viewing of THE KILLING on the  same day I saw Eyes Closed convinced me that Kubrick's best work, (his most  controlled and precise work) was in his early days. (THE KILLING,PATHS of  GLORY and bits and pieces of LOLITA).<br />EYES WIDE SHUT just seems to be a  variation of Scorses's nocturnal journey of a film AFTER Hours. At least  that film looked like we were in New York.
0767802470|4.0|Now here is an interesting idea. Make a movie about World War 2 yet have it done from the perspective of the bad guys. This fine film follows the trials and victories, (which weren't good for the Allies of course), of a  Nazi submarine crew on one of their missions to win the war. It's long and  subtitled but what's wrong with that? Most of the film takes place aboard  the cramped, claustraphobic quarters aboard the submarine and one scene  involves an uncontrolled sinking of the sub to unbearable watery depths. My  fists were clenched when I first saw it. Would they make it? Well, rent the  DVD and see. Although I passionately hate the whole Nazi Ideal, the film  actually makes you see that many of these guys had families and sweethearts  and lives to go back to as well as the Allies. Many were young kids who  were fighting for what they thought was right. As a result, I couldn't help  but feel some sympathy for them at times. I'm just sorry they were fighting  on the side of evil. Wolfgang Petersen has done a great job with this film  and the release of the &quot;director's cut&quot; a few years back was a  wonderful idea. The movie gets a little draggy in some spots but overall  it's great stuff!
B00000JCOV|5.0|I believe that this is the best CD of 1999. The style of music is just amazing. The sound is mind blowing. In the words of Corey Taylor, &quot;It's a sonic assault on all your senses.&quot; The songs are more  addicting than nicotine. The guys are the coolest guys in rock. BUY THIS  CD!
B00003CXBK|4.0|I admire to a certain degree the whole Japanese animation thing. As a child, I watched those &quot;mecca&quot; transformation cartoons like &quot;Robotech&quot; and &quot;Voltron&quot;. If grown-up,  &quot;heady&quot; stuff like Mononoke Hime was around back in the early  80's, I never saw it. I'm rather new to the whole &quot;serious&quot; anime  stuff and after hearing consistantly glowing reviews about this movie, I  had to see it for myself. What can I say? It's an unusual film. A little  weird. But the animation flows a little smoother than most other anime I've  seen and the depth of character certainly goes beyond much of the silly  American cartoons. Some of the plot was hard for me to follow but as my  first cimematic experience of Japanese animation goes, I eventually liked  it. It kind of reminded me of the dreadful &quot;Ferngully: The Last  Rainforest&quot; but this film goes way beyond that into a whole new  territory of quality. I enjoyed it's surreal nature as well. There were  extended scenes where there was no dialogue. Just dreamlike images of water  moving and the wind blowing through the trees and sky. I like animation  that isn't always so talky. &quot;My Neighbor Totoro&quot; was like that  and it was beautiful. I enjoy it when animators allow facial expressions  and movement to sub for dialogue for awhile. Anyway, sometimes when I come  out of a film, it takes me a little while to decide if I really enjoyed it  or not. I have to think about the images I saw and the story. That was the  case with Mononoke Hime. But in the end I really did like it. It was  different, (well, here in America anyway), as far as &quot;forest&quot;  movies go. I pre-ordered the DVD and after seeing this, I don't even want  to see Disney's &quot;Tarzan&quot;. It probably wouldn't capture my  imagination as much.
0375707972|3.0|This book began has all of the basics that often catch a readers attention, but the plot seems to fade in and out.  The Reader begins with a  twist of irony which continues on throughout the plot.  Michael, a young 15  year old boy with Hepatitis, is drawn in by a 36 year old woman, Hanna.   One would not see a homely, sick individual falling into the sexual desires  of another person, but after a short period of time, the two of them  develop a relationship, that eventually falls apart.  The story unfolds  with the consequences that Michael and Hanna must deal with.  A lack of  communication and understanding destroy their relationship and cause a gap  to develop between them.  Despite attempts to atone her actions, Hanna  fails which culminates in suicide.  As I read, the Reader appeared  inconsistent in its portrayal of characters.  We develop an understanding  of Michael in the beginning, but the story later shifts to a focus on  Hanna, who we know very little about.  This does not allow us to see her  thoughts or actions, but it does allow us to ponder questions of why she  does what she does.  I was empathetic towards Hanna's weaknesses, but  Schlink did not allow us to completely understand her reason for concealing  troubles such as illiteracy.  The story also lacks a solid historical  background.  It is set in a post World War II setting, but it does not  appear to impact the characters, other than Hanna's previous life.  The  Reader started out a a well written book, but a shift in focus and a poor  conclusion allowed me to drift away.  I recommend it to others, but it is  not very interesting or moving.
B00003CXCS|5.0|No DVD? Well what's the hold up? Fox will release the silly &quot;Wing Commander&quot;* on DVD but not a classic like this? Priorities people! I finally, after years of hearing about this movie and seeing clips from it,  sat down and watched it. I'm not a big musical buff but what can I say. It  was charming and well done. It was also something else I didn't expect it  to be. Moving. I wasn't expecting the whole Nazi subplot later in the film.  The story actually got a little cryptic with one of the VonTrapp daughters  falling in love with a local young man who was actually in training to  become a Nazi. Sheesh! Christopher Plummer is magnificent as the patriarch  widower Baron VonTrapp who eventually finds love for Maria played by Julie  Andrews, a young nun who is asked to be a governess for his children. Good  show.<br />          *(Actually, I liked &quot;Wing Commander&quot;).
B00003003R|5.0|This album is excelent. I am a Guns N' Roses fan from an early age and believe me, if you ever liked them in their glory days, then this is for you. It is sure to win you back and begin humming those brilliant tunes in  which gnr are famous for. If you are up to date and are listening to the  latest bands like korn etc. and you are getting really tired of that  electronical touch, then buy this album!  It displays the ruggerdnesss and  sheer brilliance of gnr's music. If you are thinking of getting back to  those good old days of the full hardcore rock experience, then buy this. It  contains what i believe as a summary of gnr's work.      This album also  portrays how they were such a great live album. So if you are a die hard  gunners fan, then this is for you. The complexity of the live experience is  captured into these two 74 minite discs and is a real blow away for any  gunners fan.       I believe that the producers at geffen really stuffed up  one thing though. <br />Firstly, they got rid of those exelent solos and  intros which I found the highlight of their shows in the early nineties.  <br />Secondly, it is clear that each song has been cleaned up by editors and  has really been deprived of that extra atmosphere. In some cases axl sounds  like a different person, and one song sounds like it has been gathered from  several different performances.<br />    This is a great album and if you are  an ex gunner fan, you will be surely won over again. If you are a light  gunner fan, you will become a major gunner fan, and if you are a major  gunner fan, you might only then see that there are minor problems with it.  But either way, this is a kickass album and is sure to bring back some old  memories.
0783231202|4.0|I've never heard of the slave ship &quot;La Amistad&quot; or the story behind it. I remember that when this movie was released during the holiday season in 1997, there were those critics who said that it was less than  faithful to the actual story. That may be true but if you choose, just  accept this as a powerful and moving work of &quot;fiction&quot; then. The  exact account of what happened may be in question, but the film displays  quite well the effects of slavery and what it feels like to be ripped from  your family and your homeland, only to be brought over to a strange country  with confusing language. The performances were all good, (Anthony Hopkins  wore too much make-up), and despite the controversy, was worth my time. As  a Black person in America, I do not consider myself an African-American.  Just an American. Watching this movie, I acknowledge the sins of America's  past. But I love it here and am thankful to be a part of it. I wouldn't  want to be anywhere else in the world... not even Africa.
B00000I8BX|5.0|.......the more I like it. This cd is a hella cool metal cd. Every track is unique in it's own way and Fear Factory does NOT let me down. Shock, Edgecrusher, Smasher Devourer, Descent, Hi-Tech Hate, Resurrection, 0-0  Where Evil Dwells, Soulwound and Messiah are the standouts. If you like ANY  type of metal, chances are very broad that you'll love this cd.
B00001U0DP|5.0|It takes great skill to create a film about the Nazi atrocities during World War 2, add humor to the story and yet still have a tasteful and respectful product. Roberto Begnini has done this and he uses humor, (and  lighthearted lies), to shield his son from the horrors of the death camp  that they and his wife have been swept away to. It's heartrending to see  them all go through this. To see them plucked out of their familiar and  peaceful surroundings only to be thrown in the middle of Hell itself is  hard to watch. And although the boy is mostly oblivious to the surronding  reality, he hears &quot;rumors&quot; of the terrible things that befall  some of the prisoners there. I recently rented this on DVD and was stunned  by the magnificent picture quality. Begnini deserved the Oscar recognition  that he received last year. This is truly a fine film about something that  must never be repeated again.
B00000J7JO|4.0|The latest album by the delicious yet bad for you Red Hot Chili Peppers, delivers songs which play with the stylistic limits the band is used to.  Showing a deeply matured and musically sharpened Chilis,  &quot;Californication&quot; explores music with return of guitarist John F.  and with a more subtle sound.  While &quot;All Around the World&quot;  manages to pack in a powerful punch, ballad-esque songs like &quot;Other  Side&quot; and &quot;Porcelain&quot;, tend to stray from the raunchy  Peppers we all know and love.  Definitely an album of exploration which has  suceeded in showing that this band is not stagnant among the punk-funk  rockers, but rather, musicians who have grown and expanded their sound.
6305090564|3.0|I know what you are thinking. &quot;What! &quot; &quot;Three stars? &quot; &quot;Are you nuts! &quot; Well, some gave it five which is really overreaching a bit. This is a fun film if you like monster movies.  Not as terrible as I thought it would be. Sure it suffers from the routine  &quot;Alien&quot; plot rip-off to a vast degree as it chronicles a bunch of  armed-to-the-teeth mercenaries who raid a wealthy cruise liner only to get  a lot more than they bargained for. The whole ship is dang near empty! It's  worth a rental to find out why. But one has to admire this sort of genre to  a point of course. I wouldn't recommend this to the average moviegoer but I  liked it and that's enough for me.
6305079900|4.0|After considering the 80's style filming, and a few bad plot points this movie is quite good.  If you're a fan of the second film, you may loathe this film.  The plot is based around a weak love story (which may make action fans vommit).  The only thing this film really has to offer is violence, most of which is not that appealing.  Though the film has some serious problems, Schwarzenegger fans will love this classic.
6303201954|3.0|&quot;Star Trek The Motion Picture&quot; didn't exactly captivate movegoers and Trek fans alike when it was released in 1979. But you know, as a kid, for some odd reason, this film really interested me. I've seen it  300 times over the years, (well, maybe not that much but I've seen it a  lot), and I really like it. The reason why I don't give it a higher rating  is because I too agree that it's a little schlocky and filled with new age  jumbo mumbo and mumbo jumbo. But visualy it's so impressive. The Klingon  battle crusiers being &quot;erased&quot; and logged into memory, the  Starfleet spacestations, a futuristic San Fransisco spaceport and finally  the ultimate effect for me, the Cloud. I was so awed by this huge alien  force filled with these multi-chambered &quot;rooms&quot; that it blew me  away as a kid and still does. Seeing the Enterprise drift through veils of  color, dark tunnels and sparkling lights was very cool. According to one  individual in the film before he was killed, the Cloud was &quot;82  astronomical units in diameter&quot; when it was mapped as it approached  Earth space. That's a big alien! Star Trek has never really been GREAT  sci-fi, but I'll always have a soft spot for this movie.
0767803434|3.0|Do you like cheese?<br />If yes the movies for you.  Air Force one has all the action you need for a saturday night but it is just to cheesy.  Think I'm overexagerating you're right I am the only really cheesy thing is when  Mr. Ford says &quot;Get off my plane&quot;. The movie was great until then  and I'm thinkin (sarcastically) that's the best way to highlight a climax.  Let us face it, that is a cheesy line.<br />If you said no to the cheese  factor.  Its still a good movie that teaches an important lesson about  caring for your family more than anything (the spread of communism for  example). If you don't like sensitive messages then see it because it has  got some violence you will enjoy.
B00003Q438|5.0|I was living in Baltimore, Maryland when &quot;The Abyss&quot; was released in theatres in August of 1989. I remember reading one critic who thought that it was better than E.T.. I found that to be true. James  Cameron has directed a masterpiece that IS a masterpiece in every sense of  the word. The awesome spectacle that this movie was didn't deserve the  awful box office it received. My theory has always been that moviegoers  were burned out with the other underwater films that had recently surfaced  such as &quot;Deepstar Six&quot; and &quot;Leviathan&quot;. But this movie  is different in a lot of areas. It has a great cast, terrific special  effects and a nice story. The recent DVD edition is chock full of special  features. It's one of the very best DVD's that has rolled out of the  industry. Also, my thanks to Mr. Cameron for authorizing the &quot;Special  Edition&quot; version which clarifies a few areas and plot points. Batman  was correctly predicted to be the box office champ of 1989. It should have  been this film instead. &quot;Titanic&quot; wasn't this good!
B00004SVID|5.0|I have been a Floyd fan for many years and this album is a truely unique example of how an artist can express himself through his craft. The story told in this album is enhanced by a collection of songs that emminate  straight from the sole. This collection of confessions tells of how easy it  is to indulge in the excesses of life at the top and how serious the  consequences can be. I think it's true gift is the ability to take the  listener on a journey they will not soon forget, and hopefully at the same  time, learn a little from as well.Please do yourself a favour and listen to  this album, it can give some new perspective on giving of ones self in ones  art. Mark Knopfler of Dire Straits once said that music fills in the spaces  between words in a way that words can't. I believe this is the case with  this album where one is taken from the hights of elation to the depths of  despair in a few songs. The vocals are great and the lyrics are as  important today as they were in the 60s. It really is worth a listen!
0767817478|1.0|This is by no means a &quot;Godzilla&quot; movie per say. The film portrays itself as a Jurrasic Park Goes To New York.  Has none of the flair that made those Cheesy Godzilla films so great. I was disappointed to see  that Godzilla didn't have his radioactive fire breath.  At no point did the  creature go on the offensive, he/she just hid in the city.  There wasn't  even those 6 inch high japanese women from that Mothra movie.  Some element  of fantasy was missing from this film.  Instead Devilin gave us a 'What if  a giant iguana decided to nest in NY story.' The film I thought was very  pretentious. The bit with the Roger Ebert look-a-like mayor was un-needed  in the movie, and struck me as the director was saying, &quot;This film is  so great that no film critic will be able to say anything negative about  it.&quot;   Well you guys couldn't have been so wrong.  Instead of  portraying if Godzilla existed in the real world, it would have been better  if we the movie go'er were taken to a world that world that doesn't exist.   If Devilin and Co where to make a sequel (which I've heard is in the  works), then I'd suggest beefing up on a plot, and perhaps watching all  those Godzilla films that have come before it.
B000002JOH|5.0|Pantera's Vulgar Display OF Power rates as one of the most intense,body slamming mind broadening speed metal albums composed this centuary.Phil Anselmos roaring,venom soaked vocals bellowing forth messages of  furious,insightful social commentry while Dimebag Darrel rips blowtorch  fire out of the stinging furnace that is his guitar,pasting metallic  grooves into full-out death metal/blues compositions,while rex and vinnie  churn out godzilla/king knong rythymic monster grooves;paving a destructive  path of unimpenetratable double bass drum and tom/snare volcanic executions  and swamp soil bass mastications.hot damn, this is a metal album which  pulverises brick walls. review by Asher Locketz.
6305169187|1.0|Even for an escapism movie, Armageddon is just plain bad. Do this date, I can't figure out why oh why if you're gonna blow up a asteroid the size of Texas would you need a gattling gun?  The film made no sense, to say the  acting and dialog made no sense. Horrible film to watch.  If you want a  space adventure that is gripping and tense, then I'd suggest buying Appollo  13.
0684833395|5.0|If you are thinking of reading this book take and chance and start now, you won't be sorry. I rank this as one of my top 5 favorite books and the best satire I have read or seen. The book can start out to be a little hard  to read at first with dozens of characters and a timeline that goes back  and forth without notice. But once you get thru 100 pages or so the plot  starts to come together and it's pure genius stands out. No other book I  have read makes better satirical comment on the Human nature than this book  and the humor used will make you laugh out loud while reading. The closest  comparison I can give this book is the movie &quot;Life of Brian&quot; by  Monty Python. If you liked that movie read this book and vice versa.
B0000025OP|4.0|I admit that I originally bought this album for one song: Forever Young.  I had wanted a recording of Dylan singing that tune for a long time and didn't want the live version.  But I was more than pleasantly surprised to  discover that 1.)  The Band accompanies Dylan on this album, and 2.)  It's  a great album! <br />I have long been a fan of &quot;Before the Flood&quot;  and it's always a treat to listen to The Band backing Dylan.  The Band's  sound is quite distinct on this album, especially on songs such as &quot;On  a Night Like This&quot; and &quot;Tough Mama.&quot;  Then there is, of  course, &quot;Forever Young, &quot; and on this album you get 2 versions of  this classic tune back to back, which in another case might be annoying,  but the takes on the song are so different that it's interesting to hear  how one flows into the other.  Two notable ballads include  &quot;Hazel,&quot; which is a beautiful, bluesy little love song and  &quot;Never Say Goodbye,&quot; with a guitar melordy that is a cross  between Jimi Hendrix and Jeff Buckley.  Personally, I could do without  &quot;You Angel You&quot; and &quot;Wedding Song&quot;  but there is enough  quality in between these two songs to make up for them.<br />As a whole,  Planet Waves is a great album for both Dylan and The Band fans alike.  I  don't know if I'd recommend it as a starter album for anyone who is just  starting to get into Dylan, but it is definitely worth checking out,  especially if you are into the music that he put out around the time of  Blood on the Tracks.  I put in on in my car, roll the windows down and just  smile as I drive...
B000000OSE|4.0|This was Guns N' Roses' best configuration -- Izzy Stradlin' and Slash providing the buzzsaw guitars and melodic solos, Matt Sorum providing the big, strong beats, and Axl Rose writing some of his best songs (mixed in  with a few duds).<br />Use Your Illusion I contains the sprawling  &quot;November Rain&quot;, Guns N' Roses' most successful attempt at  enriching its basic rock-band arrangements with keyboard strings, piano,  and multiple vocals.  &quot;Don't Cry&quot; is a little watery as a ballad,  but &quot;Right Next Door to Hell&quot; finds the band deliciously  cantankerous, R ose ranting vitriolic but intriguing lyrics,&quot;Dust and  Bones&quot; is funky metal in the Aerosmith tradition, and &quot;Dead  Horse&quot; is the kind of raucous bulldozer Guns N' Roses excells  at.<br />Its companion album is the superior record, but Use Your Illusion I  remains one of the last and finest of statements by an '80s metal band.
B00004SVIK|5.0|Even if you already own a copy of the studio version of The Wall, invest in this concert version. The musicanship is excellent ! Waters and Gilmore SOUND like there having a great time  playing this concert. The added  tracks are just alright, but the entire 2 CD's is definite a real bonus to  any true Pink Floyd Fan. Even the cheaper of the sets has two outstanding  booklets inside. Truely a masterpeice in concerts. I can't think of a  concert CD I like better. Bye it, you will truely enjoy every note !
B000002IZ4|5.0|Accused of mimicking Pearl Jam, Stone Temple Pilots took two years after its debut (1992's core) to produce this astounding, strange, and utterly fascinating album containing some of the band's best compositions, a newer,  better sense of lyrics, and better performances all around.<br />Purple is  almost pop-music in its songwriting approach, with emphasis on big,  throbbing hooks, sharp production, and execution.  &quot;Meat Plow&quot;  opens the album on a sneer and a bristling beat, and then  &quot;Vasoline&quot; announces the band's intent to experiment.  Two notes  on a guitar tell the story, and Scott Weiland's unusually nuanced singing  combine for the strangest grunge anthem since Alice in Chains'  &quot;Would?&quot;.  &quot;Pretty Penny&quot; finds the band in dreamy  territory with its best ballad ever, hands down, Weiland's singing  evocative and emotive; &quot;Big Empty&quot; has dynamics and huge surges  of guitar; &quot;Still Remains&quot; is infectious in its melody, imagery  and sexual tension; and &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; is another  anthemic crunch a la &quot;Plush&quot;, the biggest modern-rock hit of its  time (a record it held until a year or two ago).  The album suckerpunches  yet again at the end with the incredibly weird but maddeningly catchy  lounge tune (not performed by the band) that thumbs its nose at  conventional album recording and is another showcase of the sense of humour  that Stone Temple Pilots have begun to mine.<br />Very worthy, very catchy  rock and roll; an album that begins to carve STP an identity independent of  its forerunners.
0783226063|3.0|Advice One is this:  if you haven't read the book, don't waste your time.  What is good is that the visuals are outstanding.  Lynch did a superb job constructing Herbert's universe.  Beyond that, there are some real  problems.  Some of the acting is really good (Patrick Stewart as Gurney  Halleck, especially), and some really bad (Sting totally overdoing  Feyd-Rautha).  Jessica wasn't nearly as impressive as in the book.  Perhaps  the worst part is Kyle MacLachlan's continued whispering of his thoughts  (Dune...desert planet...Dune...desert planet...ENOUGH ALREADY!).  Like  other reviewers, I'd be curious to see the version with all the deleted  scenes.  But since Lynch supposedly isn't allowing that, I can just say  c'est la vie.
B000000OSG|5.0|The quiet-loud fury of &quot;Civil War&quot; opens Use Your Illusion II, a record which despite its more experimental, weirdly unengaging ditties (&quot;Get in the Ring&quot; and &quot;My World&quot;) contain some  gut-wrenching rock and roll classics.<br />&quot;You Could Be Mine&quot; drips  with power and venom, Slash's blues-metal guitar sounding as furious as  ever and Matt Sorum's drum attack establishing him as Guns N' Roses' best  drummer; &quot;14 Years&quot;, with Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin' sharing  lead vocals, is a sleazy but involving kind of swing;  &quot;Yesterdays&quot; has ringing guitars with one of Rose's  lost-innocence lyrics; and &quot;Estranged&quot; contains a volley of  Slash's best guitar melodies, all of which can rival the immortal intro to  &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot;.<br />The &quot;blue album&quot; was Guns N'  Roses' last great album.  Short-lived as the band was, its instrumental  skill, unusually keen songwriting ear and ambition harkened to an older  time when rock and roll could still claim to be larger than life...and  deliver on the threat.
B00004SVID|5.0|You might not be so sure of whether its worth it, but trust me,it is.  The book alone is worth it!
B0000028M7|5.0|I don't think there's any other grunge-era song that opens as violently and as brashly as Dirt's opening track, &quot;Them Bones&quot;.  While not a great song, it captures the atmosphere of this album perfectly --  aggressive, guitar-thick, heavy, and lyrically bleak.<br />The level of  songcraft on Dirt is amazing.  &quot;Dam That River&quot;'s intriguing  rhythm shifts, the sparse but haunting &quot;Angry Chair&quot;, the  anti-war cry &quot;Rooster&quot;, and the majestic &quot;Down in a  Hole&quot; show the members of Alice in Chains to be among the best  songwriters of their generation.  And then there's &quot;Would?&quot;, a  surprising, powerful and funky midtempo song with incredible atmospherics  and derailed-train guitar riffs, and one of Layne Staley's best vocal  performances on record.<br />This isn't an album to play on a sunny day.  It's  despondent, deformed, and grave.  But its power on its own terms cannot be  denied.
0345350499|3.0|I just got done reading this for the first time.  I have to say that while  the charge of bigotry is too strong, Bradley's perspective on religion is  one-sided.  Yes, the authorial voice never explicitly condemns  Christianity, to have hundreds of pages where the only Christians are  narrow-minded fanatics makes Bradley's viewpoint fairly clear.  Bradley  might undermine Morgaine as being too extreme towards the end, but for 500  pages before that Morgaine's point of view is portrayed as the most sane.   One cannot get around this issue by claiming that it's all fantasy.  It's a  fantasy story set in real history, and Bradley's portrayal of Christianity  at this point is rather inaccurate.<br />So what's good about the book?  The  basic concept is very clever.  These female characters are often not given  much motivation, so to tell an entire story from their point of view is  refreshing.  Also, the characters are fairly rounded.  Excepting the  epilogue, the last sections are quite affecting and evoke a melancholy  atmosphere.  But don't go into the book unless you're prepared to deal with  876 pages of one-sided, pro-pagan editorializing.
1556154844|4.0|You can see all the other comments to determine if this book is for you. (As far as I'm concerned that group includes everyone who is a programmer who has not read it yet ().<br />While most of the advice does not age, the internet and WWW as we know them today have happened since this book was written, and distributed (i.e. web,  client/server, etc) programming has all but eclipsed monolithic software.  An update showing the important principles of sanely developing distributed  and web apps would be very appropriate - particularly since web development  is new and easy to get started in, and therefore attracts new or  inexperienced developers in droves.
0140166157|4.0|Margery Allingham was an uneven writer but she hit a purple match in the early 50s, with the brilliant &quot;Tiger in the Smoke&quot; and this subsequent, similarly-themed novel.  The calculating killer, who murders  not out of madness or hate or bloodlust, but for simple convenience, is a  terrifying creation and the opening of the story, as he plots his latest  crime, is extraordinarily gripping - there is a real smell of evil as he  methodically prepares to take a human life.<br />The atmosphere of postwar  London is beautifully captured and the conclusion tremendously suspenseful.  In many ways, Allingham was ahead of her time - she was a precursor to the  Ruth Rendell/Barbara Vine school of psychological suspense.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I got this CD for free after the buzz surrounding his Grammy nominations.  Overall, the CD is good even though there are some filler tracks here.  Still, you can't help it but wonder how Moby can turn a spiritual song from  the 1920's (or earlier) into a catchy, dancable tune.  And the best part is  he keeps all the songs simple and straightforward!  The best tracks on this  CD are &quot;Honey&quot;, &quot;Find My Baby&quot;, &quot;Bodyrock&quot;,  &quot;The Sky Is Broken&quot;, and &quot;My Weakness&quot;.  By the way,  &quot;Sky&quot; and &quot;Weakness&quot; were used in two episodes of  &quot;The X-Files&quot;.
B000021Y7W|5.0|This film is, by far, the greatest concert movie ever made!    <br />The Talking Heads, especially the brilliant David Byrne, have an unbelievable stage presence.  Thank goodness director Jonathan Demme left the concert  alone.  He added no special effects, camera tricks, etc.    <br />So, if  you're a fan of the Talking Heads, seeing this movie will be an  exhilirating experience; it includes 16 fantastic songs (plus two bonus  tracks).  And even if you never liked the band, &quot;Stop Making  Sense&quot; will definitely convert you!
0375707972|5.0|The Reader is a well-written, simple and easy to follow read. Through the first person narrator, Michael, the reader travels through post-World War II Germany to give us insight into the decisions, thoughts, behaviors, and the way moral values can be challenged in life. We journey through three  phases in Michael's life. In many ways each of us can find a little Michael  in ourselves. He is at first vulnerable and dependent. Then he is growing  and learning by trial and error to formulate his own identity. In the third  and final phase Michael is grown man, with ideas, morals, feelings, and  beliefs of his own. The Reader will force the audience to determine right  from wrong and bring back a painful time in history.    Michael gives us a  glimpse into how a fifteen year old boy still longs for adult attention.  His relationship with a thirty-six year old woman may be viewed as a  warning to adults that they have a responsibility to protect the young and  not trespass or allow anyone else to trespass on their weaknesses and  innocence.
B000003BDJ|5.0|Even if you already own most of their albums, this 2 cd set will do nicely, especially for long car rides or just to put on around the house.  Most of their mid-60s to 1971 stuff is here &amp; they sound just as great  now as when first released.  The follow-up collection, Big Hits &amp; Fazed  Cookies is ok, but nowhere near as great as this, alot of Big Hits &amp;  Fazed Cookies seems like album filler with a few big hits tossed in.  If  you're just starting to get into the Stones golden oldies, this is a good  collection to start with &amp; is highly recommended.
0375707972|5.0|The Reader is a well-written, simple and easy to follow read. Through the first person narrator, Michael, the reader travels through post-World War II Germany to give us insight into the decisions, thoughts, behaviors, and the way moral values can be challenged in life. We journey through three  phases in Michael's life. In many ways each of us can find a little Michael  in ourselves. He is at first vulnerable and dependent. Then he is growing  and learning by trial and error to formulate his own identity. In the third  and final phase Michael is grown man, with ideas, morals, feelings, and  beliefs of his own. The Reader will force the audience to determine right  from wrong and bring back a painful time in history.    Michael gives us a  glimpse into how a fifteen year old boy still longs for adult attention.  His relationship with a thirty-six year old woman may be viewed as a  warning to adults that they have a responsibility to protect the young and  not trespass or allow anyone else to trespass on their weaknesses and  innocence.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is my favorite movie of all time!  The special effects are incredible and the plot is cool.
B00000K19E|1.0|i have to admit, when i saw the this movie the first time i was stunned by the great visual effects and the amazing martial arts. watching the movie a second time however, i realized how annoyingly pathetic the dialouge and  plot is. it seems as if the writer just wrote a story to justify the  special effects, not as if the visuals support the plot. there are huge  gaps that are left unexplained and are just justified because &quot;this is  the science-fiction and who knows what might be possible in the  future&quot;. and by the way, reeves is a terrible actor and it is very  tiring to listen two his dull voice and ridiculous lines for 2 straight  hours. this movie is terrible.
B000001Y79|5.0|I thought that this CD was just awesome.  After I heard a song, I just couldn't stop listening to it.  It is the kind of music that just stays in your head, and after listening to it, you can't stop humming it, the songs are so catchy.
B00004SVID|5.0|This CD truly captures the feeling of The Wall.  It is even better than the original, David Gilmore's guitar work shines, and Roger Water's vocal have more feeling and meaning than the studio version.  This is a must have  for all true Floyd fans.
B000002MH5|5.0|For someone like me, who likes a little bit more mainstream stuff, this is Dinosaur Jr at its best. <br />J Mascis doesn't forget the guitar on this CD.  In fact, this CD contains probably some of his best, including some great  work on &quot;Out There&quot;, &quot;Get Me&quot; and others.  But he adds  timpani drums and some other touches to other tracks, including some  slightly off-key but very captivating falsetto vocals on &quot;Not the  Same&quot;.  <br />I also highly recommend &quot;Without a Sound&quot;.
B000000W3G|5.0|man... it could take volumes to explain this curious collection of songs. they're curious in the way that instead of just a batch of leftovers and scrapings, every song on this, with the exception of &quot;pastichio medley  (which is forgivable since that's what it's supposed to be),&quot; is a  true original. every track is in itself another step towards rock&amp;roll  shangri-la. this is an amazing batch of songs, sprung like athena out of  billy corgan's odd-shaped head, and served to you in a delightfully retro  box.      Each single varies. the, &quot;tonight tonight,&quot; single has  a soft acoustic strum, while, &quot;zero,&quot; fully recaptures the  teenage angst that made america fall in love with the pumpkins.       &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings,&quot; is possibly the strangest. on it  there is a james iha original (with lovely vocals by nina gordon of veruca  salt), and then it delves deep into the heart of new wave, with  extraordinary re-workings of songs by the cars, alice cooper, the cure,  missing persons (maybe the best), and blondie. it's all very overwhelming,  but the pumpkins do each of these songs justice.         with the last two  singles, &quot;1979,&quot; and, &quot;33,&quot; you can tell that billy  intended some of these to be on Mellon Collie, especially,  &quot;Transformer,&quot; &quot;Ugly,&quot; &quot;Set the Ray to  Jerry,&quot; &quot;The Last Song,&quot; and the title track. so all in all,  this is a satisfying album, that will appeal to all tastes of music. i  recommend playing it as loud as possible.
B00004SVID|5.0|If you're a true Floyd fan, you know the deal between Roger Waters and Dave Gilmour.  This is what makes this album  special and different from all the previous Pink Floyd live releases.(Pulse, Delicate Sound of  Thunder, Waters' live Berlin Wall). This is the REAL Floyd recorded at the  peak of their career, performing the songs with noticeable freshness and  energy.  This was cutting edge rock, and they knew it.  Listening to this  album makes it very apparent how well Waters and Gilmour balanced each  other: Gilmour's haunting, fluid guitar and Waters' biting  edginess.   Bottom line: an excellent rendition of an all-time classic album by a  legendary band.  What more could you ask for?  Buy it.
B000000WJZ|5.0|what was nature thinking when it invented billy corgan? siamese dream offers several answers, and each one is more astounding than the next. lets start from the beginning. siamese dream is a work of genius, something for  everyone and still cool enough to alienate the teenyboppers. it proves in  the most lovely way that rock has the ability to save. and even today, it  still has a profound effect. one wishes that there are cymbal's to crash  whenever it's name comes up.
6305165912|4.0|A script that could've used one more re-write, with a couple of holes in the plot puts this film a notch below the Coen brothers' best works. Still, unforgettable performances by Goodman and Turturro, trademark Coen brothers  lunacy, and a well designed DVD (with a neon motif!), make Lebowski worth a  look.
B00004KD1L|4.0|This album was a pleasant surprise. It'd been recommended to me as chill-out music, but there's a lot more to it than that. Hip-hop fans will go for 'Whatever, whenever', dance freaks will like 'If everybody looked  the same' and 'I see you baby'. Personally, I think you can't beat 'Dusk  you and me' (excellent horn work from Andy Cato) and 'Serve Chilled' (nice  summer evening chill-out music). Not particularly strong in any one area,  Vertigo's big strength is that it will appeal to almost everybody in one  way or other.
B00000F14B|5.0|As a teacher of elementary age children, and focusing on performing arts in the afternoons, I must say that &quot;The Music Man&quot; is the quintessential musical to use in introducing musical theater to young  people.  The DVD version provides good sound, a very clear picture, great  color, and a wonderful overall movie-watching experience.
0880381736|5.0|I just finished the Dragonlance Chronicles, and this truly has to be my favorite, though, all of them were great! Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman really out did themselves.......It was wonderful!
B000000H64|5.0|Before hearing Fear Factory, I thought that they would be pretty bad, but when I heard song two on Demanufacture, I really liked the band.  The CD is even better when the bass is cranked up.  I recommend it if you like  Static-X, although I like Static-X better
B000002KBU|5.0|I might listen to other Joni albums like &quot;Hejira&quot; or &quot;Court and Spark&quot; more often than this one but Joni is as great here as she's ever been.  The songs are pure, confessional masterpieces with far less  backing instrumentation than on some of her other records.  As she has said  herself, this album was exactly who she was and what she was going through  at the time.  It's sometimes joyful, often sad, but always insightful and  beautiful.  &quot;The Last Time I Saw Richard&quot;, in particular, is one  of the most heartbreaking songs I've ever heard with lyrics that stay with  you forever:  &quot;The last time I saw Richard was Detroit in '68 and he  told me/&quot;All romantics meet the same fate someday, cynical and drunk  and boring someone in some dark cafe&quot;/&quot;You laugh&quot;, he said,  &quot;you think you're immune&quot;/&quot;Go look at your eyes, they're  full of moon&quot;/&quot;You like roses and kisses and pretty men to tell  you all those pretty lies&quot;/&quot;When you gonna realize they're only  pretty lies&quot;/&quot;Just pretty lies&quot;.
0964385619|5.0|This book is probably the best book I've ever read on financial principles. I was never taught in school any of the concepts that Robert Kiyosaki reveals in Rich Dad, Poor Dad. Kiyosaki helps the reader to  understand timeless principles that are now even more important to know in  the DOT.COM world. For anyone who wants to start and build a strong  business-this book and his book CASHFLOW QUADRANT  are vital tools. You  will not be disappointed.
B000002GWN|5.0|This particular recording shows Joni Mitchell's abilities off to great effect.  There were many terrfic songs she wrote before COURT AND SPARK was released, but there was something about her tendency to sing in the higher  end of her range (on albums like LADIES OF THE CANYON and BLUE) that would  leave me cold to the music. This live recording features what I consider to  be definitive versions that surpass her studio takes of many of those  songs.<BR> <BR> Singing in a more natural, lower end of her range (in  1974), there is not one song on this album that is uninteresting.  What's  more...it's one of the rare live albums that has actually makes me feel as  though I am there in the audience; particularly on the gorgeously simple  sing-along track, &quot;Circle Game.&quot;<BR> <BR> I love every track  here, but pay attention to &quot;Woman of Heart and Mind&quot; in  particular.   Joni is timeless.  If you enjoy her, and don't have this  album, get it. You won't be let down.
B00000JY1X|4.0|Introduced late to this work, I keep coming back to it again and again.  &quot;No One Will Ever Love You&quot; is a great example of good hooks.  There's enough here to satisfy almost every type of music listener.  Serve  yourself up a helping.
630575067X|5.0|So I guess it's the &quot;cool&quot; thing to trash this movie. Yeah, we know that &quot;The Matrix&quot; had better effects...it was also a completely different type of film. Yeah, we know that the acting and  dialogue to Episode I was subpar...have you ever seen the original Star  Wars movies?  They're not exactly the best acted and written movies on the  planet. Here's what I want to see in a Star Wars movie...<br />1) Cool visual  effects...Ep I has them<br />2) Cool spaceships...Ep I has them<br />3) Strange  worlds with weird new creatures...Ep I has them<br />4) Awesome light saber  duels...Ep I has them<br />5) Big explosions...Ep I has them<br />6) Good guys vs  bad guys...Ep I has them<br />7) Awesome sound fx...Ep I has them<br />8) John  Williams' exciting score...Ep I has it<br />Am I looking for &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot;?  Nope. Am I looking for a film that explains the mysteries of  the universe? Nope. Am I looking for Academy-Award winning acting?  Nope.<br />I'm looking to be taken away to a place I've never been before. I'm  looking to be shown where this amazing world I fell in love with back in  1977, 1980, and 1983 came from...where it started. I'm looking to have some  fun and have my jaw drop at what I'm seeing and hearing. I got my money's  worth.<br />I think there are way too many people who feel they have to bash  this movie in order to get revenge on all the hype, which I admit was way  out of hand. They call it a flop. Yeah, $500 million in box office  receipts. What a disaster. What a disappointment. Please!<br />It's OK, ya  know, you can admit that you liked it. You won't go to hell. You won't be  struck down by lightning. If you call yourself a Star Wars fan, and you  *didn't* think to yourself how cool the ending light saber duels were, or  how awesome the pod race was, then you really aren't as big of a fan as you  think. <br />It's Star Wars. It's good. And you know you'll be standing in  line when Episode II comes out in a few years. Shut up!
6304117752|5.0|I was seven when I saw SOM at the theatre for the first time.  My parents were such avid fans, we saw the movie another 10 times during its stint at the little &quot;Capitol Theater&quot; in Owosso MI.<br />Now 25 years later,  I own the Soundtrack CD, and the VHS.  I can't wait for the DVD.  VHS on a  normal TV does not do this movie justice.  My family often watches it after  big meals on holidays.<br />Ms. Andrews portrayal is superb.  Sad about Julie  Andrews' voice...this movie shines because of her.<br />Mr. Plummer's  portrayal grows on you as you get older.  <br />When you watch this movie with  children, they begin to ask questions about WWII because it puts things in  a perspective that they can understand.<br />In a word, the movie is  &quot;Inspiring&quot;
0805211063|5.0|This is perhaps one of the hardest books I've read. The sentences stretch  for lines, and the paragraphs take entire chapters. but don't let these  deterr you: this style only helps to create this existential nightmare,  makes it more dream-like.  Absurdity abounds this book: K.'s struggle to  get to talk to Klamm is rebuked countless times, making him start over  again. Pepi's dream to have Frieda's position is merely taken away by  Fireda, thus making her start over. And Frieda's plans of are merely thrown  away.  Martin Buber's philosophy is, perhaps, a greater theme in this  book. If you are not familiar with I AND THOU, I recomend reading it,  because his philosophy gives the greatest explanation as to why nothing was  accomplished.  And being familiar with Kierkegaard greatly helps to lead  tyo some sort of an understanding behind this enigmatic work.  I loved  this book and hated alll at once. I may not call it Kafka's masterpeice,  though, because I still have to read THE TRIAL. THE CASTLE is hard to get  through, but it is worth the effort.
0375703764|1.0|Some of the comparisons touted in the PR materials for this novel are  plainly insulting. Danielewski is to Nabokov what Kenny G is to John  Coltrane. They don't even inhabit the same planet. Nabokov had to struggle  for years with rejection from american publishers, reviewers and readers.  He was a writer, not a pop star.  Danieleski, himself the brother of pop  star Poe, is a hipster with good connections that is being obscenely hyped  by the huge publicity machine of Pantheon (none other than Random House) as  the next one-hit wonderboy of the week. That's all right if you want to  consume the cool disposable coffee table book of the month, but I'm afraid  delluding oneself to believe press releases is s symptom of how &quot;pop  culture&quot; is eating whatever was left of worthy and meaninngul in  mainstream publisher's lists. HOUSE OF LEAVES is amateurish, bloated with  self-importance and as boring as it gets. It reads like what a pretentious,  self-absorbed adolescent might write. Mr.Danielewski, who had his hair  tinted to blue &quot;because he likes to frustrate people's  expectations&quot; is a product, period, and a quite lousy one at that.  Enough is enough with all this shallow glorification of the banal, the  supposedly hip and the ephimerous media dear of the second. Major  publishers are dropping the midlist, with great authors and important books  getting lost forever, in favor of peddling this fodder &quot;for modern  hipsters&quot;.  Read Nabokov, or Umberto Eco or any of the names the  publicists have appropiated for the pandering of this object. And don't  wait for the movie, wait for the Multimedia set. This time, the Emperor new  clothes come straight from the Mall.
B00000C3G6|5.0|Just add this to your collection. It is the best Crosby &amp; Nash album of all, ranking as one of the best ever recorded by any member of CSNY, together with CSN (first one, 1969), Deja Vu (CSNY, 1970) and CSN  (1977).<br />Don't think twice, if you happen to love any of the CSN/Y albums  mentioned above.
B000001ESJ|5.0|I have worn out the album, lost over 3 tapes, broke a cd, and am buying another of this phenominal recording.  Xanadu sounds unbelievable on CD.  Also, have seen this band 9 times in concert starting in 1979-Hemispheres  tour live in Oklahoma City at the Fairgrounds.  The most talented band to  take a Rock and Roll stage.
B0000025ZF|5.0|At first it pained me to read some of the scathing reviews found here.  But then I realized that it isn't important what others (obtuse as they may be) think of this album.  What really matters is its importance to me.  And  no other album has elicited more precious emotions from me -- not even  close...and I can't imagine another one ever will.  I suppose Roger could  change that with his upcoming new solo album.        Please do yourself a  favor and find a quiet place free from distractions...dig out your  headphones if you like...follow the lyrics from the album...and give it a  listen.  Don't expect to be knocked over the first time around, but with  each subsequent listen, Roger will draw you in further and further until  you &quot;become&quot; the character in this masterpiece.  Not too  different from a lucid dream, once inside...it becomes a marvelous place to  be.  Thanks, Roger.
0440219078|3.0|Lois Lorry does not give us perfect society.  She gives us a society of every day people who are very lazy.  I read this book in eight grade and I really didn't understand it, but now that I have read it again I totally understand it.  The book is about a perfect world. Everyone is happy.  There are no feelings of any kind. No one has a name they have numbers.  Lois Lowry has a strange imagination.  I know I would have never thought of  something of this sort.  I think that this book will please a lot of  people.  I also like how the mood would change from happy, to sad, to  exciting.  I really liked when Jonas gets his memory about snow, and how he  had so much fun.  I also liked how he wanted everyone to have those  memories that he had received.  I thought that it was neat that they didn't  have birth mothers. They didn't get their bikes till they were age 8.  It  was neat in the way that one person had all the memories and no one ever  knew what happened in the past.  However the end was really different.  I  never would have thought that The Giver would have ended like it did.   I  would give this book three stars, because it's good.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|There may be albums more instantly gorgeous, those with more emotional depth or those with finer musicianship. But rarely do these three characteristics come together so well as on &quot;When The Pawn&quot;,  perhaps the only album from 1999 that still has secrets hidden in its  grooves, even after dozens of listens (the best album from last year, Steve  Earle and the Del McCoury Band's &quot;The Mountain&quot;, thankfully gains  nothing after the tenth spin- at that point, it is already too perfect). It  remain absolutely spellbinding, and like, for example, Neutral Milk Hotel's  &quot;In The Aeroplane...&quot;, perhaps the most alluring element of it is  the sense one gets that the next album will be even better. A stunning  effort.
0812550706|5.0|This is one of my favorite books ... but ironically it's a book I probably would have never bought for myself.  I didn't think I would enjoy this type of Science Fiction.  A friend loaned me a copy, I read it and was totally amazed!  This is action, depth and thought to a degree which makes you say  &quot;wow&quot; out loud while you read.  I didn't want it to end.  The  sequels don't live up to the original, but the original is worth every  penny you spend to buy it, and every irretrievable minute you spend reading  it!
057120211X|5.0|This book gives life to the movie as the reader is allowed to view the script, much in the same way the actors did as they put life to this story. It is fascinating to read the screenplay and compare it to the actual film,  noting the instances where the actors improvised and personalized their  charactors lines.  Most notable is the charactor of Lisa, only Angelina  Jolie could possibly get away with portraying such a disturbing charactor  in such an alluring and heroic light. If you enjoyed the movie Girl,  Interrupted you must read this screenplay, as it will leave you feeling   enlightened with a new found awareness.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I have seen this movie three times already and I still can'tget enough of it.  The Academy Award for Hilary Swank was welldeserved and Chloe Sevigny was robbed!  I absolutely love this movie. Who would have imagined there could be so much chemistry between Swank and Sevigny, and yet their romance is the most touching and affecting part of the film, defying the traditional model of cinematic lovers and yet at the same time demonsrating the kind of yearning for true love that we all experience.  END
057120211X|5.0|This book gives life to the movie as the reader is allowed to view the script, much in the same way the actors did as they put life to this story. It is fascinating to read the screenplay and compare it to the actual film,  noting the instances where the actors improvised and personalized their  charactors lines.  Most notable is the charactor of Lisa, only Angelina  Jolie could possibly get away with portraying such a disturbing charactor  in such an alluring and heroic light. If you enjoyed the movie Girl,  Interrupted you must read this screenplay, as it will leave you feeling   enlightened with a new found awareness.
0804106304|4.0|This story gave such an insight to the lives of the women who had to deal  with the horrific struggles of China. The message this book presented to  it's readers was so morally challenging, thought provoking, and inspiring.
0380002930|5.0|This is a book I couldn't put down.I read it within a week! It's a  beautiful story about rabbits who run away when their warren is in danger  to begin a new life somewhere else. The main characters name is Hazel who  is courageous and is a great leader. They have their own interesting  language(not the entire book)which has a dictionary in the back for quick  reference. And even for you people out there that like action, there is  plenty of fighting(rabbit style).
0684872153|5.0|(Takes place in the 1930s)I have read my share of books. Including all the classics. I think that this book should become on of the classics. This book is sad and funny! The story goes: The main charecter is born in NYC.  He has  brothers (Malachy) (Ugene) (Oliver) and a sister (Margret) After  his sister Margret dies they move to Limrick, Irelnad. The twins (Oliver  and Ugene)die. Than Michel is born... It goes on like this only with much  more detail. The father is from the north and drinks. YOU MUST READ THIS  BOOK!
0553296981|5.0|This book provides excellent insights into the world of a normal 13 year-old girl who was forced to live under extra-ordinary circumstances.  Anne Frank was forced to endure two years of hiding in a secret annex of her father's business during the Nazi hunt for Jews during WWII.  Her  insights into these facts are historically interesting but what fascinated  me was the way she wrote about the everyday things.  How the occupants of  the secret annex squabbled, what they ate from month to month, what she  thought about her friends, etc.  Amazing insights from a young girl.  And  all the while, you already know the end, which makes it all the more  intriguing.  Well worth your time to read.
B00004S6GL|3.0|Elliott Smith has been playing a handful of the tunes collected and recorded here for two years now (Stupidity Tries, Son of Sam, Happiness).  But unfortunately these outstanding songs suffer from a poor production.   For me, these three tunes, which I believe are the best of this set, will  always be vividly memorialized from his live shows with Quasi in 1998-99.   For example, 'Son of Sam' rocks live but it suffers in the version  presented here with annoying clacking keyboards and a guitar sound that is  low in the mix.  And my personal favorite 'Happiness' has been absolutely  butchered int he studio.  This is a shame because I think that this might  be one of Elliott's best compositions.  But here, it sounds like a wind-up  clock runningout of gas.  (Be on the lookout for an acoustic version of  'Happiness' that is absolutely brilliant.)  Fortunately, 'Stupidity Tries'  retains much of its live-context sound--if you ignore the annoying  orchestral swells at the end, that is.  A gorgeous melody and bittersweet  lyrics.<br />The production quality is somewhere in the middle between the  lush productions of XO and the lo-fi sounds of either/or and his eponymous  album.  Frankly, I prefer either extremes.  Parts of this album was  recorded at Abbey Roads Studio; however, there are few recordings here that  sound anything Abbey-esqu.  <br />Other good tunes are: 'In the Lost and  Found' which is reminiscent of Neil Young's 'Cripple Creek Ferry'; 'Junk  Bond Trader'; and the ominous instrumental/sound collage, 'Bye.' (Which, by  the way, sounds like Jon Brion's composition for the 'Magnolia'  soundtrack.)  Frankly, the songs here just don't cut up to the standards  that Elliott has set in previous albums.  Some songs sound like b-sides  from the 'Elliot Smith' album...<br />If you're an Elliott fan (as I am)  you're bound to overlook the kinds of concerns that I have raised.   Anything Elliott does is good as gold.  However, if you're not familiar  with Elliott, I'drecommend 'either/or' and 'Elliott Smith.'
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Just listen to &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; once and the CD is worth the money... &quot;Crash and burn&quot; is my all time fav song, you have to hear it to belive it! ^_^     ~Asuka
B00000JCB2|1.0|This isn't metal. This is an insult to metal. Don't waste your money or time. If you want metal, buy an album from Soulfly or Slipknot.
B000001ELP|3.0|In late 1980 it was clear that the direction KISS had been following for the prior two albums (DYNASTY and UNMASKED) was eroding the KISS fan base.  A change in musical direction was needed, so the band enlisted the producer  who helped them change direction so successfully on DESTROYER in Bob Ezrin.  Initially the thought was a return to classic KISS style hard rock, but  Ezrin and Gene Simmons agreed that a concept album would be KISS'  salvation.  How wrong they were.  &quot;(music from) The Elder&quot; nearly  killed the band's career.  It was not due to the album's merit musically,  however, that the album flopped.  It was just not the kind of album that  many KISS fans would accept.  Pink Floyd fans would not take a KISS album  seriously, REGARDLESS of how good it was musically, so with no new fans  gained, and many old fans lost, it became a no-win situation for KISS.  Songs such as &quot;The Oath&quot; (the heaviest KISS track up to that  point, and the first to feature double-bass drumming from Eric Carr),  &quot;Dark Light&quot; (a classic Ace Frehley track with arguably his best  solo ever), &quot;A World Without Heroes&quot; (a mellow ballad that should  have been a smash hit), and &quot;I&quot; (a great classic-KISS style  rocker) are all excellent.  Strong, but not outstanding songs such as  &quot;Just A Boy,&quot; &quot;Only You,&quot; and &quot;Under The  Rose&quot; (that one is VERY Pink Floydish) help fill out the album, but  cannot make up for the embarrasing &quot;Oddysey,&quot; a track that they  didn't even write!  Very uneven, with a rather muddy sound, &quot;The  Elder&quot; alienated most of the remaining die-hard KISS fans.  But in one  sense it did revitalize their career. It got them focused on hard rock  again for CREATURES OF THE NIGHT, which would follow only 11 months later.
6303913881|1.0|This movie is not pulp, camp or even a wildly over-the-top mess - it is simply a revolting and mean-spirited porn film with the backing of a few Hollywood heavyweights.   The grotesque violence and human wasteland  depicted here never begin to be titillating; instead, they turn your  stomach.  This might be the most repugnant movie ever made because it  portends to carry a message, and fakes redemption. Don't be fooled.  This  movie, which doesn't only hate women and brutalize virtually anything  sexual, is like angry bile, and if you get too close you will get sick.
B000001FQQ|3.0|Hot In The Shade marks the end of an era for KISS.  It was the last album featuring the late, great, Eric Carr on drums, and it was the last album where &#34;pop&#34; Metal tunes were in the majority.  H.I.T.S. boasts some  of KISS' best material in songs such as &#34;Rise To It&#34; (a classic  KISS stomper very similar to their 70's material), &#34;Betrayed&#34;  (the son of &#34;Deuce&#34;), &#34;Hide Your Heart&#34; (written for  Crazy Nights, and would have been a standout track on that album), the top  10 hit &#34;Forever&#34; (one of the best &#34;power ballads&#34;  ever), and &#34;Silver Spoon&#34; (Paul's nod to latter-day Aerosmith).<br /><br />You will also find plenty of solid, but unspectacular, tracks on H.I.T.S. such as &#34;Prisoner Of  Love,&#34; &#34;Somewhere Between Heaven And Hell,&#34; and &#34;Little  Caesar&#34; (Eric Carr's vocal debut on one of his own songs) fill out the  album.  Then you get the forgettable, generic tracks that have nothing special to offer like, &#34;You Love Me To Hate You,&#34; (a re-write of Alice Cooper's, &#34;Poison&#34;) and, &#34;King Of Hearts.&#34;<br /><br />There are also a couple of tracks that should have been left off of  the album simply because they were nowhere near the caliber that warrants  inclusion on a KISS album.  Those songs include &#34;Read My Body&#34; (a  poor attempt at cloning Def Leppard's &#34;Pour Some Sugar On Me,&#34;  with a rather stiff rap verse from Paul - an embarrassingly bad song), and &#34;Cadillac Dreams&#34;  (a rather un-KISS-like shuffle).  On the other hand, Gene's &#34;The Street Giveth And The  Street Taketh Away&#34; is another standout track (giving just a little  tip of the hat to Guns N Roses), as is &#34;Boomerang,&#34; another fast and furious tune driven hard by Eric (although many fans strongly dislike it).  All in all a truly mixed bag.
0783241569|5.0|Notting Hill has charm to spare.  Showcasing in a wonderfully perfect role the luminous Julia Roberts, as a gigantic movie star no less, the movie tells a modern-day fairy tale with wit, geniune emotion and big laughs.   Set in a picturesque British village, and featuring a supporting cast of  characters you will want to be your friends, Notting Hill feeds your  fantasies from its first moments.  Hugh Grant, of the fluttering eyelids  and stammering, nervous chatter, is a perfect foil for Julia's star.   Lovely attention to detail, as in a wondrous sequence marking the change of  seasons on the village's streets, add a colorful resonance to this movie,  which is also underscored by a well-chosen series of pop songs.  By the  time the fairy tale reaches its finale, you will feel satisfied, a smile on  your face from ear to ear.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is extremely original and creative.  With 9 band members, each labeled with a single digit number (0-8), they convery a full and driving sound.  There are 3 people alone to do percussion, a dj, a sampler, and the  usual guitarist, bassist, and vocals.  A hard beat with extra-heavy  guitars, Slipknot is one of the best hardcore bands out there.  From  rage-filled songs like Wait &amp; Bleed, to creepy trance-ish songs like  Prosthetics, Slipknot will keep your interest to say the least.
0395389496|5.0|Van Allsburg, Chris.  The Polar Express.  Boston: Houghton Miffin Company,  1985<br />Hollindale, Peter. \\"Why the Wolves are Running\\". The Lion and the  Unicorn 23(1999):97-115<br /> Late one night on Christmas Eve, a young boy  sees a train outside of his window.  He decides to board the train, which  is full of children.  His journey takes him through thick woods and up a  steep mountain.  The Polar Express is bound for the North Pole for many  adventures and a few surprises.  When the boy gets there, Santa gives him  the option to pick any toy from his bag but actually picks the strangest  gift.  The Polar Express is filled with unbelievable surprises and lets the  reader use their imagination.  Although there is a dreamlike mood  throughout the story, there is also a sense of realism.  Van Allsburg's use  of magnificent illustrations and colors gives a feeling of actually being  in the story.  The ambiguity between fantasy and realism can be seen  through Van Allsburg's illustrations.  Even though the train looks too  real, the reader knows it would not drive down the middle of the road at  midnight, carrying just children.  Van Allsburg's The Polar Express invite  children to get lost in the story.  Although The Polar Express is  supposed to be a happy story for children, a wolf is shown on the title  page.  In Peter Hollindale's article \\"Why the Wolves are Running\\", he says  \\"we frighten our children with wolves\\" as in \\"Little Red Riding Hood...\\"  and \\"The<br />Three Little Pigs\\" (98)  He goes on to say that \\"not only in  childhood story but in everyday English idiom we teach children to fear and  demonize the wolf.\\" (98)  If this is so, why would Van Allsburg choose to  have this \\"scary creature\\" on the title page of a children's book?  Van  Allsburg could have wanted to portray wolves as innocent creatures that  have just been manipulated by society.  He could have also been trying to  change the negative image of the wolf in fiction, again bringing a sense of  realism to this children's story.  In reality, not many people, including  children, have been hurt by wolves.  Yet we are still told to be afraid of  the wolf, especially in fiction.  Despite this concern, I really  enjoyed reading The Polar Express.  I look forward to reading  more of Van  Allsburg's children's stories to see if there is another animal or belief  that he may try to change people's perspectives on.  Overall, I feel that  this is a wonderful illustration and an effective children's book.of  realism to this children's story.  In reality, not many people, including  children, have been hurt by wolves.  Yet we are still told to be afraid of  the wolf, especially in fiction.  Despite this concern, I really  enjoyed reading The Polar Express.  I look forward to reading  more of Van  Allsburg's children's stories to see if there is another animal or belief  that he may try to change people's perspectives on.  Overall, I feel that  this is a wonderful illustration and an effective children's book.
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage Against the Machine is entirely original.  Zach de le Rocha brings a hip hop feel to the music, Tom Morello rules in creative guitar techniques, Tim C. keeps a strong and sometimes jazzy bass line going, and Brad Wilks  backs it all up with his excellent beat.  RATM's music style portrays the  first word in it's name, RAGE.  The lyrics also put in the &quot;against  the machine.&quot;  Excellent music, excellent message.
630575067X|5.0|Matrix is not even a close second to this movie!  Yes, the movie was geared towards children but that was good.  The story was fast and fun and the plot was rich enough to enjoy as an adult and simple enough to enjoy as  a child.  The star wars trilogy was a hard act to follow and Lucas  succeeded in in almost every way.  The picture quality of the VHS version  was blurry and drab but I suspect this is for reasons of the eventual  release of a THX &quot; SPECIAL EDITION &quot;version in the future.   That's it sell them the video two or three times not just once.  I still  think it's worth it even if the picture could be better.
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down brings a whole new sound to the hardcore scene.  Unique and extremely interesting vocals and guitars (from unique people) really give the band it's edge.  System of a Down isn't just about music too, they  have a message, and it isn't as crazy as their music.  SOAD is also great  live.  I would reccomend this CD to anybody.
B00000IQBM|4.0|Another excellent classical horror film here by Stanley Kubrick. If you think the book is good then watch the film. Set at an isolated hotel set off the family where some years ago a previous caretaker slaughtered his  family as he went crazy. The family is still at the hotel as they are  ghosts. Through the film the ghosts appear to try and make Jack Nicholson  slaughter his family too. Luckily the child has a physic force called the  shining which enables him to contact others with this power through his  mind, he calls the chef of the hotel but he soon is hacked down by  nicholson, in the end they get away into the bush maze where Nicholson gets  lost and freeezes. It is a very spooky and tense film which is superb in  its television form and people worldwide know the famous saying from the  film `HERES JOHNNY`
B0000062GE|4.0|Stabbing Westward is one helluva sleeper-hit band.  Creepy, haunting, and so Depeche-Mode.  Stabbing Westward will not let you down.  This CD has something for everyone's dark and lonely side.
0767819179|1.0|This all-stops-out ego trip by the world's foremost egocentric monstrosity hits all kinds of new highs for BIZARRE.  Two faces?  ..both ugly.  &amp; there's even a reference to Lauren Bacall being beautiful!  One can only guess this mess was scripted by Little Stevie and  Feliciano!   When Streisand was playing Fanny and Daisy and Dolly and Yentl  - the ugly misfit - which is what she is - it had some substance &amp; she  must be coasting on that momentum even yet.  As the psychiatrist or  professor - it &quot;does not compute.&quot;  We're reminded again that  &quot;ugly is to the bone.&quot;
B00002MZ2C|5.0|If you like any other Rage albums, you'll love this one.  This album really captures their essence.  It has variety, from more rock-like songs as Sleep Now In The Fire, to more hip hop style songs like Guerilla Radio.   This is album can stand toe-to-toe with their self-titled album, no doubts  about it.
0312857063|5.0|i have just emerged from 2 solid days and nights of reading S.O.T i have in the past 2 days had 3 hours sleep i just could not put it down it is toones better than W.F.R even though that was amazing it made me laugh shout and screamand also cry i was crying my heart out in the end i recomed  this to everyone but read W.F.R first. This book has changed the way i see  the world PLEASE READ IT you wont regret it!
0783239408|5.0|This movie can be easily noted as one of the best of all time.Full of Twisting emotions such as sadness,happiness,anger and even fear. The fear spawned by the realistic oddities of the domestic household.This movie does  not make you guess on whats going to happen because you don't care it's  relaxing to a certain extent. Kevin Spacey played a very real and moving  Father and husband. Annette Bening played a strong role as a Mother and  wife .I said this was a movie earlier I lied THIS IS A FILM!
0790729733|5.0|I didnt see this movie when it was first released, I watched it recently on DVD and was quite shocked. The movie is about the assasination of the American president JFK. One detective will not rest until the truth and the  major conspiracy behind the death of JFK is revealed. The movie is over 3  hours long since the 17 mins that were cut out of the theatrical release  are restored. The movie graphically shows JFK's head being blown off (I  mean the real thing) and there are also graphic shots of the autopsy table.  Despite all that the movie will immerse you from beginning to end. Oliver  Stone has done one hell of a job of delivering the movie to the audience. A  must see for Oliver Stone fans.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is a monster record. It's as tough as nails but it's lightly disguised as a bag of cotton.As the Curtains open you find that the frail singer is no longer a child with a promise that someone couldn't keep.No  longer does she feel agonized by rape and no longer is she taking any more  of this bullshit. She comes on singing like she half doesnt care,&quot;All  my life is on me now,hail the pages turning,and the future's on the  bound...Hell don't know my fury.&quot; She is here to say she is tired of  the lines the lies and all of the gifts,she has a gift,she knows it and  doesn't want our compliments. I love the album because of the fierce  lyrics,the careless but poignant vocals and the sweet laced songs,it  contradicts it manipulates and it just flat out makes you think. You don't  know whether to slap her,run from her,or just hurt her.And she knows all  the moves,hence the title...she's going in for the kill and she's taking no  prisoners,she'd prefer the cage.But by the end of the race,you know that  she's human,she's a girl,she's been scared and hurt and pissed too  long.&quot;I KNOW&quot;The song is one of the best songs ever written by a  female artist.She deserves the hugest boquet of roses for the song,it can  make you pull away the gun...it can make you think about all you are and  did in a relationship.Whether or not Apple wanted the record to be  displayed as a romance gone wrong or what..but that's how it comes  across.And I dont think there has been female work this good on  relationships since Liz Phair's Exile In Guyville and Whipsmart and Tori  Amos's &quot;Putting the Damage On&quot;It's definetely one of the best  albums that Fiona will make...Im sure. So buy it,love it,throw it,and pick  it back up because you know she warned you by the 90 word poem title and  the first lines...
B000009ED0|3.0|I used to think Kid Rock was a chump, but I took a gamble and bought his CD, and was pleased.  Kid Rock knows what is going on.  I was proved wrong by him, and enjoy listening to his CD.  I am not a rap fan at ALL, but  enjoyed what he did with this CD, and for the people out there who call  this trash, well lets just say, those with short attention spans, and a  poor taste in music, are in my prayers.  So if you aren't close minded, do  yourself a favor, and take a risk.  Buy it, listen to it, and enjoy.  It is  a upbeat album that will put you in a good mood, it won't make you feel as  though you want to slit your wrists or anything.  I love all music, Sublime  is among my favorite, Clapton, Zeppelin, Stones, STP, Van Halen so on and  so on.  Good job Kid, job well done
0783233477|1.0|Quite THE most tedious (what seemed like) 6 hours of my life. WHY was Pitt in this film when he can't act. The leading Lady was on the verge of tears right the way through the film. Oh, I hated everyone in it apart from the  Older Sister. Boring, long, far too overly emotional. Yuk I hate it, and I  regret wasting my time watching it.
0964385619|4.0|well first of all i am Korean so i read this in Korean version. uhm... i think this is a good book about money things and investment.  But it is like too broad. i am 19 years old boy now. Before i read this i had no idea  about investment and other things.  what i am saying is that next time the  author write this kind of refefence book think about others who are not  exposed social communite.      This was really good time while i was  reading.  TO tell the truth i haven't finished yet. ^^
B00004SVIK|5.0|This captures the greatness and seriousness of the original recording while adding some of Roger's emotional trips throughout the cd, which I really like.
0380973464|4.0|This will never be a literary classic, but it's a fantastic story. The complex interweaving of plots is wonderful, the myriad tangents are an entertaining distraction. Modern readers (especially sci-fi readers) are used to trim, linear novels, so this is an archaic and uncomfortable format  for some of the less flexible. <br />I'd give it a five if the characters had  depth or the novel as a whole had been profound. Frankly, I think  Stephenson's geekiness is pretty glaring in these respects. The female  characters are all utterly inscrutable and their desires/behavior  apparently random (do women really seem that way to you, man?). The men,  while better developed, still tend to me more charactures than characters.  <br />Still, the utterly brilliant language use and the multi-layered,  overlapping stories give this novel high entertainment value. It'll make  you laugh out loud with delight. In my opinion, one of the best novels of  1999.
B00004S6GL|3.0|While one can only respect the desire of an artist to continue to develop his or her work in an effort not to repeat the successes of the past, there too is the frustration that listeners to a particular musician's work can  feel over the directions in which an artist one has gotten to know decides  to move. So it is that upon listening to Elliott Smith's latest release,  Figure 8, that the familiar mix of revelation and frustration presents  itself via the scrim that Elliott's new Dreamworks enabled lavish  production values places between musician and listenter. While Smith  continues to amaze with his original melodies and lyrics, the album  featuring some of his most piercing writing on relationships to date, I  long for the understated (read: no frills) production of his first three  releases. While doubtless aceticism is an aesthetic that Smith--a sensible  lover of all things Beatles-- would have tired of after three records, it  just so happens that the stripped down sound of a man, a voice, and a  guitar, is the perfect way to experience his songs, as devotees of his live  shows will certainly attest. Though it is adamantly unfair for me or any  other listener to expect Elliott not to explore all the mutitrack magic  Dreamworks Dollars can buy, it is my sincere opinion that as adept as  Elliott is with all things musical, and although the seeds of great epic  production are present in both XO and Figure 8, all too often, his great  songs are being subsumed within the lush, cloying sweetness of  overproduction. A case study in such excess is the metamorphosis of the  B-side from the &quot;Happiness&quot; single, &quot;Son of Sam&quot;, from  the crisp melodic delivery on the single to the borderline Jeff Lynnization  it receives as the lead off track on Figure 8, sounding terribly close to  the piano intro on the &quot;Real Love&quot; afterbirth. I like the  piano...but after that, the song's delicate strengths are bludgeoned under  multitrack excess. So tooso many of the songs on Figure Eight, that, heard  in concert in NYC earlier in the year, were heartbreaking for the proximity  of the emotions that voice/guitar deliver. As Nigel Godrich certainly has  proven to me with his work on Radiohead, Beck, and Pavement albums, one can  have heavy production without the heavyhandedness that too often prevails  here. And it's a shame, really. The songs on Figure 8 are all 5-stars, but  the production really drags my pleasure down. That said, of course, yes,  you should buy this record, and listen to it carefully, your ears as close  to the speakers as mom or your doctor will allow. You will grow to love it,  but I wish old ES would start releasing his records in double CD format:  CD1 featuring a gazillion overdubs, CD2 featuring the demos. One can dream,  and search the Internet for those stripped down MP3's....
B000001E29|5.0|For those who do not understand The Black Rider, or for those who feel a bit wary because of some of the other reviews posted here, I wanted to write that like most of the truly valuable works of art and things in life  (Tolstoy, love, Beethoven's late piano sonatas, Midnight Cowboy, the Bible,  Hendrix's Machine Gun live at the Filmore, a full moon over the ocean, a  cold Guinness by a roaring coal fire on a rainy day in a small pub in  Galway, etc...) this album demonstrates that you must give alot in order to  get alot.  And I promise that what you give to The Black Rider will be  returned ten-fold.   Part of what makes Tom Waits' music so great is that  it encompasses the wide range of human emotions; from depression and  loneliness, to Dionysic reveling, to true love and devotion, and it does  this all in a manner that may be either described as so amazingly honest  that it must be a show, or perhaps, such an incredible show that it must  come from somewhere intensly honest. In reality it is often some  combination of the above.   The Black Rider is a microcosm of this as it  contains examples of everything that Makes Tom Waits' music so unique and  powerful.  Songs like November, Briar and Rose, and Lucky Day are as  beautiful and sad as they come.  Songs like Russian Dance and Black Box  Theme demand that you drop what you're doing, pick up a hatchet and dance  along.  Songs like I'll Shoot the Moon are among Tom's most  tongue-in-cheek. There are some of Toms most wierd sounding songs and there  are some simply great folky songs.  And all this exists on an album that  explodes with a gypsy/carnival sound amidst a great folk tale of love and  the devil.      There is not a track on the Black Rider that can not be  labeled amazing for one reason or another and if you give it a chance, (and  it may take several listens in a variety of situations, dont give up!) you  will be greatly rewarded.
6305171769|4.0|One can get tired of the &quot;slash-em-up&quot; style.  Needed more element of surprise and suspense instead of straight-forward murder.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This is among the best action movies ever made. It has a great pace, once the action starts it never stops it only gets better. Sigourney Weiver delivers a great performance as Ripley that ranks among the best conceived  and most believable character in any sci/fi movie. Michael Biehn, Bill  Paxton and Lance Henriksen are also great. Hardcore heavy-duty Action, but  will also engross fans of sci/fi and suspense. Director's Cut runs 154 min  and further expands some plot elements. Probably James Cameron's best  movie. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 9!
B00003CWRX|5.0|The oscars are a sham.  The pictures with the most advertising in their campaigns won the awards.  Without a doubt the Best Picture of the year was &quot;The Insider.&quot;  Russell Crowe's performance is of a diferent,  higher order of magnitude than Spacey's.  Pacino is so into his role and so  believable that there's a stillness.  Mostly, the picture does the most  dificult of things, it makes as intense the strife and conflict and tension  as it must have been to live through it if you were these people. The  direction and visuals are brilliant and made me feel I was in a dream, as  if I was the character I was watching.  The time raced by.  The most  important quality of this masterpiece is that it stays in your memory.  I  found myself thinking about for days afterward.  This may be because the  writers do not underestimate their audience.  They're not condescending. It  felt like I was intensely living another's life. It's probably easier to  make a drama out of physical action.  To make a thriller as exciting as  this out of real situations must be really hard.
B000007OY0|5.0|This beautiful period prison drama features expert performances by a talented cast, mainly Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins. It is the story of hope and friendship in extreme circumstances, a movie about the undominable  human spirit. Slow moving, which accentuates the passing of decades in the  prison. Great direction by Frank Darabont and attention to detail.  Extremely satisfying ending, both dramatically and story-wise. One of the  best films of the decade. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 9!
630575067X|5.0|The Phantom Menice is a wonderful movie. Some people didn't like it because there wasn't at much action or space battles. However, it was meant to develop characters and introduce us to the world that we were thrown  into in Star Wars. The story (in the original Star Wars) was wonderful but  we never knew where the characters came from or why they were in the  positions they were in. This is where Phantom Menace comes in. The Phantom  Menace starts at the beginning and shows the characters that started the  whole thing. In addition it answered some questions that Star Wars fans had  for a long time, as well as created new questions that will be answered in  the next two movies.<br />When you take the movie for what it is, the  beginning of a long story, it is FANTASTIC! I just wich it was available on  DVD!
B000000OUJ|5.0|A question sure to cause an argument amongst friends is, What is the best wu album ? Some one will quickly say Cuban Linx or Return to the 36, Tical or the original 36 Chambers, but recently more and more people have started  to say Liquid Swords. I heard people singing its praises from day one, not  only claiming it was the best wu album but one of the best ever. Liquid  swords didnt have a huge impact when it was released because people were  still bumping Ol Dirty and Raekwon who's albums came out earlier in the  year. As time has passed those people are starting to be convinced that  this album is wu at thier best. This album stands out because of dark,  grimy production by the RZA, even darker than Tical. Genuis is brillant on  the mic using metaphors and a complex delievery thats still amazing 5 years  later. This was the last of the faultless albums from wu-tang, next would  be Ironman (good but not faultless) then Forever (disapionting) Tical 2000  (rubish)...etc and all of a sudden wu had fallen off. At a time when RZA  did all the production and wu's lyrics were perfect, this stands out as  wu's best album and one of hip hops finest. There isnt a single weak piont  on this, just pure genuis.
B00004SVID|5.0|What a great album!  For a Floyd fan, this is an essential record. For any other music fan, it's also an excelent buy. The limited edition is highly recommended. It provides interviews of the band and other members of  the show, information about the concert (even blueprints of the stage), and  of course, incredible pictures of one of the greatest shows ever  made.<br />The performance of the band is superb, even with the problems  arised during the tour (Wright was thrown out of the band by Waters, for  example).<br />You must remember though that this concert was recorded on some  tapes that has been stored for 20 years and not in the best conditions.  There are a few songs that have some details in the sound. But James  Guthrie and his team did an excelent job in mantaining the quality as high  as possible.<br />Don't think it twice, go and buy it right now, you won't be  disappointed.
B00004SVID|5.0|I bought it today, so, yes I am a die hard fan of PF.  And I love their live rendition, always, to their studio recording.  For people who have heard to PULSE and DELICATE SOUND OF THUNDER, this is the next level.  For  those who have not, this can be a whole new dimension which they will enjoy  immensely.
B00004SVID|4.0|I have not heard anything from this era of Floyd since the 80's with various bootleg recordings.  The sound quality is superb considering that they are originally analog recordings of 20 years of age.  The performance  is excellent with guitarist David Glimour leading the charge (Roger does  most of vocals and seldom plays bass.)  As with the studio recording, when  its good, its incredible (confortably numb, Another Brick in the Wall, Hey  You, Run Like Hell etc,) and when its bad, its mind numbing.  It's  certainly not the caliber of Dark Side, Wish You Were Here, Meddle and  Animals but its certainly better than the studio version. What people tend  to forget, is that pink Floyd was a great live band from the very begining  and that Roger got burned out from touring (just read the liner notes of  the limited edition) and infect they became a studio band.  It is a  definite must have for anyone who has the studio album.
6305426694|4.0|This is a good movie for mundane rainy days, times when you want to let your brain idle, and if you like lawyers.  well, i guess amazon won't be selling any more copies of this one.  Seriously, for someone like myself  who doesn't like movies, this one really held my attention.  I have  recommended it to several people and finally decided to buy my own copy.
B00004SVID|5.0|Very good concert recording! The sonic effects are excellent. Very faithful to the original release. Roll a few J's and expand your mind to this!
B000020617|5.0|This is a great cd and also my favorite.  I love learn to fly, breakout, mia, generator, and gimme stitches.  Too bad no one can stop to listen to music by great bands like the foo fighters.  The Foo Fighters are very  under appreciated.  Today all people listen to is communist music like  nsync, bsb, and britey spears.  I call them communists because they hog the  charts and practically run mtv.  What is the world comming to  when anyone  with good looks can lip sync and make millions.  Well anyway this a great  cd so buy it.  It is an ecd so play it on your computer and watch the learn  to fly video look at fotos and have fun.
0452277752|3.0|These four early novels by Stephen King, for the most are quite good.  For me the, the book's high point is the second story featured, The Long Walk.  A futuristic story about a game where its contestants walk, and walk, until there is only one survivor.  The concept sounds simple, but the character  development here is what makes this story a great one.  The first selection  Rage is also quite good, about a high school student taking his class  hostage.  Real good character development here as well, particular with the  main character.  The final two selections failed to hold my interest as  much, Roadwork and The Running Man.  Many people will probably be familiar  with the latter's motion picture version.  But overall, I would recommend  this book.  I think most of King's best writing is his earlier work.  This  book shows King's story telling talent, before he became a household name.
B00004SVID|5.0|Floyd is one of the hardest bands to find high quality live shows for, so it was with great anticipation that I bought this.  I was not dissapointed, this is the complete concert (not one show - darn - but edited perfectly).    It blows away the studio version.  If you already have The Wall and don't  like live music, then this  might not be for you, but if you like live  Floyd, you must get this.  Now if they would only realease full concerts  from the early '75 tour... then the '72 early DSOTM stuff... then maybe '77  Animals tour...  etc.... (but until then, that's what boots are for)
6305718903|4.0|If you disliked this movie for lack of story, plot, or overuse of special FX, than that's fine.  But if you disliked this movie because it was &quot;anti-Catholic propaganda&quot;, then get over yourselves.  It was a  movie that I enjoyed, and felt had a good message.  There are those out  there that would hide any truth that would destroy the Church, especially  one as influential as the Catholic Church.  Do I feel all priests, or all  religious people, are this demented?  Of course not.  But there are those  that are.  There are points where the movie starts to drag, but all in all  I thought it was a good movie, not an &quot;abomination&quot; or  &quot;product of Satan&quot;.
B00004SVID|3.0|Taking the visual element out of the live experience of The Wall seems pointless to me. Granted, this was Pink Floyd at the top of their game and this CD does sound fantastic but so does the remastered studio version. The  live spectacle of The Wall would have better been served by a DVD release  of The Wall concerts. Instead, what we get is sound without fury and in  this case, thats a big &quot;so what?&quot;
0201633612|5.0|Will change the way you think about OO design.  A lifesaver for anyone designing class libraries. This book describes how objects interact with each other and how these patterns of interaction occure time and again in  software projects. Next time you see &quot;Abstract Factory&quot; in the  Java docs you'll know what it means. One problem is that all examples in  the book are in C++.  Some Java examples would have been nice. But it's the  concepts and not the code that counts.
B00004SVID|3.0|LIke most live albums, they usually serve as a souvenier for those who were there.  Othertimes, it's like a friend showing you family photos.  They look interesting, but you can't quite see what the point was, leaving  you feeling distant.  Such is the case here.  Yes, all the songs are here,  it's well recorded, and it's the only official live recording of the band  with Waters and Gilmore.  Waters sounds fine, and Gilmore has a nice solo  during Comfortably Numb.  But it doesn't bowl you over the way the studio  album does with all its masterful sound effects and segues from one track  to the next.  Even The Wall: Live In Berlin has more surprises and  character than this recording.  The book in the limited edition is well  done and is worth getting just to see how they got this off the ground.   But it's nothing special.
0792840461|4.0|I was interested in seeing this film after I saw the remake, especially when I heard so many people say the original was so much better. After having seen both, I'd call it a toss up (both were good!).<br />Actually, the  remake was only loosely based on the original. The original is about a rich  guy who knocks off a bank, and the remake about a rich guy who steals  art.<br />This film is well crafted and though the story is far fetched (as in  the remake) it's entertaining. Norman Jewison does a terrific job of  directing. His visual interpretations, camera angles and dramatic effects  are timeless. He overuses the split screen concept a bit, but we need to  remember that in 1968 this was fairly new technology and he was probably  enamoured with the novelty of it. Think of how much `morphing' was being  used when it was first developed.<br />Probably the best scene involved the  chess match between Thomas (Steve McQueen) and Vicki (Faye Dunaway). It was  far more erotic than all the scenes where Rene Russo was running around  naked in the remake.<br />The acting was excellent, with Dunaway taking top  honors as the stop-at-nothing insurance investigator who literally gets her  man. Steve McQueen played the rich macho ego maniac to perfection. His only  minus was his phony victory laugh, which was overacted and overused. Paul  Burke stayed appropriately but effectively on the sidelines as the police  detective.<br />In comparing the two films, I'd have to say it's about even.  The remake had a more inventive and interesting story, replacing the bank  robbery with an art heist, but it was also more ridiculous in the final  disposition of the stolen painting. The original had better direction and  use of the camera, while the remake was much better in use of costumes,  props and sets in recreating the opulent lifestyle. Clearly the remake  benefited from 30 years of technological improvement in sound and film  quality.<br />The remake was more self indulgent, especially in the sexual  area. The McQueen interpretation of Crown was more realistic than Brosnan's  conflicted and emotional distraught version. Each reflected their  respective times, but McQueen's character was a better representation of  the timeless arrogance of the ultra rich. I have to give Rene Russo a  slight edge as the investigator. She gave the character more complexity and  range. Paul Burke was far superior to Denis Leary as the cop.<br />The ending  of the original was definitely superior, though each ending was really true  to the characters' personalities as portrayed.<br />I gave this film an 8/10.  If you like classic films, and you enjoyed the remake, you will probably  enjoy this one as well.
0684833395|5.0|I don't know what took me so long to read this. It's been on my must-read  list for years now. It's a comic, tragic, disturbing,  stream-of-consciousness comment not only on military life, but on humanity.  There's a cast of hundreds, so sometimes it's hard to remember who's who,  but it all makes sense by the end of the book. This one's a keeper - I'll  read it again before long.
B00004SVID|5.0|This album is a must have for all pink floyd fans.  I rushed out and bought this cd the day it came out and it might be the greatest cd i own.  from the first track you can feel the power coming from the music as you  hear the songs played by the band in the prime of their carrear.  The  quality is amazing and the previosly unreleased tracks are superb.  for all  of you floyd fans like me who are to young to have gone to any of the wall  shows or for those of you who wanted to go but never got the chance this  album is for you! <br />ps - sorry about the spelling and punctuation heehee
0399208534|5.0|My son has &quot;latched&quot; onto this book, and won't let go!  He's two, but he reads it to me when he gets the chance, with extreme emphasis on the BUT HE WAS STILL HUNGRY, and the BIG FAT CATERPILLAR parts.  He is  able to name off the Saturday foods now, and I am very proud of him.  If I  ever get the chance to thank Eric Carle, I will, for encouraging children's  love to read!  Plan to get a small, traveling version soon (mine is the  8x13) to read in the car. [...]
0060931671|4.0|Pynchon seems to rub many readers here the wrong way, but I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  'Lot 49' makes us reconsider what a novel is capable of - it helps push some of the limits of a genre that has become banal so often nowadays.<br />Pynchon's book overflows with a mixture of  references to science and pop culture, and manages to weave them into all a  wonderful fabric that wraps around Oedipa's search for the truth and order  in her world.  Conspiracy and intimation are central threads in the fabric,  and the connection between ideas as disparate as Maxwell's Demon and a gay  bar in California lead us to wonder what all the bits and pieces of our  lives might add up to (if anything).<br />If you're interested in a standard  novel that does not ask you to consider anything more than a few plot  turns, then perhaps 'Lot 49' would not be the best book for you.  But if  you'd like to be taken on a ride to places that other books might not have  taken you before, by all means pick up Pynchon's witty and intelligent take  on 20th century America - and hold on tight...
0792107683|5.0|Often mentioned as one of the greatest westerns ever, it is easy to see why. This film stands as a masterpiece of the art, even more so since it was filmed so long ago. It starts with a great story, the story of Shane  (Alan Ladd), a quiet gunslinger who is trying to escape his past and  befriends a pioneer family that has settled out west. He attempts to settle  down and become a hired hand to Joe Starrett (Van Heflin) and his wife  Marian (Jean Arthur), but the ranchers who need to drive cattle through the  homesteaders' property are attempting to drive them out. Shane tries to  stay out of the disputes, but keeps being drawn in and is finally compelled  to put his six shooter back on when the ranchers hire Jack Wilson (Jack  Palance) a noted gunfighter to intimidate the farmers.<br />This story is  outstanding in so many ways. It is a classic battle of good and evil. It  has its share of fist fights and shoot outs, but this film is more about  principles than action. It exemplifies principles and values that  unfortunately have become outdated in today's society such as, character,  integrity, loyalty, pride in accomplishment, persistence and the  willingness to fight for what is right. It is also an excellent human  interest story and succeeds in getting the viewer to love the homesteaders  and hate the ranchers.<br />George Stevens directed this film late in a  notable career and does a splendid job. The locations were breathtaking,  shot with majestic mountains in the background of almost every scene. The  cinematography was stunning, and the color rich despite the fact that it  was filmed almost 50 years ago.<br />The acting was superlative. Van Heflin  wins us over almost immediately with his high minded principles and  unshakeable character. He actually has far more lines than Ladd, who was  more of an icon of strength than a vocal character. Jack Palance is the  archetypal western villain and went on in his career to become the most  prominent and enduringvillain in movie history. His sneering arrogance and  haughty gait made him the villain we loved to hate for decades.<br />Elisha  Cook, as Stonewall Torrey, had a prolific career as a supporting actor,  with over 150 appearances in film an TV that spanned almost 60 years. This  is one of his best an most memorable roles as a fearless, proud and  petulant former confederate that gets goaded into a gunfight with Jack  Palance. <br />Brandon DeWilde as young Joey, gave a compelling performance.  One of the best scenes in the movie was when he asked Shane to shoot at a  small rock and Shane shot it 5 or 6 times and hit it every time. The wide  eyed look of surprise was terrific. Though he went on to do about a dozen  mostly minor films, he was never able to capitalize on his success in this  role.<br />Finally, there is Alan Ladd. I've often heard criticisms of his  performance of being too low key. I could not disagree more. His  understated performance made him loom large as an imposing figure in the  film. It created an almost godlike presence. This strong silent portrayal  is very attractive adding humility to his many positive qualities. This  unassuming style is also what made Gary Cooper so popular.<br />This film is  on my top fifty list of all time. It is a magnum opus that the film  industry can be proud of. It combines great filmmaking, direction and  acting with a memorable and morally instructive story. This should be  required viewing for any serious film buff. A perfect 10.
B00001U0E1|5.0|Amazing film -- not too many can pull off the neat trick of working on several levels at once.  The more you know about Shakespeare, the more of the jokes you will get -- but no knowledge of the Bard is needed to enjoy  this intelligent, original take on a timeworn genre.   <br /> Dazzling  costumes and art direction, an authentic period feel -- yet the filmmakers  manage to make it all seem very contemporary and relevant to today's  audiences.  As I said, a very neat and rare trick to pull off correctly,  and the team for this film went far beyond the merely correct. <br /> Simply  put, a classic that will only improve with age.  Outstanding score, too --  check it out in the Soundtracks section.
B00000J2SO|4.0|Much as I would like to, I just can't give 5 stars to any of Rainbow's albums.  Blackmore never quite managed to release a complete masterpiece under the Rainbow moniker, although I would say &quot;Rising&quot;,  &quot;Long Live Rock'n'Roll&quot; and this one are close.<br />The bulk of the  material is written by Blackmore and the newly arrived Roger Glover, and  its mostly first-rate.  &quot;All Night Long&quot;, &quot;Eyes Of The  World&quot;, and &quot;Lost In Hollywood&quot; are absolute classics.  The  cover of Russ Ballard's &quot;Since You Been Gone&quot; is also great.   Only &quot;No Time To Lose&quot; and &quot;Danger Zone&quot; seem a bit  rote, but even they have the customary guitar pyrotechnics.<br />Graham Bonnet  has a great voice, stylistically somewhere between Dio and Turner, just as  the material on the entire album sits stylistically between the gothic  medievalism of the Dio era and the pop-metal of the Turner era (although  the scales are definitely tilted towards pop).  Unfortunately, this  Blackmore/Bonnet teaming was a one-off, followed up by the lackluster  &quot;Difficult To Cure&quot; with new lead singer Joe Lynn Turner.<br />(By  the way, if you like this record you should really hear Bonnet's work with  Alcatrazz, too.)
0385311400|4.0|This book is a good book it is not for children though. It has a plot and doesn't really slow down which is a good thing. I enjoyed it. So i would tell people to read it.
630575067X|5.0|This prequel to the Star Wars series is a welcome addition to the hexology. The story is entertaining and fills us in on the early times of characters we know such as Obi-Wan Kanobi and Anakin Skywalker as well as  R2D2 and C3PO. This derivative work is crafted like a jigsaw puzzle where  we already know what the picture looks like in the later episodes, but we  don't have the details on how the pieces all came together.<br />Even if you  are the only cave dweller on the planet who hasn't seen any of the Star  Wars episodes previously, you won't be disappointed by this film. It stands  on its own as a solid sci-fi action adventure entry.<br />Critical to the  success of any Star Wars film are the special effects, and in this regard  16 years of technology has moved the art form to new heights. The animation  of Jar Jar Binks, the droid army and the panoramic city scenes with the  hustle bustle of the futuristic cities was mind boggling. The pod race was  a dizzying rocket ride. In every regard, the effects were an improvement  over previous generations.<br />Liam Neeson was a bit too stoic in the role of  Qui-Gon Jinn, but his performance in the action sequences involving the  light saber were excellent. Neeson has the intensity to play the character  more expressively, so I have to wonder if he was being directed to be more  phlegmatic by George Lucas. Ewan McGregor was excellent as the young  Obi-Wan Kenobi, but I found Natalie Portman to be wimpy and flaccid as  Queen Amidala. Carrie Fisher she ain't. Jake Lloyd was a treat as the young  Anakin. He has a lot of spunk and it will be interesting to see if he can  convert that potential from child phenom to solid actor.<br />I'm sure I could  pick out little things I wish were different, but this is fantasy  entertainment at its finest, so other than a few weak acting performances I  have to give this film a 9/10 just for sheer enjoyment and marvelous  special effects.
6305750750|2.0|This installment of the Star Wars saga was a real disappointment. At its best the movie shows us the complexity and limitations of the Jedi, before their fall.  But the real presence of the Force enters the movie through  the boy Anakin. I think the biggest failing is that there is nothing truly  heroic about the plot. The world is saved through a sequence of bizarrely  random events. It's almost laughable, and certainly not heroic. If the  screenwriter had really wanted to equate the force with random chance (and  a positive outcome), there are better ways of communicating this. <br />Some  other options:<br />1) The battle is over, the Naboo have lost. All friendly  fighters have been destroyed. When out of nowhere, a huge asteroid suddenly  smashes into the control ship, splitting it in half and sending the  wreckage spiraling to its fiery demise on the planet surface. <br />2) It's  &quot;bring your kids to work&quot; day on the control ship on the day  after the battle has ended. Princess Amidala has been captured and is (down  on the surface) preparing to surrender. Meanwhile, up on the bridge of the  control ship, little Johnny is asking, &quot;Hey daddy, what does this red  button do?&quot; Daddy lizard doesn't reply because he is busy watching the  proceedings on his vid screen. So Johnny presses the big red button --  which just turns out to be the control ship's self destruct mode. In the  ensuing confusion the ship's officers are somehow unable to cancel the  self-destruct order (perhaps the override code has been misplaced?) and the  ship is destroyed in a fiery explosion. <br />The way young Anakin saved the  day just makes me sick to my stomach.
B00000IPAX|3.0|Blink 182 has released a really good CD. The music is awesome, and has a lot of good rock in it. &quot;Adam's Song&quot; is the best off the album.  Buy it.
B00003CX59|5.0|Based on Washington Irving's novel, &quot;The Legend of Sleepy Hollow&quot;, it tells a story about a man sent to investigate a series of unusual murders where the victims' heads were never found.<br />I must warn  you that the killings are graphic. You get to see the headless horeman's  sword make contact with the victim's neck, followed by the head falling  off. When the horseman picks up the head with his sword, you see the sword  go through the severed head... In cartoons and other movies, the headless  horseman is often associated with a jack-o-lantern (as if it's his head or  something). In this movie, the horseman never once carried a jack-o-latern.  There is a scene where we see the horseman carry a jack-o-lantern, but it  turns out to be one of the villagers dressing up as the horseman to scare  Johnny Depp... Speaking of Johnny Depp, he is great in this movie. He is  very funny in some of the scenes he's in (e.g. everytime he inspects a dead  body, blood would splatter on his face, etc.).<br />This movie is filled with  great acting, and great special effects! Tim Burton did a good job of  getting Washington Irving's masterpiece into the big screen. This is one of  the great movies where the film makers followed the novel as close as they  can without changing it. In addition to Bram Stoker's Dracula, and Mary  Shelley's Frankenstein (both great movies), this is one I strongly  recommend!
6305657939|4.0|When I saw this film, I hadn't yet seen the original, so this review takes this film on its own merits.  If you are interested in a comparison of the two, read my comment posted at the 1968 version.  <br />This was a slick, big  money production that delivered. John McTiernan's direction was excellent,  the photography rich, the locations magnificent and the opulent lifestyle  nicely portrayed.<br />In the story, a rich gazillionaire art collector, bored  with the ease with which he makes his gazillions, decides to steal a Monet  that he easily could have purchased if it were for sale. Hmmmmm. A little  far fetched, but okay. The heist itself was the best part of the plot. The  rest of the story after his nemesis love interest (Rene Russo) is  introduced is pretty predictable stuff. The writers tried to throw in a  couple of curves but I can't imagine anyone was fooled. Still, it was  entertaining and there is a certain feeling of harmony when everything  turns out about the way the viewer hopes and expects.<br />Pierce Brosnan was  the perfect choice for this role. It was a small transition from James Bond  to Double O Seven Figures. He only had to lose the Walther PPK. He was born  to play the oversexed, smarter than everyone else, high society loner. With  him as the anchor, the film could not go too far wrong.<br />I have mixed  feelings about the selection of sex symbol wanna-be Rene Russo, who was  looking a bit weather beaten in this film. Russo's (and McTiernan's)  decision to bare all was a miscalculation. Rene's sexuality benefits when  something is left to the imagination. On the other hand, she handled the  emotional tight rope of the character superbly; cunning, smart, and torn  between her ambition and her passion. If you could combine Russo's acting  ability with Catherine Zeta-Jones' (who played essentially the same  character in &quot;Entrapment&quot;) looks you'd have the perfect actress  for this role.<br />Denis Leary, as the detective, was the biggest  disappointment. Here is a guy who has perfected the art of being the  insensitive tough guy, trying to play the role as Mr. Sensitive. He was  either miscast or misguided in this endeavor. It fell flat as a  canvas.<br />All in all, a commendable film. I gave it an 8, and though it may  not become a classic, you could do a lot worse.
6305265488|5.0|First to correct, the movie does not take place during the 1600's but the sixteenth century which as we know would make this during the 1500's;therefore it is entirely valid that Leonardo DeVinci is a vital  character in this film. I truly loved the way the director and  screenwriters took a simple imaginative fairytale and turned it to a  believable story, where personal triumph is the greatest gift if one has  the courage and conviction to look within ourselves. Throughout this story  our &quot;Cinderella&quot;, known as Danielle never strays far from who she  is inside. So few people today have the courage to stand up for another  person,or their beliefs,to take risks,and fight for what is right. This  movie was beautifully written, has a remarkable music score, and a cast of  fantastic actors,not too mention being set in a breathtaking area of  France. I can not recommend this film enough. It is one I will treasure for  my lifetime.
0788816454|4.0|I love the movies this guy makes! The entire movie was like Saturday Night Live during the good years. I can't do anything if I don't say 'You can do it!' at least once. I laughed my (edited) off. Buy it.
B000022TT4|4.0|Fan disclaimer:  I'm a die-hard U2 fan, so it's impossible for me to dislike this movie.  In fact, I LOVE it!  As for the DVD release...<br />&lt;Rant mode ON&gt;<br />While I appreciate the folks at  Paramount finally releasing this on DVD, I wish they could have tried a  little harder on the extras.  One theatrical trailer just doesn't cut it  these days -- especially when such a wealth of material is available!   Check out the One Tree Hill outtake on &quot;Best of 1980-90&quot;.  And  Phil Joanou is still breathing, isn't he?  Maybe some director's  commentary?  What about the BOATLOAD of (admittedly) raw footage floating  around out there?  Come on, people, put forth some effort!<br />[Note to Phil  Joanou:  Hey, Phil!  How about a Director's Cut with bonus footage,  commentary, etc.?  Quit hoarding all the good stuff!]<br />&lt;Rant mode  OFF&gt;<br />Anyway, the movie's great, the sound is amazing, and U2 is the  best band there is.  Hey, I said I was a fan -- what did you expect?
B00003OSSL|3.0|This film started out with everything a producer could hope for. It had a great director, a bona fide superstar as leading man, a terrific female lead and an interesting premise for the story. The beginning of the film is  masterful. The spouses of two air crash victims go about the routines of  their lives as the news of the disaster creeps into the fringes of their  consciousness. As most of us do, they regard the news with a disconnected  interest, another news story about strangers dying. Suddenly, it occurs to  Dutch (Harrison Ford) that his wife said she was going to Miami and he  discovers two awful truths, that she was killed and that she was traveling  with another man. He then informs the wife of that man that her husband was  on the plane. The treatment of this entire chain of events was  extraordinarily well done.<br />Unfortunately, after this the story bogs down  and becomes highly contrived. Dutch then becomes obsessed with knowing  everything about the illicit relationship. This is almost believable. But  he also drags Kay, (Kristin Scott Thomas) into the vortex and they develop  this complicated relationship of grief, passion and maybe even love. Not so  believable.<br />The microscopic character study that ensues of the complex  emotions and reactions of the characters is well done, but the viewers find  themselves wondering why they have to watch it since most sane people would  just have let it go. After all, the offenders are dead, and little is to be  gained by knowing the details of the betrayal.<br />The story also introduces  a completely superfluous subplot about the pursuit of a crooked cop by  Dutch, a detective in internal affairs. The only distant connection to the  plot is the fact that Kay and Dutch are together during the shootout with  the bad cop.<br />As filmmaking, this film is first rate as would be expected  from Sydney Pollack. The color and exposures were particularly rich and the  scenes compelling. I particularly liked thescenes from the tango  nightclub. There were a broad range of different settings and situations  and all were handled with great realism.<br />Harrison Ford was asked to play  a character quite different from his customary strong, direct and dynamic  roles. This character was far more complex than any he ever attempted and  Ford didn't have the range necessary to give a satisfying performance. He  was fine in the cop scenes, but in the scenes with Kristin Scott Thomas he  was overly subdued, almost like he was medicated. This made his performance  seem lifeless.<br />Kristin Scott Thomas, on the other had was brilliant. She  showed incredible command of all the myriad emotional states that Kay  sustained. As a British actress playing an American, her accent was  flawless, though the character being from New Hampshire should have had a  New England accent.<br />Overall, I gave this film a 7/10. Despite the plot  flaws, it was well constructed and as a character study it was excellent.  Most viewers will find such in-depth character studies slow and boring, so  if you are looking for pace, you might want to pass on this film.
B00004SVID|5.0|I am one of the fortunate one who attended the Los Angeles Show back in 1980. I still have vivid memories of the experience. Through out the years I have been telling everyone, you don't know Pink Floyd unless you have  seen Pink Live - with Roger Waters.. Especially the Wall. I have witnessed  the Animals Tour few years earlier too.<br />I have been listing to this CD  all day as I went out to purchase the CD during my lunch hour today  (4-18-00). The sound quality is not good as I expected, but after repeated  listening for what is worth and the condition, plus the fact that they  probably never intended to release this as a live album, it is preserved  and presented excellently.<br />For the unfortunate one who never experienced  PF with Roger - and in their prime - not as retiring over 50 year old men,  this is as close as you would get. Just close your eyes and flow into time  and enjoy and relive the history.<br />I think David Gilmore really shines.  Also, the fact that Dave and Roger are singing together in harmony. Songs  like Comfortablty Numb and run like hell with exchange of vocals really  kicks butt. It is PF at their best. as they were closing another phase even  with knowledge that roger will not play with them anymore. The liner notes  for 4 members really give the insight. despite the enveltable separation.  They are still proud of what they did. More my admiration gos to them. I  still don't understand why it took 20 years to put this one out. But for me  it is well worth it.<br />There will never be another WALL...
630575067X|1.0|Man, this movie was just confusing. At least the old Star Wars movies were understandable to the regular person. The new one had so much space lingo it was just annoying. Can somebody tell me what a &quot;Sith&quot; is? What  the heck was that thing that Kwiy-John (or whatever his name is) knocked  over? Why doesn't Yoda just die already, or at least get some  &quot;Hooked-On-Phonics?&quot; I know four year olds that are more  understandable. What happened to Liam Neeson? His acting was unusually bad.  The sword fights were the best part, and they just weren't that good.  Special effects and flashing lights don't make a good movie. Rent this  movie with a Trekkie so you can understand what is happening.
0440219078|4.0|The special young boy named Jonas lives in a utopian society. Nothing is wrong there, no color, no pain, no joy or happiness, and no sorrow. Nobody does anything wrong, and if they do they are released. I liked the book because it keeps you reading on.  It's an attention grabber.  I also liked this book because of the rule with the children, the one where, if they say  a word wrong or they come in tardy to class they have to apologize. I think  that should be put into schools today.  I also like how the families share  their thoughts and feelings at dinner.  They also share their dreams, like  the one where Jonas was in the bathing room at the House of the Old, along  with Fiona.  They were standing by the tub, and Jonas was trying to  convince Fiona to get into the tub of water.  Saying to his mom, &quot;I  wanted her to take off her cloths and get into the tub, I wanted to bath  her.  I had the sponge in my hand.  But she wouldn't.  She kept laughing  and saying no.&quot;  I haven't read too many books but I'm glad I read  this one.  The Giver is one of those books you just can't put down.  I have  read The Giver twice and I learned something new about it both times, and  if I have a chance and the time to read it again, I would.
B000005JAB|5.0|Of John's many moods, this sort of reflective sweet orchestral painted album is a perfect fit for a slow rainy day.
0345404475|3.0|Even though I have not read this book, I thought the cover looked good.  I saw the movie and I  liked it.  I read all the other reviews for this book.  Here is my review of this book that I have not read based on the other  reviews I read.     PKD wrote this book before the movie and it is very  different from the movie.  This book has more words than the movie does and  unless you are a speed reader you will probably spend more time reading  this book than watching the movie.   Personally I wish all the other  reviewers get eaten by a bear!
B00000K3UR|3.0|One second this movie was funny, then it was supposed to me romantic, and then it was funny, and then it was supposed to be heart-warming and back and forth and back and forth and AAARRRGGGH! He's funny, but he can't do  romantic or family scenes very well. I got mixed reviews from my friends,  so rent it to see if you like it.
B000005HDT|5.0|Donald Byrd is A Musical Genius.His Music takes Jazz Into So many Directions&amp;Yet Never Looses it's Roots&amp;Foundations.THis Disc Is Smoking From start to finish.
B000003S2O|5.0|more ignorable than platiuex of mirror, more interesting than music for airports.  along with apollo the best study music.
6303593666|5.0|After viewing this movie and taking a course on ww2 in college, I have come to the conclusion  (not that Germany was right) that it is understandable what happened in Germany during 1934. This film captures the  meaning behind national pride. The German Country was in complete tourmoil  and they did need a leader to get them out of a hole. Hitler did this for  the country and it is obvious that the Germans looked up to him, just as I  would look up to the leader of my country. This is some of the best live  footage I have ever seen in all of history and I strongly recomend it to  anyone with a interest in German history prior to WW2
B00004RYZT|5.0|Very cool DVD!  When you get to the main menu hit 23 and you can get a special feature video of Stripped!  I love this DVD!
B000001FXV|5.0|BOB Marley&amp;Crew Rip The Stage.His Voice,Words,Music are TImeless.He Puts So Much Energy Here that it blows the mind how Productive He was.Very Essential.
B000003TA4|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD TRACK 1(SMELLS LIKE TEEN SPIRIT) IS SLIGHTLY OVERRATED BUT ALL IN ALL THIS IS ONE OF THEIR BEST CDS EVER AND YOU SHOULD BUY IT RIGHT NOW GO AHEAD CLICK ON THE ADD TO CART PUTTON GOOD ONLINE SHOPPER
B00003Q438|5.0|Not Really.  Watch this on a BIG screen and enjoy.If you liked this one, you will like Waterworld.  Both are required for the *true* collector.    Cheers
B000001FXR|5.0|Bob Marley&amp;The Wailers Rock on this Debut.Very Honest in Words&amp;Music.If He&amp;Peter Tosh could Have stayed together then it would have been an Unstoppable duo.4oo years,Slave Driver&amp;of Course  Stir It Up are Rock and are very much On Point.A Must Have.
B00004S6GL|3.0|There's some great songs on here--Somebody That I Used To Know, Everything Reminds Me of Her, Easy Way Out, Wouldn't Mama Be Proud.  <br />I loved all of XO, but finally on this album some of his music sounds over-indulgent to my  ears--i.e, Junk Bond Trader, Everything Means Nothing to Me, In The Lost  and Found, Happiness, Pretty Mary K, the end of Can't Make A Sound. I think  this is his least listenable album, mostly due to all the mega-production  and the occasionally too-sophisticated chord patterns. Personally, I can't  take 3 or 4 vocal tracks of Elliott's voice simultaneously on more than a  couple of these songs.  I think on this album his technical showmanship is  a lot stronger than his songwriting, and I don't really care about  technical showmanship.<br />In any case, all this makes me appreciate the  unmatched touching quality of his previous albums.
630575067X|4.0|You don't like this movie? What are you thinking? It's got great music, fantastic battles, and great drama. Some people say the only reason people like this is because it's a Star Wars movie. Have you ever considered this?  The some Star Wars fans don't like this movie is because its Star Wars.  What do I mean? Well, this movie got an eight or a nine in my book, but the  other movies got a nine or a ten. So just because it isn't quite as good as  the others, you hate it. All you people who hated this movie are just being  picky.    Okay, fine, I admit Jar Jar is a little annoying, but he's  nothing a shotgun bullet can't fix. Let's just hope he isn't as . . .  clumsy? stupid? . . . in the next movie.    If you ignore Jar Jar, It's a  great movie.
0553274503|5.0|This was the first book I had to read for a class and I loved it.  The way the book was written through Charlies journels made it very interesting because you can see how he gets smarter.  I thoughs it was very sad.  Espicially the way the retarted people were treated.  And the ending was  really good.  I hope you buy this book and enjoy it!
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer is a rare gem that shines more and more upon every listen. It tells the story that we know all to well about our modern, banal, irritating, unexciting, yet comfortable society. However, it still is  beautiful music no matter how happy or desperately sad it becomes. Each  song throws you around in the same fashion you are by the world every day.  &quot;Let Down&quot; is ironically one of the most uplifting expiriences  I've ever gotten from music. And in &quot;Climbing Up the Walls&quot; we  travel to the depths of human cruely and pain in one sweeping climax. Every  song, without exception, is able to move you like nothing else. So, take  this review and do what you wish with it. Hopefully you can make more sense  out of it than I can. ifyouwishtocontactme- OKAirbag97@aol.com
B000002KDS|4.0|This is a bone chilling CD. The song &quot; No More Mr. Nice Guy&quot; is awesome. Alice Cooper is great singer.
0375707972|3.0|The Reader grabbed my interest from the begining. It dealt with controversial topics but presented them in a way that made it hard to  determine if they were right or wrong. The Reader covered all its bases by  having sex, scandals, coming of age, love, and courtroom drama. It is easy  to see how it could grab ones interest. I did, from time to time, have a  hard time understanding what Micheal was feeling. He is the narrator of the  story, but he tends to be quite withdrawn. Right when I started to feel  like I knew him the story would skip to a later time in his life and change  his character. The story seems to shift focus a couple of times, but it  does come back to the torn relationship between a younger man and an older  women. It shows how shame can be so strong that it could cause someone to  end there own life, rather than admit to it. It is shocking at times, but  can also get dull. Over all it is a good book and an easy read. It's not  one of my favorites, but I would suggest to others.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|This is not music. Not now, not ever. When I hear whatever this is, I shed a tear and wish Lady Ella was still here.
0060926317|2.0|Somewhat well written yet extremely unbelievable. If it was sold as a fiction story, it would be great, but who knows? For the most part, and entertaining break from reality--but: somebody please help me decide wether this book is fact or fiction. I have had intense debates with friends and  family members about the authenticity over this story. I am losing sleep! I  beg of you, your opinion, and if you wish, email me at miltonp729@home.com  --sincere thanks to all
B000002H8F|4.0|Man!  This is surf-meets-punk at it's best. The Happening is Deal's voice at the top of it. Ana is one of the best surf songs ever, Hang Wire makes you bang your head and asking for more. It's not the best Pixies album, and  it sounds very, very produced compared to the others, but they never leave  their origins and you can really trust that this is one of history's best  albums ever.
B00004SVID|5.0|This Album Is one of the best Live albums That I own. I have never found a live album as appealing as this one. The crowds are usually overshadowing the music but this one has very little crowd noise during the songs. The  Version I have had 2 booklets with interviews and pictures. The Interviews  with the band members give even more background about The Wall and what it  means to the band members and the people who organized the performances. A  must get for fans of Floyd!
B000002H72|5.0|Hey !  This is one of those CDs that make you think about real talent. Pixies were never considered great musicians, but they changed music and influenced bands all around the globe. if you don't have this album, you'd  die unexperienced. Buy this one and Trompe Le Monde to start your pixies  collection. I'll tell ya, you'll fall in love with Kim's Voice, Black  Francis' words, J Santiago's chords, and Lovering's beat. The only thing i  hate about it, is that the PIXIES are no longer around.
B00004SVID|5.0|This Album Is one of the best Live albums That I own. I have never found a live album as appealing as this one. The crowds are usually overshadowing the music but this one has very little crowd noise during the songs. The  Version I have had 2 booklets with interviews and pictures. The Interviews  with the band members give even more background about The Wall and what it  means to the band members and the people who organized the performances. A  must get for fans of Floyd!
B00004SVIK|5.0|I too was waiting for a live album with Dave Gilmore and Roger Waters and this one does not disappoint.  I love the live version of &quot;Young Lust&quot;, its so much better than the studio.  The harmonies in  &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; give the song much more feeling than on the  studio album.  I also thought the extended guitar parts on  &quot;Mother&quot; are sweet.  All and all, I like the live version as much  or maybe alittle more than the studio version.<br />As far as the sound  quality goes, I found it to be very good on some parts and not so good on  others. For example, both &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; and  &quot;Mother&quot; have a weird buzzing sound during most of the song that  I think draws you away from the song.  On the other hand &quot;Run Like  Hell&quot; and &quot;Young Lust&quot; sound awsome, better than any live  recording I have heard.  I just wish that they could have used a different  Master for both &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; and &quot;Mother&quot; since  they are two of my favorite songs.<br />Despite the couple lapses in sound  quality this album gets FIVE BIG STARS FROM ME!
B000002JST|4.0|To put it simply, this album is a great example of what real rock and roll is really about.  With tunes like 'Problem Child', the title track, and of course 'Whole Lotta Rosie', AC/DC put their best foot forward and began to  display the tight songwriting and asskicking performances that would be  honed razor-sharp on their next studio album &quot;Powerage&quot; and  eventually, &quot;Highway to Hell&quot;.  Bon was every bit the rock and  rebel lead singer that he should be remembered for, and the Young brothers  proved once again why the are the best lead/rhythm guitar duo - period.  If  you don't have &quot;Let there be rock&quot;, you don't have balls!
B000009QPQ|4.0|I can't understand why amazon.com has omitted this from its &quot;essential&quot; Jayhawks list.  If you only by one Jayhawks album, make it this one.  Hollywood Town Hall is good but a little too free-form;  Sound of Lies is repetitive and depressing and difficult to get through in  one sitting.  This is the one album with Louris, Olson and Grotberg all in  the band, and they just got it right.  The songs will stay in your head for  a long time; you'll be humming them without even realizing it.  Forget the  annoying labels &quot;alternative&quot;, &quot;indie&quot;, and  &quot;country rock&quot; -- this is real rock &amp; roll.
630518299X|5.0|I have never been a big fan of Jim Carrey and his crazy on-screen antics. For that reason I wasn't expecting anything great when I first saw &quot;The Truman Show.&quot; But I was wrong  -  big-time. &quot;The Truman  Show&quot; is one of those very special movies you only come across every  few years. The very original plot and convincing performances by Jim Carrey  and Ed Harris caused me to experience a diverse range of emotions.  &quot;The Truman Show&quot; can bring out laughter (with it's surprisingly  sophisticated humor) and it can bring tears (I found myself feeling very  sorry for Truman as the heart-rending conflict begins to rage within him).  Do not be surprised if you find yourself reflecting on this movie for days  and even weeks after you watch it; I did. There really is a very deep and  special lesson that this movie teaches. It is one that should be sobering  to us all: That in this drama called Life, we can't control everything, nor  can we even begin to imagine how many lives we are impacting by our  actions. If one day we are to be held accountable for what he have done in  our lifetime, will we live the remainder differently? &quot;The Truman  Show&quot; is without a doubt a very special movie. Kudos to Jim Carrey, Ed  Harris, and Peter Weir!
B00000IOSU|5.0|This CD is amazing.  It's the first Sarah McLachlan CD I have ever bought, and I've bought two others since.  Every song on Mirrorball is great- I listen to the CD from beginning to end everytime.
B000005YZM|5.0|with every song, the zombies pull sounds out of places that belong to all of us. we owe them a great deal.
0891416811|5.0|I have thought about this book for years. I read it at some point in the past- probably in the early seventies when I was in middle school or HS- and to this day I remember it as one of the most captivating  &quot;reads&quot; I have ever had. I have not yet re-read it, but now  through the power of the net I have found one of my old friends. HIGHLY  RECOMMENDED!
0151001820|3.0|Author Perez-Reverte performed an amusing trick, using the mystery/thriller genre to showcase his personal interest in books, their collection and value, and literary analysis.  He must have realized that  writing a scholarly monograph would have difficulty in finding a publisher,  much less being profitable to the author.  However---by using the red  herring of a novel one just might reap monetary rewards including a movie  deal.  Well, he won that bet---although the story (and reportedly the  movie)is weak in the the last analysis.<br />Nonetheless, readers should find  the &quot;loopy&quot; book (as described by one professional reviewer),  entertaining and worth the investment of reading time.  Perez-Reverte has a  wonderful command of the language with many excellent phrasings, and an  ability to spin a yarn.  A tip of the hat should probably also go to the  translator Sonia Soto.<br />The Club Dumas is only a 3 star because of the  weak story and its wrap up. It still rates a read recommendation.
B00004SVID|4.0|I had a copy of this ten years ago in the inferior bootleg format. This release is absolutely amazing. The versionas do not stray from ther album versions too far, but alas, with Pink Floyd who cares ?
B00003CXDV|5.0|All I can say is WOW!  When I saw this movie with a friend, I was prepared for a pathetic parody of Star Trek (ST:TOS and ST:TNG), but this movie completely destroyed my previous thoughts.  Tim Allen was great in the role  of Taggert, as was the guy who played Alexander Dane, the Brit who  impersonated the &quot;emotionless Spock.&quot;  <br />The movie started off  with a BANG, as we see the five actors sitting in a lounge, waiting for  their turn to get on stage.  Their show has been canceled, but they are  still hired to do many boring conventions.  I loved the scene where they  were advertising that new computer store, with an audience that totaled ten  people.  I also enjoyed the actor who played Mathesar, the alien commander  who set his people to impersonate the Galaxy Quest &quot;historical  documents.&quot;  Even if you're not a sci-fi fan, BUY THIS DVD--it'll be  worth it!
1895565669|5.0|For anyone who has a child they love. This book is a must. I can't read it with out crying. I cry every time. By this book for your mom as well. I reconmend this for all ages and all children and parents.
0385333846|5.0|This book is my favorite book of all time.  It is in my opinion, one of the best written books of all time.  Those who give this book a bad review are either to narrow-minded or to unintelligent to see the true meaning of  this book.  It is very, very, very good.  It is also based on the authors  experiences in World War II so its got factual parts to it.<br />Also, the  &quot;So it goes&quot; statement is a something the Tralfamadoreans say  after someone dies.  This is because they consider death to be another  stage of life.  As a result it is used after every reference to death, not  after tragic events.
B000002WYT|5.0|The complexity of this CD allows you to have a different listening experience every time. From the high-intensity of the rock pieces to the soulful #41, Dave Matthews demonstrates his mastery of vocal sounds. His  band is also SUPERB!  The musicians &quot;talk back&quot; to his singing  with finesse and playfulness, subtlety and depth. Another imaginative  production.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I have had this CD for a week in advance of the U.S. release and cannot stop spinning it in my CD players. From home to car to my headphones at work. This excellently displays the pure genius of Pink Floyd and Roger  Waters in particular. Buy it.. you will not be sorry.
B000000W8C|5.0|The Verve has slowly made their way into being one of my favorite bands (too bad that I've heard they've now broken up).  Urban Hymns was once &quot;down&quot; in my top 20, but every time I listen to it, I raise it a  notch.  Now it is solidly in my top 10 CDs of all-time, moving into U2/Dire  Straits territory.<br />Which made me recently go out and buy &quot;A Northern  Soul&quot;.  I figured I had to try another Verve CD since I like Urban  Hymns so much.  And am I glad I did!  These guys are just amazing!  What  incredible, spectacular music!   Great vocals, driving rythyms, and  pulsating guitars punctuate the CD, with their touching, quiet ballads  lending good balance.  &quot;History&quot; has to be the best song I've  heard in a long time.<br />I will agree with many of the reviews here that the  production of this CD is weak.  However, the &quot;rawness&quot; of the  production doesn't detract too much from the CD.  In fact, it gave me a  sense that I was listening to a band on the verge of greatness.  And their  greatness was to come a little later with Urban Hymns.  Still, their talent  is undeniable, and this is a must-buy.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica sadly showed with this album that they were proceeding down the same path as Black Sabbath. The first five albums kicked some severe arse until they began to dwindle down the spiral of weak songwriting and  eventual obscurity. Well...okay, so this may not be so in the case of  Metallica, at least in regards to the obscurity, seeing as how  &quot;Load,&quot; &quot;Reload,&quot; and &quot;Garage Inc.&quot; are still  fresh in the minds of the fans. However, one must account for the lack of  expansive and excellently crafted musicianship on the last three albums.  Forget about that so-called fiasco about the band getting haircuts. I  highly doubt that these guys started sucking because they cut their hair  (they don't have to have a Samson syndrome to be a metal band for the  ages). That being said, let's talk about the legendary Black album.<br />For  me personally, this album was the signal that Metallica were going to take  a turn for the worst. It was the first album to be commercially accepted  and had the band go mainstream. Not that mainstream is always a bad thing,  but many bands and artists begin to fail artistically for the sake of  making more money on something that people will immediately like. Some  might think, &quot;Why do something artistic and creative that people think  sucks, when they can do something just mediocre that people will eat  up?&quot; Why? For art's sake? Naw, go for th money. Problem with that  being, Metallica suffered for it in the eyes of purist fans like myself who  believe that part of Metallica's appeal on the first four albums was their  ability to be artistic and still be good. This album, while great, showed  they were losing their creative edge.<br />&quot;Enter Sandman&quot;- great  song, recognizable, excellent riff, but not expansive. <br />&quot;Sad But  True&quot;- incredibly powerful and probably the closest to their earlier  material, but it's still less experimental. No big rhythm changes or chord  progressions. <br />&quot;Holier Than Thou&quot;- a great, high-speed  headbanger, with a great chorus, even though it's just too short.  <br />&quot;Unforgiven&quot;- great song (noticing a pattern here?) but it  recycles the chord progression from their earlier hit &quot;Fade to  Black,&quot; (and let's face it, &quot;One&quot; even sounded similar to  that song). <br />&quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot;- okay, I'm sorry, but I  personally do not like this song. It's like &quot;Sad But True,&quot; in  that it's similar to their older songs, but something about just makes me  cringe. <br />&quot;Don't Tread on Me&quot;- nothing memorable. Just another  good song.<br />&quot;Through the Never&quot;- I love the intro riff!  <br />&quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;- so this song proved that even  Metallica can write a power ballad, but for me (being a guitar player), it  got annoying being asked to play this song at parties for my girlfriends.  <br />&quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot;- great lyrics, though it reminds me of  &quot;Harvester of Sorrow&quot; and &quot;Frayed Ends of Sanity&quot; for  some reason.<br />&quot;The God that Failed&quot;- I love this  song!<br />&quot;My Friend of Misery&quot;- just another good  song.<br />&quot;The Struggle Within&quot;- a great closer for the album.  Again, nothing new here, but it is appropriately dark and heavy. Perfect to  end the Blackest album.<br />Overall, this is still a great album, but it is  the last great album from Metallica. Basically, it lacks the classical  sensibility that underlied the previous four albums, and for me that makes  the album suffer. It is my least favorite of the first five, and I still  give the album five/five stars. If only they could have stayed this great.  Now?...well, now they just suck. They still kick ass live, but...their  albums are weak. And there shall be no rest for the weak! Power to the  wicked! Hear the last rites of the Black album!
B00000253N|5.0|This album is a masterpiece. You see that word said a lot, sometimes it is warranted, most of the time it is not. Blood On The Tracksfits the definition of a masterpiece to the letter. The songs themselves are perfect. There are remarkably different takes on love. &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; displays the anger of someone who has had his heart ripped out. &quot;Tangled Up In Blue&quot; and &quot;Simple Twist of Fate&quot; wistfully recall love affairs that went south. &quot;Meet Me In The Morning&quot; is Dylan's finest blues song. In between the remorse and anger, Dylan sneaks in a hilarious song about a bank robbery (&quot;Lily, Rosemary, and the Jack of Hearts&quot;). If you have ever felt the pain of a broken heart you will love this album, regardless of your age, gender, race or religion.
0002318350|4.0|This ison of the best book written by the British queen of suspense. It has doesn't star her favourite character, Hercule POirot, nor can the reader guess who is the murderer (because Agatha made a swindle to the readers, the murderer being on of the fellows already described in the book  as being murdered). THe tension is almos unbreathable!
B00003CX96|4.0|I was a student at I.U. in the Fall of 1978 and actually saw the movie makers filming this movie.   I've owned this movie for several years and enjoy it each time I watch it.  It's very nostalgic for me to see the  landmarks on the campus and Bloomington, Indiana. After the movie was  released, all of my friends and family that were from Bloomington had never  heard of the term &quot;cutters.&quot;  It was a mystery to the locals.    Also, after the movie was released the limestone quarries in the area were  inhabited by college students, something the locals despised. A great  movie, very wholesome.
6304078145|1.0|Theres no comedy here. Fooled by a great cast, people went to see this garbage (or rent it), and got perpleexed  by Roths horrible acting, trying to vote which of the four episodes is the worst of them. By the way, has  anyone seen Tarantino around these days...?
6304711891|5.0|The Rock is an excellent movie from beginning to end.  From the beginning, Hummel (Ed Harris), a disgruntled war hero, steals the VX Gas Rockets that he will launch on San Francisco.  Nicolas Cage is a chemical weapons expert  selected by the FBI to diffuse and stop the launching of the gas.  Sean  Connery is the only man to ever escape from Alcatraz.  He is locked up by  the FBI because he stole the Microfilm containing everything ever done be  the British Members of Parliment and the British Prime Minister.  Together,  Cage and Connery lead a team of US Navy Seals to stop Hummel.  This is a  great movie for anyone who likes non-stop action.
0767819594|1.0|The producers of this movie really had crel intentions when shooting this lousy picture. The acting is horrible, the actor are irritating (mainly Ryan Philippe), there is not one convincing scene in all the picture. Only  two times in my life I walked away from a theater in the middle of a movie,  and one of these times was in the middle of this parody of a film. No, Im  not a little bit &quot;shocked&quot; by supposed sex scenes (I watch porn  movies! ), but simple shocked by one of the worst scripts Ive ever seen.
B000000H57|5.0|Now this is how it is done.  A deep, sexy voiced lead singer, not needing to dare into the higher tenor ranges of the voice, but rather keeps it dark, mysterious, and ethereal in the bass range.  The music side is  lyrical, thought-out, progresses well, and leaves you wanting to hit the  back button and hear it in.  Especially &quot;Green Man&quot;, WOW!   what a track, such beautiful lyrics, too.  One of my pics for favorite  album of that year.
B00000JZIK|4.0|You wanna have a lesson in the art of film-making? Watch this one.
B000000993|5.0|Worship them, or kinda like them (there's no hatred here *smile*), these guys have managed to pull off 3 amazing albums, technically superior, lyrically/vocally superior, and to amass one of the largest cult followings  I know of.  It does not get any better than this, unless you listen to  classical music, but it's a whole different emotion.  I could just cry  listening to every track by TOOL, just amazing.
0441172717|5.0|This is the second-best book ever in my opinion.  Out of all the pages of the three books in it, I only found 2 spelling errors!  I like how the author put in words that are not real, and putting the dictionary of them in back.  It was sort of hard to read, and my dad said it was suppose to  be.  It's so long that I even forgot my favorite character's name!  It  reminds me of The Martian Chronicles, except with war and it is not so  confusing, and that they are on Arrakis, instead of Mars.  It is about a  boy who moves from the ocean planet, Caladan, to the desert planet,  Arrakis, also called Dune.  The author put in the unique idea of &quot;The  Spice&quot; and the Giant Sand Worms.  I would give this book 4 stars and  9/10 but I can't so I gave it five!  The second book was kind of like  everything is ruined.  That is what made me take out 1/10 of a star.  If  you ever read or saw Return to Oz (The sequal to the Wizard of Oz) it is  sort of like that.  Overall this was a good book.
B000001Y5J|5.0|Nine inch nails, need i say more? for those in their late teens, early-to-mid 20s, we all listened to this at one time or another.  Trent was wrong.  This isn't meant to last, this is for right now.  But that's  okay. :)
B00000K31V|5.0|If you already love Cronenberg'a films, then you don't even need to read this. Just get the DVD or video and then write to all your friends raving about it. It is not about corporate espionage or any of the other stuff the  reviewers seemed to garner from it; it is about levels of reality. If you  are not familiar with David Cronenberg's vistas, then be warned: nothing is  as it seems to be.  Yes, this film is much closer to The Thirteenth Floor  than to The Matrix, but at the end the latter two films both depend upon an  absolute physical reality as a basis. eXistenZ is a philosophical journey  into the nature of reality itself. It does not have the sophisticated  special effects of Matrix, nor the well-developed personas of Thirteenth  Floor; it goes beyond those superficialities and well into another  dimension.At the end, all one can say is &quot;are we still in the  Game?&quot;
6300215512|5.0|This film was William Holdens first big hit. It marked the great Gloria Swanson's triumphant return,(NOT COME-BACK!) Brilliantly acted, this film tells the story of a movie writer, Joe Grillis, and a crazed silent movie  star, Norma Desmond. From the view of the body floating in the pool to  Gloria Swanson's famous closing line, &quot;Alright Mr. DeMille, I ready  for my close-up!&quot; this film will keep you enthralled. With a bit of  sly humor and a marvelous script, Sunset Boulevard is a must see.It  inspired the Andrew Lloyd Webber play of the same name. The American Film  Institute ranked this film the 12 best film ever made. Once you see it,  you'll know why. Now that its digitally remastered, SUNSET BOULEVARD is  ready for its close-up!
B000002L99|1.0|Dont' get me wrong, I'm not the typical &quot;Sammy Sucks, get Dave back&quot; reviewer.  I actually really like Sammy.  This cd is just bad, with the exceptions of &quot;Why Can't this be Love&quot; and  &quot;Dreams&quot;.  Otherwise, I couldn't find any catchy tunes at all on  this cd.  I only listened to it a few times and left it alone.  My  suggestion:  Buy Best of Vol. 1 and get the good songs from this and  others, and leave this album alone.
6300248569|5.0|Those who love Jane Austen -- and are willing to live with screen  adaptations of her work -- should not miss this version of P&amp;P.   Elizabeth Garvie provides the most compelling and accurate of all screen  representations of the complex and wonderful Elizabeth Bennet.  The script,  in many parts, is drawn almost directly from the book, and in the hands of  Ms. Garvie the character of Eliza Bennet is brought to life.  Many have  faulted this version of P&amp;P, and rightly so, for the exceeding  stiffness of David Rintoul's portrayal of Mr. Darcy, but most of the  remaining characters are spot on.  One other minor irritation is that Kitty  is played by an actress who appears to be twice the age of the actual  character.  However, Mr. Collins is presented as the bumbling fool that he  is, almost likable for his silliness, at least when he is not in the  process of proposing.  And Lady Catherine sparkles in her selfish  arrogance.  But Eliza always is at center stage.  In the dramatic scenes,  such as her spurning of Mr. Darcy's first proposal, her reflection (in  silent absorption, with voice-over) on the responsibility that her father  must bear for the family's misadventures), and in her final confrontation  with Lady Catherine, Ms. Garvie provides unforgettable images of one of the  greatest characters of literature, a realistic character in a compelling,  if improbable, story.  But the character is sustained with equal power in  all the interstices as well, where Jane Austen truly reveals her  understanding of character.
B0000027RL|5.0|I have to fight my 16 year old son for this cd. Of course, he has to fight me for Vitalogy. He asks me on occasion if I have heard of Jimi or Cream or Led Zepplin, so I know he is ok.(Kids!) So for you over 40 something rock  music fans this cd belongs with those artists. A a debut  that establishes  Pearl Jam as one of rock music's great bands.And Release is an overlooked  classic.Sit back. turn it up, and enjoy.
0783240503|5.0|I love musicals and this version of Joseph and the Amazing Dreamcoat is a brilliant adaptation!  Not only is Donny Osmond wonderful as Joseph, and very easy on the eyes! But Maria Friedman as the  Narrator is sensational!  I highly recommend this video if you are a lover of musicals. The music,  the dance scenes, the comedy, it's just great. If all Bible stories could  be told this way, I'd be more interested in the Bible!
B000002BYD|5.0|If you are new to Pearl Jam and looking for their best cd, I can't help.  Just read the reviews of all their cd's and you will know why. They are a complex and changing band.  But Yield is a very good example of the bands  music. Wishlist shows  their softer side,while Brain of J,and Given to Fly  rock. If you buy this cd and like it, you will buy all their cd's.
B00003CWRX|5.0|This is a must see movie. Great story. Al Pacino and Russell Crowe are superb. Even though you're an action-movie fan, you'll enjoy it. If you're a drama-movie fan, you'll definitely love it. I highly recommend this film  to everyone!
B000003TA4|2.0|I just don't get it.  Why on earth is this album given the acclaim, critical and otherwise, that it has received?  I first heard &quot;Teen Spirit&quot; shortly after its release and thought it was a great, driving  song, but it soon disappeared for a while from the radio until a few music  industry &quot;wise men&quot; prompted its second wind, when Nirvana did  take off to the big leagues.  Unfortunately, no other song on this album  competes, in any way whatsoever, with Teen Spirit.  This is bland, banal,  grunge at its least inspired and dreeriest.  If you need to compile a  collection of inspirational, pioneering cds, then by all means, include  this disk.  However, if you are looking for an album that contains uniform  musical quality, then look elsewhere.  I have never heard an intelligent,   thoughtful commentary on why the MUSIC on this album is good; discerning  critics refer to this album as being revolutionary.  This one will sit on  the cd shelf for most listeners who have passed the teen angst years.
0684833395|5.0|Assigned this book prior to XMAS break and read it 3 times before class resumed.  I read it once per year.  I gave up analysis of the book the first time I read it and revelled in the hilarity.
B0000027RL|4.0|I don't giving albums 5 stars just because I want people to buy it.  Even though I have given this one 4, I think it is a VERY good album.  Musically, it is interesting, high quality, and great.  Lyrically... well,  I think Eddie Vedder is awesome.  His voice has such emotion in all of  these songs - the kind of emotion that sometimes clutches your chest... the  kind that all the best things in life have.<br />In short... this album is  great.  The words have meaning, and are sung with great feeling, and the  music is so far from repetitive pop that I haven't become bored of it in a  long time.  (Maybe that should be 4 1/2 then)
0788812408|5.0|This movie is great! It`s the best movie! Airel sings the best songs in the world! If you have seen the movie, your lucky!
B00000JCB2|1.0|I agreed with my son Earl100%. My daughter Stacey isreal upset because someonecursed her out E-mail style.This was because he hated myson's review.Yes im gonna saythis guy is gonna wind up inBurger King again,  working.And I feel sorry for all theone's that E-mail other's toball em  out. NO CLASS CITY.
B0000025YM|5.0|Judas preists best album of the 80's.This album is a harrowing descent into maddness,The power which this recording possesess is truly awesome to bear witness to.Standouts Include &quot;Jawbreker&quot; &quot;When The  Night Comes Down&quot; easily one of their best compiostions.&quot;Rock  hard ride free&quot;, Unto devastation.&quot;The Sentinel&quot;  &quot;Defenders of the faith&quot;shall slay all false believers.
0425170349|4.0|Tom Clancy continues to come up with topics that are not the &quot;run-of-the-mill&quot;. He has set such high expectations for his work that I expect a masterpiece everytime. This book comes off as close to his other strong books.  I would recommend this to any other Clancy Fan.
6305280711|3.0|In this third instalment of this action trilogy.John would rather not rmember his past as he returns to NEW YORK only to find that when he does he's thwarted by a mad man Simon(Jeremy irons)and a bystander caught in the  middle(Samuel L. Jackson Mclane must do exactly what Simon says or he will  blow up the entire city.<br />    A high tech roller coster ride explosive  action not much of a DVD but another popcorn  movie avrage picture great  sound take the ride a fun movie to end this incredible action saga.
630512762X|5.0|If there is one thing that Asia does better than America, it is intense, violent action.  John Woo, legendary Hong Kong filmmaker, strutted his prowess in this beyond-hollywood masterpiece.  However, Woo wansn't the  only one on his game here.  The duo of Nicholas Cage and John Travolta,  exchanging roles, faces, and mannerisms, really showed off their previously  hidden acting abilities.  The plot was surprisingly interesting, if  repeatedly implausable.  And everything bled of style.  But none of this  got to hold the spotlight for long, especially against some of the most  intense double-fisted gun battles this side of the pacific.  Unlike  traditional hollywood fare which would throw more FX budget at a scene,  these were intense because they were well cheoreographed, stunningly  filmed, and playfully inventive.  Sure, John Woo peppered his action with  very cool, very human points of high drama, but the point of the drama is  getting your heart pumping, and at that Face / Off excelled.<br />If the  phrase &quot;guns 'a blazing&quot; doesn't appeal to you, you'll definitely  want to pass on this one.  For the rest of us, however, this is everything  an action movie is supposed to be, and oh so beautiful.
1573300403|5.0|While Jackson's ego as the &quot;King of Pop&quot; has folded over recent years, his legacy lives in this compilation of his videos and performances. With the advent of DVD, Jackson's fans will get to see and hear the great  quality of his performances and music finally. Two videos on this  compilation are worth seeing. The first, &quot;Liberian Girl,&quot; is a  beautiful ballad, and the celebrity-filled video is one of Jacko's rarely  seen videos. The other, &quot;Scream,&quot; which was the most expensive  video ever made has Michael and his sister, Janet, in a futuristic  spaceship setting, that was beautifully directed by Music Video guru Mark  Romanek (Madonna's &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; was also his work). Forget the  scandals and his wierd habits, and buy this coolection.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I want to tell anyone interested in buying this DVD what a wonderful job Nicole, Tom, and Stanley did; in putting together this story of love, and the realities of love in a long term and mature relationship (Marriage) can  be. Applause on this one Nic and Tom Great job! thanks I enjoyed it much!  Annette in New York...
B000002MU3|1.0|This is probably the most worthless album REM ever put out.  The songs are badly written, mostly constructed around punk and grunge cliches. Most of the songs have no real melody, and the ones that do have melodies sound  exactly like previous REM songs.  REM, in spite of their protests to the  contrary, were never a punk band, and this album proves it.  This was the  beginning of a long downturn for REM from which they have not yet  recovered; in this reviewer's opinion, they should have broken up after  &quot;Automatic For The People.&quot;
0515127485|5.0|Life in Moscow &quot;is, was, will be&quot; brutal and harsh. Harris has got his descriptions of Russians longing for the good old Stalinist days dead on. You have to live there like I did to believe it. You think Harris' crazy, paranoid Stalinist monster living in the tundra is hard to believe?  It's not any harder to believe than Russia's party history or current  political situation, where Duma deputies are murdered regularly.  Stalin's  son is a &quot;metaphor&quot; that embodies (get it?) the lingering phlegm  of Russia's evil past. You think Russians wouldn't rise en masse to slobber  over Stalin's son?  Then you've been tucked comfy under your Western bed  covers reading novels too long. Harris did not have to invent much. He  described the bars, prostitution, brutality, duplicity, and misery to a T.  He even managed to mention that compassionless excrescence, the eXile,  which exudes the stench of the worst aspects of Russian amorality and  Western expat cynicism.  Russian life has always been brutal, and they  blame the West. The West brought them the invasions of the Swedes, the  Poles, the French, the Germans, the Turks. Sad thing is the Russians  managed to fight these invaders off.  As a result, what they were left with  was a society that was bled and brutalized -- but victorious.  They may not  have decent housing or food, but they do know how to identify, repell, and  destroy an enemy.  Harris captured this emotional reality. Read the book.
0425129586|5.0|Absolutely unguessable and genuinely frightening from beginning to end.
B00000254Q|4.0|Santana's forte as a band has always been the playing; it's not that the singers or the songs have been bad, but they're (mostly) second in importance to the band just cutting loose and wailing. What makes  &quot;Dance Sister Dance&quot; really kick is Carlos' anchoring riff and  his solo towards the end; likewise, the timbales are what move  &quot;Gitano,&quot; with Chepito and Armando in a tight groove.  &quot;Europa&quot; is the high point on the album, one of the best  instrumentals the band ever did and one of Carlos' finest solos ever.  AMIGOS doesn't have the consistent power that, say, SANTANA III or  CARAVANSERAI had, but it has it's moments, particularly when they JUST  play!
6302814359|5.0|This sequel to one of the best zombie movies of all time, &quot; The Return Of The Living Dead &quot; is actually almost as good as the original. Thom Matthews and James Karen return to the franchise as  different characters. There's a lot of entertaining values in this flick,  zombies are some of my favorite screen monsters. And in this film, they're  hilarious. I'm pretty sure I got into zombie movies because they were cool  and funny as hell.
630575067X|5.0|From the start, this movie screams Hi-Tech.  The visuals are amazing.  There are multiple stories within the story.  I particularly liked the use of Force powers by the Jedi Knights.  The new movie technology prevails and  makes this movie a hit for the whole family.  The previous movies simply  cannot compare with todays technology.  It is a true adventure without the  usual dragging drama of longer films.  In fact, the drama increases the  adventure and makes you want more.  A very good film.  You will enjoy it  over and over again.
0800141660|5.0|This beautiful celluloid adaptation of my favourite Austen novel really is well-worth all the awards it was nominated for and received.<br />But why, oh why, was Emma Thompson cast as Elinor Dashwood?  In this film it seems that  Elinor is supposed to be a spinster but in the book Elinor is only nineteen  and far from having &quot;lost her bloom&quot; as her half-brother John  Dashwood (James Fleet) puts it. <br />Having said that, however, Thompson does  do a good job as the sensible, pragmatic eldest sister who has to appoint  herself head of the family when her father dies and their mean, snobby  sister-in-law sees to it that they are left in poverty.<br />Everyone here is  well-cast from dashing young good-for-nothing Willoughby (Greg Wise) who  casts a spell on impressionable young Marianne (Kate Winslet) to the gentle  and sensitive Colonel  Brandon whose faithful love for the said young lady  appears unrequited.  <br />And I like the actress who plays the youngest  sister, Margaret.  She certainly shows promise.
B00004SVID|5.0|If your over 30, you know that &quot;The Wall&quot; was a benchmark album for that (our) generation.  While Gilmour, et all have carried on very well for the last 13 years or so, This one was Waters &quot;baby&quot;.  It's a  tour de force for him personally.  From the open notes of &quot;In The  Flesh&quot; you are shook and transcended back 20 years ago to a time when  The Wall concerts were history in the making.  The cuts are incredibly true  to the original and just as vital and fresh as they were then.  To hear  Waters now, performing HIS songs, makes it difficult to listen to the 2  live recordings that the current regime has released.  When he incites the  crowd before &quot;Run Like Hell&quot;, it is HIS show and the rest of the  lads are there as mere support.  The liner notes are entertaining as well  as vital to understanding his vision, as each band member (and primary  figures in the production of the concert/movie) gives their own account of  how they perceived Waters' motive and vision of music for &quot;The  Wall&quot;.  Not all of it complimentary.  This is history documented.
B000000OPU|3.0|An album so close to being a masterpiece but doesn't quite make it.  Some odd sounding tracks spoil it, but if you can overlook them, buy this alone for the beautiful track &quot;In Your Eyes&quot;. Who could forget the  clever video for &quot;Sledgehammer&quot;, that song is included on this  album as  well as the great &quot;Big Time&quot;.  The duet with Kate Bush  &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; is impressive, probably a little dragged out, but  worth listening to.  Skip the boring 'Red Rain' track. Nevertheless, in a  nutshell, Peter Gabriel's best album to date.
B00004RE7C|2.0|First the movie: &quot;Star Trek III&quot; is a decent installment in the &quot;Star Trek&quot; movie series, even if it is just one big segue.  First-time director Leonard Nimoy does a servicable job in helming the  story of Spock's rebirth.  The premise of the story is quite compelling  (Kirk's crew mutinies against Starfleet and sends the Enterprise to it's  destruction) and the special effects are fantastic.  The movie, however is  far from perfect.  At times, the story isn't too--well--logical, and all  the sacrifices Kirk and co. make in &quot;Star Trek III&quot; are pretty  much undone or forgotten in &quot;Star Trek IV&quot;.  Add to that the  wrong-headed casting of Robin Curtis as Saavik--and especially Christopher  Lloyd as Kruge--and you get a flick firmly entrenched as the &quot;middle  child&quot; of the &quot;Star Trek&quot; movie franchise.<br />     As far as  the DVD version, given how much money Paramount rakes in from &quot;Star  Trek&quot; would it KILL them to make a Trek DVD with some special  features?  A director's commentary would have been great; a triva section  would have been outstanding.  Instead what do we get?  The requisite  widescreen and theatrical trailer and that's it.  This disk doesn't even  have foreign language captions, for goodness sake!  Like all the Trek  releases before this one, Paramount put as little work as possible into the  DVD version, and frankly that stinks. If SOME effort had been put into  this, I would have rated this 3 stars instead of 2.
B0000026DJ|4.0|I never understood why Midnight Oil never received world wide recognition as they richly deserved it.  We are fortunate here in Australia to have exposure to many bands that overseas missed out on and the Oils are one of  those groups.   'Diesel and Dust' is timeless.  Recorded during a time when  artists were opting for particular sounds which could now be described as  'dated', this album fits in very comfortably with today's sounds.   I  originally purchased it for the excellent track 'Put Down that Weapon' but  it is full of excellent tracks including the feel-good song 'The Dead  Heart'.  The song 'Beds are Burning' is an all-time classic as well as that  cool album cover.   This is the only Oils album that I own, but I have  listened to their others.  I recall in school in 1982 when 'Power and the  Passion' was a huge hit here - people were really starting to notice them  then. Well done guys on delivering such great music to us.
B000002HRE|5.0|One of three the best Metallica's albums. Number of good songs. Yes, Metallica does not rips off here but it does sound really good. (...)Metallica proves that getting older might not mean getting bolder but certainly means getting smarter.
6305750750|3.0|My favourite parts of this movie were:<br />1) The sabre duel.<br />2) John William's score.<br />3) The attention to detail.<br />4) Did I mention the sabre duel?<br />I've watched it multiple times, and noticed some little thing going  on in the background that I didnt notice before.  The amount of detail that  went into this film was incredible.  I wish Lucas had put just as much  effort into the dialogue and character development.<br />The musical score was  superb.  I own the soundtrack and I love listening to Duel of the Fates and  the Federation themes.  Very appropriate, probably the most conistant part  of the film.<br />The sabre duels were 1000 times better than all of the duels  in the other 3 installments put together.  It's just too bad that there  wasnt enough Maul.  Lucas gave the audience zero reason to hate Maul,  except for the fact that he was a pawn of Palpatine.<br />Ian McDiarmid was  probably the most consistantly good actor in this flick.  Jake Lloyd should  not have had a speaking part. Natalie, Ewan, and Liam all seemed bored, and  their lines sounded canned. Finally, I hope Sam L Jackson gets to kick some  ass in Episode II or else its going to be a pretty dull trilogy.
6304288433|4.0|Many horror movie sequels arent even worth watching,but this one is an  exception. It takes off right from where the first one left us and  immediatly kicks into the murder and mayhem that Micheal Myers is good for.  They take Laure to the hospital for her wounds and Micheal follows them to  the hospital with Dr Loomis hot on the trail. This film has all the  suspense that the first one had ,but it just didnt have that scary  atmosphere to it,the first one was a very dark film,the second one is shot  in a hospital which is scary in itself, but not like the dark streets of  Haddonfield. This movie had a little more violence it it than the first one  and a little more profanity. Rated R for mild violence, strong language,A  scene of sexuality,and partial nudity
0684865130|5.0|Catch 22 is one of those rare books that a reader can take from it whatever he or she wants.  If it's humor you're looking for, then this is a funny, comical book to read with fast-paced, pinpoint dialogue (similar to the slapstick humor in Zuckers/Abrahams/Zuckers movies  &quot;Airplane!&quot; or &quot;The Naked Gun&quot;).  BUT FUNNY IS SUCH A  GROSS UNDERSTATEMENT.  Catch 22 is rich with social and political  symbolisim, which means if you're looking for something deeper than a  &quot;good laugh&quot; there is plenty here to keep you busy thinking for a  long time.  Overall, I found Catch 22 to be a story of hope.  That no  matter how ridiculous or impossible the obstacles in front of you appear,  you can conquer them with belief in yourself and a plan of attack.
B0000039LE|5.0|This is it folks,the movie that started the whole slasher genre. Many diff movies have copied this ones style,but none of them do it better than John Carpenter did in this film. The movie starts by showing a first person view  of a person putting on a clowns mask and going up stairs and stabbing a  teenage girl a little later we find out that micheal myers murdered his  sister and was sent to a phychiatric ward for treatment. 10 years later he  escapes and goes back home to kill the only remaining member of his family  Laure Strode. This is where the story really picks up as laures friends  begin to die off one by one. There is no gore in this movie at all. It  relies on its mood and atmosphere,but it does it so well that it is called  the greatest horror movie of all time. Rated R for a scene of sexuality,  partial nudity
B00004SVIK|5.0|First thing, make sure you get the &quot;limited edition&quot;box set &amp; not just the regular 2-CD set. You'll be sorelydisappointed when you find out what you missed. It's worth the extra money. The hardcover book that comes with it is worth the entire price by itself. Beautiful photos + commentary from the band &amp; set designers, etc. Second thing, I (along with many Floyd fans) have been waiting a very long time for something I haven't heard before. Sure, new Pink Floyd material would be nice, but this 2 disc set of The Wall will definitely satiate the need for a while. I know everyone's heard the album before, but you have never heard it like this.  Taken from various concerts at the original Earls Court in London from 1980 and 1981, these songs are among the best I have heard them do live.  You've undoubtedly heard some of the songs live on Pulse or Delicate Sound of Thunder (both also great sets), but to finally get to hear the entire The Wall album -- I can only say that it is incredible. Remember the beauty of hearing the live version of Dark Side of the Moon from Pulse?  Songs like &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky,&quot; &quot;Young Lust,&quot; and &quot;Mother&quot; shine on this collection, and more popular songs played many times live -- &quot;Comfortably Numb,&quot; &quot;Run Like Hell,&quot; and &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot; -- well, you have to hear them to hear the differences. I'll just tell you that the guitar &amp; keyboard solos on Another Brick in the Wall make it worth the purchase price. Buy your copy, listen over and over, and keep hoping that Gilmour, Wright &amp; Mason get together again for a new Pink Floyd album. Or maybe they'll do like The Dead &amp; just start putting out a kind of &quot;Dick's Picks&quot; collection of live shows from the past. I could live with that.
B000002UJQ|3.0|Uh...for those of you who said this was the best of the 90's, try some Smashing Pumpkins!
B000002J1C|5.0|This third album (1971) marks the coming of age for Yes. Steve Howe joins and immediately the band shifts into high gear. The composition and arrangements show great maturity and imagination, the playing is inspired.  Perhaps a bit more jazz influenced in moments compared to later albums. All  in all this brilliant album heralds what is yet to come, namely FRAGILE  &amp; CTTE.
B000006NPY|5.0|Try listening to this on a rainy night in a dark room alone.  It is the most awesome feeling in the world.  Life would not be complete without experiencing this.
B00004SVID|5.0|Not only is THE WALL on of the greatest rock albums of all time, but Pink Floyd's live preformaces of it have gone down in history as revolutionary. The Wall concerts were PF at their best, despite all the inner  workings/conflicts going on within the band at the time- (that ultametly  led to Rick leaving, followed by Roger himself). The album clearly and  truly communicates this rock spectacle.
B00004SVID|5.0|I was lucky enough to purchase this album in the limited edition book &amp; slipcase as soon as it was out in Australia, and i later found out that there were only going to be 5000 copies of it available here.  This is  a great album, whatever edition you buy.  There are always some problems  with a live recording, like  crowd noise, or poorer quality sound.   Not  only does this recording defy problems such as this, but it brings out the  emotions of the songs in some cases more than the original.  At the same  time, the quality is almost equal to The Wall studio album, but the songs  seem better in some aspects (you really have to purchase the album to know  what i mean).  There are a few differences between this recording and the  original, like the extra two songs, omitted from the original album(but  included in the movie).  The band don't talk a great deal to the audience  throughout the sets, apart from Roger's humourous ranting at the audience  to &quot;HAVE A GOOD TIME!  ENJOY YOURSELVES! &quot;  Which i am sure  they did.  All of the famous tracks are there (Another Brick In the Wall,  Comfortably Numb, Young Lust, Run Like Hell, etc) in all their live glory.   The slipcase edition is great, with the cds encased in the covers of a  book, telling the story of The Wall album and show.  All of the band  members have their say as well as the people behind the stage spectacle.  This hardcover book comes in a slipcase, featuring masks depicting the  bands' faces - masks that were actually used by a &quot;surrogate  band&quot; for one of the songs - against a black bricked Wall. This is a  great album for any music fan, (as are a number of Floyd albums) but a real  fan would apreciate the limited edition.  Get it now before they jack up  the price... BRILLIANT!
B000002KEV|5.0|HIGHWAY STAR is the best song in the hard rock history,...forget other rock bands such as Bob seger, zeppelin, Eagles and etc,...this one is the hardest Rock dinosaurus on earth, there is no other name except DP! the  Japanese tour 1972 was always in our memory 8especially for DP fans9 around  the world.
B000001FK3|5.0|This is one of my favourite J.J. Cale albums. Especially the song Magnolia can still bring tears to my eyes. Boiling pot is funny in a brilliant way. the rest of the songs are great as well. I'm 22 years old and J.J. Cale  makes me feel like I was born in the wrong place at the wrong time.
B000002KHB|5.0|Yes, the colleague from Medan is right! we are purple fans. I love this album! that is a present from God! God bless this album! Long live the holy Purple! The old and original studio versions of Smoke on the water, highway  star, lazy have broken the rock history. All Deep purple fans have this  one,.... see ya on the next tour Guys,...we love ya so much. The band  through the ages! they are a real heavy rock Heroes.
0897500482|5.0|Bruce Lee was more than in innovative martial artist, as described by millions.  His teachings were not intended to augment induvidual styles; many people make themselves believe that because to understand his  teachings is to realize that many lifetimes of training are useless.  Bruce  Lee understood that it was necessary to do more than  &quot;cross-train&quot; martial arts; he realized that all styles are in  fact POINTLESS.  His teachings instead describe how to truly train; he  teaches that &quot;when one has no form, one can assume any form,&quot; and  likewise with styles.  All who train their whole lives away in classical  forms are in truth limiting themselves by those forms.  The truth is to  truly expand beyond the borders of traditional martial arts and instead  treat it like a living being, capable of adapting entirely to the current  environment.  As I have been training under this &quot;formlessness&quot;  my entire fighting career, I know that the teachings beginning in this book  are true and good.  This book is not intended as another &quot;ultimate  fighting manual,&quot; but a beginnin; that is, a way to begin a true  understanding of the basic martial arts: pure combat.
B00003CX5A|5.0|In adapting Washington Irving's classic tale for the masses, famous eccentric Tim Burton decided to make an old-fashioned horror pic, lovingly recreating the style of the legendary Hammer Horror films... and it's  fabulous! The story has been changed about quite a bit, most notably the  changing of Ichabod Crane from a schoolteacher to an early forensics  detective, dispatched to Sleepy Hollow by his superior (a brief but welcome  cameo from Christopher Lee) to investigate a series of decapitations which  the locals believe is the work of a ghost, a Headless Horseman. Tim  Burton's film is visually mind-boggling, with a bleached look and wonderful  settings, which effectively conjure up a dark past. As Crane, Johnny Depp  is great fun, capturing the essence of the character perfectly. Christopher  Walken excels as a wonderfully scary Horseman, and Christina Ricci as the  love interest has her most glamorous role to date, and is as mysterious and  alluring as she needs to be. As for the rest of the cast, a hodge-podge of  Burton veterans and renowned British performers, they get to chew on the  miraculous scenery on display and flesh out the background in fine style.  If there are any faults, then the look, storyline (which is surprisingly  good for a modern horror film), and cast more than make up for it. This is  Tim Burton's world - and we should be grateful to spend a couple of hours  in it.
0440219078|5.0|The people in this book are unaware of what things feellike. We know and take advantage of it but when Jonas is brought intothe world of feeling he is overwhelmed. He realizes now that his worldis wrong controlling peole and I agree with him.........
B00004SVIK|5.0|I've been waiting for this ever since my mom told me about it in January. Being the huge Floyd fan that I am, I had to buy it as soon as it came out (which was yesterday). This is the one of the best live CDs I've ever  heard, the quality is excellent. I bought the limited edition set, it's  only 9 to 15 dollars more, and it's well worth it. If you are going to buy  this CD, buy the limited edition. The book is beautiful, what stood out the  most to me was how bright and vibrant the pictures were, plus it includes  interviews. As they said on my local radio station, if you haven't been to  a Pink Floyd show, buy this CD, it sounds just like your at one. Personal  favorites on this CD: both versions of In The Flesh?, Mother, What Shall We  Do Now?, Comfortably Numb, Run Like Hell. This certainly isn't the best  Pink Floyd, (Wish You Were Here, I think, is) but it still is A+ anyways.
0345428056|5.0|I absolutely could not put this book down! McNab has a gift for writing action. The tradecraft sure sounds believable to a civillian like me. The characters are a bit cardboard-like, and I wonder how much time McNab has spent with children, but who cares? I was completely sucked in from the  first page. The fight in the PIRA office in DC is a stunner, and it's not  even the best part of the book. I'm looking forward to McNab's next effort.
B00003CWRX|5.0|After ripping myself from a theater seat after seeing &quot;Heat&quot; for the first time, I thought I would never see a better movie.  I was proven wrong however, now that I have seen &quot;The Insider&quot;, furtunately, it was Michael Mann that proved me incorrect.  <br />The use of Crowe and  Pacino in this film was a graet balance of acting skill.  I was surprised  by Pacino's decrease in volume in this movie after such great performances  in &quot;The Devil's Advocate&quot; and &quot;Heat&quot;.  Michael Mann  also has a keen eye for fantastic use of the camera in this  film.(...)
B00000342V|5.0|I remember the first time I saw the movie.  It was on latenight TV.  The images in this film are so intense, but really its the music (which pulses virtually non stop through the film with each flicker on the screen) that  tells the story and carries you through it.  Then there was the scene at  the night club with Curtis and I thought to myself, Man I hope I can find  some albums by this cat !<br />Well, finally I got the album.  I really  appreciated the music in the movie, but by itself it was even more  powerful.  The funky pulsating bass, Curtis Mayfields unique falsetto  voice, the sizzling brass and strings, yet that urban jungle funk  percussion, the greasy wa wa guitar - - the drama in the chords... The  music is and was so different than anything Id ever heard before.  Yes,  Jivey and 70s, yet that mixture of Jazz, soul, soundtrack music and the  folk sensibility that Curtis uses to tell the tale...  the album is almost  overwhelming.  And now, in this great new addition, you get all those  bonus tracks and backround listening to enrich your listening more. - - I  have two copies of the LP, and this one !<br />People who only saw the movie  once still quote from the lyrics... maybe you even have your own Back in  the Day Superfly memories...  keep this in your car for long trips, for  entertaining company, and get this fantastic repackaging to dig even deeper  into not an album... a cultural institution.
6303269869|2.0|Even though Meg Ryan does an excellent and credible job, I thought Andy Garcia was a dud.  First let me say that if you cannot relate to a rehab situation, this film is uncomfortable to watch.  Most dissapointing was  that I did not believe that the speech Andy Garcia's character gave at the  end (that made Meg Ryan's character as his wife apparently return to him)  had any substance to convince Meg that he really &quot;got it&quot; in  terms of her struggle.  The scene at the marriage counselor had some  promise but then it ended too soon and was not revisited.  Again that scene  was great for Meg's character but did not do much for sphinx-face Andy.   Also, supporting characters, aside from a few short moments at the rehab  center were weak and uninteresting.  Bottom line, if you come from a sober  family, don't bother watching this flick.
0440219078|5.0|This book is the coolest and i never would have guessed it was so good if a friend hadn't recomended it to me.  SO read it! I wish there were more books just like it.
B000035Z1Z|4.0|When I first watched this film (four times ago), I liked the interaction between my favorite actress Meg and Kevin Kline, even though Kevin is no Tom Hanks.  Later, when I read the professional reviews and after having  watched You've got Mail countless times, I thought maybe I was overrating  the movie in my head.  But then I saw it again and still liked the vast  majority of scenes:  Meg's call to the US, her scene with the Canadian  Counsel (this is where I tell you your application is rejected?), her  surprising us with the necklace on her neck (where was she hiding it so  long?), Kevin's fight with his brother, etc.  were all clever.  I say sit  back and have a glass of wine and enjoy this film.
0375707972|4.0|I enjoyed The Reader because of Schlink's use of point-of-view.  This novel, written in the first person, allows the reader to slip into the  shoes of the characters.<br />In places, the imagery and detail are somewhat  lacking, and the reader finds him/herself a bit confused and yet unable to  do anything about it.  At the same time the reader sees Michael's inability  to affect what's going on around him, and so the title has more  significance as we relate that feeling to our own lives.<br />It's not a  difficult read, you could probably do the whole thing in one sitting.  It's  got sex, mystery, dirty little secrets, desire, and everything that we want  to see now days.
0896760839|5.0|This book is essential to any good theatre costume shop, but it is not for  someone looking to create a halloween costume.  Unless Theatre or authentic  recreations are your thing, this book is not for you.  Indepth with great  detail.
B00004S6GL|3.0|Gone are the days of scratchy guitar and breathy vocals - now we have bigger productions - far more elaborate. However, on several of the tracks these elements are in real danger of drowning out the man himself. I loved  XO and Either/Or - two fantastic albums with many standout tracks. This  album seems fairly corporate and lacks much of the depth of his earlier  work. Feels bad writing this as I love all of his other stuff so much. Out  of sixteen tracks, there are probably about 7 which are really good...the  others just seem to fill up time and give me a headache. <br />Can't make a  sound, Son of Sam and Everything means nothing to me<br />These are probably  the best tracks on the album
B000002H6C|5.0|This album, the last of the, and I quote, &quot;old Metallica&quot; albums, is truely amazing.  It's not as good as &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; or &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, but it more than shows  off the brilliant musicianship that is Metallica.  &quot;One&quot; stands  out as one of the best songs of all time, although Pantera's &quot;Cemetery  Gates&quot; is a close contender.  &quot;To Live is to Die&quot; is great,  even better than &quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot;, although it is technically  not an instrumental, because there are some words.  Therefore,  &quot;Ktulu&quot; stands as best instrumental ever.  One thing you notice  on this album is that it's a little more grim and foreboding than past  albums, and that of course is because of the tragic death of bassist Cliff  Burton.  Very sad.  Anyway, this album is great, so check it out.  Oh, and  contrary to what many may say, this is not the last good Metallica album.  The Black album is awesome, and &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot;,  while different, are still more than worth getting.  Hail Metallica, old  and new!
6305750750|5.0|It took 17 years but I've finally got another Star Wars movie for my home collection I can't wait till it's on DVD. I love this movie I love the final battle with the Duel of Fates in the background. Annie(Lord Vader)is  annoying but he is only 9 and when I was that age I was annoying to
B00000099Y|4.0|Wow, this is truely a strange and interesting album.  I guarantee there is nothing else like it.  It's funny, yet grim and foreboding, not unlike Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot;.  However, this CD rivals, if not exceeds,  &quot;The Wall&quot; in weirdness.  &quot;Stinkfist&quot; is, by far, the  best song, the runners-up being &quot;Forty Six and 2&quot; and the title  track (lotta hometown pride there, huh?).  The reason this gets four stars  instead of five is because of the six &quot;non-songs&quot; that just take  up space, the length of &quot;Third Eye&quot; (nearly 14 minutes, way too  long), and &quot;Hooker with a Penis&quot;, which just sucks.  Despite  those things, the good tracks make the annoying ones worth it, and of  course there's Maynard's awesome voice and the very profound subject  matter.  Don't expect to love this album the first time you hear it, but it  will more than likely grow on you.
B00004SVIK|5.0|If you like Pink Floyd this is for you.  If you enjoyed PULSE and Delicate Sound, then you need this album.  Its amazing, the improvisations really add to the music as you'd expect live Floyd to do.  Its a must have if  you're a fan of The Wall.  Not my favorite album by them, but this owns as  a live album.
B00000JCOV|3.0|I held off getting this album for a while, but I can say its quite refreshing to listen too.  If you can lift yourself from the media exposure the band are getting and listen to the album then you can actually  appreciate that it is a good album.<br />Granted, its not as friendly as  something from Limp Bizkit and its not as brutal as something from Static-X  or Biohazard.<br />Good for people who like Fear Factory, but in reflection -  Obsolete is a better album than this one.<br />Slipknot are a good band and  I'm looking forward to seeing them this August at Reading Festival, UK.   <br />The albums good, but albums from Machinehead and Fear Factory are  better.
0451160916|5.0|This isn't my favorite King book, but the description of the characters is what makes this book so good.   I had a little time getting used to the book and into it, but once I started to get more and more into the book the  more loved.  Like I said the best aspect really were the characters, all of  them were excellent.   The movie wasn't bad, but there was a lot of stuff  in the movie that I wouldn't understand if it wasn't for the book, and I  believe King felt the same way because after this movie was made he had  more control in everything past that point.     Any young reader should  read this book simply to learn how to write great character development.
B00000JCB2|4.0|The quick answer is no.  This album is very good, and I recommend it to any buyers.  Granted - some people won't like it - its NOT Korn, its NOT System Of A Down, its NOT Static-X. <br />Suggest you listen to it first  before buying.  Everyone I know have liked it so far, very bouncy, very  fun, very good.
B000002UEB|5.0|Its hard to decide to buy a music CD with just one review. With this many reviews with five stars, Operation-Mindcrime is without a doubt a Work of Art. It has withstood the test of time on my playlist - a must have in any  music lover's collection.
0312243022|1.0|I didn't find this book engrossing or even challenging.  In fact, it was an effort for me to finish reading this rather smallish book. I found the writing to be superficial and the characters undeveloped.  Of course, the  connections among the three women were obvious and there were no surprises  to be discovered.  Anyone familiar with the Bloomsbury Group and  specifically Virginia Woolf is aware of everything included concerning her  life and her writing.  The similarities among the three characters were so  tenuous and the characters so underdeveloped (I felt no attachment to any  of them), that although I am aware of the rave reviews, I find it  impossible to agree with them.  If this is a Pulitzer Prize winning novel,  then our writing establishment, and our civilization by extension, are in  deep trouble.
B000002TQV|4.0|Although this albulm is still unique in its own way it does not fit into the class of OK Computer.Still,I would recommend anyone to purchase this worthwhile CD.This CD contains excellent songs such as 'High and Dry','Fake  plastic Trees'and my alltime favourite Radiohead song 'Street Spirit(Fade  out).'This albulm is best listend to while alone in the dark,preferably on  a rainy night.Radiohead enables me to concieve my home country England as i  am thousands of miles away in the Southern Hemisphere.Overall then a good  albulm but not to the standard of OK Computer.
0767819462|5.0|This is a movie you must see. It is really sad but it still is really good. i can relate to the daughter really well because we are about the same age. i placed myself in her position. the movie is about how the kids  learn to accept their mother's death, their parent's divorce, and their new  mother. out of 5 stars, this is worth 6.
6304119046|5.0|With all due respect for the reviewer from New York (April 11, 2000) who found Citizen Kane boring, may I suggest a flickering white light, that sits two inches away from your eyeballs.  This will stimulate the nerves in  your retina that have obviously been deadened by episodes of &quot;the  worlds greatest car chases.&quot;  Although you may wish to rather view the  nightly news for more relevant stimuli, the notion that the  &quot;Rosebud&quot; plot of Citizen Kane is boring and been done, is well  taken.  However, I must confess igonorance to the subject.  Might this poor  player of a movie, be an original or dare I venture, an innovator of such a  genre?  While someone might indeed be able to find such filmmaking  techniques in &quot;A complete Idiots Guide to Filmmaking&quot; as you  suggest, I wonder whether those classic books were available at that time,  and why no modern filmmaker has seen fit to read them, as is evidenced by  the poorly shot, and poor plot films we are subject to today.   I saw  Citizen Kane recently, and though dissapointed there were no visable  explosions or gratuitous violence, was entertained to the point of thought  and retrospection.  The story in the film was not a special effect (a  departure I found unnerving) but rather a person, and the circumstance of  fame.  The filmmaking you mention as simple, did look pedestrian compared  to the computer graphics we see today, and one can only wonder why they  were once described as revolutionary.  I mean we see those shots in film  all the time today, so what was so special?  Despite it's obvious flaws,  the film remains probably the greatest ever.  It's just a shame, they  didn't have computer generation technology back then.  It would've made the  story of remembering one's innocence that much more compelling.  Maybe with  a character like Jar Jar, I would've felt his pain.  As the reviewer from  New York rightly states, this whole Rosebudgate has been done with better  flair with Watergate, Irangate, and Monicagate.  I mean, couldn't Mr.  Welles have learned from the sensationalism of the Watergate affair to make  a better movie?  I guess we will never know.  At least we have the nightly  news, and Monica Lewinksy to provide us with great theater.
B0000024YL|5.0|This CD has the most beautiful music I have heard in a long tome.  The tune and the way Simon and Garfunkel sing their greatest hits brings out all the beauty of their music.  This is an awesome CD, and I truly suggest  it to anyone who will listen to this music and realize the amazing  awesomness of it. Bye this CD and you will fall in love with Simon and  Garfunkel.
0800136586|5.0|This has to be one of the greatest movies I've seen! Don't let the other reviews bash on this show! Acting was good, Carol Burnett, Bernadette Peters, and Tim Curry are wonderful as the villians you will love to hate!  The music is wonderful, my favorites being &quot;Sign&quot;,  &quot;Hard-knock Life&quot; and &quot;Easy Street&quot;. Some people say  this is overly profane, but that's not true! Four swear words are used  throughout the entire show (Those all being the same not harmless word) And  I must admit, you see a lot of underwear, but don't let this discourage  you! Buy this today, I'm sure you will love it!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought Affirmation for I knew I loved you and Crash and Burn but every song on the cd are just as good. Darren Hayes, has a one in a million voice, he fills every song with emotion. The only singer I like more is Rob  Thomas from Matchbox 20. My favorite tracks are Crash and Burn, I knew I  loved you, Affirmation, Chained to you, The best thing, and The animal  song, The lover after me, But every song is great.
6302293553|5.0|Out of all the movies I have ever seen, this must be the funniest out there! It has an actual plot, and although it's corny, that gives it half the flavor! I mean come on- a lady banging a cat against a wall for no  apparent reason? The swallow discussion? All those 'not quite dead people'?  This isn't just a guy movie -Hey- I'm a girl- This is a movie for anyone  with a sense of humor!You will find yourself memorizing quotes like no  other! This is a very unique flick, scenes that are just crazy enough to  work! I think it should've been rated PG-13 though!<br />Now go buy it you  sons of a silly person!
6302649943|4.0|O.K., for the last time :  motion pictures DO NOT EQUAL books.  Books are bigger effort &amp; time investments that pay off big in intellectual terms.  Motion pictures can't possibly capture the detail of a book, but  they pay off by stimulating your senses in a way that a book can't. Like a  Stephen King novel or don't, like a Stephen King movie or don't, but for  God's sake QUIT TRYING TO COMPARE APPLES AND ORANGES.
B00003CWN3|5.0|When I was a child, after every Disney movie I saw, I walked out crying because I didn't want it to be over.  Now, over a decade later, when this movie ended, I could not get up.  I was paralysed with shock.  Tears  streamed down my cheeks, not because I was sad it was over, but because I  knew it was truly over.  Brandon Teena had died.  His life was no more.  He  was different, so he was murdered. This was the best movie I have seen in  years.  I was touched beyond mere words.  If I could put how I felt about  this movie into words, you would smile at first (because some parts are  funny), then gasp (because some parts are shocking), and finally your heart  would break and your tears would flow.   I don't know who you are.  I don't  know your background or your race or your gender.  But I do know that if  you are human, you need to see this movie.  You must see this movie.  This  movie is why the first director picked up his camera and said  &quot;Action.&quot;  This movie is life.
0783240503|4.0|Donny Osmond and Maria Friedman (the Narrator) were outstanding!  My whole family loved watching the video.  I was, however, a bit disappointed in Joan Collin's attire since it is billed a &quot;Family Musical&quot;.
0671004107|5.0|This book was a terriffic read.  I really enjoyed it.  Although I am not generally a fan of Science-Fiction, I found this book amazingly realistic.  However, the movie of this book was a big dissapointment.  I found that the story was incredibly different in the movie, although the basics stayed the  same.  If you have seen the movie, then I suggest you read this, and be  prepared for a pleasant surprise.  In the copy I read, there were quotes  relavent to the coming chapter on the page preceeding.  This gave an extra  depth to the story.  I wasn't able to put the book down.  This book is an  amazing read for anyone who has looked up at the stars and has wondered if  we are alone.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Fight Club's main objective is to teach a lesson on human nature. The vehicle used in portraying human nature is the domesticating, materializing, dehumanizing, corporate world of late 20th century America  and one man's violent struggle against it. In Freudian terms, the  protagonist (Norton) is forced by his homogenized corporate &quot;ant  hill&quot; existence to suppress his &quot;id&quot; fueled &quot;ego&quot;  of primal male aggression to the point of dementia. In Norton's(who is also  the narrator) Freudian dementia he creates an alter ego by the name of  Tyler Durden (Pitt). Norton's alter ego allows for his suppressed  aggression to pour out in bare-knuckled and disfiguring confrontations with  other sympathics from all walks of life. The lesson on human nature comes  in the end when Norton awakes from his dementia to realize that what he has  created in retaliation to the effects of corporate America has become just  as inhumane as the cause. This irony leaves the intelligent viewer asking,  &quot;So what is the answer?\\" Fight Club retorts that human nature is  confused, imperfect, powerful, self-defeating, overly idealistic, and far  from reaching understanding of itself. If can't handle the reality that his  film offers than you're too comfortable and should try to find your  inner-Durden.
0385495315|5.0|This is the way I like to read history.  I seek out books that span the ages, and this is definitely one of those.  I've read so much history over the span of my life that I begin to look for texts that hit the highlights and add detail.  The Code Book does just that.  It is an exciting book to  read even if you know how the battle of Midway was won or that Mary Queen  of Scots was beheaded.  I highly recomend this book to those who know their  history, but enjoy a good yarn!
0440219078|4.0|Hello.  For those of you out there who haven't read The Giver, run out and buy it.  Lois Lowery has strayed from her usual course of writing books for teenage girls, The Anastasia Series is a flicker in the past compared to The Giver.  This book tackles a subject that most of us have never consider or read about before, a utopian society or &quot;sameness&quot;.  The Giver  is about Jonas, one of the few &quot;different&quot; people in his  community.  In the book a special day is designated for all of the children  in the community to have a sort of birthday party.  Children who become a  Nine will receive a bicycle and Twelve children, like Jonas, will have a  job chosen for them.  Jonas has been selected as a receiver, a very special  assignment in the community.  On his first day of training, Jonas receives  something from The Giver that few in the society have ever gotten.  A  memory of a sled ride.  At the end of every training session Jonas receives  a happy memory, a rainbow, Christmas or a birthday, in addition to all the  painful memories he may receive during training, like war, or a broken  bone.  Jonas and The Giver have been talking about how the conversion to  sameness doesn't seem right anymore.  They began to plot and this is where  the story really begins.  In my opinion this book is undoubtedly a good  read, but is wanting in the adventure department.  I love the new concept  of &quot;sameness&quot;, but it reminds me somewhat of Communism, everyone  supposedly being of equal respect and opportunity.  Although in reality no  one can ever be the same.  I enjoyed reading about Jonas and discovering  what life in his community is like, but the book lacked something.  Not  until Jonas's escape did I get really into the book and even that wasn't  too exciting.  I enjoyed it, but definitely thought it could have been  better.  I hope that other people can get more out of it.
B000046PVN|5.0|I grew up watching the Superman movies and the music is just as nastalgic for me as the movies are. John Williams puts alot into his soundtrack recordings and Superman is no exception. Is it any wonder why this  soundtrack was used for the three following sequels? The music is powerful,  soft yet at times, sad but thoughtful. The original soundtrack (which only  had 16 songs) was good but over the years, I always believed the sound  could have been better and I knew there were more songs on the movie than  what the soundtrack had disclosed for listening pleasure but hey! It has  finally come! a new Superman soundtrack, remastered with extra songs  included. This was like Christmas to me. The sound is superb and not only  are there songs added, but excerpts that were taken out of songs on the  original soundtrack, are finally disclosed in this package. This CD is very  worth the purchase. It's a learning experience of John Williams music all  over again! You'll enjoy it!
B00004S6GL|5.0|Well of course Elliott Smith has been praised for his two last records in France, and it will be the same for Figure 8. Regarding this album, my first impression was that his best songs are still in Either/Or, just like  i thought with XO, even if Son of Sam and Pretty Mary K. are just  wonderful. Maybe I need more time to be acquainted with this new album. His  two last records contain many many very good songs actually. But None has  reached the beauty of the first fifteen minutes of Either/Or.<br />Elliott  Smith seems to be able to write one good song a day. He never makes a BAD  song. He CANNOT be compared to Michael Penn or Aimee Mann.That's why it's  hard to judge his career. Because if he keeps making such records, he will  have to make another MASTERPIECE. And not the new brand Elliott SMith LP  that everyone will be eager to buy. Indeed each new Smith's album is a  great achievement. The next five years will tell us if elliott smith will  be the John Lennon of the new century...
B0000025CP|5.0|This album shows Priest at their best, both musically and lyrically. Stained Class has everything-the first speed-metal song Exiter,the awsome beyond the realms of death, Saints in Hell, heroes end. The band is in  their best form on this one.vocally, this is rob's best album.Also,check  out glenn's solo on beyond the realms of death, one of his best.So,if you  want  to hear Priest at their best,this title is for you. ENJOY!.
B00001NFCY|4.0|It was not as good as my own prison but it was awesome.  Higher, What If, With Arms Wide Open, Say I-all great songs.  Buy it!
B00004SVID|4.0|This is live version of the wall is definetly worth the price, each song is played to true perfection.  i do suggest, however, that before you buy this disc(s), do make sure you have the timeless classics, Dark side of the  moon, wish you were here, and the wall studio edition.  Pulse is also a  very worthwhile live album although it lacks the presence of roger waters.   Highlights from Is There Anybody Out There include Pink Floyd's definitive  cut &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, Run Like Hell&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;,  and Another Brick in the Wall Pt 1&quot;.  If you have the opportunity to  see waters mind blowing live show, do it. Otherwise, this is the next best  thing.  Oh, yeah, the sound quality is a triumph, its almost better than  the studio edition.
B000002ADT|5.0|Simply stated, this is the best jazz album ever recorded!  Miles and friends can only be imitated and revered.
080018789X|5.0|I could break the movie down by its demographics, but other reviewers have already taken care of that.  So I'll take this opportunity to thank the screenwriters for the brilliant and inspiring job they did of writing the  characters played by actors Cuba Gooding Jr. and Regina King as a young,  intelligent, supportive, and loving African-American couple.  It was  overdue for a mainstream film.
6303921248|4.0|I had to watch this one twice before I could make up my mind about it.  I didn't see it on A&amp;E. After reading the reviews of this film on this site, I decided to take a gamble, and I bought it.  One of things I found  so neat about it, is they presented Mr. Darcy as human, not some  two-dimensional piece of wood, as I have seen in other versions.  It was  interesting to see him struggle with his feelings for Elizabeth.  Elizabeth  of course, was just as feisty and high spirited as ever.  What a wonderful  performance.  It was a very good adaptation of the book, and most of the  characters were real.  My only criticism is the choice of Susanna Harker as  Jane.  I saw her in Heat of the Sun, and she was wonderful, but I thought  her Jane Bennett was lacking. All in all, the movie was well-acted,  well-filmed and on the whole, a joy to watch, especially of course, the  relationship of Elizabeth and Darcy.  Mr. Firth and Ms. Ehle were wonderful  in their roles.  I would highly recommend it to any Jane Austin fan.
B000002BUY|5.0|I absolutely love this band and all their music. I can't wait until August 24, I will see them live at the OZZFEST! My favorite songs on this cd are New Skin and Idiot Box. And I do love their newest work.
B00003CXDU|5.0|David Howard, the writer of \\"Galaxy Quest\\", has been a friend of mine for years. So, I had an opportunity to see one of the original drafts... \\"Captain Starshine\\".<br />I was wary when they cast Tim  Allen. I laughed when they cast Sigourney Weaver. I cheered when they cast Alan Rickman. And after the years of waiting for this movie, it was all  worth it. The cast and director brought together a movie with heart, spirit and a lot of laughs. Tony Shaloub and Sam Rockwell nearly steal the show from their better-known co-stars.<br />A great comedy classic. Yes, a Trekkie/Trekker will probably get more out of it. But that is not a pre-requisite to enjoying this film.
B00003CWPR|1.0|Wow.  I have seen bad films before (the Avengers springs to mind), but this is by far the slowest, stinkiest, and longest waste of film and talent that has ever hit the screen.  Did Kubrick get good performances out of the  leads?  God, NO.  You may have to go back and watch Rain Man or To Die For  to remember that these two (Hollywood's most sickeningly attractive couple)  can act at all.  It's a wonder that this movie took so long to complete.   You would think in that amount of time, they would have come up with  something either coherent or, for that matter, watchable.  I can't believe  I sat through the whole thing.  If Kubrick intended to make the worst film  of all time, he did an incredible job.  You keep thinking something,  anything may happen, but nothing ever does.<br />If you've bought this film  without seeing it first (by the way, the digitalization in the orgy scene  did not take away from anything - there was nothing to take it away from),  do yourself a favor and get an Ebay account; sell it before you make the  mistake of watching it.
B0000062FJ|5.0|This is one of those albums where every song is great.  When this group burst on the scene Latin influences had not yet made an impact on rock music, but this recording changed all that.  From the searing riffs on  &quot;Soul Sacrifice&quot; &quot;Evil Ways&quot; to the pounding rymthms of  &quot;Jingo&quot; ( borrowed from African purcussionist Olatunji) this  album is nothing short of spectacular.  This band loved performing and  pleasing their audiences.  I saw them in the fall of 69 and they're still  the only band I've ever seen who performed a song twice (Jingo)because the  crowd asked them to.  That energy and love of their audience comes through  loud and clear on this record.  Buy it now!
B000002U82|5.0|I know that title sounds cliche, but how else can you describe this incredible piece of work?  How in the world could that previous reviewer think this is uninspired and unimpressive?  What a moron!  It's right up  there with Led Zeppelin IV, St. Peppers, Back in Black, and Tommy as ground  breaking recordings, full of classic radio staples that influenced several  immatators for decades to come.  Now the only negative I can see with this  release versus other Floyd works is how the songs are still played to death  on all classic and hard rock stations.  But that's just a testament to how  great these songs are.  I don't think anyone saw Floyd capable of this  masterpiece even after releasing the very good Meddle and other great  experimental rock in the late 60's and early 70's.  But obviously Roger  Waters and Co. pushed their creative boundaries to the limit here.  It's a  rare CD in that all the songs are great and Side 2 is just as good as Side  1, which normally is front loaded with all the best songs.  &quot;Great Gig  in the Sky&quot; and &quot;Breathe&quot; still give me goosebumps.  Also,  no other CD I can think of flows better from beginning to end than perhaps  &quot;The Wall&quot;.  I could ramble on more but need I say more?  If you  don't currently own any Floyd than this is a perfect start.  &quot;Wish you  were here&quot; and &quot;Animals&quot; are logical progressions from DSOTM  and &quot;The Wall&quot; puts it all together for their final GREAT work.  There will be nobody like these guys ever again so enjoy!
B0000062FJ|5.0|This is one of those albums where every song is great.  When this group burst on the scene Latin influences had not yet made an impact on rock music, but this recording changed all that.  From the searing riffs on  &quot;Soul Sacrifice&quot; &quot;Evil Ways&quot; to the pounding rymthms of  &quot;Jingo&quot; ( borrowed from African purcussionist Olatunji) this  album is nothing short of spectacular.  This band loved performing and  pleasing their audiences.  I saw them in the fall of 69 and they're still  the only band I've ever seen who performed a song twice (Jingo)because the  crowd asked them to.  That energy and love of their audience comes through  loud and clear on this record.  Buy it now!
B00000J7J4|3.0|First of all, I'm not a hardcore fan of Carlos Santana, but I'm very familiar with all his radio hits that still get airplay on a regular basis like &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;, &quot;I Ain't got Nobody&quot;, etc.  And I was very curious to find out what the hype was all about with his  latest CD &quot;Supernatural&quot;.  Afterall, it's sold millions and won 8  grammys so it must be great, right?  Well, many awards and millions sold  doesn't make a CD great, but it is really good.  And if not for his  collaborations with some well-known '90s artists, this CD could have fallen  by the wayside like his other 80's and 90's releases, so it was a smart  move by Carlos to work with these people.  But those songs make the CD a  bit uneven and they are by NO MEANS the best cuts.  In fact, I believe that  his latin-influenced songs are BY FAR the best stuff here.  Songs like  &quot;Primavera&quot; are smooth and display the talents of Carlos much  better.  Only the collaborations with Dave Matthews, Everlast, and Clapton  do anything for me.  And that song by Laryn Hill is bad, bad, bad.  It's  just plain horrible and needed to be left out.  There's no room for a  hip-hop track from some rap artist.  And Santana doesn't seem to appear on  the track whatsoever. But overall, Supernatural is a strong piece of work,  but maybe a bit overhyped.  But's its still worth the buy especially if you  like his guest stars.
B00001QEE7|4.0|Growing up, I loved The Little Mermaid for its songs, its characters, and its storyline.  I especially think that Sebastian the crab and Scuttle the seagull are helpful with providing the comic relief.  And, considering that  my VHS copy was suffering enough from repeated viewings, I jumped at the  chance to purchase this DVD.  I was not disappointed!  The sound and  picture quality are great, and it's good to finally see it in widescreen.   The lack of special features  for this disc did not bother me that much.   The widescreen and multiple language selection are just fine for me.  So  it's to the people who love the movie, do not own the DVD, and don't mind  the lack of special features that I recommend this disc to.
6305451591|4.0|The humor in the first half of the film had me laughing out loud. The humor during the second half had me smiling. The second half of the film turns darker as the main characters are jailed by the Nazis. The humor  continues throughout the film but in a different vein until the touching  ending. This movie evokes laughs, tension, and sadness. A movie worth  seeing.
6304779356|5.0|This movie has been my favorite since I was 8 years old!  I would have to say it's the best vampire movie of all time because of the coolness of all of the characters-even grandpa!  The movie team couldn't have picked better  songs for it.  Kiefer Sutherland was the best.  I've seen (and own) just  about every Kiefer movie there is.  I once had an autographed pic from him  when I was 9 and I lost it....I'm now 20 years old and would love to meet  him or find out an address where I can write to him! SEE THIS MOVIE!  if  you haven't you are deprived from the best movie ever!
6305657939|4.0|Slick cat-and-mouse flick. Plenty of twists and turns will keep you guessing about who can be trusted right to the end. An entertaining movie.
0375707972|4.0|The first time I picked up The Reader I was astonished at it's boldness.  I was not prepared for the oncoming adult content but nevertheless I enjoyed it.  The Reader held my attention throughout the entire novel.  I  did not run into any slow points nor did I run into any really confusing  areas.  I enjoyed the level of difficulty in the writing but it was never  too hard to follow.  I think the sexual anecdotes also kept my attention.   I would recommend The Reader for anyone interested in a quick novel with a  lot of insight.
B00001ZWTT|5.0|sure this film was basically killed off by critics before it even was released in theaters so that had already prejudiced some people against it but if you give it a chance, you'll find yourself having a heck of a good  time with this film. it is full of action, comedy, and thrills. sure it may  not have reached the peak that men in black did but it still gets &quot;up  there&quot; on its own.
0375707972|4.0|The first time I picked up The Reader I was astonished at it's boldness.  I was not prepared for the oncoming adult content but nevertheless I enjoyed it.  The Reader held my attention throughout the entire novel.  I  did not run into any slow points nor did I run into any really confusing  areas.  I enjoyed the level of difficulty in the writing but it was never  too hard to follow.  I think the sexual anecdotes also kept my attention.   I would recommend The Reader for anyone interested in a quick novel with a  lot of insight.
B000007S5B|4.0|Vintage Doors, no doubt.  I can't imagine why people some reviewers don't like it.  Love Street is just a beautiful song, I couldn't stop listening to it for a while.  Then on to Not to Touch the Earth, where Jim and the  boys are at their maddest.  Many other smooth and beautiful moments,  including the unforgettable classical swing of Spanish Caravan's opening.   Do I need to mention how much Five to One rocks?  I didn't think so.   Especially after hearing the rest of this seamless, trancendant album, that  song will throw you for a loop.  Please buy and enjoy accordingly.
B00001OH82|5.0|There is nothing like it out there believe me the sound on this is so harsh even Pantera fans think this is rough. not for wimps... Bravo David!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot combines pounding drums, screaming vocals, roaring (yes, roaring) guitars, and eerie vibes. This Cd, I must say, is definitely one of the best Cd's I own. My only problem with it is that Corey, the lead singer,  should sing more. I enjoy his screams and all, but if he just sang a little  more, like he does in &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot;, than some of these songs  would kick major ass. Don't get me wrong though, there are some songs on  here that can ONLY have screaming. Without the screaming, it's just not  Slipknot. So, if you want this Cd, buy it. I bought it hoping it would be  good, and it turned out far better than I could have ever expected. Buy it,  and enjoy. Thanks for your time.
B000021Y77|4.0|This fast-paced, innovative and extremely entertaining German film features an inspired techno soundtrack and great use of editing, camera and sound to tell the story of Lola (Franka Potente) who must figure a way to  get 100,000 marks in 20 minutes. This is the excellent premise that shoots  off an extremely clever and modern piece of foreign cinema. Great  performance, great story, kinetic pace, excellent techno soundtrack and  attentive direction make this film and it's filmmaker one of the most  promising things to come out of Germany in the 90's. Highly Recommended.  From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8!
0399128964|5.0|Well, after reading all of the other reviews on Dune it is pretty clear that most people feel that Dune is rightfully one of the classic Sci-Fi pieces.  I agree, as one of the first science fiction books I have ever read it was imaginative, complex, and full of emotion and not that BS  emotion like some SF/Fantasy novels have but a real-life connection to the  Paul and the other characters. (   )
B00000GJ2B|5.0|i just watched this movie and let me tell you, it is a genuine masterpiece. in 100 yrs., people will look at our greatest forms of entertainment, and this will be recognized. it will truly make you feel  more like a human. truly a work of greatness. the only downside,... well, i  thought i had 7 good favorite movies figured out, and this one comes along  and beats out most of them.
0385486804|5.0|I'll make this brief.  I read this book a couple of years agoand it had a great impact on me.  It's definitely one to be shared.  Igot online because I am sending this book to a friend of mine....Five Words: Buy it; buy it now.
B000021Y74|5.0|An adrenalin-charged movie that is sure to spank some new life into world cinema. The story is maybe  Bonnie and Clyde, but retold in a fresh, different, young, hip, exciting, revolutionary way. Heart-pumping music,  kinetic acting, fearless mix of  photography styles, and a triple ending  are guaranteed to leave us both shaken and stirred. Gen-somethings looking  for a quintessential grrrl anti-heroine, need look no further than young  Lola, mostly human, sometimes Toon, whose loyal heart and running stamina  we cheer on even as we bemoan her poor judgment. This one deserves to live  on as an alterna-series. Long run Lola!
0060392584|1.0|I dont really agree with Marilyn Manson, the choices that he made, or even him at all.  I borrowed this book from a friend, and I was surprised at some of the stuff that he said.  I mean, he actually sounded intelligent!   But I still did not like this book, it tells why he is the way he is.  But  if you're really curious; I'll tell you.  He is messed up and you should  not buy this book unless you are messed up as bad as he is.
B00004SVID|5.0|The Wall is (maybe?) the most complex and brilliant album that the rock scene has ever seen. This live recording captures the atmosphere and the essence of Roger Waters' opus magna.<br />The studio album is the one I'd take  to a desert island if I absolutely had to choose. Luckily that's not the  case for most of us, so just buy this one as well. You won't regret it.
6300184080|5.0|This is a very powerful, and compelling movie about a boy with a disfigured face. With excellent performances by Cher, and Eric Stoltz. This movie deserves a good five stars.
0375707972|3.0|Bernhard Schlink provides his readers with an interesting story of an ill boy and a sick woman. He uses sex, love, and war to keep his audience attached and reading. He questions humanity with the stories of the Holocaust and love between a 36 year old woman and a 15 year old boy. By  attaching the audience to Michael, Schlink shows how it is human nature to  forgive the people close to you. I recommend this book if you are looking  for a perspective on how post WWII Germans could forgive their families for  such attrocities.
B00004SVIK|5.0|As if there was any doubt that Is There Anybody Out There? would disappoint, Floyd's first release since P.U.L.S.E. is simply outstanding. The record store opened at 10 a.m.; I was there at 9:45.<br />Everything about  this album is sensational. Sure, a P.U.L.S.E.-esque version of Comfortably  Numb would have been nice, but that's putting the cart 14 years before the  horse. And while there are a few other things I would have loved to have  heard to my particular taste, nothing turned me off.<br />Perhaps the two best  pieces from the masterpiece are &quot;Empty Space/What Shall We Do  Now&quot; and &quot;Run Like Hell.&quot; Finally, a well-produced version  of the former. No more RoIo's with muddled sound and some crazed Worm  screaming obsenities over the music. And Roger's banter at the beginning of  the latter is sensational. It makes my skin craw and it makes me scream  &quot;Hell, yes!&quot; when he surveys the crowd for  &quot;Paranoids.&quot;<br />Even songs that I have adored for years (Nobody  Home, Waiting for the Worms, Goodbye Blue Sky) that you rarely hear on the  radio are near perfection, if not well past it. GBS may be the  best-sounding cut on the album.<br />The entire album hums with attitude,  emotion, cander, anger, passion and verve. If you are a Floyd fan, or even  if you just love to hear a great live show, it would be a disjustice to not  own this exceptional piece of art.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I enjoyed Savage Garden's debut album a lot, but when I first read some of the customer reviews on Amazon.com, I didn't know what to expect of this second album. People were saying that the group sold out and produced a  subpar album. Well, after hearing the first few songs of my friend's copy  of Affirmation, I knew I had to buy this CD. While it's different from the  first album, which was more rock-oriented and had more &quot;bitter&quot;  songs, Affirmation is excellent and is one of my favorite CDs. It has more  of a &quot;pop&quot; sound, but it works well. There are some nice  fast-paced songs such as &quot;Chained to You&quot; and &quot;The Best  Thing,&quot; and some mellower-sounding songs such as &quot;I Knew I Loved  You&quot; and &quot;The Lover after Me&quot; (one of the best songs of the  album). In short, Affirmation is a bit different than the first album  (Savage Garden), but it is an amazing CD by itself and worth a definite  look.
0694003611|5.0|This book is probably the best bedtime book ever.  If read out loud slowly, taking the time to look at the pictures carefully (&quot;Where's Mr. Mouse now?&quot; or what is that picture of a rabbit fishing for, what,  a bunny? with a carrot? - you find out if you also read Runaway Bunny.)it  has an almost hypnotic effect--on adults as well as children.  I have to  admit at first I was baffled by the book (this is the classic that everyone  raves about?), but my daughter and I now love it.  And only Daddy can read  it to her!
B000004756|5.0|i hadn't heard anything about this album before i saw it in the bargain bin at the record store.  two of the greatest jazz guitarists out there and THE flamenco player on one record.  and i wasn't disappointed.  by far the  best collaboration i've ever heard (narrowly nudging out eric, joe, and  steve...sorry guys).  they start ripping it from the beginning and don't  stop.  they're completely in sync the whole album and the arranging is  amazing.  i've seen the book for this thing and it's a bear, don't bother  picking it up, unless you feel like practicing 24 hours a day.  there's  really no way to give this record the review it deserves, you have to hear  it to appreciate it, and appreciate it you will.
0920668372|5.0|I am the author of The Voucher System Behavior Management Program and I recommend this book to all my customers. Love like this is timeless. This book brings me to tears every time I read it to my own children. They are now teens and still treasure it. Every child and parent must experience  this wonderful book!
B000002LQR|5.0|this album is just one of those that you have to own.  there's no way around it.  if you're feeling good it makes you feel better and if you're feeling down it will make you feel even better.  the grooves are great but  if you actually listen to the guitar parts you'll be impressed.  frusciante  is known for playing some awkward chords and this album is full of them.   and you know you can't help smiling out of guilt when you hear &quot;sir  phsyco.&quot;  admit even you most innocent people dig that groove.
B000021XR5|5.0|I get bored of most CD's very quickly, especially if I buy them for only one or two songs that I like.  #4 is a very pleasant suprise.  I love SourGirl (the reason I bought it), but the second half of the CD is even  better.  Very listenable.  This CD is typical STP in a lot of ways, but it  really has some twists of its own.
B000002KHY|5.0|Nothing beats the relaxed singing and guitar of James Taylor.  Perfect for lazy or hazy days, with a warm cup of cocoa or tea, lying on the couch, musing about life.<br />This is one of the first CDs I ever purchased.  I  cherish it among my top 10.  I can't imagine it being possible to not like  James Taylor, and if you can only afford one of his albums, this would be  the one to own.
0671042858|5.0|I've always wondered how anyone could be imaginative enough to write several hundred manuscripts pages on a story, and especially when limiting themselves to the tightness of an almost singular scene.  In particular,  King in MISERY, where the story basically largely takes place in a single  room.  Again, here, he is able to build an entire story around a limited  subject, and scenes.  But then it looks like King can accomplish anything  he sets his mind to--can write in any genre, not just horror.  Along with  writers with similar ability, in particular Dean Koontz and newcomer  Charles Wilson (especially in the case of Wilson's GAME PLAN which is the  best book I've read this year) King's abilities are as good as they get.  Keep it up.
B00003CX95|5.0|I live in Lundin and normally i only like pretentious films like Fargo or anything starring Al Pacino... I really like Michael Mann films too becuase they make me look dead clever. But Braveheart was really good bacuse it had  swords in it. Theyre is a good bit in it whith Mel Gibson (who was in  lethal weapin) and he dresses up as an englishamn and kills loads of bad  guys. I somethimes dress up in English clothes too. very good film but  should have had Danny Glover in it. he could have played Robert Bruce
1573228214|5.0|I'll put this plainly: If you are male, probably between the ages of 25 and 40, then you MUST read this book.  If you aren't, or if you are the partner of a male between the ages of 25 and 40 then you should also read  this book.  In fact, everyone should read this...period.<br />I first read  this book in 1995 and thought I had finally read a book written just about  me - I felt special until I spoke to every other male friend who had read  the book and insisted it had been written about them.  This is a remarkable  achievement and Nick Hornby should be hailed for writting such a universal  book which gets to the heart of each of its readers personal lives.  <br />The  film version doesn't hit UK shores till the summer - I trust it will be OK,  but whatever, it will not change the fact that High Fidelity - the book, is  one of the most important pop-fiction books of the past 10 (or more!)  years.
B000001E2W|5.0|the Best of Anthrax.. &lt;N.F.L.&gt; &lt;I am the low&gt;&lt;Keep it in the familly&gt; thrash  me mad!  but this is not all.. &lt;Bring the Noise&gt; featuring PUBLIC ENEMY!  Good thrash metal live album
B000002INR|5.0|This album is a classic!  It belongs in every serious collection of music.  I sincerely believe you don't have to be into &quot;metal&quot; music to appreciate this album.  Sebastian Bach's voice is incredible, and he brings  the songs on this album to life.  It is easy to see why SKID ROW stood out  in the crowd of fledgling bands that emerged at that time.  The songs don't  sound &quot;all the same&quot; and there's absolutely no &quot;filler&quot;  in this album. You can expect to enjoy every song.  Any fan of Sebastian  Bach's vocals will especially appreciate this album since now, ten years  later, they can listen to his first solo effort and hear him sing five of  the songs from this album again, live, and better than ever.  Add this  album to your collection.  It will be one that you find yourself playing  again and again.  If you like SKID ROW and related bands then you may be  pleasantly surprised to find that many of your favorite bands have released  new material in 1999-early 2000.  Need a memory jog?  Click over to my home  page on Amazon.  I have most of the bands reviewed or at least mentioned.   Are you ready to rock? :o)
055321277X|3.0|The book was a pure twist to the end. It had so many twist and turn that at points it was hard to follow. The parts I did get lead me on a path though the human mind that I have never felt before. It was definently a  shocker the way Dr. Jekell precived his actions and attempted to solve the  problem. Overall I struggled with intrest in it and would only recomend  this book to people with true open minds and can easily precieve fiction.
6303332609|5.0|In the tradition of horror movies like Child's Play that make you fear your child hood, comes Killer Klowns From Outer Space. I have devoted my movie watching life to all sorts of horror movies and I was just recently  able to catch this movie for the first time on SciFi channel. I thought  &quot;Oh god this is gonna be stupid&quot; when I started watching, but  then soon found out how creative and brilliant it is. And it had great FX  for it's times. This is a true B-horror classic.
B000002L9Y|4.0|This 1987 Fleetwood Mac effort,in spite of the critics and their prejudices,is a terrific collection of songs,one of a kind,in terms of power,beauty and inspiration.They don't make it like that anymore!
B000002AH1|5.0|OH MY GOD!  The first time I heard this album, I was speechless.  It still has the same impact on me every time I hear it.  It is jazz, it is funk, it is soul, it is r&amp;b, it is avant-garde, it is blues, it is hip-hop.  But  &quot;Live-Evil&quot; extends far beyond any feeble attempts at  categorization...IT IS MILES!  Every musician should aspire to create music  so enduringly fresh.
B00003CWPR|1.0|Being a lover of the majority of Kubrick's previous outings I was extremely dissapointed by this. The plot and pace would have made a snail embarassed and as for the camera work...are lens glare and reflections  supposed to enhance the movie in some way I don't understand? Call me a  charlatan but I disliked this movie intensely
B00003W8NM|4.0|I had to actually brace myself for this film. I read reviews about it's disturbing content and cynical story about two fellas who form an underground following called the &quot;Fight Club&quot; where men beat the  hell out of each other to psychologically purge themselves from their own  personal issues in life and the fake plastic mask of contentment that the  media wants us to wear as we settle into our Ikea furniture and play with  our computers.  Aside from the typical morbidity of David Fincher, I was  pleased by the originality of the film and the performances of the two  leads. Pitt and Norton are excellent but this film is definitely not for  everyone. Probably not for most people. Judging from the final box office  take of the picture, most people indeed felt the same way.  Nevertheless  it's different, original and visualy impressive. I kind of feel bad I  enjoyed it as much as I did. Should I?
B000002B7M|5.0|This c.d. rocks.  I've been an Ozzy fan for years and his music is always uplifting.  I strongly recommend you get your butt down to your local Sam Goody and get yourself a copy.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I loved Blink 182 from the moment I heard Dude Ranch, and Dammit and Josie are still two of my favorite songs.  When I heard Blink had a new album out i was so excited to go and get it.  I was not disappointed at all!  From  &quot;What's My Age Again&quot; to &quot;The Party Song&quot; I was totally  impressed with this album.  These boys realize that they can be themselves  and still be loved by millions.  By far my favorite song on the album has  to be &quot;Adam's Song&quot; which explores the serious issue of teen  suicide.  I would recommend that everyone buy this album because it is one  of the best out there!
0684833395|1.0|I always wanted to read Catch 22 because it was a famous book (and of course the term was used in a Metallica song). I began reading it three times but after 50 pages or so, I always lost interest. I never could  discover a story and the many dialogues and events are strange, to say the  least. Someone once told me it is a great book after page 100 but I never  got that far. So I can only say: don't even try reading Catch 22', read  '1984' by George Orwell and listen to Metallica.
0553108034|5.0|All of the regular praise aside, I think the reason why I love this series -and we're talking only 2 books in a projected 5 book plus series- above all other fantasy epics is the gritty, realism of warfare and the naturalistic take on the fantasy world.   Don't get me wrong, the Wheel of  Time, Riftwar, Belgariad, Lord of the Rings, I all love.  The strength of  these two books is not only the characters but the overall feeling of a  world that lives and breathes like our own world but still manages to be  fantasy.  Issues of rape, incest, and so on are found in the book when most  fantasy authors are loathe to enter into those topics.  Mr. Martin has his  characters doing acts not typical of most in the genre.  It delves into the  ideas of what defines a hero.  All the characters have deep flaws to  balance their good points, and that is what makes it interesting.   Throughout all the dark points, there seems to be a sense of promise  throughout the book.  Despite all the turmoil going on, you feel that the  author has to have something happy occur soon, you just know it.  It's the  whole &quot;light at the end of the tunnel&quot; thing.  Anyway, that is  one aspect of why it is my favorite fantasy epic.
B000002H6C|5.0|The first four Metallica albums make them by far the best band ever. 'Master of puppets' and '...And justice for all' are simply brilliant. Any band could only wish they ever wrote one song that's as good as  Metallica's. When you want to hear what real music sounds like, listen to  'And justice for all'. They say it sounds like it was recorded in a  restroom, but that never bothered me. It's only a shame that after the  'Black album' they could not hold on to the extremely high level of the  early days.
B000002ADT|5.0|How many albums can top this...<br />The number of five star recommendations says it all... simply the best jazz record ever made. Read the reviews and marvel... essentially live, recorded with minimal rehearsals and quite  timeless.<br />Not only THE jazz album but one of the masterpieces of 20th  century music regardless of form.
630575067X|5.0|I know a lot of people say that this is the worst Star Wars movie yet, George Lucas should have spent more time on character development, blah blah blah.  But I think that Episode I was a very good movie.  Sure Jar-Jar  was annoying and reaked of Roger Rabbit, but once you get past that, you  will see that The Phantom Menace was a very good movie.  As has been  mentioned in other reviews, the lightsaber battles were excellent, the  music superb, the special effects fantastic.  If Episodes II and III are  half as well made, we will all be in for a treat.
B000002I53|5.0|If you think you might like modern jazz, you're into the more improvisational side of rock music, but... you're not too sure where to start then invest in the studio recording of &quot;My Favourite  Things&quot;. Great melodies, with enough reference points to keep pulling  you back on track, coupled with superb improvisations that push you into  areas of more free form jazz without testing your tolerance.<br />Alongside  Miles Davis' &quot;Kind Of Blue&quot;, Horace Silver's &quot;Song For My  Father&quot; and Lee Morgan's &quot;The Sidewinder&quot; - &quot;My  Favourite Things&quot; is a marvellous &quot;jazz primer&quot; and a  timeless piece of controlled improvisation.<br />If you're not impressed then  don't waste your money on trying to find other, more suitable, jazz  tracks... they don't come any better.
6305750750|2.0|This movie is good but it does not live up to the Star Wars standard.  I believe Lucas has become too interested in money instead of quality.  It is an entertaining movie, but should have the Star Wars title on it
B00003CWN2|3.0|This film is totally raw and certainly does not hold back.  I can see why Hilary Swank won the Oscar.  She seemed totally absorbed in the role.  There are some discrepancies in the storyline (particularly the ending),  compared to the actual documentary footage I've seen.  But overall, it was  a gutsy piece of work for newcomer Kimberly Pierce. A good film, but I  certainly wouldn't buy it.
6305718903|2.0|Stylistically, this film is very late 90's.  Color isblue-filtered and the over-all effect is MTV/Rock video-esque, or ifyou perfer, one could use its stills for any number of Vogue magazine fashion ads.  This can be good, I guess, but in a movie length piece it gets more than strained.<br />One set is a virtual similacrum of the Mike Jackson video where he smashes a car in a N.Y. alley--it's the same alley, the same car, the same whipping wind, only a possessed P. Arquette squats atop the derelict car clawing at its sheet-metal. <br />Stigmata is as follows:<br />--a series of pieces stolen from: the excorcist (including hospital scenes where a terrified protagonist is subjected to nasty tests which we know will be useless, levitation, speaking in 'deep' demonic voices, confusion &quot;What's happening to me&quot;, whip marks, virtually everything except: no &quot;help me&quot; on the girl's stomach, and, alas, no green vomit)<br />--MTV 'trendiness': protagonist is pieced and fashionably tattood, navel-ring, et al., works in a (GET THIS): hair salon cum piecing/tattooing parlor.  But what is worst of all in this little setting detail: there is no reason for her to work here, excepting, of course, that it is sooo cool.  If she's so depraved, be a stripper, or a bar-tender, or a punked-out waitress who has a bit of a coke habit. This would actually add a bit of &quot;Depth&quot; and even better &quot;Complication&quot; to an otherwise bland character.  Neat glowy rings and leather pants do not an interesting character make. <br />--excesive use of candles, see the Crow, et al.  Protagonist takes long baths in tub.  This is O.K., what isn't: <br /> 1.  There are at least 20 dozen candles lit around it.  Spooky? No. The movie is as spooky as trendy club.  Actually less, these tend to horrifying prices.  2. the tub is has no curtain and sits in the middle of the room (?).  <br />3.  the room has 20' ceilings and is the size of a warehouse.<br />4.  room has cast iron sky-lights (!).<br />5. remember, protagonist is a hair-dresser in N.Y.  <br />6.  this scene keeps its tone with: A: model shoots B: gothically inspired comercials and music videos C: movies, albeit bad ones. (Candles: they can be evil and holy at the same time--wheee...)<br />--Male priest + female possessie = sexual tension.  Beyond trite.<br />--Big Hollywood finish.  Which not only fails to deliver, it just ain't scary.  Just plain stupid, and hopefully an insult to one's intelligence.<br /> <br />The film has great production values, but again, so do most commercials.  And the film has the feel of a cobbled together series of music videos, Vogue spreads, and T.V. commercials, it's like a resume of the director's past work (one of which looks like an American Express (or that flower company) commercial--the cafe scene where P.A. asks Priest if he misses sex [you see this stupid query comming a mile away...ugh], and when she gets tossed into the flower arrangement you just want to clap and yell with cathartic glee--take that Patricia! [...which I must admit, I did])<br />This movie is at best a stylish, yet conventional pastiche of tired demon/religion/catholic/possession movies.  Worse, it is dull, dull, dull -- except if you can see it in the movies and laugh your head-off at all the right (or wrong) times, i.e., whenever Patricia gets horribly injured.<br />One marginally redeaming virtue: those unfamiliar with the Apocrapha and in particular to the Nag Hammadi codex, otherwise known at the Gospel of Thomas, discovered in Egypt in 1954, I believe, may at least get some exposure to this important find.  But this could also be seen as a horrible pity -- to gain insight into your religion through a very silly movie.  <br />In sum: Writing a review for this one is like writing a review for a twinky.  Those who like Hostess products will eat it anyway, those who don't wont even go near a review of such creme in the first place.  Chances are, if you like this kind of fodder, kudos. There is a lot of this stuff out there; I envy your easily entertained simplicity for you will never have a weekend bereft of a 'great' and/or 'provocative' film.  <br />A great example of &quot;Bad-Film&quot;: (mainly a work of trite mediocrity, dull, banal, perdictable, poorly written, topical--read: trendy and soon to be dated 90's ephemera, and attempting to pass itself off as important or &quot;thought-provoking&quot;, which it may be to those lacking grey-matter above the eye-brows.)
6305342768|2.0|Granted the special effects (Back in 70's here mind you) were spectacular, and still hold true when watched today.   Yet, what exceeds in SFX, it sorely lacks in dialog and at times acting. The film starts off the day  before Christmas in deep space.  On board the insteller ship Palamino, a  crew of 5 are on board along with Vincent, the ships robot.  The ship and  crew are on there way home after a long voyage.  On there way home, Dr Alex  Durant discovers an intense gravatational pull on the ship.  It's coming  from a black hole nearby.  In scanning the hole, they discover a ship  sitting on the event horizon of the black hole.  It is discovered to be the  Cygnus, lost with all hands 20 years ago.  After some quick manuevering,  the Palamino manages to dock with the Cygnus.  To the Palamino's crew  surprise, the ship isn't derilict, but quite active at the hands of Dr.  Hans Reinhardt.  Dr. Reinhardt has been studying the black hole for a good  number of years. .  It is only after a little investigation, that the crew  of the Palmino discover something much more sinister to Dr. Reinhardt's  plans.  Dr. Reinhardt on the other hand, has strong desires to use the crew  of the Palamino to finally complete his study of the black hole by  traveling through the hole. The story for The Black Hole would be perfect  for a remake.  A background story would have been perfect for the existing  film, as very little information is given to the type of universe the story  takes place in i.e.; technology, culture, how the future is  portrayed...etc. All in all, not a terribly bad film.
6304994540|5.0|Sam Elliot's portrayal of the bemused Stranger in a ten-gallon hat hovers over The Big Lebowski with a twinkle in its eye. The Los Angeles he comes to visit has fallen far from the American ideal he represents. The grace of  this film is that in the hands of the Coen brothers the disparity between  the venality of real America and the mythic cowboy credo we still delude  ourselves with can be played for its humanity as well as for laughs.<br />Only  distorted and nightmarish echoes remain of the upright, plain speaking  loner who rides through the West of our imagination, guided by principles  as invariant as the stars that keep him company. The stars still shine for  Jeff Lebowski, commonly known as The Dude, but they are the stars of the  Hollywood Lanes. League bowling is one of the few organizing principles he  has left. Another is the Persian rug on the living room floor of his ratty  bachelor apartment.  \\"It tied the room together.\\"  When intruders urinate  on that rug, mistaking him for another Jeff Lebowski that owes their boss  money, The Big Lebowski sets off into the desert of American morality,  circa 1991.  <br />There are still cowboys; George Bush squares off against  Saddam Hussein, but we all know he's really defending US commerce. Walter  Sobchak, The Dude's sidekick and a Vietnam veteran who will not leave the  war behind, compulsively defends the moral code of TV westerns against all  comers, but is unable to stop himself from trampling all over those values  in the process. One of Walter's heroes, the screenwriter for the bulk of  the Branded series, lies comatose in an iron lung having fathered little  Larry, an illiterate cold-eyed car thief of eleven. Even the Big Lebowski,  a civic leader who lost the use of his legs during the Korean War, obtained  his wealth and power only by marrying a rich wife. The Dude gave up his  pretensions to standing up for anything, softening his fall from 60's left  wing political activism with a steady haze ofmarijuana smoke and White  Russians. But he alone retains any empathic vestige of cowboy  gallantry.<br />For all of Walter's blandishments he and the other characters  can look no further than their own self-interest. John Goodman's Walter  leaps to the attack not so much to stick up for his buddies as to stave off  a sense of nihilistic dread, \\"Say what you want about National Socialism;  at least it was an ethos!\\" In the world of The Big Lebowski \\"ethos\\" has  become a personal affair. It is an existence shrunk to a vicious circle of  lost faith leading to selfish defensiveness. Multiplied by the population  this retrenchment has created a cacophony of conflicting personal visions  where the old social contracts are no longer respected.  The expected link  between moral cause and effect is subject to derailment at any time and  without notice. Even Jesus does not save. He is just another bowler, a  gleefully vicious psychopathic sex offender, teamed up with a stolid  whitebread partner who is undoubtedly a conservative pillar of his Baptist  Church. John Turturro's Jesus gives new meaning to \\"Suffer the little  children to come unto me\\".  <br />In the resulting cultural chaos the urge to  create some means of personal salvation intensifies, and devil take the  hindmost. Walter's shell is his deranged homage to the Western hero. For  the Big Lebowski it is championing the cause of Horatio Alger through  sponsorship of the Lebowski Little Achievers. His daughter, Maude, finds  her solace in the bosom of avant garde \\"vaginal art\\". Only Jeff Bridges as  The Dude, fortified by substance abuse, is able to keep his eyes open and  accept the world on its own terms.<br />He may be stoned, drunk, lazy, and  aimless, but he is, in the Stranger's terms, \\"the man for his time\\", a  master cowboy who rides serenely off into the sunset strumming his guitar  to an audience of cactus and coyotes. In The Dude's world, our world,  ambition and achievement are all too often defensivedodges. The Stranger  and The Dude know that after all is said and done he who dies with the most  toys or the best story. . . dies. And in the process of achieving or trying  to force reality to conform to any given storyline violence is too easily  done to those who fall within its shadow.  The Dude doesn't have any  answers, but he doesn't want to contribute to the problem.<br />In such a  seemingly acausal world nihilism, the belief in nothing, must pop up. It  does in the form of three avowed German Nihilists bent on scoring a ransom  for the Big Lebowski's errant and allegedly kidnapped wife, Bunny. But even  as The Dude and Walter discuss their response to the kidnappers' demands it  is clear that these nihilists are poseurs; they believe they will get money  by terrorizing the Big Lebowski and his bagman, The Dude. As Walter freaks  out over the nihilistic menace he is sitting comfortably next to a man who  comes closer to real nihilism than any he is ever likely to meet.  <br />The  Coen in The Big Lebowski is that The Dude cares. He has no schemes; his  moments are their own reward. He and the world he inhabits may be a twisted  caricature of how human life should be, but it is enough as it is. The  Stranger, angel emissary of a reality that never existed, respects that.
B000002KJK|5.0|Tremendous Album! One of Rod Stewarts best. Just a memorable group of songs that will endure time. Great rock with a hint of tinderness.
B000001FS3|5.0|Most people have their own reasons for owning or wanting to own certain records.Some of these are personal- in my case this record was the soundtrack to my teenage years, a kind of aural lexicon of growing up. But  The Joshua Tree SHOULD be one of the records in your collection for the  following , non-personal reasons too;<br />1) It is one of the very very few  rock records ever made which manages to be extraordinarily uplifting and  makes you feel 1000 times better when you are down without ever resorting  to superficial, lightweight &quot;poppiness&quot;.Its a bit like getting  the same feeling as a tub of chocolate chip ice cream from a bowl of  lentils.<br />2)It has 2 of the best thumping rock songs ever written in  &quot;Where the Streets Have no Name&quot; and  &quot;I Still Haven't Found  What I'm Looking For&quot;<br />3)It contains one of the most beautifully  evocative laments ever committed to record in &quot;One Tree  Hill&quot;<br />4)It contains the best rock song ever written (work it out for  yourself...its the one where Bruce Springsteen meets Bob Dylan at the  Baptist Church choir practise session)<br />5)There just aren't any songs on  it that are less than brilliant. It is the sort of album which you can't  imagine anyone ever sitting down and writing, the songs sound like they  have always existed within you..it just needed someone to bring them  out<br />6)It is the stomping, rocking masculine counterpoint to the  dark,sensual complex and feminine &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; ( also a  fabulous album )<br />Those are my six best reasons.I could write more, but I  won't. Buy it and find out for yourself...
B000003N8R|4.0|i don't know much if anything about music in general or jazz in particular, but i think this album is pretty good.  each song is a musical story.<br />i've listened to it about 20-30 plus times now, most frequently at  night when i am going to sleep.  i usually skip the first song  &quot;crescent&quot; and go straight to my favorite tune &quot;wise  one&quot;.  its very dreamy - a musical marshmallow.  the song after that,  &quot;bessie's blues&quot;, is a good followup because its more upbeat and  happy.   i also like &quot;the drum thing&quot;.  elvin jones is very  impressive.  i even got one of his &quot;solo&quot; albums.<br />one thing i  don't really like is that the saxophone is mixed mostly in the left side,  so when i listen with headphones sometimes it hurts my left ear with the  more screeching notes he hits.<br />i guess, if your a person like me who  knows nothing about jazz, and you want to sample john  coltrane, this is a  good album to get.
B00004SVID|4.0|As someone who prefers the pre-WALL Pink Floyd to what has come during and after the Wall LPs, I have to say it was interesting to listen to this piece again, only live.  It is obviously a well-rehearsed and planned out  piece, with very little left for the improvisational capabilities of Pink  Floyd, which was, at one time, very great, though not to where other bands  such as the Grateful Dead excelled.  However, the sheer force of the story  line carried well in the live setting, and Roger asking &quot;Is there  anybody WEAK in the audience tonight&quot; is priceless.<br />Basically, I  think if you enjoyed the Wall when it came out, you will enjoy this pieced  together performance of it, it has just that much extra above the studio  CDs to make it worthwhile.  However, if you are entrenched in the Pink  Floyd of early years, you will find this as dissapointing, if not moreso,  than you might have the Wall when it came out...
B000002MY3|5.0|This album has it all.  Alanis expresses herself with deep and inspiring passion.  Her unique vocal techniques set her apart; from the anger of a woman rejected on &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; to the hard hitting honesty  of &quot;Right Through You&quot; and &quot;You Learn&quot;, Alanis  Morisette sings to us all.
0385474547|4.0|Well everyone, from a socio-cultural standpoint, the book is quite worth reading. It is by no means a book that I would choose to read on a recreational basis. The diction is dignified yet simple and the book can be  read in a day. The novel is a critical account of British colonialism  inflicted upon an African tribe. It is fascinating and evokes solemn  emotion. Things Fall Apart is used to broaden knowledge, an extremely  important component of modern African Literature. Perhaps it is profound,  read to find out.
B000002U82|5.0|Every single song on this album is ingenious. I'm serious, this is the first CD I've ever listened to that I can listen through the ENTIRE album and not skip a track. That means to me that this is one hell of a good  album. If you haven't gotten it yet, you are missing out on music at its  best.
B000003N89|5.0|Heard this lady on stage at the Montreal Jazz Festival.  She captured the hearts of everyone there with her power and grace behind the piano.  Her voice and style would make all the great jazz composers rise up and cheer.  A must buy!
B0000024Z7|3.0|I'm not sure what I really think of Santana.  I am a complete nut for 1 and 3 and to a lesser extent Abraxas.  With the latin rythmms, Santana's influental guitar playing, and some of the best sounding percussion you  will ever hear, those albums blew me away.  I'm not a fan of just the  commercial stuff either, my favorite tracks are those that never made air  (Jungle Strut,Touissaint L' Overture, Sama Pa Ti, Soul Sacrafice,  etc.)<br />But then came Carnavaserai.  Call me too shallow to not get  Carlos's deep spiritual message behind this album if you will, I respect  him for him beliefs.  I love an experiment too, but it seemed like from  this album the whole rest of Carlos' career was an experiment... and why  throw something away that clicked like it did?  (then again maybe that was  Gregg Rollie's fault)<br />Anyway this was the last and the worst of the  albums from the original group in my opinion.  First of all if you are  looking for the infectous hard latin beats that the first three albums  brought you might want to look elsewhere.  The CD is full of soft melodys  leaning towards hard jazz, and some on the tone of bizarre &quot;Enternal  Caravan of Reincarnation&quot; where forest noises and wind instruments fit  the bill.  There are a few tracks that break the mold however, &quot;Look  Up to See What's Coming Down&quot; sounds like Parliment Funkadelic.  &quot;Waves Within&quot; breaks the mold simply because it sounds like old  Santana, a good percussion beat throughout the song.  My Favorite song on  this CD is &quot;Song of the Wind&quot; which just blows me away everytime  I listen to it.  It's kind of mellow like the rest of the album, but its  got the kind of rythmm that makes you want to get in the groove to listen  to it.. something most of the others lack. I also like Stone Flower, which  would really stand out if Carlos didn't try to sing during it.  <br />This  just isin't the Santana I like, it seems like a whole different group to  me.  From hard latin beats, and songs that made you want to get out of your  seat and rock. To a soft kind of Jazz/Funk.. It just seems like Santana  changed dramatically.  <br />However this is still GOOD music.  If you are in  a mood to sit down put on a pair of headphones and space out this is great  stuff.  Simply put, it's still Carlos Santana.
6305750750|5.0|I was skeptical from the beginning, convinced that Mr. Lucas could only mess this one up. I was very wrong and pleasantly surprised at the quality of the movie and talent behind it. The f/x are spectacular(and this is  coming from someone who is NOT easily impressed by such things) and I  actually found some of the acting to be very strong and very deeply felt,  especially in Liam Neeson's case, who gives the performance of a lifetime,  and Natalie Portman, who manages to be strong and intelligent and beautiful  and willful and funny all at the same time. It's genuinly well written,  exciting and slow paced, just like the other three movies. I grew up with  Star Wars, it's been in my life, thanks to my sis and brother, since the  day I was born, and I tell you with that perspective that this is a great  movie. Is it 'Empire'? No, but not many things are. Is it better than  'Jedi', either one of the worst 'greatest movies' or best bad movie of all  time? You better believe it. And if you view it with an open mind, you'll  enjoy it very much.
B00000J7J4|2.0|How much more can be said about this CD?  Me being a huge Santana fan and all.....<br />I CAN NOT STAND THIS CD!  Alright that was definatly a little harsh.  First of all I am glad Carlos won so many grammys what was it 8?  I'll take those 8 give 2 a peice to &quot;Santana&quot; through  &quot;Caravanserai&quot; that seems fair... because this did not deserve a  grammy.  At least not in the terms that his albums from the 70's didn't get  their just do.<br />For those of you looking to go out and buy more Santana  after getting drawn in by the pop tracks of this album... let me clue you  in.. this is NOT Santana.<br />This is a compilation of an Everlast song,a  Dave Matthews song, a Matchbox 20 song, a Eric Clapton worthless gutiar  solo mixed in with a church orchestra (OH JOY!), a Eagle Eye Cherry song, a  Lauryn Hill song, a Ghetto and Blues(?) song, and a Mana song.  The entire  CD is infected with the ideals of a bunch of god awful pop artists who only  USED Carlos to get a guitar track down.  I'm suprised he got a mention on  his own album.  Carlos does get 4 or 5 tracks to use how he likes (GOD  BLESS YOU UNCLE CLIVE!)  but somewhat wastes them on unmotivated playing.   The hidden &quot;Freedom&quot; track is always nice though I've heard it  before.<br />The whole album is put out there to make money by throwing a  bunch of stars together with Carlos before he lost his appeal.  This is the  master plan of Clive Davis.  Now no matter what Carlos says about Clive, I  refuse to belive Carlos Santana wants to be playing pop music.  If Carlos  Santana was in the buisness for fame he wouldn't have thrown away the  public appeal of the Santana band in 1972 when he made the spiritual  recording &quot;Caravanserai&quot;.  Nor would he have played with John  McGlaughlin in the 80's.  One of the main reasons I like Carlos is because  he always had a reason, a motivation to be playing.  If Carlos Santana  wanted to make a spiritual record he would put his heart and soulinto it,  and if you liked it great, if not fine it was all about what Carlos wanted  anyway.  I just feel this wasn't his choice, he was thrown into a pop album  just to make him marketable again, and it comes through on his  uninspirational playing.  <br />Oh well gripes aside.  The instrumental  &quot;Santana&quot; tracks are ok.  Everlast's song is my favorite on the  album, its deep and has a good message. The Dave Matthews track is just  another stupid love song I can do without.  Rob Thomas' song is a song I  never want to hear again.  Lauryn Hill's is ok I guess, but this is Carlos  Santana ...playing a rap song? That Maria Maria song is a rap song that  wishes it had the heart to be a soul song, Carlos isin't even needed on the  song.. he plays a couple drowned out solos throughout the song.  The Eagle  Eye Cherry track &quot;Wishing It Was&quot; is not as good as &quot;Put  Your Lights On&quot; but certainly a step above the other pop tracks.  And  the Clapton song is tres disapointing.  <br />Overall its a average CD as far  as modern day music goes and I guess it fits right in.  But for Santana  this is his worst, and Santana tried a lot of things. <br />If you are a a new  fan of Santana because of this album and are looking for more.. there is  none.  If you are a fan of the REAL Santana and are thinking about picking  this up please pass it up.
6302686466|2.0|Basic Instinct is a very funny movie, though I suspect Eszterhas and Verhoeven may not have intended it to be.  The dialog is silly, the plot ridiculous and the sex scenes a riot.  Still, because this is one of the  best bad movies ever made, I recommend you see it at least once!  I have  not seen the director's cut and may check it out just to see what I have  been missing.
0385495315|5.0|If you are interested even a little in theories of numbers and patterns, yet love a good read, this book will keep you on the edge of your seat!  It reads almost like a novel where the reader sits back and watches the life  and times of ciphering unfold before his eyes!
0800129806|3.0|First Knight is an exciting, interesting movie, and yet one of the dullest things Camelot has seen in a long time.  It tells the story of Lancelot, a brave, young man who has a passion for adventure.  While in the forest one  day, he stumbles across an attack, and something else.  He finds the Lady  Gwenyvere, who is engaged to be married to King Arthur of Camelot.  Lancelot and the Lady fall in love, but Gwenyvere will not admit it.  After  all, she is a soon-to-be queen,  and engaged to a very powerful man.  The  film becomes one of both internal and external conflict. Camelot is  fighting the evil Prince Malagant while Arthur battles with the fact that  his queen is in love with a knight.  I think this movie was both good and  bad.  The plot was very exciting, and I actually enjoyed watching this  film.  While Sean Connery played a wonderful King Arthur, Richard Gere  wasn't quite fit for the role of Lancelot.  I also noticed several flaws in  the editing of this film. For example, in the final battle for Camelot,  Lancelot picks up the same exact sword twice.  In viewing a film, this sort  of thing gets on my nerves.  But don't get me wrong.  First Knight is an  entertaining film, and I encourage everyone to see it.  It's really too bad  that a great film had to be overshadowed by faulty editing and Richard  Gere's odd acting.
B00000BKE0|1.0|Im a Maiden fan. Not a stupid one, admiring the musicians, thinking they are Gods, but admiring their metal music, their freedom of compositions, their charismatic live performance. So, when I bought this album, I felt  betrayed. And it was only the first of a sucession of decisions taken by  the band, that would leave fans astonished in times to come... Ok, Adrian  Smith had left the band. It was a sad blow, but who could ever assume that  the replacement, Janick Gers, would be so bad? With his acceptance, gone  were the great duo guitar-solos, gone wer the carefully constructed solos  that Smith used to compose. Then, Steve Harris assumed production. WHo  could have guessed that him, the father of Maiden, would screw up the  production, making a raw album sounding like a garage recording? Then, the  songs. Horrrible, uninspired. &quot;BRING YOUR DAUGHTER..&quot; is  disgusting, &quot;HOOKS IN YOU&quot; is a sad reminiscence of what Bruce  and ADrian intended to lead Maiden. After this album, another bad suprises  to fans, like horrible singer Blaze Bayley and the awful albuns  &quot;X-FACTOR&quot; and &quot;VITUAL ELEVEN&quot;. Well, skip this one.
B00004S6GL|5.0|This is, plain and simple, a fantastic album.  A lot of people are complaining because it's &quot;overproduced&quot;, which I don't find to be the case at all.  It's produced more, but that doesn't mean it's produced  too much.  That's like saying Abbey Road is the worst Beatles album because  it has too much production.  The songs here are all gorgeous, and to be  honest, it I was asked my top five off this album I really wouldn't be able  to give them cause I like them all so much.  This album is definetely a  grower.  Although I realized it was fantastic the first time I heard it,  with each subsequent hearing, it has become much more like a whole.  I  honestly can't imagine, with songs like Son of Sam, Somebody I Used to  Know, Junk Bond Trader, Everything Reminds Me of Her, Everything Means  Nothing To Me (....read rest of album titles), how anyone can see this  album as &quot;below-par&quot;.  I would and do recommend this album to  anyone who comes across this site.  This album IS different than Roman  Candle, Elliott Smith, Either/OR, and XO, it is in NO WAY WHATSOEVER a bad  change.  It is a step foward.  This may well be his best album up to this  date (and I have a  HUGE affinity for XO).  So, please please please don't  let the people here who feel that this is &quot;definetly not Elliott's  best&quot; sway you, because it just may be.
B00000BKE1|1.0|How can someone say this CD is great? Is he a real Maiden fan? Any reasonable Maiden fan (although fans are not reasonable, normally!) know this CD sucks. Lets see why. First of all, of the 12 songs included, five  of them are totally horrible, disgusting, just fillers: &quot;FROM HERE TO  ETERNITY&quot; (a copy from Maidens &quot;HOLY SMOKE&quot;), &quot;FEAR IS  THE KEY&quot;, &quot;WASTED LOVE&quot;, &quot;THE APPARITION&quot; (the  worst Maiden song ever! )and &quot;WEEKEND WARRIOR&quot;. ANother two,  &quot;CHAINS OF MISERY&quot; and &quot;JUDAS MY GUIDE&quot; are only  tolerable. It leaves us with only 5 songs in accord with Maidens  standards. The second factor is, once again, the presence aboard of  guitarrist Jannick Gers, a totally uncapable guitar player, in the sense of  having no technical virtues at all,incapable of making a decent  guitar-solo. The result, of course, was disastrous. Steve knows that; Dave  Murray knows that; Nicko knows that.The proof that they know: after an  experience with singer Blaze Bayley, they borught back Dickinson and  guitarrist Adrian Smith. And some people give it 5-stars... Unbeliavable!
B0000000LI|5.0|If you think that your country is all the world, please don't by this CD... but if you want to learn about the Universal Language, this is the first step...
B00000K2SC|4.0|The Matrix is a thought-provoking, innovative film that causes its audience to question what is truly real around them.  Keanu Reeves, who plays an introverted computer software programmer/hacker, is thrown into a  world where he is shown that the world in which he has lived his whole life  is nothing more than a bunch of &quot;ones and zeros&quot;, or binary  digits compiled by evil agents to create a program that is our world.  This  film was very well done, with amazing special effects.  It includes many  technological wonders, such as interactive virtual reality programs,  telephones that connect two worlds, and programs that can be downloaded  into one's memory.  A real thriller and must-see.
B00004SVIK|1.0|Leave it to stuck in the 70's stoner Pink Floyd fans to get excited about a live album that's nearly 20 years old. One word can sum up my review of this album &quot;BORING&quot;!. Anyway, if you really want to dwell in nostalgia at least get it free like i did, just download the mp3's... ;-)
B00000K2SC|4.0|The Matrix is a thought-provoking, innovative film that causes its audience to question what is truly real around them.  Keanu Reeves, who plays an introverted computer software programmer/hacker, is thrown into a  world where he is shown that the world in which he has lived his whole life  is nothing more than a bunch of &quot;ones and zeros&quot;, or binary  digits compiled by evil agents to create a program that is our world.  This  film was very well done, with amazing special effects.  It includes many  technological wonders, such as interactive virtual reality programs,  telephones that connect two worlds, and programs that can be downloaded  into one's memory.  A real thriller and must-see.
B000006NPY|5.0|What a surprise.  It's funny how a couple of years can put things in perspective.  I didn't really become a pumpkins fan until somewhere between mellon collie and this album, so when it came out, I, like a lot of people,  was excited to hear what the bound sounded like without Jimmy Chamberlain.   But when I heard Adore, I was taken aback.  It sounded totally pretentious,  totally boring.  Half of the album uses a drum machine, for crying out  loud!  The Smashing Pumpkins!<br />But the recent release of Machina sort of  put things in perspective for me.  In a sense, the two albums are different  sides of the same coin, and together they become something pretty unlike  anything I've ever heard before, but still pretty much the Pumpkins.  I  think I remember hearing that this was intended all along, but the band  kinda downplayed it this time out because of Adore's slower sales.  You can  hear it in the synths and new-wavy effects that sort of drift in and out of  the songs on both albums.  And the approach to songwriting on this album:   very much like Machina.  Of course Machina is louder and the  &quot;rock&quot; of the two, but I don't think you can do better than the  melodies of Adore.  <br />As with all Pumpkins albums, you get the feeling  that if you could cut the fat, you'd have a perfect record.  This is true  of everything post-Siamese Dream I believe.  But it's worth wading through  Billy's Ego to hear this stuff, and besides, it's at its low point on this  album.  I know that years from now, people will realize what a great CD  this was; it just kinda sucks that no one does today.
0780624890|4.0|This was a great action/horror film, packed with some excellent special effects, an entertaining storyline, and at least a couple of reasonably talented actors (Snipes, Dorff).  Kristofferson is terrible as always (a  hint to you casting people... Sam Elliott would have been MUCH better as  the tough and gritty Whistler).<br />But you're not really reading this review  to hear about the movie -- you can get that kind of info anywhere.  What  you want to know is &quot;Is the DVD worth buying instead of a VHS  tape?&quot;  Weeeellll...<br />This movie is undoubtedly THE showcase movie  for DVD (the Mummy is another very good choice).  The picture quality is  fantastic, and the sound is incredible (you gotta listen to it in Dolby  Digital 5.1 on a nice home theater system to fully appreciate the sound).   But what really sets this format apart from anything else are the SPECIAL  FEATURES.  A ton of things like information about the different Vampire  houses, commentary from the director on the making of the film, and an  alternative ending, really show how the DVD format can add to your viewing  experience.  Many DVDs (too many, in fact) are simply direct transfers from  another format to DVD.  No extras, limited enhancements on picture and  sound...  A perfect example of a BAD DVD is Highlander!<br />    The DVD  versions of the Bond movies have also shown the industry a thing or two  about how to make a truly interesting and worthwhile DVD movie.  DVDs like  Blade make me happy I purchased a DVD player!
B000002LQR|5.0|I still can't believe it is nine years since the Peppers put it out! I am only a few years older than nine years, and still this album is in with todays styles. Just ask anyone in seventh grade!
B000002LCE|5.0|GOD DIO RULES!  If I lived to be a thousand years old I could still never stress that enough. The undisputed King of Rock and Roll. :)
B000006E4C|5.0|Minimulist music is impossible to explain to someone who doesn't understand it or appreciate it.  It's not about repetition.  If you've ever heard a Philip Glass piece, you'll know what I mean.  But, unlike Glass,  Reich takes the music to another level of juxtaposed chords and melodies.   His ground-breaking work, Music For 18 Musicians, has broken the mold of  standardized chords and harmonies to create a living, breathing work of  art.  Perhaps that would be the best way to describe it.  His music is not  music, in the larger sense of the word.  It is art.  Think of  Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel paintings as a piece of music, and you'll get  the idea.  But, don't think Mozart or Bach.  It's not standard, melodic  notes that can be played as a tune in your head.  It's a complex structure  of subtly balanced tones, in this case, each note falling into place while  added to another.  It's a difficult piece to listen to, certainly not  something you can put on your player and not think about.  Add that to the  fact that it's an hour-long continual piece of music.  But, this is its  magnificence.  It's a compelling, vibrant, powerful work of astonishing  mastery.  I can only imagine how difficult it must have been for the  musicians to play such a complicated piece.  It's remarkable.  Be sure to  get it on CD, as opposed to cassette.  The cassette version divides the  piece between sides.  Plus, the CD sound quality is infinitely better for  this piece.  If you like this one, you must also try Violin Phase/Octet by  Reich.
6300215954|1.0|I got to rent this movie (for free, thankfully) a few days ago. This has to be the most boring John Wayne movie I've ever seen, and I've seen many! There's no plot, so for over two hours not much happens. Red Buttons is a  typically unfunny early 60's comic and just gets worse as the movie drags  on. The accents of the international cast are distracting and some are  unbelivable. John Wayne was just to old to play the romantic leading man  part and it shows in this movie. Half of the scenes in Hatari could've been  cut out and nothing would be missed. Watch this on TV if your dying to see  it but don't spend any money buying or renting it!
1878424114|1.0|Yes what deepak says is probably good.....but how about making it less complicated then it really is?   I find the text hypocritical in parts especially when knowing how much Deepak's treatment centres and seminars  cost.
B00000JG41|5.0|I love the first album, and Disco Volante, but California is definitely their best yet.  You can tell that they have really jelled as musicians, and this is their most mature album to date.  Why would they make another  Disco Volante?  They already made that album.  The great thing about these  guys is that they are always throwing something new at you, from song to  song, and from album to album.  The compositions in these songs are  absolutely nuts!  There isn't a style of music that these guys can't do.   They mix it all together brilliantly, and add their own distinct flavor to  it.  If you listen to the musicianship on this album, plus the complex  arrangements, you will be blown away.  However, the greatest thing about  California, is that it all works together so well that it always seems to  make sense(how they do that I'll never know). Plus the songs are so damn  catchy.  This album belongs in everyone's collection, it is one of a kind.   Any old Bungle fans who don't get this album, have obviously not matured  musically along with the band.  I, for one would not want them writing  songs like &quot;Girls of Porn&quot; anymore.  They have moved past that  era, and while I still dig those songs, they don't really pack the punch  that the newer material does.  This is one of the very few bands that  really gets better with age.  In an age where most bands get boring and  predictable as they get older, it is really refreshing to find one that  always challenges their listeners and never fall into a boring, predictable  rut.   This album gets my absolute highest recommendation.
6305426651|5.0|The only version of this film that local video stores carry is the dubbed version. I've seen this once in the theatre (in Italian w/ subtitles). That's the only way to see it. Don't ruin the film by buying the dubbed  version. After 10 minutes, you don't even mind the subtitles.
0395645662|5.0|When I read this the first time in grade school I loved every word in it!  It really let my imagination fly as I pictured how life would be in a completely controlled &quot;utopian&quot; society.  I found the ending extremely profound and even CRIED!   When I read Brave New World in high  school I couldn't help but make comparisons.  Though it has been a while  since I last read The Giver I can't help but to recommend this truly  AWESOME book.
0345350499|5.0|Wow.  What a wonderful book.  And to think it was sitting on my bookshelf for at least 5 years before I picked it up.  It's a delightfuly different side from the more popular tellings of King Arthur.  M.Z. Bradley examines  several religions, and with respect and detail.  I loved it, and I can't  wait to read it again!
B00004S6GL|5.0|This album does takes a little time to get used to.  Some of the songs like 'stupidity tries' and 'junk bond trader' are songs that you can't really listen to enough right from the get go, while other songs do take a  little more time to chew up and ingest.  However, these songs become  addictive too.<br />This album is not XO or Either/Or and wasn't intended to  be.  Elliott is exploring a gift he has.  And I don't blame him one  bit.<br />This album is worth purchasing (especially knowing that Elliott  arranged the music for the &quot;overproduced&quot; orchestra).<br />8 May in  Atlanta @ the variety playhouse.<br />By the way, whose leg is on the back of  the cover?
0783240503|2.0|I was very excited as many of my fellow reviewrs for the debut of Joesph on home DVD.  However, the movie was not to my liking.  It took away from the great play it was and it left me shaking my head.  It has been  dramatically changed from its stage version and its been made way to  &quot;children-y&quot; and cartoony.  I wasn't sure I was was watching  Barney or a beloved play during this DVD.  Friedman was awful, I couldn't  stand her by the end of the movie.  The brothers were good but I've seen  better acting in a high school play for those parts.  A lot of the songs  were changed and the movie lost all the magic the original joseph had.  The  Proprieter scene was god-awful.  Osmond was good, however, and I give 2  stars for his performance and the play itself because it really is a  masterpiece.  If you have a slight intrest in Joseph or live in a small  town where the play will never come to you, buy this video to experience  part of Joseph.  I hope somebody re-makes this DVD sometime in the future  for other generations to fully enjoy.
0792837614|3.0|It's really not all that bad, but I wouldn't rate it among one of the best musicals. The reason anyone should see this is because Marni Nixon dubs Natalie Wood, and also because of Rita Moreno, who gives a charming  performance as usual...
B000002MY3|5.0|I am 11 years old and I love this album I have never heard any other artst put so much feeling into 1 album as Alanis.  My Best friend and I both love the song &quot;Ironic&quot; it has been a favorite of ours since it came out and we listen to it all the time.  Most of my friends love her music  also.  She is awsome I love the song &quot;Perfect&quot; Some times that is  how I feel beacause my parents sometimes push me to do things that I don't  want to do aand she put's more feeling ionto that song than the others I  thnk
6304178352|5.0|To all those who keep saying that Julie Andrews should have had the role of Eliza Doolittle and not Audrey Hepburn, SHUT UP! Audrey Hepburn was born to play the part...Julie Andrew's portrayal of Eliza was very hammy and  wooden and artifical, unlike Audrey Hepburn who is so natural and so  effective. Plus, Marni Nixon can sing a hundred times better than Andrews  can. And in any case, Audrey Hepburn is a much better actress and Marni  Nixon is a much better singer than that British Chick who calls herself  Julie Andrews(I can't stand her. Plus, she is so ugly)
B00000AFDW|4.0|PSYCHO CIRCUS has been much maligned by both crtics and fans.  It has also been praised by both; believe it or not both ROLLING STONE and ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY gave the album good reviews (I guess hell must really  have frozen over!).  The truth is that this is a solid Hard Rock album with  a couple of great songs.  Album opener &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; easily  qualifies as a KISS classic.  Both catchy and powerful, it is the perfect  updating of their 70's style.  &quot;Within&quot; is a dark, dynamic song  from GENE who attempts to put a 90's spin on &quot;God Of Thunder,&quot;  with fairly successful results.  &quot;I Pledge Allegiance...&quot; is one  of those &quot;good, but not as good as it should have been&quot; songs.  You hear some good ideas, and it is fairly catchy, but Paul's choice of  working with co-writer Holly Knight sabotages any chance the song had of  being a classic.  Ace Frehley makes his one songwriting contribution with  &quot;Into The Void,&quot; easily one of the best songs he has co-written  in 20 years, and one of the 3 new KISS classics on the album.  &quot;We Are  One,&quot; is a good pop tune, with a very nice sentiment, but should not  have been included on an album already overloaded with &quot;pop&quot;  songs.  &quot;You Wanted The Best,&quot; on the other hand, is the third of  the new KISS classics on the album.  With a grinding riff over a  &quot;Ballroom Blitz,&quot; or &quot;Kickstart My Heart&quot; type drum  part, it sounds the most like KISS from the 70's out of all the songs on  PSYCHO CIRCUS.  Paul Stanley makes one of his best &quot;Pop-Metal&quot;  contributions ever with &quot;Raise Your Glasses,&quot; one of the most  infectiously catchy songs of the last 10 years, not just from KISS, but  from anyone.  The real letdown is the ballad &quot;I Finally Found My  Way,&quot; which was written by Paul and former KISS, Alice Cooper, and  Pink Floyd producer Bob Ezrin.  It is a truly mediocre entry in an already  mediocre genre - the Rock Ballad.  Things pick up a little with Paul's  &quot;Dreamin,&quot; which, yes, is very similar to Alice Cooper's  &quot;I'm Eighteen.&quot;  It also has significant differences from that  song, and stands up on its own as a moody, dynamic track co-written by  former KISS guitarist Bruce Kulick.  The American version of the album ends  with &quot;Journey Of 1,000 Years,&quot; a song which would have been very  much at home on Gene's solo album from 1978.  Not a particularly heavy or  &quot;Rockin&quot; song, it is an above average &quot;filler&quot; track.  The Japanese version ends with a song written by Gene for Ace to sing,  called &quot;In Your Face.&quot;  &quot;I.Y.F.&quot; is a truly uninspired  song, which if you look up the word 'mediocre' in the dictionary, I belive  it is listed as the newest definition (5. listen to &quot;In Your  Face&quot; by KISS).  But the truth is with so much solid material, and 3  new classics, PSYCHO CIRCUS is definitely worth buying for any KISS fan.  Both the die-hards and the casual fans alike will enjoy this one if they  give it a chance.enre - the Rock Ballad.  Things pick up a little with Paul's  &quot;Dreamin,&quot; which, yes, is very similar to Alice Cooper's  &quot;I'm Eighteen.&quot;  It also has significant differences from that  song, and stands up on its own as a moody, dynamic track co-written by  former KISS guitarist Bruce Kulick.  The American version of the album ends  with &quot;Journey Of 1,000 Years,&quot; a song which would have been very  much at home on Gene's solo album from 1978.  Not a particularly heavy or  &quot;Rockin&quot; song, it is an above average &quot;filler&quot; track.   The Japanese version ends with a song written by Gene for Ace to sing,  called &quot;In Your Face.&quot;  &quot;I.Y.F.&quot; is a truly uninspired  song, which if you look up the word 'mediocre' in the dictionary, I belive  it is listed as the newest definition (5. listen to &quot;In Your  Face&quot; by KISS).  But the truth is with so much solid material, and 3  new classics, PSYCHO CIRCUS is definitely worth buying for any KISS fan.   Both the die-hards and the casual fans alike will enjoy this one if they  give it a chance.
0671004611|3.0|I must agree that The Day After Rosewell had me going. It's a very readable story and almost believable.<br />I'm not one to resist all arguements just because they may challenge my own view. I have been a skeptic on UFO's before reading this book, and I admit Col. Corso's account  is better than a Steven King novel.<br />I am suspicious though, of his book,  which testifies to his seeing alien remains while they were enroute as  shipment through the US Army, and that he worked to secretly deseminate  recovered Alien Spaceship technology to American military contractors.  Besides concluding that UFO's have been buzzing the earth, I ask myself  what other reasons may have been at work to create this fun book.<br />The  several references in the book to Orson Welles' Holloween radio hoax in  1939(?) made we wonder if this was not a wink to readers, or perhaps an  unconscious referance as to what the book is really up to, and what we are  being treating to.<br />One explanation that crossed my mind was that this may  have been an old intellegence officer's last work for his country. The book  may really be a work of 'dis-informatsia' (Russian word) - a technique of  spy organizations used to throw off opponents, or send them down blind  alleys hunting for tresures that are not there. Intelligence organs  sometimes plant false news articles, stories or books for such a  purpose.<br />Another possiblity is that Corso may actually have written a  book about his intellgence career and an account of his persceptive on the  history he saw pass during his various assignments. Such a book is actually  contained within The Day After Roswell. Perhaps when publishers showed no  interest, some ingenious editor showed the way to literary fame and  fortune. Corso's work may have then been rewritten to salt in the Roswell  story, after paying Corso for his manuscript and the use of his name. Note  that the copyright reads: &quot;Rosewood Woods Productions&quot; and not  Philip J. Corso.  Remember: &quot;There is no such thing as corporate  integrity.&quot;<br />I'm sure one of these more reasonable explanations has  some merit in understanding this work other than just taking The Day After  Roswell at face value --- BUT WAIT, what's that BRIGHT LIGHT OUTSIDE MY  WINDOW IN THE NIGHT SKY!
0553108034|3.0|An exciting follow up that shows real promise of blooming into a great fantasy series.  The plot moves along at a steady clip, but doesn't skip any of the in-depth character development that we saw in the first book.  The book is a clasic tale of war and intrigue between kings.  This series  shows real promise of a great story.<br />The books only major downfall is  it's very crude and gratuitous look at sexuality.  Although, it adds a  little realism it isn't neccessary that is why it's called fantasy.  Most  of the adult insights are as important and deep as the shower scene in the  Porky's movie.
B00004S6GL|4.0|This work might put off some who prefer the stripped down sound of either/or. But, it would be wrong for Elliott Smith to ignore the tools now available to him; tools that enable him to texturize his very effective  compositions and further his craft. The instrumentation and arrangements  are certainly lush but not lush for the sake of being lush.    Lots of  Elliott Smith fans were wooed by either/or for its quiet intensity and are  bound to be dismayed by the dynamic swings in this album, but let's not  forget that Smith is not only a singer/songwriter, but an arranger,  guitarist, pianist, musician and above all, an artist. For this artist to  stagnate would be a sin. I love this record.
B000002L7Y|5.0|I was just a teen when Take On Me hit the airwaves in the US. The song was/is like no other, as was the video. The ONLY bad thing about this album is that it's too short. If it had 30 songs on it, it would still be too  short. It is just like a good book, never long enough.<br />All the songs on  this cd are excellent, and my favorites are Living A Boys Adventure Tale,  The Sun Always Shines On Tv and of course, Take On Me.<br />But if you live in  the U.S., then you must think that Take On Me is the only song ever put out  by this misunderstood and mislead band. Well I have learned that the radio  is NOT the place to go to if you want to listen to good music. <br />a-ha's  second (Scoundrel Days), and third (Stay On These Roads)albums are also  excellent and the band sticks to their previous style and sound as in  Hunting High and Low. They are both worthy additions to your library. But  read on.<br />But if you want to understand what a mistake the U.S. has made  with this band, Warner Bros. especially, then I would recommend you also  pick up East of The Sun, West of the Moon and Memoral Beach. These two  albums show just how mature the band has become. The songwriting is  excellent and the sound is like none other. These albums are TOTALLY  different from Hunting High and Low, but then again, why would you want the  same thing? Early Morning on EOSWOM and Cold as Stone on Memorial Beach are  two examples of this bands greatness. Both could be hits in the U.S. today,  if they could just get a little radio airtime. Yeah, right. Most of what is  on the radio today is TRASH! Record companies today are signing one album  wonders instead of promoting AND supporting good musicians, which in the  long run, is beneficial to both parties involved. Radio broadcasters have  their songs preselected for them and don't dare play anything not on their  list. What a shame and a sham.<br />Pick up Hunting High and Low, then pick up  one of their most recent releases. Go into a quiet room, turn off the  lights and simply listen to the albums 3 or 4 times. You won't be  dissapointed.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I love Stanley Kubrick films!  However, this one sucks!  Poor dialogue and even poorer acting make this a pitiful bookend to a brilliant career.  I'm sorry to have seen this movie.... except for the nakedness.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. It realistically parodies nearly every aspect of Star Trek without demeaning the series. The main problem is that at one point, an alien creature is teleported on to the ship inside-out and it  explodes in a grusome display of gore. If it had to happen, they really  didn't have to show it completely. Nevertheless, an extremely funny film.
B000000IUD|4.0|To be a Moody Blues fan, world-weary, jaded eyes must be forgotten. The band's greatest strength, and the one thing that most sets them apart from their contemporaries, is the fact that they write from a childlike  perspective--honest, hopeful, and free of cynicism.  <br />&quot;EGBDF&quot;  is a thematic album, very similar in construction to 1969's &quot;To Our  Children's Children's Children.&quot;  But whereas &quot;Children's  Children&quot; has the feel of &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey,&quot;  &quot;EGBDF&quot; has more the feel of an English garden.  &quot;The story  in your eyes&quot; is the only hit off the album, but all the songs are  wonderful, and the album was meant to be enjoyed as a whole.  &quot;Emily's  Song&quot; is a charming love song from a parent to a young child.  &quot;One more time to live&quot; is the only political song on the album,  yet is more poetry than protest. &quot;Nice to be here&quot; by Ray Thomas  is a rollicking, colorful children's song, a good companion piece to  &quot;Floating&quot; from the Children's Children album. <br />The best treat  on this album, though, is Justin Hayward's &quot;You can never go  home,&quot; which contains some of the best lyrics he's ever written,  perfectly accented by his plaintive vocals. Finally, Michael Pinder's  &quot;My song&quot; serves as a satisfying epilogue to the rest of this  lovely album.<br />Anybody who likes the Moody Blues, or just desires a change  of pace from the heavy beats and angry cynicism of today's music, would be  well-advised to buy this album.<br />As a footnote: Young people today will  never know one of the greatest pleasures that came from owning vinyl  albums:  Cover Art!  And the Moodies' were the best. The cover for  &quot;EGBDF&quot; was adapted (I'm pretty sure) from a watercolor painting  called &quot;Der Krystal&quot; by the German artist Sulamith Wulfing.
6305750750|3.0|As a long time STARWARS fan I expected more than what George Lucas came up with. The acting and dialoge was bad, but all of the millions that were spent on the special effects were great. I think we all could have done  without JAR JAR BINKS; simply annoying. The truth, George left alot of  holes in the story. For example, does R2D2 remember Anikan as one of his  masters when he meets Luke? Over all, it's a STARWARS movie with not enough  space action.
B00000JMOF|5.0|I am sure that there is not much new which can be said on behalf of a seventy year old masterpiece, except to say that finally it has been given the care in presentation it so richly deserves. The DVD sports a print of  truly gorgeous quality with a remarkably clear soundtrack, virtually free  of hiss.I really felt that I was seeing the film on the big screen. The  bonus materials are excellent too, but it is the main course in all its  polished, restored glory that really makes a horror fan rejoice! Do not  hesitate for a second to buy this DVD.
B000003BEM|5.0|After shaking off the hippie trappings of SATANIC MAJESTIES REQUEST,it was time Britain's premier bad boys to get back to what they did best:pure blues rock with a 1968 edge.The Rolling Stones of 1968 were almost  unrivaled,and BEGGARS BANQUET was the album that consolidated their  position. SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVIL was a nightmare put to music,Keith  Richards stabbing with guitar notes. STRAY CAT BLUES is about underage  groupies.NO EXPECTATIONS deals with leaving someone.STREET FIGHTING MAN  recalls the London street marches of that year and how pointless they  were.PRODIGAL SON  is a blues version of the familiar parable.SALT OF THE  EARTH deals with Jagger's inability to fit in with the working class  anymore.BEGGARS BANQUET started a successful runs of Jimmy Miller produced   albums(LET IT BLEED,STICKY FINGERS,GET YOUR YA-YAS OUT,EXILE ON MAIN  STREET,GOAT'S HEAD SOUP).I urge you to get this release.If you want to  enjoy it a ittle more,play it at maximum volume;'cos &quot;It's no hanging  matter,It's no capitol crime&quot;.
0792844793|1.0|In the word of film David Lynch's work is hailed as some of the best. In past year he has  gained much critical success for his work. Unlike &quot;strait story&quot; EraserHead and the  Elephant man. The film blue  velvet dances with greatness and they burns. For instance  the  opening the  &quot;physical aliment&quot; that befall a character that has little to no  significance are  horribly acted. Then the camera Suddenly pan to bugs  fighting none of which really fits  into the latter story about a boy who  finds a  moldy ear. Sounds confusing and pointless  well it is.  Words like  hunting dark and disturbing are used by credits to describe the good  in  this film. Brazil is haunting confusing and disturbing. However unless you  like a 13  second sexual orgasm with a man huffing O2 and shouting mother  this is plainly mundane  and bad. The plot has more holes then the moon has  craters. Dialogue gaps are often  simple dealt with using dramatic silence.  What Lynch see &quot;Eraserhead&quot; or &quot;the Strait story&quot;  Want  bad movie see &quot;Blue velvet&quot; or &quot;Lost highway.&quot; This one  is at least better than the  latter. The dramatic dialogue break is much  better than sex as a filler. But do a good thing a  steer clear.
630575067X|4.0|a great film that improves with each viewing. although severalcharactors are in the movie briefly their presence leaves an impact. jar jar binks was one charactor our entire family especialy enjoyed. he created a sense of playfulness and humor.well worth the money to add this movie to your collection.
0833531646|4.0|I loved this book.  It is very easy to relax and read it while taking a bath or walking from wherever.  I loved the characters, they were very heartr warming and sweet, except my main man Raistlin who with out a doubt  holds his own twist on intrigue.  I loved reading about him.  Any way, this  is the start of a great journey, and one I will retake over and over.  Just  one must pay attention to every detail it comes in handy later! Hehehe^_^.   Any way I gotta fly, Nabeth(my dragon) is having a fit.  Peace!
0385493622|5.0|Singh tells a compelling story of the history of Fermat's Last Theorem. It reads more like a pageturner in fiction, with unbelievable characters, plot twists and suspense. What makes it all the better is that it is all true. I  really could not put this book down. He does an excellent description is  summarizing the difficult math needed to solve the problem. Get this book,  you will not be dissapointed.
630575067X|4.0|Was Episode One worth all the hype? Did it live up to expectations? Clearly my answer is YES, since you've noticed the above 4 stars. Much has, of course, been made about the lack of characterisation, bad acting, lack  of plot, etc. But come on! This is Star Wars! And with the exeption of Jar  Jar and Jake Loyd the main characters are fine (particularly Liam Neeson),  if not exeptional. Why wonder about the logic of the Jedi residing on an  environmentally tragic &quot;city planet&quot; (Coruscant) or bother  yourself with pointing out the inept nature of the Republic when you can  sit back and enjoy the fun?  Because that's what Star Wars is - a  combination of fantasy and sci-fi - meant for the kid in all of us that  loves a good epic story.  I will, however, consceed that a few things did  seem a little off.  The Trade Federation.  The commentary during the pod  race.  The &quot;Star Trekian&quot; explanation of the nature of the force.   And, of course, the affore mentioned Jar Jar Binks (ex-squeeze me?  please.) But on the whole give George a break and admire his sterling  effort in bringing back a 20 year old idea and making it feel authetic.   The sounds, the effects, the music and the mood.  Besides, the next one  will be filmed &quot;down under&quot; so it's sure to be great.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Sheesh! Talk about action! This movie is filled with it! Great special effects, great acting, great movie! If you haven't seen this movie as yet, then you must be living in a dark place! Five thumbs up to the Wachowski  Brothers, Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne and Carrie-Ann Moss on a  sensational performance!
6305750750|1.0|LEAVE IT TO A NEW YORKER TO TELL IT LIKE IT IS.  TOMDAN34 WAS DEAD ON.  EPISODE ONE IS THE STORY OF MONEY AND THE ART TO MAKE IT ANYWAY YOU CAN. &quot;LET'S MAKE SURE WE CHARGE THOSE PEOPLE WHO WANT THE WIDESCREEN  VERSION TWICE AS MUCH.  WHY?  BECAUSE WE GOT IT THAT WAY!&quot; IT'S CALLED  THE LUCAS LIMBO-HOW LOW CAN YOU GO?  HE HAD SIXTEEN YEARS TO INCUBATE THIS  TRILOGY.  HE FAILED!   IN RETROSPECT THE ONLY REDEEMABLE FILM IN THIS  WHOLE THING IS  THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK.  EVEN THE LUCAS DIRECTED ORIGINAL  IS ALMOST TO SHALLOW TO WATCH.  THE MAN SHOULD PASS THE TORCH TO SOMONE  LIKE DAVID FINCHER FOR THE NEXT ONE, BUT IT'S PROBABLY TOO LATE AND SOMEONE  AS TALENTED AS FINCHER PROBABLY DOESN'T WANT TO GET ANY OF THAT ON HIM.   THIS DVD EXCUSE IS THE CAKE TAKER.  THEY SAY THEY'RE &quot;TOO BUSY&quot;  TOO PUT ALL THOSE MOVIES ON DVD. THAT TRANSLATES TO &quot;HOW CAN WE  MAXIMIZE OUR PROFITS.  I'M JUST GLAD ALL THOSE OSCARS WENT TO THE MATRIX.   NOT EVEN SPECIAL EFFECTS CAN'T SAVE LUCAS'S CONTRIVED STORIES ANYMORE.
0783239408|5.0|American Beauty is a great movie.  It brings out the best and the worst in its characters. This movie illistrates the fear we have of things we cannot avoid (i.e. Death) and stupidity with which we hold on to what has inflated  value(wealth).  When the movie is over hopefully you realize what should  truely be valuable to you.  Kevin Spacey elaborated on this point at the  Oscars, and made the first point (that I've heard) in an Oscar winner's  speech.  I also give him props for bringing his mom :) -Chris
0880381736|4.0|I loved reading this book.  It was an excellent thing to read.  The characters were great and I read everywhere I went, if you can believe it I was reading so much I got yelled at by one of my Liturature teachers!  Any  way this book has characters that make you think about life, Tas the  kender, Rastlin the mage, and Tanis the born leader, all of them made me  believe myself again.  I loved these books and maybe they aren't for  adults, who don't know a good book when they see them but they are for  normal people who enjoy a good read!
B000023VR6|5.0|THE ALBUM WAS TIGHT! ALMOST EVERY SONG WAS STREET.DRE SHOWS ALL YOU PUNKS WHY HE STILL THE D.R.E.
B000002L68|5.0|This album is a must-have for every rock fan. On this Prince album, he leaves the funky rhythm of Dirty Mind and Controversy, and gets a little bit rockier (Let's go crazy, Computer Blue, Purple Rain). The fantastic  pop-rock songs, Take me with U, When doves cry and Eye would die 4 U are  also great, but the greatest of all in my opinion is The beautiful ones, no  doubt ! The best rock-ballad I've ever heard, and only Prince could do  better than this one along his fantastic carrier ! So : if U don't have it,  buy it NOW !
B00000AFDW|4.0|As a member of a mere few who actually saw Kiss in the beginning..twice (1976 &amp; 1977) and the again on the Farewell Tour. I find that this new cd is close to the hard and fast paced music that brought them to the  hieghts they once enjoyed. At the farewell concert they played Pyscho  Circus..and found it to be so much better live. And to all of you who never  got to experience the show..it was truly a &quot;PYSCHO CIRCUS&quot;. A  true and die hard fan..to the end. Paul Stanley put it quite well during  the show....&quot;The Legend Never Dies&quot;. Long live Gene, Paul, Ace  and Peter, sorry to see em go.
B00004S6GL|5.0|I haven't listened to the album thoroughly, but this is levels above XO.  There's a difference between production and overproduction, and XO often was overproduced.  It also ran ragged around the slower tempo songs.  Here,  Elliott gets his storytelling narrative voice that is so compelling and  augments it well with production, rather than drowning it.  Hence the  Beatles / Pet Sounds references - which are dead on at parts.  Still, the  heart of his work is his lyrical craft - fragmented, brilliantly  descriptive stories.  Either/Or succeeded (as one of the best albums of the  90s) because of its musical nakedness but his Heatmiser stuff roped in the  force of the music well.  Here he's got the music back under control.   Quibble as we may, Elliott Smith is still doing producing some of the best  and most interesting music anywhere these days - if you're reading this and  haven't heard it, well, you should.
0880381736|4.0|This book held me with it's wonderful characters and it's elaborate discriptions, allthough I have heard that the books lack much creativity, in some cases that is true, words are repeated alot like they were with out a thesarus something someone should never leave home with out.  any way I  loved the book any way.   especialy my main man Raistlin!  What a dream  boat!  Power and creativity all in one fell swoop.  Well I can say nothing  more about something so spectacularly cool!  Peace!
6303168507|5.0|There isn't much I can say about this movie.  Except that is excellent in every way, from acting, to the realistic black and white color, to the general feeling during this period of time.<br />One minor addition, I would  like to add, is that I would have liked to have seen more about how badly  the Jews were treated.  I got the general idea, but I would have liked to  seen how hateful the soliders were to these people.<br />Wonderful picture.   The video is a &quot;must have&quot;.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie by far I have ever seen. To all of you who said that it was a crummy movie go take a red pill and wake up!
B000000WF0|4.0|Storm in Heaven ranks as one of my all time favorite records. It deserved to be a bestselling record, but Urban Hymns does not. How many of you are sick of Bittersweet Symphony? Was anyone disgusted when they sold out to television? However, with that said, I have to say that while Urban Hymns  is a mixed bag, it also contains some of the best music this band has ever  produced.  Space and Time, Weeping Willow, and Lucky Man are superb songs  that are the equal to any song on Storm in Heaven. Dreamy, majestic,  shoegazing masterpieces that don't require drugs to enjoy them. Man, I was  really sad to hear these guys break up. One can hope that Richard  Ashcroft's solo career will also produce great music. Well worth picking  up, but not the one to introduce people to this band.
B000002J2B|5.0|LET'S GET TO THE POINT. If you're reading this then you like YES, RUSH, JETHRO TULL, KING CRIMSON, SOFT MACHINE, TANGERINE DREAM etc. etc. prog, classical, fusion etc. etc. So this review is for you. Genesis for many  people is Phil Collins. And there are of loads of people who hate his  musical style. This is understandable, commercial popster that he is.  However, throughout the seventies sooooooo long ago he remained faithfull  to Genesis as drummer and singer. Now I know he doesn't particularly like  this album in retrospect and others from this era but he cannot deny that  his presence on it is unmistakable. Even through the self indulgent ego  hungry Steve Hackett bits, Phil's parts shine and compliment all the  members' efforts. In short, this, for me, is the pinnacle of 70's Genesis.  Pure melodic music and poetry. From the dynamic, mysterious, opening track  of Eleventh Earl of Mar to the quasi classical Blood on the Roof Tops, this  remains a very instrumental and atmospheric album with a lot of Steve  Hackett. This period was a golden age of Genesis music and that is a  fact.Despite friction amongst the group members at the time the music  shines through. Take a deep breath and immerse yourself in this fantasy  world of an album. Enjoy with a bottle of Chardonnay in Autumn.
0684803356|5.0|This is book is &quot;the one&quot; to read if you really enjoy reading. Hemingway's work is just superb, the bold symbolism and metaphors make this a must have in your bookshelf. His style is simple writing yet under its surface lies a much deeper aspect and meaning. This is Hemingway at its  best. If you like literature you will apreciate it, and once you finish,  you feel enticed by his way of writing. As I said, Simply Hemingway!
B000000W5N|5.0|Alright people, stop comparing the Beatles and the Stones. It's like comparing apples and oranges. We all realize that they're 2 great rock bands who've impacted music in their own ways. Sticky Fingers I think  embodys everything that's great about the Stones - that hard-nosed, let the  chips fall where they may, &quot;get off of my cloud&quot; attitude fueled  by both happiness and sorrow. Truly a masterpiece and certainly a must for  any Stones fan, or Beatles fan for that matter..
038542471X|5.0|This is the first John Grisham book I have ever read and I loved it so incredibly much.  I am only 15 and I managed to get so into this book that I'd get frustrated with the characters and feel simpathy for the others!    There's only one problem with this book!  If it's the first John Grisham  book you read... the others won't be nearly as interesting!
B000002J2D|4.0|MUSIC IS A PERSONAL THING ULTIMATELY. If you are reading this review then one presumes that you are a progressive rock fan. I know presuming is a bad thing and I should get on with the review. Sorry. Genesis are progressive  rock. In my humble opinion they are the finest exponents of this genre.  This album is magical. The lyrics are playful and as theatrical as any  Gabriel period. It is, however, underpinned by a heavy rock feel that is  quite captivating when mixed against the poetic lyrics. There is a definite  beauty to Genesis' music and for many people it is an acquired taste (like  any prog rock I suppose). This is a prog rock album pre-cursoring the 80's  heavy metal era of rock and the influence is there in the production. It is  a transitional period I believe for the band. The music is simply haunting.  There is a definite melancholy feel about this album, like the last throws  of Autumn before winter forces its icy grip. (Sorry, I know that sounds  really pretentious). Anyway, if you like melodic, poetic, classical,  pompous, theatrical, heavy rock, then you might like this! If you like  Robbie Williams then...er.... what the hell are you doing here?
B00000IPAX|4.0|this review is in response to that of charlie gigante a few reviews below me.  your review is well written, and displays your very extreme opinion in the matter of punk rock.  however, whats this about choose wisely.  its not  the end of the world if someone has a different taste in music than you do.   you streach your point of view to insulting these bands.  but there are so  many people out there that would completely disagree with your statements.   this can be determined by how successfull green day, offspring, and blink  are.  they are selling so many albums that you are left alone in your  classic rock world.
B000003TAW|4.0|Don't be misled by the cover, which made me at first snicker.  They do look like geeks, but after I bought the CD on impulse, I liked what I heard.  Some songs are soft and slow, while others were fast &amp; catchy,  making each song sound  different (I was dissapointed by Eiffel 65's CD,  where each song sounded the same).        If your parents are concerned  about questionable lyrics and naughty language, you can  listen to the  entire CD without fear.  Weezer is 100% clean.
B000001E21|5.0|What can I say, other than this is yet another fabulous record by the great Def Lepard!  Will the hits ever stop, I certainly hope not!  From the beginning to the end nothing but pure electicity!  Some of my favorites  are: &quot;Fractured Love&quot; a sort of jumpy, catchy toon, then  &quot;Two Steps Behind&quot; which I am sure most people have heard, from  the movie,(Last Action Hero) but you get two versions of this one!  Next we  have a love song, &quot;Miss You In a Heartbeat&quot;, also two versions,  just great guys, and then on to, &quot;Ride into The Sun&quot;, western  style and &quot;From the Inside&quot;, great message in this one!  I could  go on and on but you will have to find out for yourself.  Beleive me, if  you are a Def Lepard fan, you'll love this one!
6303913881|3.0|COME ON PEOPLE !  NOBODY GAVE A CHANCE TO BERKLEY.... SHE WAS GOOD, VERY GOOD ! &amp; SHE MUST HAVE A LOT OF GUTS TO START A MOVIE CAREER WITH A ROLE LIKE THIS ONE ; GIVE HER SOME CREDIT ! AS FOR GERSHON ; SHE IS JUST  WONDERFUL IN THE B..... ROLE ! BUT THE TRUTH IS THAT VERHOEVEN DID NOT GIVE  THEM A GOOD MATERIAL TO WORK WITH ! NOT GOOD AT ALL !
B00003CXBK|5.0|I was one of the handful of people that got to see this movie in the theaters. It had to be one of the best movies I have seen since AKIRA.  The story line was beyond Phattt and so was the animation !  Like I said its a  must buy!
6304196938|5.0|And that's not a small tribute. After all, Hitchcok, is maybe the best director in film history when it comes to visuality. For example, let's take the aeroplane scene in the middle of nowhere; Grant is waiting to meet  some people in the US prairie. In the horizon he sees an aeroplane flying  towards him. He keeps staring at him, but at first he doesn't really care  about the plane, but when it keeps approching him he starts to wonder, and  after a few moments, it flies right above his head, only about a meter  over. This happens about four times, untile he stops a gastruck to seek for  shelter from the upper haunter. The truck is in a fast speed, and has to  stop suddenly, but it can't stop in tiem, so it slowly runs over Grant, who  lays under the truck. Then the plane ,still chasing Grant, crahsehes into  the truck, and after a while, when the driver , assistant and Grant are on  a safe distance, the truck and the plane explode. Now if that isn't  impressive, then what is!  Other marvellous scenes take place in Mt.  Rushmore, but actually the whol movie is like a two-hours-introduction into  stylish visuality. Oh, and tha plot isn't bad either!  And the acting is  premier...
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is a captivating story about growing up, falling in love, and finding yourself.  Bernard Schlink skillfully crafts this book from the perspective of a 15 year old sickly book that develops a relationship with  a much older woman, who has a secretative past.  In time this relationship  ends, but several years later their pathes cross again and they are in a  much different situation where her past plays a factor. Skillfully written  book and a must read.
B00000JZI9|4.0|This DVD doesn't quite live up to the full potential of the technology. The picture quality had some dust floaters but they weren't very noticeable unless you were looking for them. The sound quality was good, which is what  you would expect for a picture nominated for sound mixing and soundtrack  Academy Awards.  The DVD has a 40-minute documentary, which was very good  with commentary from mainly the director, although some of the actors are  heard from too. The documentary also had some deleted scenes, which  explained why the whole relationship between Rosanna Arquette's character  and the heroes didn't make much sense; most of it was cut out.  It would  have been better to have these deleted scenes in their own section. One  interesting omission was in the actors' biography section, none of the  actresses were represented, you also don't hear from the actresses in the  documentary, which was odd. All together a good DVD especially if you love  Westerns as I do.
6304082428|5.0|I've been forced to sit through older versions of Pride and Prejudice which seemed to me like boring Class B movies.  Those movies seemed like they took a few dressed up people, dropped them in a field and did their  lines.  Even the recently released 'Sense and Sensibility' seemed like it  needed a lot of polish.  I always joked about how strange my wife and her  mother must be for liking Pride &amp; Prejudice.  Of course, they liked the  book and enjoyed the movie because of the plot.<br />But then I saw all the  remarks here on Amazon.com about how much everyone liked this newer  version.  I took their advice, and bought the two tape set (all on two  tapes, instead of six) and figured I sit and enjoy watching it with my  wife.  I was pleasantly surprised that every thing that people said here  was right.  It was very enjoyable to watch.  The production was SO well  polished and the cast is wonderful.  You get caught up in the plot very  easily.  This version of Pride &amp; Prejudice is a work of art!
0783235666|4.0|Well, not maybe as intense, but more brutal and violent, indeed. Seems like the general athmosphere staarted to be more relaxed, because there's a big chance for his previous movies. I mean, how many other Hitchcock films  wouls show you a man with his eyes duggen out of his head. Hitchcock still  remains as the master of suspense!  The major  problem with this movie is  the plot; sure, it gives you a lot of reasons to think about, but the main  plot seems to be quite unreasonable and  uncomplete. But still, a very good  movie. By Alfred Hitchcock. The Master Of Suspense.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is a skillfully captivating story that is simple to read, yet elegantly constructed. It is a time honored story of growing up, falling in love, and finding yourself.  Bernard Schlink builds the story around a 15  year old sick boy named Michael, that develops an unique relationship with  a much older women.  In time their relationship grows, but Hannah keeps her  private life and past a secret.  Soon, their  relationship ends, but  several years later cross pathes in a much different situation.  However,  this time her unusal past plays a part in her future.  Schlink creates this  captivating and unusual story that catches the imagine and the soul of all  readers.  A must read.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|I bought the original 33 album double set in 1976 and loved it then.  I was amazed to see that original set plus three more sets now out on CD.  I bought the set of four and listen to it over and over and over and.....
B00004SVIK|5.0|Finally, after twenty years they've done it..... I've been waiting half a life-time (no joke) for this one and as a &quot;DIE HARD&quot; Pink Floyd fan I can honestly scream &quot;HOW SWEET IT IS&quot;! <br />Thank you  David Gilmour, Roger Waters, Nick Mason and Richard Wright. A Job well  done.
0783235666|4.0|Well, not maybe as intense, but more brutal and violent, indeed. Seems like the general athmosphere staarted to be more relaxed, because there's a big chance for his previous movies. I mean, how many other Hitchcock films  wouls show you a man with his eyes duggen out of his head. Hitchcock still  remains as the master of suspense!  The major  problem with this movie is  the plot; sure, it gives you a lot of reasons to think about, but the main  plot seems to be quite unreasonable and  uncomplete. But still, a very good  movie. By Alfred Hitchcock. The Master Of Suspense.
B00000G28U|5.0|This is the best Metallica album ever ! Just because they say it's all cover songs doesn't mean it's bad ! Like Whiskey in the Jar, that was the  biggest hit off the album ! Plus, they're better than the original versions  ! Trust me, you should buy it ! It's better than the Black Album, Kill 'em  All, Garage Days &amp; even S&amp;M !
B00004S6GL|5.0|I have had this CD for about a month now, and not a day goes by that I don't listen to it at least once. This CD is just awesome. It doesn't top Either/or but it surely matches the level of XO. I've read the reviews of  people saying it's too lush. I didnt feel that was true one bit. I felt  that every song was a true feast for the ears. Pick it up and give it a  listen, it's truely brilliant. My favorite tracks are Son of Sam,  Happiness, Can't Make a Sound, and LA.
B00000IQMT|4.0|I am a huge admirer of John Williams' work. I think he isundoubtedly one of the greatest score composers of all time. Many ofthe beloved movies of our time, especially by George Lucas and Steven Spielberg, would be incomplete without Williams' magic. Since the music for the &quot;Star Wars&quot; films are among his most impressive achievements, I was really curious about his score for &quot;Episode I&quot;. Let's start with the good news. Williams has once again managed to elevate the movie. There may be less recognizeable themes in this score, but when you watch the movie, you can understand why. The film is more of a setup, without many quiet or lyrical moments. The real drama will happen in the next films and the score also reflects that. Still, there are many nice and effective little motives in the score. I especially liked the one for the battle-droids (I liked them in the movie, too. They just look and sound so great). &quot;Anakins Theme&quot; wonderfully foreshadows the &quot;Imperial March&quot; and &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; gives the lightsaber duel the pathos that it needs. My problem with the soundtrack CD is not what it does contain but what it does not. The soundtrack is 74 minutes long, but in the film, there are over 105 minutes of music. Why, for example, is the part where Qui-Gon fights with Darth Maul on Tatooine, not on the soundtrack, or the music when the two Jedi arrive at Theed. John Williams made the same mistake with the soundtracks for &quot;Indiana Jones 2 and 3&quot;, which are also far too short. If one CD is not sufficient for all tracks, why don't they produce a double-CD. I'm sure there are enough fans out there to make it worthwile. I do also not understand why the cues aren't in chronological order. It would be less confusing. Despite all this quibbles, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is a must for all lovers of John Williams and of great film scores. Perhaps Williams releases the rest of the score on another CD, and by the way, I'm still waiting for the expanded editions of &quot;Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom&quot; and also of &quot;Last Crusade&quot; (one of his best). After all, they did release an expanded version of &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot;.
B000001ESJ|4.0|&quot;2112&quot; was a validation of sorts for Rush.  The popularity of that album affirmed that long pieces like the 22 minute title track could be commericially viable.  So it comes as no surprise that Rush took a turn  towards a more complex, involved style with &quot;A Farwell To  Kings&quot;.<br />This album is an earful.  &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot;,  Rush's &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;, resides on this album, and is one of  the shortest songs on the album.  This piece has continued to be a live  favorite since its release. &quot;Madrigal&quot; is another short,  reflective piece with some mellow guitar work from Alex Lifeson and almost  tender lyrics from percussionist Neil Peart.<br />The bulk of the album,  though, is contained in two marathons.  &quot;Xanadu&quot; is the jewel on  this album.  It is an 11 minute monster based on the poem &quot;Kubla  Khan&quot; and instrumentally is astounding.  The moment Peart and Geddy  Lee kick in with Lifeson while the guitarist is doing a 7/4 time E major  lick and the wind effects are increasing is high drama.  The songs goes  through several mood changes, slowing down in spots to allow Lifeson some  electric 12 string serenity.  Lee is very subdued on this piece vocally,  but his bass playing is phenomenal. &quot;Cygnus X-1&quot; is a 10 minute  epic which surpasses &quot;Xanadu&quot; in terms of instrumental insanity.   The band shifts flawlessly through the time changes (like 6/4, 7/4, and  later 11/8 and 12/8) with ease.  It is important to note that this piece is  the first part of a two part epic which continues on their next release,  &quot;Hemispheres&quot;.  Peart is especially out of control on  &quot;Cygnus&quot;, but if you are not a fan of Lee's vocal style, this  piece will drive you nuts because Lee has somehow added an octave to his  range on this song.<br />That leaves two other pieces.  The title track opens  the album with Lifeson on classical guitar before the band kicks in.   However, it seems the band was trying *too* hard to be progressive here  during the breakdown prior to the guitar solo.  The rhythm seems a little  too forced here, like they threw in this odd time signature for the sake of  doing it.  &quot;Cinderella Man&quot; is the remaining song, and it fares  better than the title track.  It is more Zeppelin-esque in the way Lifeson  integrates electric and acoustic timbres.  It is a pleasing, melodic song  which is easy listening compared to most of the album.<br />Overall,  &quot;Farewell&quot; is an album which may be more appealing to musicians  than the casual rock fan.  The casual fan will enjoy &quot;Closer to the  Heart&quot;, while have a difficult time following the sprawling  &quot;Xanadu&quot;.  This is a wonderful album, but it may be best to  purchase &quot;2112&quot; prior to this album to hear and understand the  development Rush was undergoing.  However, if you are a musician, the  arrangements and complexity of the playing will give you something to shoot  for in your own playing.
B000001IPL|4.0|Although Offspring is not one of the greatest bands out there, they did good on this album.  It opens with three killer punk rockers (&quot;Youth Energy&quot;, &quot;Bad Habit&quot;, &quot;Genocide&quot;) which I just  love to listen to.  &quot;Come Out and Play&quot; is &quot;Pretty Fly for a  White Guy&quot; minus all that mainstream sound.  Almost every song's good,  especially &quot;Self Esteem&quot; and &quot;So Alone&quot;.<br />The only  problem with this album is that it suffers from what many punk rock albums  do; tiredness.  When you get over 40 minutes of the same sound, you  sometimes get tired of it.  I always find that it's more fun listening to  individual songs than the whole album.  That shouldn't stop you from buying  this album.  This is some good stuff.  By the way, is &quot;Ixnay on the  Hombre&quot; any good?  I haven't bought it yet, and I was just  wondering...
6305718903|3.0|I rented Stigmata because the plot had that Seventh Sign feel to it. If you are looking for an outstanding mystery like the Seventh Sign, or a horrifying thriller like the Exorcist, you will be disappointed. This is a  mildly entertaining mystery that will make you think (especially when you  read what the movie's based on at the end), but no more.  <br />Unlike other  viewers, I did not care for the acting, and I thought that some of the  scenes and dialogue were cheesy (e.g., the scene with Frankie and the  priest laughing over lunch---huh? ). Overall...not a bad movie, just don't  expect too much.
B000002I4S|5.0|take a cast iron pot, add equal parts of your own blood, saliva and reproductive fluid.  bring to a raging boil and cover for thirty five minutes.  remove from heat, remove lid, place left ear three inches above  pot and listen.  that sound you hear?  that's coltrane.  and be careful.   he's listening back.  if one in every hundred men owned giant steps, there  would be no war.
B00000IP2L|5.0|I have read some negative reviews for this record and I can't figure out why. This record has the intensity of a live album, with a nice pace-break with &quot;Spoke In The Wheel&quot;. I was honestly blown away by this  record. The guitar is heavy without being overblown and the solos are  excellent. Buy this record!
B000002B35|5.0|This is a truely great Floyd recording. No other live album compares with this one, with the exception of &quot;Is There Anybody Out There,&quot; The Wall Live. This is just facinating to listen to. The best track on the  album has to be &quot;Comfortably Numb,&quot; in which Gilmour uses a  delicate blend of softness and loud guitar striffes to create a very great  version of the song. Other fantastic tracks include &quot;Wish You Were  Here,&quot; Hey You,&quot; &quot;Shine On Your Crazy Diamond,&quot; and  &quot;Another Brick in The Wall, PartII&quot;. I just cannot stop raving on  how great this album is! Another sidenote for this album is if you bye the  Deluxe Version, the CD's appearance has lights that flash when you touch  the CD. It is pretty cool, and it attempts to create a psikadelic effect.  This is a must bye for all of you &quot;Floyd o holics&quot; out there.  Also, this album proves that Pink Floyd can survive without the mastermind  of Roger Waters.
0805062971|3.0|It seems to me that with this book Chuck Palahniuk was baking a cake and forget a few ingredients.  That is not to say, however, that this novel doesn't taste good, but it's not as tasty as ones from the past.  The plot  and actions of the characters are interesting and fresh, and the social  comentary is poignant. However, the character development is a little weak.  The interaction between Tyler and his &quot;buddy&quot; doesn't really  mean anything because a strong relationship never develops.  The ending is  also very abrupt. Once the announcement is made (like you didn't already  know before) the novel just ends.  A second half of the book would half  strengthened it a lot;  a second half with a battle for control of the body  and a stronger relationship between Tyler and &quot;John's utter  despair.&quot;  There are a lot of small things that could have been done  to transform this book from a good one to a modern classic.
B000044U4B|5.0|Even though I haven't bought the album yet, I can tell that &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot; is a great album based on what I have heard. I have heard that it's not as good as &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;, but it's a great CD  nonetheless. I'm not getting the gold disc because A) it's too expensive,  and B) because it would be excess. I'll just stick with the 1995 Elektra  re-issue.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I just got my copy of the limited edition today and I'm listening to it for the second time while I'm writing this.  The quality of the recording is fantastic; at times, it's easier to hear the lyrics here than on the  studio album.  It goes without saying that the addition of &quot;What Shall  We Do Now&quot;, which I've always loved in the Wall movie, makes this  album a must have for fans.   In other aspects, hearing &quot;In The  Flesh,&quot; which addresses the band vs. audience theme of Roger's and  know that there is actually an audience there gives a whole new dimension  to the song.  Treat yourself to the limited edition- the book that comes  with it, which holds the CD's, is a definite collector's item, with pics  and written takes on the Wall from all the band members as well as the  production team.  All in all, it's an excellent rendition of The Wall.
B00004SVID|5.0|This is a great CD and it gives the listener a taste of it would have been like if you were there.  Pink Floyd is great.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I just got my copy of the limited edition today and I'm listening to it for the second time while I'm writing this.  The quality of the recording is fantastic; at times, it's easier to hear the lyrics here than on the  studio album.  It goes without saying that the addition of &quot;What Shall  We Do Now&quot;, which I've always loved in the Wall movie, makes this  album a must have for fans.   In other aspects, hearing &quot;In The  Flesh,&quot; which addresses the band vs. audience theme of Roger's and  know that there is actually an audience there gives a whole new dimension  to the song.  Treat yourself to the limited edition- the book that comes  with it, which holds the CD's, is a definite collector's item, with pics  and written takes on the Wall from all the band members as well as the  production team.  All in all, it's an excellent rendition of The Wall.
630575067X|1.0|Hmmm.   What to say about `The Phantom Menace'?  I waited how many years to see this &quot;grand vision&quot; of George Lucas?<br />I will make this as short, sweet and painless as possible.  Let's start out just by saying this  has got to be THE biggest disappointment in film history.  Mr. Lucas,  claimed on `Episode IV' that there was more to the story to bring us up to  the 1978 masterpiece `Star Wars' (and I'm not talking about the tainted  Special Edition version either.).  With the coming of `Star Wars: Episode I  - The Phantom Menace', this film has proved to me that there was no story  of the sort. I feel that what was once a grandiose, intricately visioned  perception of an outer-worldly saga is now all worth nothing. <br />`Phantom  Menace' starts out with the traditional mammoth text run.  The almost-holy  yellow letters that grace the screen and flow upward into space accompanied  by the magic theme that millions of people have grown to love.  What could  go wrong...right?  This unfortunately proves to be the best part of the whole  film.  The damage could be seen within a few short moments.  Before we know  it, Ewan McGregor appears on screen as a young Obi-Wan Kenobi and utters  the now famous line, &quot;I've got a bad feeling about this.&quot;   Well  let me tell you, as I sat in the theater in anticipation,  $10 ticket-stub  in hand, third row from the front, opening night, a tiny voice in my head  whispered, &quot;So do I, Obi-Wan...So do I.&quot; <br />With acting bad  enough to make you cry, a COMPLETE lack of plot and absolutely tasteless  &quot;looky-what-we-can-do&quot; effects this piece of trash carries on and  on getting worse by the minute forming a self-satire, if you will, a  cartoon of the modern myth Lucas has created thus far. Goofy, English  speaking aliens with ethnic accents and an immaculate-conception `shocker!'  idea for the birth of Anakin Skywalker are just two things that make this  movie flat-out absurd.  `Episode I' quicklydevelops into a silly, mocking  rendition of what the original three were.  `Phantom Menace' is like a  `Diet Star Wars'. A mini-version of the real `Star Wars' dipped in  undiluted liquid brainlessness, hung out to dry for an hour and sold in a  shrink-wrapped container with a cardboard backing.  A `Star Wars' that I  wish would just admit, &quot;Just kidding!  This isn't REALLY a full  installment of the best science fiction series ever.&quot;<br />The Players:   <br />Jake Lloyd trots his dry, barely television commercial-caliber talent as  the young Anakin Skywalker.  A new standard of awful is achieved with his  two-dimensional portrayal of the young boy who eventually becomes the  silver screens' most notorious villain.  Sad.  <br />Liam Neeson is notably  repulsive as Qui-Gon Jin, the Jedi mentor whose force mind-control attempts  never quite work on anyone.  (? )  It makes you wonder, &quot;Ha, ha, ha!   This isn't really part of the script, ...is it?&quot;<br />Ewan McGregor solely  puts a worthy performance into his character, the young Obi-Wan Kenobi.   Part of me feels sorry for McGregor though in this case, because from  viewing his effort in this film shows that he has had hope for `Phantom  Menace' throughout production. But now seeing the first nightmarish results  of this movie, he may understand now what the next two episodes will  bring.<br />Natalie Portman plays the poorly written part of Queen Amidala (or  is it Padme now!   I'm not quite sure!), Anakin's future love-interest, and  future mother of twins Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia.  Um... yeah.<br />R2D2  and the skinless C3PO make their inevitable appearance and we observe how  they meet. Seeing the familiar duo again made this movie worth not walking  out on.  But their cameos made it clear that Lucas really had no clue where  he wanted this movie to go and thought he would throw them in somewhere to  give the audience some kind of closure with the story.<br />The 30-some year  youngerYoda is seen in all his high glory.  Yoda seems awkwardly  misdirected in his few scenes.  What, I guess, develops into a highly  intelligent and focused being...well...seems to start out here as a confused  and bewildered (not to mention badly constructed) puppet.  I dunno, you  figure it out.<br />The cheaply horned and &quot;lets just throw some paint on  his face&quot; foe Darth Maul, played by a professional martial artist  I-forget-his-name fights a lot.  The fight scenes are cool...  Yep... that's  about it.<br />And ahhhhhh who could forget `Star Wars's' worst addition since  the Jabba the Hutt/Han Solo scene in `Star Wars: Special Edition', Jar-Jar  Binks.  What needs to be said about Jar-Jar that hasn't been said already?   All I can say is I would rather have my fingernails ripped out one by one  with pliers than experience Jar-Jar Binks again. What was George Lucas  thinking!   (Um... Did he just say ex-squeeze me?)<br />--`Episode I' ultimately  collapses into a pile of mindless drivel, insulting the `Star Wars' name  and losing at least my personal faith in hoping for a redemption in future  episodes. With its expensive Saturday morning cartoon-like effects, the  movie fails to be crutched by anything to aid it from self-destruction.   From the yawnable pod race scene to the paper-mache robot army, this movie  has got TERRIBLE written all over it.  George Lucas, the man who brought us  `THX-1138', `American Graffiti' and the flawless `Star Wars' Trilogy has  plopped one of the worst movies ever made into our laps after 16 years in  the waiting.  I would say that `Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace'  is just like any other Hollywood piece of junk being cranked out nowadays,  but I can't, simply because of the huge runway of potential it had to run  on.  What had the best possibility of being the greatest and most loved  science fiction film, resulted in the worst possible execution.  For big  fans, the dawning of `Episode I' is truly that of mourning.  I don't think  I will be buying anymore action figures.
B00001NFCY|4.0|The music here is really good for what it is, but the thing is that its not very original sounding. Creed sound JUST like Pearl Jam, and Pearl Jam is a lot better. This is basically 90's alternative music which has been a  little played out. If you want new rock i suggest Static x or Incubus. Any  of you kids who like this stuff should definently get Ten by Pearl Jam.  That one is a classic
6303471714|4.0|I recommend this video and Cindy's new video &quot;The Next Challenge.&quot;  I've been using both tapes for about 3 months and I've definately seen a change in my arms, abs and legs.  Her videos are really  easy to follow and they give you a great workout.  I was sore for the first  few times.  I recommend these videos to anyone wanting to tone up.
B000003N89|5.0|I saw Diana Krall on TV at the Newport Jazz Festival and loved her piano playing as well as singing. I bought this CD hoping it would be as good and it turns out to be a treasure. I can't think of another vocalist who sings these classics with more precision, subtlety and clarity. Every note is  defined! It's amazing. I find myself savoring with each listening the  stylistic nuances she's put into these standards. Her piano is also crisp  and bluesy but it's her vocals that take me to another place.  One other  note: the performance I saw was in a windy outdoor setting and her long  hair kept blowing in her face, prompting her to keep lifting her hand from  the keyboard to brush it away. I wondered if it was annoying her and why  she wasn't  tieing her hair back. Since then I've figured out the reason:  her looks are aggressively promoted by her label in the CD jacket photos  and press pieces. I think this does her a disservice because   an album  like this one is so superb, her looks shouldn't be an issue at all.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is the most incredible work I've heard in a long time - congratulations.  To all you old Santana fans - you'll love it!
0790729628|5.0|This movie is a marvel of Ridley Scott's genius in translating his visions to video. The directors cut is amazing, although I admit that I have never seen the original version. Yet I had no problem what so ever understanding  the movie minus the &quot;voice over narration.&quot; The truth is after 5  minutes I found myself fully emersed in the futuristic inuendo, and  automatically linked with Deckard's character. <br />Now the Unicorn sequence  i did not understand untill the end when I realized, it was not symbolic so  dont waiste the energy trying to decode it. The truth is as long as you pay  attention to the oragami found at the end the Unicorn dream will all come  together and everything will make sense so you can get a better overall  picture of who Deckard is(replicant wise). <br />I was to young to see this  when it was originally released(actually I wasn't born yet)but I know I  would have gone to seen it and I would have loved it. Its almost impossible  to believe it was released in 1982, the special effects are supurb and I  must give it up for mr.Scott for the visuals. In conclussion this movie is  a briliant sci-fi master piece and a must-see, but thats just my  opinion.<br />Ted O'Hanlan
B000021XR5|5.0|Not really being an STP fan (I hadn't heard too many songs), I wasn't sure what to expect from this CD, having heard &quot;Down&quot; on the radio only once, and thinking it only okay, and &quot;Sour Girl&quot; maybe twice  but loving it.  The appearance of Sarah Michelle Gellar in the &quot;Sour  Girl&quot; video made me notice the song, and I bought the CD on a whim and  almost regretted it before I put it in my CD player.  But luckily for me it  turned out great.  My very favorite song is &quot;Heaven and Hot  Rods,&quot; which is indescribable.  I also really like the more-mellow  &quot;Glide,&quot; &quot;Church on Tuesday,&quot; and &quot;No Way  Out.&quot;  &quot;Atlanta&quot; is a nice, pretty song as well.  The  balance of loud and more mellow music is perfect...I'd definitely recommend  this to anyone who likes &quot;Sour Girl&quot; but also to those who enjoy  the harder-edged stuff.  One thing that's weird: titles like  &quot;Atlanta,&quot; &quot;Pruno&quot; and &quot;MC5&quot; seem to have  nothing to do with the actual songs...it just seems a little funny.
B000002VC5|5.0|This is an essential recording, but not only for The Alan Parsons Project fans. If you are interested in so called &quot;progressive&quot; rock, you cannot afford to be without this album.<br />(Loosely) based on the Isaac  Asimov book of the same name, &quot;I Robot&quot; is an intriguing album  that digs deep inside one of modern man's worst nightmares: Robots  eliminating mankind. The liner notes tell it all, describing the album as a  study on the start of mankind's descent, because we tried to make a Robot  in our own image.<br />Philosophy issues aside, the music is completely out of  this world. From the title track, which is an ultra-complex mix of dense,  layered sound, full of phase shifts and other sonic effects, to the  straight rocker &quot;I wouldn't want to be like you&quot;, the album has  it all. It is one of the very few albums that have been released in almost  all the audiophile formats: CD, LP, remastered LP, Mobile Fidelity Sound  Labs CD and LP, remastered 20-bit CD, remastered japanese CD, and lately,  96 Khz / 24 bit DVD. <br />A true masterpiece, indeed.
6302662648|4.0|This movie proved to be a thrilling look into the lives of hackers.  While most hackering movies are based on illegal operations, this movie looks at the lives of a group of men who break into buildings and hack into systems  for security reasons.  It really gets exciting when the past of one of the  hackers catches up with them and puts all of their lives in danger.   Definitely watch this one for an action packed plot.
6301955676|5.0|This film is a great motion picture. Bruce Abbott, and Jeffrey Combs do a fine performance. Pretty much the plot is the same concerning the liquid green formula that brings dead people alive once again. The sex scenes are  okay. Bruce Abbott makes love to a nice slender voluptuous Chilean Girl who  looks quite hot. The theme song is really quite nice. This movie is very  good, and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see quality acting,  and a great plot. This is the only review you need to read, all others are  just not as enthusiastic as this one.
6305750750|1.0|A Lousy film designed as the Ultimate toy and merchandising Commercial hence the bad Acting and woeful Script.
B00004SVID|5.0|This cd is well worth the price.  For all Floyd fans who love the wall and even more, love the original band's performances, you'll love this.  The playing is tight and the sound quality is awesome.  With no visual effects  to go by, it can be hard to picture the entire performance, but i've never  heard a better performance from the band.  the backing group really helps  the music by adding a more dynamic sound.  The best part is when the master  of ceremonies is talking to the crowd and then is interrupted by the band  exploding into In the Flesh on both cd's.  this is one great live album  from one great live band.  buy it.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|John Williams has done Great Works&amp;it is Reflected Here.His Music is Timeless&amp;goes real Strong with whatever Film Concept He is Viewing.He Feels His Music.
6304806426|5.0|This movie was a grade a film. The cinemotography and all-star cast made it a wonder. The setting of the plot in war torn Italy and Egypt was exquisitely nostalgic. Ralp Fiennes as always was hypnotic to watch,  especially at the side of such an equally passionate leading lady, Kristin  Scott Thomas. The chemistry was very tangible especially in the flashback  scenes. Juliet Binoche, William Dafoe and &quot;KIP&quot; deserve equal  praise for theeir marvellous performances. I was overwhelmed and overawed  when I saw this film at the cinema. The DVD reproduces the experience of  the cinema all over again with perfect clarity and clean lines. You cannot  loose any of the magnetism of this film with the DVD.
B000002LGW|5.0|A must have for any one interested in DM or 80's music in general.  A superb collection of DM's best tunes in a live collection.  Sound quality is especially good, and the set list flows nicely.  You can feel the  anticipation of the crowd when Pimpf begins.  A live cd like no other...
0800116917|5.0|THE milestone in film history, comparable in glory only with &quot;Gone with the wind&quot;, &quot;Doctor Jhivago&quot;, &quot;Titanic&quot; or &quot;The English Patient&quot;. Peter O'Toole gives here his live time  performance (together with &quot;Becket&quot; and the &quot;Night of the  Generals&quot;.
B000002HPV|5.0|Was there ever a doubt that this album wouldn't surpass all her previous work? Not in my mind there wasn't for bjork has really gotten better with time, which is all the more reason to get excited for her next album. Having bought this years ago, I can assure any unsure listener that this cd  is timeless and will always remain a staple in your cd book.  Buy this cd quick  and play it over and over. Go hunting...you wont regret it.
B000000I0I|5.0|full of passion,love,misty atmospheres,loaded with lonesome cries and happy thoughts...for me,this music was like first experiences of true love ..
B00000JGOH|5.0|This is the most touching movie I've ever seen!  If you loved the movie that the romance is so intense that you have butterflies in your stomach and that you feel like crying this is a movie for YOU!  It explain how  Williwm Shakespeare wrote his play Romeo &amp; Juliette inspirered by the  woman of his dreams Viola. This movie is a great movie for those who loves  passion and it's mysteries. <br />P.S. Those who usually cries at the end of  movies, you will be served!
B00000JCB2|4.0|This CD is a little schizo to say the least. I really enjoy it and it fits any mood you happen to be in when you want to crank it. &quot;Rearranged&quot; is the most articulate,  &quot;N2Gether Now&quot; is  the funniest, &quot;Trust?&quot; and &quot;9 teen 90 nine&quot; are my  personal favorites b/c they have great beats and lyrics. it gets a little  raw at times but overall it's enjoyable. Fred Durst is a talented man who  should continue to explore this type of rap/rock!  Check it out if you want  something different, but it would waste your time if you like straight-up  thrash rock.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Quit buying this garbage, here's a list of bands worth buying; NEW BOMB TURKS, SWINGIN NEAKBREAKERS, HAGFISH, VON ZIPPERS, SUPERSUCKERS, ZEKE, TEENGENERATE, HELLACOPTERS, GOTOHELLS, BOTTOMFEEDERS, there, now you have  no excuse on what you should buy.  Do yourself a favor and don't waste your  money on bands like blink-182 because they are worthless.
630512762X|5.0|After years of making fantastic Hong Kong action movies, the finest action director alive John Woo went to America. His first two releases - Hard Target and Broken Arrow were both mediocre and displayed little of the Woo  genius. Face/Off corrected that. This is one of the finest action movies  EVER. Ok the story is far fetched, but with action scenes, dialogue  (&quot;I AM Castor Troy! &quot;,&quot;I hate to see you go, but I love to  see you leave&quot;) and performances this good you just dont  care.<br />Travolta and Cage both try to outdo each other in the 'overacting'  stakes and it works a treat. You can tell they had fun making this movie,  just like how you are going to have fun watching this movie. Hong Kong had  Hard Boiled, the US has Face/Off. And Castor Troy getting out of his car,  his coat flapping in the wind is still one of the coolest scenes ever! Roll  on Mission:Impossible 2!
0880381736|5.0|This is _the_ book that spawned a saga of over 80 books to date. Being a New York Times Bestseller, the quality of the book should be self-explanatory.<br />The story is set in a world of Krynn, a somewhat  peaceful world with magic. As the story progresses, it becomes apparent  that an evil force is stirring up in the northern lands. The people believe  gods are gone, and now worship a new set of gods. Anyway, enough of the  intro.. you'll enjoy much more when you read the book yourself.<br />The  characters are very well developed. All the characters have a detailed  past, which explain why they act that way towards the other characters.  While they never seem to completely get along, they always work things  out.<br />This fantasy novel is not just killing and fighting against evil.  There is humor, sadness, and romance. The humor comes from the kender (an  annoying race) named Tasslehoff Burrfoot, who always finds the fun part of  an otherwise very frightening or dangerous scene. A magician you'll meet  later on in the book also provides good comic relief.<br />The authors,  Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, have created a great world for more than  enough room for the storyline to progress and expand. The history is rich,  and evil is abundant.<br />This book is the first in a trilogy that started it  all. If you are a fantasy reader, you can relate the quality of this book  to the likes of Philip Pullman, Terry Goodkind, Robert Jordan, and of  course, J.R.R. Tolkien. If you aren't a fantasy reader, this can be an  excellent book to start with. If you want more, go ahead - there's over 80  books in the saga, with at least seven of them from Weis &amp; Hickman.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Sleepy Hollow is one of the most entertaining films in a long time. It is funny, scary, exciting and a visual masterpiece. The cast are all great especially Johnny Depp who is fantastic as the nervous detective, though  one of the (unbilled)stars is slightly wasted - you'll know who I mean if  you watch it. The most impressive thing about the film is its visual look.  You can tell that every single frame was carefully planned and the special  effects are fantastic. The executions/beheadings are gory but highly  stylised (have you ever seen a head spin round twice before it falls  off! ). Not the best Tim Burton film, but certainly a welcome return to his  gothic sensabilities after the kitch of Mars Attacks.  This is a lot of fun  and well worth a look.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This album is amazing.
0375707972|3.0|The Reader is a the story of a lost love.  Bernhard Schlink examines guilt, sorrow, and regret in the relationship between Michael Berg and his companion, Hanna.  Despite their age gap of 21 years, the two develop a  powerful relationship in which they become dependent on each other.  Upon  their mysterious division, Michael finds his life as one without  significant meaning.  Upon their reunion years later, Michael comes to the  realization of his own importance in Hanna's life.  The course of Hanna's   life following the reunion becomes once again dependent on Michael.  The  conclusion signifies their need for one another that was never fully  satisfied.  The story is both deep in thought and easy to comprehend,  making it an enjoyable yet perplexing read.
B00004SVID|4.0|I was a huge fan of The Wall back in '80, but alas, I never got to see the band play live.<br />This recording is fantastically clear and detailed, and the liveness puts the album in a context where it makes so much sense. The  vitriol and raw pawer of the sound are emphasised.<br />The book that comes  with the CDs is also great - the documentary commentaries are interesting  and the pictures convey a strong sense of what it must have been like to be  at one of these shows.<br />The arrangements are faithful to the originals,  but there's more thrown in - extended guitar solos and an instrumental  piece that recaps the motifs of the album.<br />Great played loud
0375707972|3.0|The Reader is a the story of a lost love.  Bernhard Schlink examines guilt, sorrow, and regret in the relationship between Michael Berg and his companion, Hanna.  Despite their age gap of 21 years, the two develop a  powerful relationship in which they become dependent on each other.  Upon  their mysterious division, Michael finds his life as one without  significant meaning.  Upon their reunion years later, Michael comes to the  realization of his own importance in Hanna's life.  The course of Hanna's   life following the reunion becomes once again dependent on Michael.  The  conclusion signifies their need for one another that was never fully  satisfied.  The story is both deep in thought and easy to comprehend,  making it an enjoyable yet perplexing read.
B000005ILF|3.0|Yes, Sting does excel himself on most of these songs, but on others he sounds terrible - like he has thrown a jam-track in the studio onto the album to fill space. (Witness &quot;Valparaiso&quot;.) But songs like The  Hounds of Winter will make you glad you bought this CD nonetheless.
B00004SVID|5.0|Incredible! I picked it up yesterday and was instantly blown away! This is the way The Wall was meant to be heard! While most of the reviewers seem to feel that Roger &amp; Dave deserve all the praise and credit I must  disagree. This was not an effort by individuals but a single entity, Pink  Floyd. Listen to the fine keyboard work by Richard Wright. For a member  that has been unceremoniously booted from the band, his muscianship does  not show it. Very professional and my hat is off to you Mr. Wright! Nick  Mason's drumming is also superb. Without the fine keeping of the beat this  would just be another recording. All in all I would say that these men need  to sit down together and listen to what they have done. If they would do  that, I believe they would discover that they truly need each other,  regardless of whose words or music it is, because they are a band only  together. ITAOT made me regret that I did not get to see them perform  together, but hey....this is as real as it gets. Gentlemen you are true  artists!
B000002UWL|5.0|When I bought this CD at first, I didn't pay much attention to it .. but after hearing it over and over, I have grown much appreciation for what this CD brings .. It's one of the best from PSB, I think it's definitely  better than Nightlife, not by much though ... The best song of course is  &quot;JEALOUSY&quot;, and It alone justifying buying this CD at $10
014028009X|4.0|Bridget's Diary was certainly entertaining. It had me laughing out loud in several scenes, and I enjoyed its parallels to Pride and Prejudice. Definitly worth your time if you are looking for something fun to read. Any  woman can relate to at least some part of Bridget's life.
B000002H6C|5.0|This album is probably the most introspective album Metallica ever put out, at least in the eyes and ears of this listener. The late great Cliff Burton was given his just tribute with this signal that Metallica were  going to continue his legacy through their own. This album has it all,  death, pain, and despair, all in a search to pay justice to Cliff and all  who admired both him and the band. This is their warcry against death, and  what a cry it is. It crushes the skull. There are still traces of Burton's  classical influence here, most of which would all but disappear in the next  album.<br />&quot;Blackened&quot;- the opening track is one of the best album  openers my ears have bled to in a long time. It's aggressive and dark,  immediately drawing you into the band's lament at their fallen  comrade.<br />&quot;And Justice for All&quot;- now THIS is a great song. Sure  it's long, but it is never dull. It shows the band in all their classical  metal glory, consistently changing and always heavy!<br />&quot;Eye of the  Beholder&quot;- may all see the truth, for this is probably my second  favorite song on this album. Listen to it, and if you don't see why...well,  then you're as deaf, dumb, and blind as the forgotten soldier in the next  track.<br />&quot;One&quot;- who doesn't like this song? It is an epic  testament to the evils of war, the ultimate symbol of our own inadequecies  as people and our stupidity as a species...the fallen, forgotten soldier.  The video took clips from the 1971 film &quot;Johnny Got His Gun,&quot;  which coincidentally mirrored the lyrics, though contrary to popular  belief, Hetfield and Ulrich did not write this song about that movie...they  hadn't even seen it at the time. Whatever, it is still probably their best  known song.<br />&quot;The Shortest Straw&quot;- just a great song. What else  is there to say?<br />&quot;Harvester of Sorrow&quot;- oh yeah! This song just  cries out the sorrow the band had to be feeling with that dirge funeral  march beat and heavy pounding guitar. Brilliant.<br />&quot;Frayed Ends of  Sanity&quot;- the use of the Wizard of Oz chant in the beginning made me  laugh, but it certainly does add to the overall insanity. This could  probably be best summed up lyrically as this album's  &quot;Sanitarium,&quot; only this one has a lightning fast rhythm and  frantic solos that just scream with power throughout, instead of  &quot;Sanitarium&quot;'s buildup.<br />&quot;To Live is to Die&quot;- R.I.P.  Cliff Burton.<br />&quot;Dyers Eve&quot;- again, there is not much to say  about this song other than it is a great closer and just another good  song.<br />I am somewhat disappointed with the production on this album, the  bass being drowned out, but leep in mind people, it is not shitty  production. It was done that way deliberately on the part of Hetfield and  Ulrich because keep in mind they were still bitter and sorrowed over the  loss of Cliff, and they took out their rage not only in the music but on  the new guy...Newstead. Imagine the shit he went through from the other  three during this period, and of course they're going to undermine him in  any way they can without killing the music. Cut the album a break on that  note, I'm tired of hearing about it. Anyway, this is certainly one of the  best heavy metal albums of all time, and a great eulogy to the lost hero.  If only the band could have continued in this direction instead of going  down the tubes afterward. As good as the Black album was, it lacks the  power and glory of this album. Hear the despair, enjoy the sorrow, buy this  album.
1558908455|5.0|I first caught this movie from the opening credits, right after the &quot;World O Liquor&quot; get's blown up, and was hooked. For me this movie was different from anything else I have ever seen. It starts out  setting up a kidnapping plot, but takes such a sharp turn in the middle of  the movie, you're left breathless. Another thing I really liked was the  fact that all you're good guys don't save the day and walk out of the movie  breathing, only Seth and Kate remain, which played for a really cool  ending. The soundtrack is also kewl, I found the cover theme &quot;Dark  Night&quot; by The Blasters to be a very good song, as most made-for-movie  songs are not.<br />You really should pick this movie up or at least rent it.  You'll find it a very different film.
B00000J7J4|1.0|One word says it all and I sure dont mean the group with that name. This is a great album for the teeny boppers
B00004SVID|5.0|Pink Floyd is one of musics greatest gifts. The Wall marked the end and perhaps the peak for the band. While the two &quot;new&quot; songs What Shall We Do Now and the Last Few Bricks medley are great to hear in this  masterful live recording, buy it for the definitive versions of In the  Flesh? and In the Flesh. Stunning stuff. Also pull out your dusty old  copies of Roger's Amused to Death and give it a spin. It's a gem.
0375707972|4.0|Schlink does a good job of keeping the reader, in &quot;The Reader&quot; interested from the get go.  From the beginning of the novel he talks about sex. Then he craftifully transforms to the more serious topics of love, war, death, the holocost, and court room actions to name a few.  The novel  has everything you need in todays Hollywood movie. I am actually surprised  that it has not been made yet.      I also like the shorter chapters to  make it seem like the book is going along fast in time.  This is another  way Schlimk keeps the reader involved.  When I read his novel I think of  Anne Frank and all her turbulations she went through. I actully think that  Schlink makes reference to her in his novel during the court room chapters.  I love this novel and reccomend it for not only the novice reader like  myself, but for more educated readers as well.
B000002B7O|5.0|I was 10 in 1984 when I first got this album, and it still haunts me to this day! I am not a musician but a fan and I can say that Black Sabbaths material is some of the greatest music in history. Diary, however not quite  as good in my opinion as his Sabbath work, is Ozzy's solo best and Randy  Rhoads definitely confirms his place as a legend. Listening to this 16  years later, I appreciate it more, it's better than I remember, and I will  never put it down.
0375707972|3.0|How much do your past actions really affect you later in life?  I think this is a question that this book addresses in a manner that I've never even thought of before.  It also confronts the reader with the question as  to how many past occurrences you are willing to overlook.  The story  revolves around a man, Michael, who has been infinitely impacted by a  series of events that took place when he was fifteen years old. The author  also presents the Holocaust in a manner that the reader can almost  sympathize with.  This is very different from many other novels on this  particular subject.  You come to know Hanna, another main character, as a  sweet older woman and Michael's lover.  Therefore, it is hard to condemn  her for her past actions, even though most people wouldn't even think twice  about sympathizing with what she did. Overall, I felt the book kept my  attention and made me think about some of my morals and my feelings towards  others.  I would definitely recommend this book, if for no other reason  than to give yourself a new perspective on the Holocaust and for the  experience of an interesting piece of literature.
B00003XB8K|5.0|An amazing collection of rhythm and sound.  Enigma truly outdid themselves!
B000002ADT|5.0|An album with a cool sound; easy to listen to and relaxing. 'Blue in Green' just stumbles along with delicate sounding double bass and piano. 'All Blues' is almost hypnotic in that the key changes are few and far  between but the improvisation is terrific; some really nice 'melodic  phrases'. A good choice of music to play after a meal with friends -  especially if they're not so fixated with jazz as perhaps you or I am. I  can't imagine how anyone could dislike this music - whatever their taste.
B0000027F3|5.0|THis is one of the best metal albuns ever produced. Judas did a complete turn in their style of metal, after the inocuous &quot;RAM IT DOWN&quot;. THey  replaced Dave Holland by drummer Scott Travis, stripped keyboards and  other inovations, and decided to play hard, speed metal with blistering  solos and gothic lyrics. Amazing!
B00004S6GL|5.0|I've been waiting to listen to this for awhile... I'm in heaven...<br />This album is amazing.  Elliott Smith just keeps on writing beautiful melodies and piercing, clever lyrics.  I know an album is great if I can love it no  matter what mood I'm in.  This one is one of Elliott Smith's best.
1559409002|5.0|Almost as eerie and unexplainable for me as the film itself, is the fact that this film has made it to DVD and by Criterion no less. This movie is close to my heart because I know Larry Sneegas, who played the young hood  at the beginning who asks the girls &quot;Wanna drag ?&quot; (Larry was  also part of the production crew for this and many other  &quot;industrial&quot; films with director Herk Harvey). The historic  Englewood theater here in Kansas City showed CARNIVAL a few years ago as  part of a tribute to local film makers and what a treat to see it for the  first time on the big screen! Larry has been gracious enough to loan me his  VHS copy of THE MOVIE THAT WOULDN'T DIE documentary that Criterion has  included ... some great background on this small-but-mighty film and I  can't wait to see all the other &quot;extras&quot; on the disc as well.  I've seen both versions of the movie (again thanks to Larry) and while they  each work marvelously, who wouldn't prefer the director's &quot;more  zombies&quot; cut?   The reviews below really capture the film's essence,  so all I can say is ENJOY !
B000002C1V|5.0|About ten years ago (after Roger Waters' Berlin show, actually) I became a huge fan of Floyd and Waters in particular, and went about buying all the CD's (including &quot;The Body&quot;!).  I was in the middle of being a  teen at the time and, well, the Floyd sensibilities made a lot of sense.   Anyhoo, with all the palaver about The Wall Live being released I Took out  all my Floyd CD's again and gave them a spin.  Hearing The Wall again put a  big, stupid grin on my face, in spite of it's moody tones.  But The Final  Cut is the one that really stands out to me now.<br />There is no other album  like this out there.  The sound of it, the flow of music, thought, lyrics,  motifs throughout and that voice.  Waters voice is an instument unto itself  - the way his howl at the end of the Gunner's Dream chorus becomes a  saxophone floors me every time.  It's too easy in this day and age to be  cynical about rock stars who articulate about war and it's consequences,  but really, as the last century ended, people tended to forget that it was  a century that saw more bloodshed than any other.  So it should be noted  that The Final Cut was born from Studio time working on re-recording the  Wall for its film version while Margaret Thatcher was sending British  troops to fight for the British Falkland islands which had been invaded by  their nearest neighbour Argentina, mainly to safeguard her position for an  upcoming election. With this backdrop, The Final Cut enquires if we have  learnt anything from the experience of war and examines some of the threads  left behind from The Wall itself.  As part of this, TFC looks at how the  machine of war can affect the individuals involved in it and born of it.   So, for example, the bullying teacher of The Wall is reintroduced on The  Final Cut as a tortured, isolated war veteran (The Hero's Return) who holds  close to heart the dying words of a war comrade (The Gunner's Dream).  And  as on The Wall wherein the paraniod Rock Star (Pink) reincarnates himself  as a war god, The Final Cut's title track examines the nature of intimacy  and paranoia of anyone, beit war veteran, rock star, you, me...<br />The music  is certainly of it's time with cold war references to Thatcher and Reagan  but it is far from dated.  It's heavy use of piano and strings and the  amazingly precise production will ensure it ages better than some other  Floyd material.  so after all these years and all those Floyd albums, this  is the one.  Hopefully I'll agree with myself in 2010.
B0000029GA|5.0|This is by far Nas' best album and actually does deserve consideration for the best hip hop album ever.  On this album everything just came together perfectly.  Even though it clocks in at under 40 minutes, there is not one  wasted second on it.<br />Nas did fall off.  I don't have a problem with what  he raps about now (and &quot;It Was Written&quot; isn't as bad as everyone  makes it out to be), but it just seems that he lost his hunger and desire  to be the best emcee out there.  That's what makes this album the classic  that it is.  That and the Hall of Fame that produced it.
B00000AFFF|1.0|Tripe, drivel, limp, and uninspired. I could not beleive my ears.  Elvis, what happened? Where were you?  Did I mention flat, boring, drippy, and annoying.  For new Elvis fans, please do not let this be your first  impression--normally, the man is very inspired/inspirational.  Sorry Elvis,  I made the record store take it back and apologize.
B000001DQI|5.0|As a long time fan of Elton, I can honestly say that this has always been my favorite recording!  My original LP was played over and over and I have since replaced it on CD!
B00003CWN2|5.0|Not only were all the performances in Boys Don't Cry fantastic, so was the directing by Kimberely Pierce.  She directed the film in a modern light, giving Boys Don't Cry and almost &quot;underground&quot; aestectic quality.   She used dark midwestern landscapes and splashed them with strikingly  bright colours of a city's neon lights.  Nebraska never looked so  alternative.<br />Oscar winner Hillary Swank and nominee Chloe Sevigny both  give standout performances, humanizing their characters making us believe  we are watching a real life situation unfolding.  The girl from the tv show  &quot;Roseanne&quot; also gives a great performance, along with the actress  who played the mother.  The 2 guys in the film who played the white trash  thugs give me the creeps.  That's how good this movie is, it honestly makes  you love and hate the characters with passionate intensity.<br />As for the  reviewer who only saw the film as &quot;teena brandon hanging out in bars  looking for lesbian sex&quot;, well you obviously missed the point of the  movie.  It's not a trivial &quot;feel-good date movie&quot;.  It has a  deeper, more important theme.  Boys Dont Cry is a story about a lost soul  searching for his/her identity.  While her search is battling against a  world with little campassion or understanding of her needs and feelings as  a human being.  The strident voice of middle American intolerance is  Brandon's ill fated downfall in life.  He only wanted love, because  everybody needs love.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I am a friend of Emma's and she was actually the one who introduced me to this album a couple of weeks ago and I was immediately captured by Didos talent. I love artists like Sarah McLachlan and Kirsty Thirsk and this is  right along my wavelengh.
B00004SVIK|5.0|This CD is awesome.  If you own the Wall, you already know how great it is, but this live album takes it to another level.  The guitar solos last longer (like on mother) which is much better.  The two unreleased songs are  great, and the album is a must for any Floyd fan.  If you like Pink Floyd,  get the limited edtion, you'll appreciate the book.  Just AWESOME!
B00000IFWE|2.0|This is tiring. I miss those Full Moon Fever times. I miss bright and clear acoustic guitars, cracked electric guitars and tight drum beat. Tom or somebody else, do it again, please.
B000002J0B|5.0|Ah, 1973: It was the year I was born, Pink Floyd put out the seminal [[ASIN:B000002U82 Dark Side Of The Moon]], and Led Zeppelin's arguably best release, \\"Houses of the Holy,\\" also came out. The urgent opening riffs on \\"The Song Remains the Same\\" signal great things to come. Jimmy Page does some marvelous twin guitar work, Robert Plant has an almost Chimpmunkish yelp, and we're off and running. \\"The Rain Song\\" quickly tones things down, a soothing, dreamy tune sprung from the South Carribean, with strings in the  background for further relaxing effect. \\"The Rain Song\\" might be Zeppelin's best acoustic song ever.<br /><br />Like Pink Floyd, Zeppelin refused to releasing songs as singles. And yet, structured pop shines through on the folkishly delightful \\"Over the Hills and Far Away,\\" the fun rock jingle of \\"Dancing Days,\\" and the reggae- flavored \\"D'yer Maker.\\" \\"No Quarter\\" contains a dimmer vibe, filled with buzzy guitars, a brooding piano, and Plant's isolated voice coming through in distorted tones, like a man coping with deep depression.  Midway through, John Paul Jones plays a beautifully serene piano, only to give way to John Bonham's smooth rhythmic drum kick. The band's cohesiveness is at an all-time high here, as everyone involved gets to  subtly show off. There's nothing coy about the next sublime rocker, \\"The Ocean,\\" which anybody with half a heartbeat could stomp along to.<br /><br />\\"Houses of the Holy\\" may have been Zeppelin at its height; the band could have called it quits after this record and still be assured easy classic-rock status. It's simply another great Zeppelin album that adds to a string of  greats. The guys kept their style simple, yet branched out a bit and explored new avenues. Some would even say that all Zeppelin albums after this one were pleasant icing on the cake. Of course, the same thing has been said about Pink Floyd after 1973, as well.
0967851408|5.0|The Master Key by Haanel follows the publication in the late 1880's of the book of the same name by Deslauriers. The fundamental principles espoused in both volumes are the foundational stuff of success in all aspects of  being. While there are many excellent works which seek to explicate the  human essence from a perspective of oneness, The Master key by Haanel is a  Masterwork. Having read the book repeatedly over some twenty years I find  each re-reading illuminates in my mind and hence my life, ever-new  understandings of our greater reality. As a psychotherapist I have assisted  others to a deeper realization of their positive, productive and incredibly  powerful state of connectedness. The Master Key by Haanel dispells the  imagery of mythology to strengthen and affirm our instrinsic strength,  worthiness and unity. Take the books advice and go slowly. While the flush  of discovery is still with you, read it slowly again and celebrate the  richness of your newly discovered beingness.
0425098478|2.0|Do you have a good critical thought process?  If not, then perhaps you should not read this book.  There are a few decent ideas in it, however, I found a great recommendation from another reader's review:  Read Dale Carnegie and Napolean Hill for more useful advice, techniques, and thought  processes.  Dealing with people is an art, not a science, and needs to be  based upon an honest desire to assist others.  Carnegie and Hill can help  to develop those ideals.
0375707972|4.0|This novel by Bernhard Schlink is a captivating tale of an erotic relationship with all it's twists and turns. I really enjoyed the Reader and felt that it was so captivating because it included many aspects of  life and growing up. I am only a few years older than Michael Berg, the  main character, and i could relate to his struggles in life and love.  Schlink puts you right in the shoes of Michael and the reader is able to  experience all his trials and tribulations as he matures. The reader can  sympathize because at one point or another we have all had the same  feelings or experiences and we become captivated with the novel. Another  reason that Schlinks tale is quite captivating is that the story takes  place in postwar Germany. In my experiences, I enjoy books that seem more  realistic and have the element of history involved. It gives the reader a  better appreciation for events during that time period but also makes the  novel itself more interesting. So, not only does Schlinks incorporations of  a young boys desires, thoughts, and disappointments help to captivate the  reader, so does the history integrated into the novel. This novel was very  cpativating from the beginning to the end. Because you know all Michael's  thoughts and desires towards Hanna, his older lover, you become more  involved in the novel. Michaels thoughts are like everyone's unspoken words  about many aspects of life. Some that we just don't like to express or feel  comfortable expressing. This novel appeals to everyone's senses and is a  captivating love affair that most can realte to. I recommend the novel for  anyone looking for easy reading to pass the time away.
0848813065|5.0|I do love the movie but the book is even better. I just couldn't put it down. It's a lot like &quot;The Pagemaster&quot;. A young boy gets sucked into his own story and comes back a different person. I have read about all  fairylands, Oz, Narnia, Terebithia, Neverland and Harry Potter's World, but  Fantasica is the Mother of all Fairylands. At the end I realized that the  greatest gift I could give to Mr. Wogglebug was the Water of Life.
630575067X|2.0|Yes the special effects were outstanding...but I found the characters lacking heart and passion. Obi was the one bright light and Anakin was believable....but I remeber when Darth Vader came on screen you were afraid  very afraid not so with this Darth Maul. Great fight scenes wonderful  cities the graphics georgeous. But overall I was disappointed it moved too  quickly and delivery of some of the dialog was like being read from a  script.
B00003CWN3|5.0|A story of a mischevous young man who like any teenager is a slight trouble maker when she comes into the small town. She befriends a group of boys and manages to get her self a girlfriend but what brandon teena knows  is a deep dark secret that if she reveals may even kill her.<br />   Played  perfect by Academy Award winner Hillary Swank she gives this mixed up woman  identity and depth that few movies have.This movie is a sad look that we  have much to learn as human being about exceptance an incredible and  thought provoking film.
B00002MZ2T|2.0|Savage Garden's follow-up to the brilliant debut album is disappointing.   The sound is very commercial and is the type of album that will become very dated in years to come.  The title track 'Affirmation' is a good example of  this as well as 'Animal Song'. America seems to love this band, but once  you've heard our newest group 'Killing Heidi' you'll wonder why you fussed  over this group.
6302038308|5.0|If I headed a studio and was told I would have a masterpiece if I backed a film with a horror plot about demonic corpses rising from the ground and a hero doing prat falls without nearly a full page of dialogue to fill the  first 40 minutes...I'd have blown my top and canned the project.  Here is a  true work of art and genius putting full creative effort from a talented  crew into a movie that redefines its genre, and does it perfectly.  Most of  the filming and editing is so tight and ingenious it will boggle minds for  decades to come.  A schmorgesbord of special effects techniques, oddly over  exaggerated reactions and reality bending sets show that every scene, EVERY  FRAME!, of this film is crammed with creative thought brought to life.   Perhaps the most telling value of this film is how it almost always will  grab a casual viewer/passerby similar to a fly stuck in honey: once you  glimpse this film playing you must watch to the end. This is the only  horror film I can safely put on the pedastal with 'Casablanca', 'M', 'Death  Wish III' or 'Citizen Kane'.  Some serious horror buffs and drama lovers  can't wrap their minds around this film, but that just shows their limited  capability of enjoying films that are purely entertaining.
B000002KBU|5.0|'Blue' is often regarded as the culmination of Joni Mitchell's development as folk singer and song writer. A few melodies and hooks that Joni had been honing in 'Clouds' and 'Ladies of the Canyon' found their happy resolution  in this album.<br />Music historians still argue whether it is a truly  confessional album. Some feel that the lyrics was written to present a  persona of Mitchell for a commercial purpose. This argument is totally  irrelevant. Even if the lyrics is not based on Mitchell's own personal  experience, there is no denying the immediacy of the songs which chronicle  aspects of love in a forthright and honest manner quite revolutionary in  the early 70s.<br />A mainly acoustic set featuring the piano, acoustic  guitars and drums, 'Blue' has a pervasive melancholy. There is teenage  idolation in 'All I Want', drunken passion in 'Carey', but there is regret,  longing and loneliness in 'River', 'California', 'Blue'etc. In 'Little  Green' and 'A Case of You', we find the essence of the album, the bitter  sweet nature of love. It's both sides now all over again. &quot;there'll be  icicles...and sometimes there'll be sorrow&quot;/&quot;you're my holy wine,  you taste so bitter, bitter and so sweet&quot;.<br />I have an affinity to  'The Last Time I Saw Richard'. The concluding wail always reminds me of  some parts of a Chinese opera. I was a little disappointed when Joni didnt  sing this song in her 'Wild Things Run Fast' in the early 80s.:)
B00003CWN3|1.0|It's remarkable that one year features two Hollywood films that win all the awards yet fail to challenge the thinking of the big city people who pass them out.  I didn't think a stronger exercise in big city  (non-suburban) self congratulation than &quot;American Beauty&quot;  existed, but I had not yet seen &quot;Boys Don't Cry.&quot; Who is honestly  challenged by this complacent examination of homophobia in small town,  white trash America? As regards the majority of the kinds of people who  will flock to such a film,   isn't &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; banging on an  already open door? There's no real conflict of views, since one side is  obviously sympathetic and &quot;advanced,&quot; the other benighted and  beneath contempt.  Neither the skill of the acting nor the technical polish  of the photography and direction can remove the inevitable boredom that  always afflicts tales of Giant the Jack killer.
0375707972|4.0|When reading The Reader, the person reading the book is drawn into the story through the excessive use of sex, intrigue and sickness. How the author uses the vast age difference between the main charater and his &quot;lover&quot; in addition to the mode in which the two meet, leaves the  audience mystified. after the intial shock, the pages begin to calm down,  and things, like the main charater, micheal, grow distant yet closer still  to his surroundings. As Micheal grows older and more mature, the audience,  too, grows.    In all, this is a very fast and easy read, any person mature  and/or willing to see from a new perspective will greatly enjoy this book.  The history used as a backdrop in the main plot will offer other books to  be explored. Or, it will trigger the audience to discover more about the  underlying subject. So, in a nut shell, I believe that I would recommend  this book to all of my friends and associates to read for enjoyment.
B00003W8NM|2.0|First of all, this movie starts out great, I must admit.  Butthen about halfway in, the structure starts breaking down, the moviegets very slow, plot holes get bigger, the story's tone changes from satire to pure fantasy, and the twist at the end is inexplicable and ridiculous.  <br /> ...its use of sex and violence is no holds barred and unabashedly in your face.  So what?  I see that kind of stuff all the time.  It's not what makes a movie good.  This movie is so disorganized and flawed--a mess, a mess, a mess, I can't stress how much of a mess this is.
0375707972|2.0|For me, The Reader was just another average love story that I read for class.  Man falls in love, loses love, finds ex-lover again and falls in love again.  The story, in my opinion, followed too much of a pre-set standard that has been seen in literature for years.  There were a few good  plot twists, and a good use of scenery, but overall I was disappointed.   Another part of the novel that disappointed me was the lack of flow.  The  plot jumped around a lot, skipping what I felt were crucial years in the  development of the protagonist.  I was often baffled by the thoughts of the  protagonist, and I felt that I got less out of the book because I could not  see where he was coming from.  The book also had a moral of sorts, and I  hate morals.
B00003CWN3|2.0|Watching this movie in the theater, I thought from the very beginning that it felt like a TV movie.  It was far too much of a cry out for the world to become comfortable with unconventional sexual politics to be called art.  The director Kimberly Pierce should just become a politician rather than be  a filmmaker if all her stories are going to be thinly disguised  university-campus speeches.  Plus, what's up with the movie's structure?   Instead of letting us know all about Teena's problems within the first act  we are kept in the dark about her whole background throughout the entire  movie's course, learning bits and pieces even far into the film.  Because  of this, we never really know why she makes the choices she does or why she  acts the way she does--we really have no clue who this person is.  And if  the director wants us to like Teena Brandon, well, she screwed up big time  on that.  From the beginning Teena is clueless, overly irresponsible, and  doesn't seem to care about the heterosexual girls' views on finding  out that they've been making out with a chick.  She just laughs it off and  keeps getting into trouble until she gets herself killed.  Real tragic.       And one more thing:  the director doesn't seem to have a clue how dumb  Teena's behavior is.  Pierce stages Teena's exploits as if they are just  those of a regular teenager partying and enjoying life, complete with a  rock soundtrack.  The movie feels like it's &quot;too cool&quot; at times  to get really deep.
B00003CWPR|1.0|So much controversy flew around this film that I thought it had to be worth checking out. The critics didn't like it, so that was another reason to give it a chance. When the end credits began to roll I knew that I had  finally found &quot;The One&quot;. I had found what I whole-heartedly call  the worst movie of my entire life. Ummm what was the plot? The only reason  it's worth 1 start is because Kidman and Cruise obviously did their best to  make something of this waste of film.
B00000JGHL|2.0|THE MOVIE WAS SOME WHAT BORING IN THE BEGINNING. IT PICKS UP IN THE MIDDLE. GOOD ACTING DONE BY PACINO AND CUSACH. THE ENDING WAS NOT GOOD AT ALL. IT WAS A BIG LET DOWN. I FELT SHORT CHANGED.
0800116917|5.0|Lawrence isn't the best movie ever made, but that really isn't a fault of its own.  To be honest, the storyline line is limited and relies on the sheer magnitisim of the protagonist (Peter O'Toole, as Lawrence).  This  does not imply that Mr. O'Toole fails, for he is believably captivating as  the desert hero Lawrence, and more than once transports the viewer to not  only a different time and place, but a different mentality of valor and  glory.  However, any lags in the storyline, are more than compensated and  overshadowed by the brillant cinematography of the film.  This is by far,  the greatest shot film of all time!  Forget about the others, they are no  comparison.  In widescreen formate, the viewer is transported to a gorgeous  Arabia, full of scintillating scenes that look almost too good to be real.   The power of the film, lies within the viewer.  I did not know much of  Lawrence before viewing this film, but immediately after, I sought out to  read his &quot;Seven Pillars of Wisdom.&quot;  Lawrence, really isn't  simply a film, but an experience.  If you have but an inkling of adventure  in your heart, this movie will never leave you.  If on the other hand, you  are a little more jaded, then the cinematography should at least please the  gallery.  It may not be the best film ever, but it may be the most  beautifull, and the one the stirs the heart toward far away things.  No  matter your connection, you can't go wrong with the small guy from England.
0684847817|5.0|THIS IS A SPECTACULAR BOOK!  I picked up this book one afternoon and could`ent take my nose out it!  This is a great book for kids that really like fairies.Remember, everyone should have a copy!
B000001DYY|5.0|The state of Tears for fears was shaky in 1992.  In this year, Curt Smith,  founding memeber with Roland Ozabal, left the group.  It was deicded that  Roland would continue on &quot;solo&quot; keeping the TFF name, and curt  went off and did a solo album, then formed his own band, Mayfield.  I  personally didn't grow up on TFF.  I mean, I was only 2 years old when The  Hurting came out.  I of course though rememeber Everybody Wants to.. and  shout.  I first bought their greatest hits album, and fell in love with  TFF.  I then noticed that they had one more top 40 hit after curt left,  break it down again.  I downloaded the MP3, and WAS IN LOVE!  I therefore  decided to get the album.  I wasn't expecting much, but I was truly blown  away.  I honestly do not consider this TFF.  It just seems to me that  stylistically this album is different from all their (his) previous.  My  favorite cuts on this album are: Cold, Break It Down Again, Dog's a Best  friend's dog, and Power.  The only song I skip over is gas giants (not one  for instrumentals).  Some of the songs have instrumental breaks that do  seem to meander too long (Mr. Pescimist, Brian Wilson Said), but it's not  that bad.  Overall, this is generally a great CD, and I would suggest to  anyone to go and pick it up.  And, just in case you are curious....their  follow-up (RATKOS) IS a great album as well, so if you like this one, go  out and get the other one, I swear, you wont be dissapointed!  Have a good  day!
B00004SVID|5.0|This album is by far the one of the greatest peices of recorded music that I have ever had the privilage of listening too.  When I first heard of the upcomming Live Recordings of the Wall, I reserved it immediately, and I was  not dissapointed.  These discs contain one of the greatest stories ever  told in music, and in my opinion, surpass the original studio recording.   The guitars are very bright, and the sound is perfect.  When I first heard  the guitars on &quot;Hey You&quot;, and &quot;Is There Anybody Out  There?&quot;, I coulld barely believe my ears.  The sound is beutiful, and  the music is powerful.  If it were not for the screaming crowds (which  always come in at the right time) it would be impossible to tell that this  is a live album.  This is a testament to the musical genius that was Roger  Waters and Pink Floyd.
B00000IQC8|5.0|This is one of those movies that you can watch over and over and over.  Every time you watch it you find something new in the movie.
1559408758|5.0|I want to do my part to get this DVD some attention:  I would like to add my voice to those who want this DVD re-released.  I have heard about Criterion's problems, but they're going to have more problems if I have to  track their headquarters down and crush them like so many 6&quot;  Stonehenge monuments.  BRING IT BACK, BOYS!
0684867621|1.0|This book was a waste of time and money!There was no character development, the story was weak and predictable.
B0000017CA|5.0|I was never more blown away by an album than I was with this one.  These lyrics are absolutely wicked, violent, wretched, etc.  Is this a good thing?  Damn right it is!  This is the most original material I've ever  heard.  Songs like &quot;Fingerprints of the Insane&quot; and &quot;Scream  of the Butterfly&quot; send chills rattling through my body every time I  hear them.  Some call this death metal, and it probably is.  But that  doesn't mean this stuff isn't good; hardly the case.  If you like heavy  stuff, it doesn't get much better or soulful than this.  Acid Bath is such  a complex band, categorizing their music under a cheesy scapegoat genre  doesn't do them justice.  Highly recommended.
B000002AHC|5.0|The Byrds fifth album is by far thier most experimental, using phasing and other processing techniques. It stands well beside such works as the Beatles White Album in spirit, and manages even to rise above it for the excess is reined in and the experimentation never overpowers the harmony and blessed melodicism. Groundbreaking, but grounded. A delight.
630575067X|5.0|I think this is one of the best Star Wars movies; much better than the first (ANH) and the third (ROJ) ones.  It is debatable if it is better than the Empire Strike Back (ESB).  I think that ESB has the best beginning  while the Phantom Menace (TPM) has the best ending.  What an incredible  lightsable battle at the end!  Darth Maul rocks!<br />It is worth buying this  movie just for the ending and pod racing.  I read some bad reviews written  by some people who didn't seem to understand the movie.  If you like the  first three Star Wars movies, you will like this movie no matter what.  The  movie has a great story (unlike others have suggested); everything will  make sense if you see the classic trilogy first.  Then, you will notice  that every dialogue and action has deeper meanings than it appears to have.   Enjoy the movie; you will like it.<br />If you have a little more money, get  the collector's edition.  Although it doesn't have much extra, except  15-minute behind-the-scene footage, you may want to see the movie in the  widescreen format.  The movie looks whole lot better in that way.  May the  force be with you.
B000001E7V|5.0|THIS HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE BEST RELEASES OF THE DECADE. TRANCE.  STREAMS OF CONSCIOUSNESS.  HYPNOSIS.  WHATEVER, BUT I BELIEVE ADDICTION COULD BE GOOD IF IT SOUNDS ANYTHING LIKE THIS.  IT IS SCARILY GOOD.
0783225547|1.0|The first movie Ive seen where the making of featurette was better than the movie itself.  I bought this on widescreen and Im sure after watching it once that I never will again.  I dont know how you could call this  better or worse than Volcano w/ Tommy Lee Jones. They both stink. It was a  whole hour before anything happened then 30 minutes of boring close calls.  I will give them credit for the bridge scene.  I had no idea those trucks  were miniatures. If you want to see a good disaster flix with LOTS of  action get Daylight w/Stallone. Not great, but at least that was action  throughout the entire movie.
B000021XR5|4.0|As a youngster, I enjoyed listening to the new and fresh Seattle-esque band (from California!) in the early 90s. Even with their debut, one could see that they were promising, innovative, and far above the rest of the  &quot;Grunge&quot; scene artists.<br />STONE TEMPLE PILOTS carry on this  tradition with No. 4. The thing that amazes me about STP is that they  change their style as time progresses -- without ever abandoning their  roots. This is especially evident in this wonderful release. While I've  generally had enough of the &quot;headbanging&quot; grunge genre of music,  they've got plenty of it here, but instead of recycling old Seattle trash  they take this hard rock to new and enjoyable levels. <br />NO. 4 is not  without its &quot;Ignore&quot; songs (you all know them, the tracks you'd  just rather skip over to get to a better song), but Scott Weiland and  Company more thank make up for this small defecit with the aforementioned  STP &quot;classics,&quot; which include &quot;Down,&quot; and &quot;Heaven  and Hotrods.&quot; Another noteable breakway track has to be  &quot;Glide,&quot; which most definitely (to me, anyway) has a 70s Hard  Rock appeal to it, blended with the familiar Seattle style.<br />However, the  REAL money tracks are &quot;Sour Girl,&quot;  &quot;I Got You,&quot;  and  &quot;Atlanta.&quot; These three songs are proof that STP continues to  refine a  constantly-morphing style, that continues to change for the  better.  Sour Girl is a catchy, and addictively sweet Pop-Rock tune that  will have you listening over and over (this is actually my favorite song at  the moment). I Got You is a wonderful mixture of Rock, and, yes, country.  It is a beautiful song that uses its full potential wonderfully. Atlanta is  a dark, but equally enjoyable tune that echos THE DOORS, both in the  chords, and in the vocals. Speaking of which, Scott Weiland has perfected  his form -- like STP's music, this versatile singer's vocals can change and  morph with each song -- and his voice is without a doubt a vital element  which makes No. 4 so addictive.<br />NO. 4 is a true comeback for STP -- they  are back and better than ever before.<br />4 1/2 Stars -- Highly recommended.
B00004SVIK|5.0|We all know The Wall with it's memorable lyrics and enchanting melodies.  Now take a step deeper into the music, imagine it played live.  The live performance beats life through all the classic songs.  This album is a  documented piece of Rock and Roll History.
B0000087QO|5.0|It's a peak for the band probably.  They wrote some great songs, and augmented those with a few great songs written by other people, to produce their most solid record to that point.<br />Clem Burke is a brilliant drummer.   Chris Stein is, in his sloppy way, a brilliant guitarist.  Debby Harry is  and was the bomb.  Blondie were a very underrated band, and this is a very  fine album.
0767849493|5.0|This is one of those movies that you're either going to love or hate. I loved it. It was a really great movie that really made you think. And for all of those people who got all upset, they probably hadn't seen the movie.  For if they had, they would have seen the disclaimer at the begining. I  feel that this (along with GO) Was one of the more overlooked films of  1999. The acting was great, it was cleverly written and above all, its just  a comedy!
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is a book that captures your attention from the first chapter.  Schlink incorporates adolecence, sex, war, and The Holocaust as he tell the story as a flashback.  His intergections of what he has learned throughout his years allows for the &quot;reader&quot; to have an idea of what is  happening in the bigger picture.  The book is very easy to read and follow.   It is hard to belive how quickly the book turns.  I recomend this book to  readers of all levels, it will entertain you throughout.  ENJOY!
6305205620|5.0|When I got this DVD I was in pure heaven. Their preformance was great. They played all of their best and popular songs. They also added many different interactions with the audience. The destruction seen was just  simply amazing. If your a fan of Metallica you MUST get this DVD.
B00004SVIH|3.0|First off, I have to be honest--I was disappointed with a few (technical) points on this album.  There are sound-errors that, in my opinion, could--and should--have been rectified before release.  &quot;Mother,&quot;  for instance, has an annoying sound imperfection that resonates throughout  the entire piece--a loud, sustaining buzz that intensifies when Gilmour  sings his chorus.  James Guthrie, the sound recorder/engineer, had several  live Wall recordings to choose from while compiling the album, so I cannot  really give him any &quot;slack&quot; in this particular criticism.  He  should have worked a lot harder at selecting and refining the songs. That  said, however; when the music (and sound quality) are good, they are,  indeed, stellar!  High Points--Goodbye Blue Sky; What Shall We Do Now;  &quot;Run Like Hell,&quot; and I really love &quot;Last Few Bricks;&quot;  it fits in nicely into the setlist, giving both the roadcrew time to  complete the on-stage wall, and giving the audience a nice &quot;sonic  recap&quot; of the First Act.  Musically, &quot;Another Brick in the Wall,  Part II&quot; is a bit dated here--it sounds less of a vicious, anarchistic  anthem/social statement, and more goofy and aloof in its  &quot;funkiness.&quot;  But the album more than makes up for the odd, dated  bits with other, more intense, sustaining songs that sound modern and  engaging as ever.  Pink Floyd were in a league all their own, and it DOES  show in this recording. If you are not a totally devoted fan--a Floyd  completist, per se--I might suggest that you stay away from the Limited  Edition version--it may not be worth the extra money for the extra photos  and info., and the CD's are packaged in such a fashion (stuck inside a  cardboard sleeve, unprotected) that they are scratched before you insert  them into your player for the very first time.  (I'm still glad I shelled  out the extra cash for the large booklet-version, however) I give &quot;Is  There Anybody Out There&quot; a &quot;hesitant&quot; 3 stars.  I would like  to give it a 4, but I just cannot overlook the inconsistency of the sound  quality--especially since this set is as expensive as it is, and Guthrie  had months to rectify the errors.  But, it's still worth looking into--it  is as close as Floyd audiophiles will get (unless the &quot;cashcow  execs&quot; ever decide to release the filmed live-show in the near future)  into experiencing the amazing spectacle that was the Wall, live.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Having just seen the film, I have to say &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; is one of the most amazing films I've ever seen. Swank's performance could have gone horribly wrong, and yet she kept the tour de force up for the entire  two hours of this mesmerizing film. What I liked about it was:<br />1. The  direction: Remember, this is a first film. Kimberly Pierce had worked five  years to bring her script to the screen, and does so in a refreshing,  UNPRETENTIOUS way I really related to. Like &quot;In Cold Blood&quot; and  &quot;Badlands&quot; she focused on the life of these midwestern characters  in such a genuine way that I wouldn't be surprised how people might not be  blown away by it. In fact, it is a SUBTLE approach that I find more  effective in films, I'm all for special effects as in &quot;The  Matrix&quot; and the aesthetic elements of say, &quot;American  Beauty,&quot; but Pierce's ear for dialogue and her vision of Falls City as  this vast wasteland where young people don't have much of a future and are  filled up with frustrations was inspiring. She told a HUMAN INTEREST STORY  against BIGOTRY in such a DECENT way that even the VILLAINS came out as  being all too human. The narrative structure, while not flashy, was quite  complex and hard to get away with. There was a flow to the film that gave  it the heart that was needed to accurately represent the characters. It's a  SHAME that Pierce fell to the wayside in the awards season--simplicity  seems to be overlooked because most people don't realize that attaining  such an ability is the hardest thing in the world.<br />2. The acting: Hilary  WAS a boy. Her movements, her countenace, everything. Our complicity with  her character made me realize just how strong a performance she gave. Every  second, in her face, I could see the fear of being found out. All the  complexities of Brandon Teena came alive with a movement of the lips or  with a certain look. The need to please everyone while at the same time  compensating her mere existence with lies and deceit. It is a very  demanding role that she pulled off magnificently. And more importantly, it  is a new kind of role. I've seen the controlling/hysterical woman Annette  Bening played (Faye Dunaway in &quot;Network&quot; to name one). But in the  type of role Swank had to play she had little to work with (Jaye Davidson's  Dil in &quot;The Crying Game&quot; comes to mind) and yet she avoided  becoming a pitiful figure, and managed to give Brandon an inner beauty that  wasn't preachy or contrived.  CHLOE SEVIGNY was incredible. As a matter of  fact, she impressed me even more than Swank. It is a subtle, powerful  performance that also rises above any other &quot;girlfriend&quot; type  role I have ever seen. She endowes Lana with the ability to really love and  care for Brandon and is truly the ray of hope in an otherwise dark movie.  PETER SASGAARD is also a stand out as John Lotter, because he was so human.  An insecure, childish, violent man who is also capable of showing a lot of  affection for his daughter. The undercurrents of BRENDAN SAXTON III's  performance are also worth mentioning simply because  it shows without a  lot of words the confusion he must have felt when he found himself  attracted to this &quot;guy.&quot;  There are so many layers to this film  that I could go on and on praising it. Of course I have one problem with  it: <br />1. THE FACTS: Like &quot;The Insider,&quot; &quot;The  Hurricane,&quot; and a million other films, BDC plays with the facts.  Another person was murdered in that house, an African American male. I feel  that for the film's sake, it was VITAL to focus on the Lana/Brandon  relationship, but being familiar with the case, I thought they could have  handled the misrepresentation of the third victim better.<br />In short, it  was an amazing movie. Best one I've seen since &quot;Election.&quot; But  unlike &quot;Election,&quot; it doesn't deal with already explored themes.  This is unexplored territory Ms. Pierce was going into, and she came  out--as far as I'm concerned--as an extremely promising filmmaker who will  hopefully continue to tell socially relevant stories in this f&amp;#*ed up  world in which baseball fans give a standing ovation to a bigott and even  wear t-shirts that say &quot;JOHN ROCKER FOR PRESIDENT&quot;
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This cd almost got the 5 star.  However, it's not the best one in the world.  It has some really raging riffs, and the songs carry a really cool message.  I just wish they made it a little longer.  It would have gotten a  5 star then.
B00003CWN3|2.0|I was one of the first to call the video store at which I am on a first name basis with the people. Being a film student, I love what independent film has to offer and I wasted no time in getting my copy of Boys Don't  Cry. I must tell you that the performances of Hilary Swank and Chloe  Sevigny were as expected- fine tuned and focused, with Swank's talent  stretched to the limit. But the movie itself was positively lackluster and  bland. Be it the directing, the storytelling, or the continuity (what's  with the sudden shot of the Dallas skyline in the middle of Nebraska, was  it just some indicator of how stoned everybody in the scene was?), this  film is like real life in two ways. It is made up of pivotal events,but  more to the point, it is underdramatized in many places. If I wanted to  look at a bunch of ordinary Joe-six-packs just hanging around doing nothing  but drinking beer and wasting what little brains they have, I would not go  to the movies, I would simply go to a baseball game.
1559942665|3.0|This book pertains to the bidding maneuvers by the junk bond brokers that led to the fall of the RJR-Nabisco conglomerate.  The book builds up on the histories of both RJR and Nabisco from their beginnings, their union and later the stock buy out.  I enjoyed the first part about the stories of  both companies and how they got built.  I did not enjoy towards the end the  increasing profusion of names of junk bond traders and other companies that  made everything suddenly hard to keep track of.  In the end, about half of  the time the book focuses on the bids and counter bids and building up on  'suspense' on who is going to get the final bidding.  This might have been  more interesting in the 80's but nowadays, it may be too long.
B00000DF6O|5.0|One of the best blues albums ever.  Great mix of songs and styles.  Cuts with piano are magnificent. If you love blues with an outstanding back-up band, this is the CD for you. I have not stopped listening to this CD since  I got it. This is not just a &quot;B.B. King&quot; album, it is a BLUES  album at its best!
6300274268|5.0|AIW is my favorite disney movie, its the most colorful, has the best songs, and the most creative. my favorite scene is the one w/ the flowers, and they sing &quot;all in the golden afternoon&quot; and call alice a  weed.  i recommend this for everyone, no matter how old u are :o)
B00000DF6O|5.0|One of the best blues albums ever.  Great mix of songs and styles.  Cuts with piano are magnificent. If you love blues with an outstanding back-up band, this is the CD for you. I have not stopped listening to this CD since  I got it. This is not just a &quot;B.B. King&quot; album, it is a BLUES  album at its best!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Affirmation is a terrific CD.  It's not often I buy a CD and like every song on it.  I can listen to their music over and over.  Savage Garden is truly fabulous.  The music and lyrics in every song are great.  This is one  of the best CD's I own.
0375707972|3.0|Mr. Schlink has done well with this creation.  He has made a piece of interesting fiction that can be read and understood by most readers.  Although &quot;The Reader&quot; is not a simple story of a reader and his illiterate listener.  As any reader begins this novel they are immediately  swept up into the action.  Schlink grabs ahold of the reader firmly and  guarantees their continued interest with a story of a passionate  relationship.  Ironically, the author tries to gain our interest by our  emotional involvement in a relationship, which itself, is lacking much  emotion. As we approach the climax, Schlink suddenly changes the entire  mood and pattern of events. What started out as a simple story of  eroticism, soon develops into a thought provoking novel of one man's  struggles.  He struggles with society, political issues, and moral  decisions as his life withers away. More irony appears as we see all his  troubles center around the one thing that once made him happy. His first  joy, his only love, and his biggest worry consume his entire life. He  doesn't want to be with it, but can't live without it.  Schlink leaves the  reader thinking through and after the last page. What would this man's life  be if his love, his obsession, were to die?
B000003RCY|5.0|I have discovered rammstein and his first album &quot;herzeleid&quot; by listening to the symphonic track &quot;du riechst so gut&quot; who represents truly the strange spirit of this album.Rammstein reminds me  depeche mode but with more noisy guitars and more industrials sounds
B00004SVID|4.0|The Wall live is by far one of the most spectacular live show ever produced by any rock groups. The stage show, and the sound are almost incredible. Pink Floyd tried to captured every sounds possible in the  studio and put it out on the live stage. Well, The amount of works did take  a toll of pink floyd. It is irony that Roger Waters hate the concept of  live show. And You know the rest of Pink Floyd history.. Anyway, This album  is very good but it is the album that remind me of Pink Floyd's darkest  days..
6305657947|4.0|Smart and sexy movie - A notch above the usual Hollywood Fare. A little more charachter development for Pierce Brosnan's lead charachter  would have tied up a few loose ends though - Rene Russo is simply radiant - This  DVD deserves special notice for the quality of the Video which is stunning.  You will enjoy this movie on DVD!
B000002AZ8|5.0|PEARL JAM WEIGHS IN HEAVY ISSUES WITH THIS ALBUM: ABORTION, DEATH ETC. I LOVE MUSICIANS WHO CAN EXPRESS THEIR OPINIONS ON ISSUES WELL IN THEIR MUSIC. &quot;CORUROY&quot; IS THEIR BEST SONG OF ALL TIME, AND MOST OF THE  OTHER SONGS ARE GREAT TO. ANYONE WHO OPPOSES ABORTION SHOULD RESEARCH THE  TOPIC MORE. &quot;STUPID MOP&quot; IS STUPID.
B00000F1D3|4.0|I got this CD last summer because I liked the title song a lot. The line in the song, &quot;Do you believe in life after love/I can feel something inside me say&quot;, give me chills EVERY time I hear it! Great song for a  comeback!  &quot;All or Nothing&quot; is another great song.<br />Here are the  rest of the songs(in the order that I heard them when I played it randomly  on the computer):<br />&quot;The Power&quot;: I like the song, but I am more  partial to Amy Grant's version because I heard that one first.<br />Track  9(can't remember title): I didn't like that one very much. Also didn't like  the line &quot;Love is the groove in which we move&quot; being repeated  over and over again. I think it'll grow on me after a while.<br />&quot;Strong  Enough&quot;: I think this was a great choice for the second single. It  sounds 70s, like one reviewer said, but I think it fit right in with the  late 90s. A great song to dance to.<br />&quot;Runaway&quot;: Not very  danceable, IMO. This is one of the weak parts I mentioned. I have mixed  feelings about this one.<br />Track 6: An Italian song with a Latin beat? It  seems weird at first, but the two combinations together make for an very  interesting song. I think it fits together nicely.<br />&quot;Taxi Taxi&quot;:  Odd lyrics, but it has a nice beat and easy to dance to. Besides, you don't  usually pay attention to the lyrics when you dance, do you? &quot;Taking  Back My Heart&quot; is another danceable song with a good beat.<br />&quot;We  All Sleep Alone&quot;: This remake is danceable, but if I think about the  original, which I like, the techno beat doesn't really go with it.
068483605X|5.0|This is a book appreciated by sociologists, naturalists, and children (or the young at heart).  The book began as a story Adams would tell his children on long car trips. Adams expanded his knowledge of rabbits by  reading &quot;The Private Life of the Rabbit&quot; by R.M. Lockley before  writing the book. Lockley discribes the rabbit as being slightly less  intellegent than a cat. Although this does not even approach Mr. Stuart's  impressive I.Q. of 141 (April 15th reviewer), it is on par with dogs. I  found Adams discription of the natural mating and bathroom habits of  rabbits informative and not at all &quot;really bad&quot; or unpleasant.  Being at the bottom of the food chain, rabbits do no harm except to other  rabbits, unlike humans, at the top of the food chain, who harm everthing  including other humans. During their journey to find a new home the rabbits  encounter other rabbit societies and learn what to and what not to  incorporate into their own new society. Watership Down is a wonderful book  that can be enjoyed by children and even intellegent adults with a  moderated amount of imagination.
6301008545|4.0|GOOD SCREWBALL, EIGHTIES KINDA MOVIE.  I WAS 14 WHEN I FIRST SEEN IT,, SO I RECENTLY BOUGHT THE VIDEO,,,  ITS CUTE!   WORTH MY SIX BUCKS
B00000J2PH|1.0|I THINK THIS IS THE WORST ALBUM I HAVE EVER HEARD! MY BROTHER OWNS THIS ALBUM AND EVERY TIME HE PLAYS IT,IT STARTS TO ANNOY ME! FOR ALL OF YOU CAROLE KING FANS GO BUY A JAMES TAYLOR ALBUM OR A SANTANA ALBUM BECAUSE THOSE TWO ARE MORE POPULAR THAN CAROLE AND I EXTREMELY DON'T RECOMMEND THIS  ALBUM!
B00003Q438|5.0|This edition of The Abyss is a must have for any DVD collector.  The sound quality surpasses many excellent discs I've heard recently.  The Dolby Digital surround is amazingly good.  I had to turn my sound system down  while watching it.  The video quality is amazing.  I was blown away by it.   It should be everyone's reference disc.
B000002UAI|4.0|This is not the Beatles most inspired album, but it has plenty of charm and character that has been lost in its translation to compact disc.<br />Please, Apple, EMI and all surviving ex-Beatles, remaster the first 4 CDs of the British Beatles Catalog. I have mono vinyl pressings that sound richer and warmer than the the first four Beatles compact discs. Please give the Beatle musical catalog the respect that it deserves.
B0000024SI|5.0|Bob's first all rock'n'roll album is one of his best. The playing is better than the electric part of Bringing It All Back Home, and so are the the songs. The album is filled with such wonderful surreal imagery and  wordplay that it doesn't matter that it's all meaningless, as Bob writes on  the liner notes. Highlights: Like A Rolling Stone; Tombstone Blues, absurd  and hilarious, with killer guitar playing by Michael Bloomfield; the great  blues It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry; the creepy Ballad  Of A Thin Man; the hypnotic ballad Desolation Row. Essential listening  indeed.
B00003CWN2|5.0|Kimberly Pierce's brutal movie is not what you might expect.  It does not make a hero/heroine out of the doomed character of Brandon Teena; instead, this movie exposes, through an unusual series of real-life events, the  pathetic simple minds that live all over this country of ours.  The  white-trash, hopeless characters that populate this story are without  exception reprehensible, and as the story moves towards it ultra-violent  conclusion, it becomes clear that even Brandon Teena, for all of his/her  conflict and struggle, is more than an active participant in his doom.   This movie exceptionally well-played, and directed and written without a  specific viewpoint; the filmmaker wisely allows the characters, their  actions and the pitch-perfect atmosphere and set decoration evoke a  soulless pocket of people without a conscience.  Boys Don't Cry is an  eye-opening experience in surprising ways, and despite Hilary Swank's  marvel of a performance, it is not Brandon's sad identity crisis that will  haunt you long after watching his story, it is the fact that the people in  this movie really live out there, and in large numbers.  Now that is  blood-curdling.
B00003CX9Q|5.0|Well, that is truly a beautifully filmed movie. I can't wait for the dvd release. I have both versions, the original, and the Michael Jackson commentary version. They are both excellent, and I hope on the Dvd that  they have a language selection for the commentary by Mike! Way to go Steve  and Mike!
B00000K19E|4.0|Finally Keanu Reeves has found the perfect role: his Neo is a human blank slate who goes through a harrowing transformation while discovering the horrific secrets of The Matrix.  An eye-popping, non-stop thirll ride, the  Wachowski's super-cool movie astounds you at every turn, and its dizzying  pop-psychology and wildly fantastic premise is actually thought-provoking.   Like all good rides, it moves like lightning, so you better pay attention;  this movie is crammed with lots of subtle touches, and the Oscar-winning  special effects require at least a second viewing.  Four stars instead of  five for one reason: for all its slickness and entertaining thrills, the  characters in this movie do not illicit the kind of pathos they might have  with just a bit more personal history and interaction; it is more a series  of posturing without real heart.  With the hyper-cool Carrie Moss as Neo's  potential babe, just a bit more stylized romance a la The Terminator would  have made given this movie more emotional resonance, though as it stands it  is a science fiction classic for the ages.
6305308659|5.0|I found the film to be very symbolic of Adam &amp; Eve in the garden of Eden.  Don Knotts character of the Television repairman is a cross between God and Satan.  He puts the kids in Pleasantville (Eden) to act out the  characters on the show.  It's by Reese Whitherspoon's character deflowering  the captain of the basketball team that crosses the line of 'eating from  the tree of knowledge.'    When Toby Maquire's character is in the park  with the other school kids talking about life and books, it is one of the  school girls, in black and white, that presents Toby with a bright red  apple (forbidden fruit).  Even when the tree in front of the familiy's  house catches on fire (burning bush) symbolizes the displeasure of God.   Knotts/God character communicates with the kids, to tell them that he wants  them out of Pleasantville, cause the are ruining the show is very symbolic  to the explusion from the Garden.
0440219078|5.0|This book is one of the best books I have ever read. I htink Jonas was very brave for leaving his community. It's a book you MUST read and I know you will love it!
1573226521|1.0|This is a book that you keep reading, expecting it will go someplace.  &quot;They are setting up the background of the charators,&quot; you think as you read.  Then you find yourself half way through the book and it still  has not developed a plot.  The only interesting point made by the book is  that of the dilemma of tourism - people want to go to places that are  unique and unspoilt, but as soon as they are found, they are no longer  unique.<br />I have not seen the movie, but based on so many comments about  the book being better than the movie, I can only hope I will be spared this  torture.
6305280711|3.0|The worst from the trilogy the secondary actors where the ones who destroyed this movie together with some parts of the story but the secondary actors the captain, the FBI agents, the secretary nobody knew how  to act only Willis, Jackson and Irons all of the rest where a waste of  money and damage to the film which already had many plot holes.
B00004SC3M|4.0|1st, I just want to say that I really enjoyed this movie. but I feel like I have to warn people that want the special edition dvd, it's not that great. I wanted it for the deleted scense and the alternate ending, well,  they stink.  there is no talking in these scenes, just sound effects. so  you have no idea what is really going on or what they are saying, unless  you can read lips. the ending is pretty stupid too, plus, no speaking, so  who knows if it could have been better. the director's commentary can be  interesting and the trailers and 'making of' are good to watch, but I was  really looking forward to the extra footage and am tremendously  disappointed.  but the movie is pretty good if you haven't seen it. but  it's not worth it to do what i did and buy another copy if you already have  one.
0684872153|3.0|It was the rave reviews on the back of the book which persuaded me to buy the book.  I am always out to read experiences or stories that are unusual and extraordinary and the reviews cried out, &quot;This is IT! &quot;<br />I  was quite surprised as I read the first few pages.  Firstly, the English  was not standard.  Secondly, there were no punctuation marks which  indicated which parts were speech.  Many atimes I had to reread certain  sentences to get things straight.<br />Technicalities aside, the story was  marginally funny and Frank McCourt's life is quite a sight to behold when  he was a child.  If you want a taste of how difficult life can be, Frank is  the man for you.<br />Although Frank's relatives were not fully developed, you  can picture in your head his almost always drunken father, pitiful mother,  scrawny and hunched-back grandmother, generously-fleshed Aunt Aggie and the  lovable Uncle Pa.<br />See Frank as he nurses his twin brothers as a 4 year  old, steal his first apple and almost die from typhoid.  As with all  growing pains, watch him learn about the &quot;excitement&quot; and be  there with him as he experienced it first with a girl on Carmody  Street.<br />A fine piece of work, very educational.  Pity the punctuation.
B0000027RL|2.0|In the tradition of bands reviving music styles popularized in the '70's, we have PEARL JAM. This album is not very good, but the three video hits &quot;ALIVE&quot; &quot;EVEN FLOW&quot; and &quot;JEREMY&quot; are all good  quality songs and make the listener want to replay. So, I would only be  able to recommend this to fans of the band.
1573226521|5.0|This was one of the best books I have read in a while - I could not put it down. At the end, I was actually sitting on the edge of my couch, with my hand over my mouth, reading as fast as I could - and when it was over - I  just had to sit for a minute and shake my head. It blew me away. I have  recommended it to many people.
B000002UY5|1.0|It's hard to think anything could be as trying as listening to NIRVANA or the haters of COURTNEY LOVE, but there is. This '70's repreival band with their sleep-enducing pillow groove rock. Not even their huge hit &quot;No  Rain&quot; can save this album from being a boring sleeper. Put this album  to bed, where it belongs.
6304118392|5.0|I find that this movie realy protrays what the plot was getting out.  Oliver Stone is a genous director with his artistic talent for cinema photography. This really shows throughout this whole film. I recommend this  movie to all adults, but if those people can take the violence which this  movie defenetly has.
B00003Q438|4.0|Even though the box says it is &quot;Enchanced for Widescreen TV's&quot; it isn't.  That was the only disappointing thing about it.  Otherwise it is wonderful.
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side of the Moon is a flawless, perfect album in every way from start to finish. Each track has its own unique personality to it, and once you start listening, you won't want to stop. In my opinion, the best track on  this album by far is Time. It is probably the best song I have ever  listened to in my entire life.     If you haven't picked up this album yet,  I suggest you do so now. Long live Pink Floyd!
1559408898|1.0|RoboCop is clearly among the best science fiction films that &quot;Hollywood&quot; has put out in the last twenty years.  You can easily get distracted by the &quot;comic&quot; violence, by the special effects,  by the cynicism, by the less than complimentary perspective on  &quot;capitalism&quot; and consumerism, whatever.  Yet the essence remains  that this is a great science fiction film.  The DVD Criterion Collection  edition of RoboCop is a real disappointment, however, and I do not  recommend buying it!  This is supposed to be a &quot;director's cut,&quot;  but it is really inferior to the theoretical version and it is inferior to  DVD collector editions overall.  The print quality of this  &quot;version&quot; is most unsatisfactory.  The &quot;non-anamorphic  letterbox&quot; is decidedly, unmistakenly inferior.  Why was this done?   There is no excuse for this.  The added footage really diminishes the film.   It adds no substance, it adds no special dialogue, it adds no special  effects, it provides no additional insight into the characters or story, it  adds nothing for a film making artist to learn from.  RoboCop is such a  great story.  I hope Verhoven will work to pull the Criterion Collection  edition off the market and help put together a great DVD version, a version  that fans will respect, appreciate, and remember.
B00003W8NM|5.0|As I shuffled through the reviews of this film I was surprised by the number of either 5 star or 1 star reviews.  While I am merely another of the 5 star crowd, I would like to address those who object to this movie  and dismiss it stating that there are no redeeming qualities.  Obviously  someone is missing the point.  This is not a movie about violence (of which  it is not extremely violent - a 6 out of 10 on the violence meter).  Nor is  it a movie simply about being bored and white (keep reading the  reviews...).  This is a brilliant film with a hard-edge Marxist  throughline.  Violence and chaos are used as tools in an elaborately  developed satire of the American lifestyle (the one-time American dream.)  Don't believe me?  Read the book... it's brilliant as well.  While I would  agree that this is not for everyone... those who strive for intellectual  stimulation, a great story, and a little bit of seditious fun: this film is  for you!
B000004286|5.0|Quite simply the best CD I own.  The music is breathtaking...
B000002U8G|5.0|This is would be a great CD by any standard except when compared to Floyd's later works.  If not for the mediocre &quot;Seamus&quot; and &quot;San Tropez&quot;, this release may rank with their very best, but  instead it lags just behind DSOTHM, WYWH, A, and TW.  You can really hear  David Gilmour making a bigger impact on this record.  &quot;One of these  Days&quot; just rocks and the accoustic &quot;Fearless&quot; is the best  radio song on the album.  But &quot;Echoes&quot; is a masterpiece.  Clocking in around 18 minutes, it sets the stage for their future music on  DSOTM and WYWH.  I describe it as kind of a jammier, rawer version of  &quot;Shine On..&quot; (but maybe better?).  Meddle is certainly a must  have and is worth buying the whole CD for Echoes if nothing else.
6302453356|1.0|Hook turns a wonderful children's story into two hours of self-indulgent adult angst.<br />On the good side, Dustin Hoffman was brilliant as Captain Hook.<br />However, a major disappointment was Robin Williams.  An overweight,  flabby, middle-aged neurotic is not my idea of the Peter Pan character.  A  close second was Julia Roberts, who was utterly boring as TinkerBell.  Did  she consciously decide to tank this potentially wonderful character or was  this just horrible direction?<br />But the worst part of the movie, by far,  was the Lost Boys.  Don't expect to see the carefree, rowdy, adventurous  boys of the novel or other renditions.  Instead, Hook's Lost Boys are  unsympathetic bullies who look, sound, and behave like thug gangbangers.   They completely ruin the movie and demolish ANY sense of childlike  innocence which is the true heart of the original story.<br />This movie  proves that assembling a lot of big name, expensive talent, placed among  lavish sets, doesn't guarantee of movie worth watching.  A major  disappointment.
0671004107|5.0|Contact is slow going at times, and the story wanders occasionally, but in the end you end up with an inspiring and alltogether magnificent novel.
B00000I8UE|5.0|This is an amazing recording.  Cassandra Wilson uses her voice as an instrument of the highest level.  She sets the gold standard for modern jazz vocalists, with her velvet smooth sound.  Her interpretation of these  Miles Davis standards brings a fresh viewpoint to well known and often  copied songs.  She is true to the feeling and emotion that Miles brought to  these songs.  I only wish Miles and Cassandra were able to collaborate on  this recording.
0783240287|4.0|I saw the Toronto stage production twice (with Donny Osmond) and loved it. The DVD is almost as good as being there again. My only complaint is that the megamix at the end is played over the credits rather than with the  performers as in the stage version. Donny was great (of course!).
B000002KIE|1.0|Someting tells me that the Pistols, the Ramones, the loathsome Green Day, and the rest of the genre could have achieved as much musically if they had been playing car horns and trash cans as opposed to musical instruments.   Do you self-deluded &quot;rebels&quot; really think that punk was about  liberation and freedom?  It was about finding a new way of separating a  bunch of gullible, immature fools from their money.  Mission  accomplished.<br />&quot;Pogo On Dudes!&quot;  Duh.
6303201962|5.0|Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan is the best Trek movie ever. It has action, drama, and a great ending. For this Widescreen is definately needed, unless you think Widescreen is bad.
0792837614|3.0|I know this a musical, I found some of the scenes funny. Especially when a knife fight is happening,everybody breaks down into song and dance. As the victim is lying on the ground bleeding to death with very small amount of  blood there is singing. But overall the movie is pretty good.
B000000WJZ|5.0|If you can't fully appreciate the music of the Smashing Pumpkins then you don't know what your missing. Although their music has developed and changed a lot over all their albums, any true Pumpkins fan will like all  their music. As stated in another review, a lot of their music is not music  you just play in the background, you have to play it loud and sort of feel  the music. Being a 14 year old, the instant appeal songs attracted me at  first. Songs such as Today, Disarm, 1979 and Tonight, tonight. But also,  being a 14 year old, I am impulsive, so I bought all their albums. At first  I just listened to the songs that I liked after listening to them once. Now  I like every single song by them, except maybe one or two on the album  Machina. Unfortunately when songs such as Today were big hits (1992-1993),  I wasn't particularily interested in the Pumpkins, so I haven't seen the  music videos for a lot of their songs. The Smashing Pumpkins will always be  my favourite band.
6303022901|1.0|Atfer watching this movie, I couldn't follow what was going on. Who was who, who was having the flashbacks, where or when the flashbacks took place.I would rather watch an action packed Bob Ross painting show or Watch  William F. Buckley Jr. give his observations than watch the movie.
B000003BD3|3.0|You don't get much better than this if you're a Who fan.  This performance of A Quick One is without a doubt the finest ever recorded.  It is a true gem.  The Who manage to play tight, seamless, powerful, in your face music.   And they're having a blast.  But the point is it's right there.   Everything else on the record pales in comparison.  The Stones were just on  too many drugs (although Sympathy for the Devil comes out great).  Tull is  tight, but emotionless.  The Lennon/Clapton thing is okay at best, and Yoko  should never have been allowed near the microphone if not the stage, or  even the studio for that matter.  The Who is the high point.  It's really  too bad that that era in the Who's musical development could not have  lasted longer. But then again, &quot;Music must change.&quot;
B00001PE4D|4.0|This movie was just about everything that i would hope it to be.  It is a wonderful story about jealousy, sex, love,trust and everything else.  It was a fantastic updated movie of dangerous liasons. Sarah Michelle Geller  and Reese Witherspoon were absolutly amazing..however it was not Ryan  Phillipe's best roles.
B00003XB8K|5.0|If you are like me and already own all 3 previous albums, and most of the singles, do not hesitate to add this one to your collection. Tracks 3,4, and 11 alone are worth the price of the CD. Definitely worth the wait, not  at all disappointing.
B000003TA4|5.0|I've heard all the hype about Nirvana. i'll even admit, the reason I bought my first nirvana album was due to all the praise it received. At first i was disappointed. I was drawn in by the mainsteam songs  &quot;smells like teen spirit&quot; and &quot;lithium.&quot; and to my  disappointment, the other songs seemed less pop-smacking good. (AT FIRST)  and then i realized why i listen to music in the first place, not because  somebody tells me it's good, and that it gives you good vibes, but because  i actually care for it personally. later i abandoned my pop song  expectations and listened to the songs as they were, apart from all the  hype. Nirvana has combined meaningful, poetic words to unforgettable music.  they were completely unique in what they had to offer..<br />i don't know how  many people can relate to this album. i doubt it's nearly as many as it  seems. And i doubt any album has ever been created that can please  everyone. Of course there are going to be people who have no idea what the  album is about, they're going to critique the album on musical style alone.  and that i feel is very degrading. <br />(referring to previous post  &quot;music fan&quot;) ironically nirvana strove to &quot;get rid of&quot;  fans who only buy their albums and go to their concerts because of songs  like &quot;smells like teen spirit.&quot; they even discouraged fans from  buying nirvana albums because they didn't want to become so commercialized  and popular/mainstream. In fact, their future album incesticide was meant  for the hardcore nirvana fans. in short, they did not want the kind of  success won by &quot;teen spirit.&quot; they wanted to seek higher ground.
B000002N3J|5.0|Im not a Madonna fan but I like some of her music . This was my second album (my first was ray of light, a masterpiece) and Im very happy with it. I have too the inmaculate collection, other great collection...... but  something to remember is more mature, beautiful, she sounds much better  ....My favourite song of the ballads collection (my reason for buy the  album) is &quot;Youll see&quot;, not only  beautiful melody and strong  lyrics, also a quite nice vocal performance by Madonna with all the pain  and lost..... In Spain (my country) the album has a bonus track : Vers,  the great spanish version of Youll see. Other gems: Hits like Ill  remember, Take a Bow, the wonderful Live to tell, Oh father.....Other new  songs like One More Chance and I want you (in this song you can see that  Madonna sings ballads but is not Mariah Carey or Celine Dion). The worst  song to me is &quot;Crazy for you&quot;....I hate this song, puajj......I  cant listen it (not only the song is bad, also her vocal performance is  poor and inmature).....Well anyway... Madonna is a good vocalist in this  album and the collection of songs are very nice. In her liner notes she  explains quicker than a ray of light her changes in her life, in her  opinions...To me this album is the begining of a new Madonna with more  quality, mature....Buy it. Dogs are the first thing that you will hear in  it.
6304117752|5.0|This movie has been a favorite of mine since I can remember.  The music is wonderful and the cast is great!  If you want to see a great movie and have a good cry, get this movie.
B00002E285|4.0|You should watch this. It is not the easiest of films to view or follow, but the marriage of the music and images is sometimes irrelevant, and at others brilliant. Geral Scarfes cartoons are a real treat and there are  occasions when there is real (black) humour. I often wonder about Roger  Water's mental health; is he chronically depressed, experiencing psychosis  or brilliant?  A must for Floyd fans, should be watched by as many others  as possible.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie has great special effects and a great plot and great music and great acting.  I love this movie.  The video has a 26 minute behind the scenes look at it, too.  A great movie!
0679777547|4.0|After completing this &quot;livre&quot;, my eyes were opened and adjusted rather quickly. I realize that as far as books are written this one is mediocre, although the premise of the plot is quite good. It is intriguing to delve into the life of an indifferent adventurer and travel to places  such as Portugal,Spain and France. I especially enjoyed the comparison of  Corso's journey and interaction with that of D'Artgnan and the references  to The Three Musketeers. This book has inspired me to read The Flanders  Panel as well as The Devil in Love. Unfortunately I had the displeasure of  viewing the movie &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; and consequently destroying  any hope of discovering a relationship between myself and the  &quot;wolf-like&quot; character Lucas Corso. ....
B00004SVIK|5.0|yeah, this album is awesome.  Anyone who's heard any Wall bootlegs before won't hear anything new, other that the GIANT leap up in sound quality, but for those of you who've only heard the studio album, you'll notice quite a  few differences (all for the better).  anyway, i just have to say a few  things.  the only problem i have with the album is during Dave's singing  parts on &quot;Mother&quot; there is a rather loud buzzing sound, and it's  really annoying, after a few listens it doesn't bother me as much, but  especially the first time you hear it, it will be very annoying.  this is  on a few other songs also, such as &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot;, and  &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, however it's not nearly as loud as on  &quot;Mother&quot; and if you're listening to it in the car you can't even  hear it.  but don't get me wrong, it is still very much worth the money,  especially the limited edition version, and it's easily the best live album  i've ever heard.  now for a couple of nitpicky gripes.  &quot;Empty  Spaces&quot; is not really &quot;Empty Spaces&quot;, it's really the  beginning of &quot;What Shall We Do Now?&quot;, which is why it has  different lyrics than &quot;Empty Spaces&quot;, if you look at the words in  the studio wall album, &quot;What Shall We Do Now?&quot; is in there and  you can see what i'm talking about.  Now the only reason this bothers me is  because the only reason they split this song up is so people who don't know  better will think they're getting something extra, well, you're not getting  something extra, just instead of the original &quot;Empty Spaces&quot;  you're getting &quot;What Shall We Do Now?&quot; split into two songs.   Now, as for &quot;The Last Few Bricks&quot;, this isn't even really a song,  for those of you who don't know, this was added in to give the brick  builders time to finish building the wall during the show, hence the name  &quot;The Last Few Bricks&quot; which, by the way, was only recently named  thatby Roger Waters, so back when they did these shows it didn't have a  name, and it wasn't even a real song.  So there again, they're marketing it  as a &quot;never before released&quot; song to make you think you're  getting something extra, and while you are getting something that's not on  the original album, it's hardly a new song.  and just to be even more  picky, the Amazon review says that both of those songs were on the wall  movie, well, that's wrong, only &quot;What Shall We Do Now?&quot; was in  the movie.  ok, well i know those are just cheap complaints, but i know  there are some people who care.  but this album is definately worth buying,  but like someone already said, definately buy the limited edition, it is  very much worth the extra money.
6302518423|5.0|Advice: when viewing this film, do not worry about plot.  Worry about where the &quot;pause&quot; button is on the remote, because Greenaway's fast cutting technique is going to keep sending you back to fleeting  images, strange juxtapositions, bizarre moments.  *Prospero's Books*  substitutes for plot an associative consciousness, a logic of fairy tale  and dream, in which images are not presented chronologically or according  to traditional logic.  We see, for example, &quot;An Alphabetic Inventory  of the Dead&quot; in which Susannah, Prospero's wife, (don't look for her  in *The Tempest*) is listed last.  Next, an image of Susannah washing  Miranda.  Later, a presentation of &quot;Vesalius' Lost Anatomy of  Birth&quot; -- a banned book.  This is followed by Susannah peeling back  the skin over her belly to reveal internal organs and a fetus.  And *this*  is followed by Susannah on her bier, dead. It may take more than one  viewing to realize that in this adaptation, Susannah has died in childbirth  and that this haunts Prospero. Interpretation is difficult, too, because  the film drowns us in imagery, swamps us with hordes of naked spirits, and  moves constantly back into frames.  All is seen in mirrors, or frames of  paintings, or underwater or on a stage.  Morevoer, Greenaway never lets us  look at anything for very long.  As that may be, however, all of his images  come together to suggest that this is an enchanted island of art and  artifice at war with the forces of violence, chaos, and death.  As the  &quot;Book of Ruins&quot; in the film reminds us, all human artifice will  have an end.  But this is a glorious film -- beyond criticism -- that is  well worth watching in the interim.
0792152328|5.0|Whoever says TITANIC isn't good hasn't seen all of it.I know some people who don't like it because it's long but they are just immature.I  love it because it's so moving.It takes  me to a place I've never been.It's so sad  and special.Especially at the end when they showed Rose's pictures and she  was on the horse and the rollcoasters in the background when she could have  done it with Jack.But it's reallyabout survival.She DID go on! And had  children and grandchildren and got married.And I loved the acting.And  honestly I don't think it's fair that they would alway's leave out  Cal(Billy Zane)in an nterview.He did us aswell as Leonardo and Kate.
B000000OQF|5.0|This is the best record ever made in history by any rock band. They totally redefined the meaning of rock n roll. Anyone who considers themselves a rock fan (the old stuff 'cause Kid Rock? Korn? Slipknot? come  on!) should buy this record. You should buy it even if you hate GNR so that  you can see how good they were. You will sure be in for a surprise because  everyone thinks they're too old (GNR is probably the most underrated band  in South Texas, maybe the entire US.) They just knocked out mythical rock  bands such as Van Halen and ACDC (I also like these, but GNR is the best!)  with their combination of lightning fast riffs from Slash and Stradlin' and  Axl's charismatic persona. From the intro of &quot;Welcome to the  Jungle&quot; to the final chord of &quot;Rocket Queen&quot;, this album is  the best ever made. Even though they are no more, they sure are better that  Blink 182, Slipknot, (I could mention every &quot;popular&quot; band, but  that would take forever.)
B00000J7S8|5.0|I saw Diana Krall on the Grammy's. I had never heard of her before, but I am so glad I did. I bought the CD and absolutely LOVE it. I put it in my CD player and have listened to it over and over again. Go get it...it's  wonderful!
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is a novel which hooks the reader from the start.  The plot ranges from love scenes between two very unlikely lovers, to their relationship that grows out of the initial lust. However the reader is  quickly able to see just how much of an impact they had on each other when  they are separated and meet again in the most unlikely place imaginable.  The Reader combines great voice, diction, and imagery to create a story  that is not only interesting but also greatly entertaining.
B00003CX6P|5.0|This movie is the second best on 1999, following only The Sixth Sense.  Matt Damon is superb as Ripley, and Gwyneth Paltrow excellent.  The whole blasted cast is great and really makes this movie, based on a good book.   The movie is so much better than the book, with better plot twists andmore  character development.  Forgive me, Ms. Highsmith, but the movie keeps the  story flowing where the book drags.  It is a shame and disappointment that  this movie won nothing at the Oscars.  It is becoming a sad country where  American Beauty dominates and great movies such as Sixth Sense and Mr.  Ripley win nothing.  Well, at least American Beauty didn't make a full  sweep.
6305627401|5.0|I own the movie it IS SO SO SO funny
6305282943|5.0|Ever since I was a little girl, I've been watching this movie.  But, until recently, I had only seen the modified version.  I was incredibly delighted to see it for the first time in its original cinemascope. Wow!  The dance  sequence had always, before, lost something.  Now, I could see everything  that was happening, everything I was supposed to see!  It was a wonderful  experience!
020530902X|5.0|You can read this book in an hour, and everyone ought to do so.  It is conservative, but you have to know the rules before you can break them with confidence.
0792837622|5.0|West Side Story, with all its song and dance, whirled me right into the story! No matter how many times I see it, I find myself caught up in the action and the powerful soundtrack.  This, I believe, is Leonard  Bernstein's masterpiece.  He had me on the edge of my seat during the  rumble, and sobbing during the final music, as they carried Tony's body off  the stage.  Natalie Wood gives a heart-breaking performance as a young girl  who grows up and grows old in two days.  Richard Beymer is a sweet,  over-enthusiastic Tony, whose strive for peace leaves three dead.  The  Cinemascope captures the full effect of the dances and songs.
B00000J6AG|5.0|i am not a christian but am stunned by this cd.  i especially like PORCELAIN!  i am going to buy this cd for my 60 year old mother for mothers day, and for my born again sister!  the music is sublime!
B000002UUX|5.0|this is my all time favorite megadeth album, probably my all time favorite album ever.  i got this record when i was around 11 years old and i haven't stopped listening to it since.  there's something about this record that  makes it so appealing.  dave mustaine's intelligent lyrics don't get in the  way of friedman's &quot;look how fast i can play&quot; runs.  this is  probably the best example you'll find of dave and marty trading licks.   they don't sound too perfect like on countdown to extinction-they have that  live sound (which by the way, if you've never seen these guys live, you're  cheating yourself out of the best show in the world).  &quot;holy  wars&quot; is one of the hardest rocking songs you'll find anywhere.  the  blues fueled &quot;tornado of souls&quot; is quite jaw dropping as well.   this is a good one for all you bass players out there too, dave ellefson  plays some killer licks on this one.  this is a must have for anyone with  ears.
0792838637|5.0|There are two-and-a-half versions of this DVD, and it's important to know the difference when buying.<br />There's the regular version and two versions of the Special Edition.  All three offer an excellent print of the film  itself with amazing sound.  All give you the choice of letterbox or TV  ratios. All have multiple language tracks and multiple language closed  captioning.  All give you the trailer in addition to the movie.<br />But the  Special Editions are clearly the preferred form.  There's no difference  between the two Special Editions save packaging:  get whichever is a)  available and b) cheaper.    <br />As with all in the Bond Special Editions,  the _TND_ SE has double audio commentaries, TV advertisements, production  notes, and a 45-minute documentary.  <br />Unlike other Bond Special Editions  to date, however, _TND_ adds the music video of the theme song, includes an  innovative *third* audio track (consisting of only the musical score and  the composer's commentary), and does a really wild thing by letting you  compare actual shots to the storyboard.  These last two features are  innovative even for non-Bond films.  I've never seen a DVD with a  music-only track, and only a handful of DVDs currently have any sort of  storyboarding element amongst their extra features.  <br />With all this  additional stuff, and the modest difference in price between the regular  and special editions, your purchase choice is a no-brainer.  Buy whichever  version of _Tomorrow Never Dies_ Special Edition you can get your hands on.
0393312836|5.0|&quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot; is a great read in numerous ways. First off, Burgess did a brilliant job with creating an invented language of the teens in the future-set society. At first, it is hard to follow and might  be a little frustrating to some, but if you are patient, you will get used  to it and realize how incredible it is. The novel also has a very important  theme to it, which displays the importance of moral choice. The central  character, Alex, is nothing but a clockwork orange (I'll leave it to you to  figure out what that is by the end of the book). There are some that might  argue that the novel is too violent, but the high level of violence is  actually needed to strengthen both the setting (a future society filled  with crime) and the theme. The movie was also good, but I enjoyed the book  more.
6303471730|2.0|I saw this movie in the theatre when I was a kid and enjoyed it immensely. During a visit to the States, I bought a VHS copy marketed by GoodTimes (blue box with picture of Wayne jumping down). It was a big letdown. The  picture quality was atrocious. It was blurry at times, the color too much  enhanced, and the film scratches  too many. It was like watching a worn out  film. In these times of refurbishing old movies to bring out the original  feel, I didn't expect this product. This movie would have definitely been  five stars if presented cleanly. I heard that the Wayne estate authorized  version is a good copy. But since that is not generally available, this  version will have to do for a John wayne fan.
B00000IQBM|5.0|Not only a great horror film, &quot;The Shining&quot; is one of my favorite movies of all time. Jack Nicholson's acting was terrifyingly superb, not to mention the faces that Shelley Duvall made. I think Jack  Nicholson's eyebrows alone deserve an Oscar (a little exageration). Kubrick  did a great job of directing as well. I've never read &quot;The  Shining&quot;, but just might some day. &quot;REDRUM!&quot;
B00000DBXL|5.0|First off, this is a CD you must buy.  Many of its tracks have been played on the radio and its lyrics are very moving.  If you are the type of person that does not pay much attention to the lyrics, each song has its own  catchy tune.  So either way, you win.  It's the kind of CD that you will  want to add to your CD collection.<br />On top of that, your friends will want  to see if you have it, so they can borrow it and/or listen to it.  And they  are not wrong.  Friends don't lie (in that type of way) about what music  they want to listen to.  So, if you want to own a little bit of today's  best...&quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot; will be your best choice.
B0000017CA|5.0|I read some of the reviews that are posted here already, and I must also agree &quot;When the Kite String Pops&quot; by Acid Bath is an excellent cd full of Original sounding music that only Acid Bath could create. I was introduced to Acid Bath thanks to a friend. He recorded for me 3 of their  songs which were: &quot;God Machine&quot;, &quot;Jezebel&quot;, and  &quot;What Color is Death&quot;; so of corse those are some of my  favorites. After getting the cd I was glad to hear a full cd of original  music.The first time I heard &quot;Scream of the Butterfly&quot; I didn't  know what was going on because it is a mellow song, but the lyrics in that  song and pretty much all of the lyrics amazed . . . me!  Am not  even sure what type of metal this is I just know thats its worth having in  your cd collection
0312965788|5.0|Rarely will you find a novel which so well captures the essence of real people.  This book goes beyond just talking about the life of a country veterinarian in Yorkshire and his cases with all forms of pets.  It brings  insight into the amazing relationships that people have with their pets,  whether they be dogs or cats, or farm animals.  We see the true grit of  birthing a cow as well as the tender affections that an elderly lady has  for her prissy poodle.  This book also includes biographical accounts of Mr  Herriot's clumsy courting of his future wife and other amusing side  adventures; marvelous truths that we see in ourselves.  Whether you read  this book for the vet's practice, the animals, the people, or all of the  above, you will enjoy what has become a treasure around the world.
0440219078|5.0|Hey! I'm in Seventh grade, we read this book for school. At first I thought it was going to be really boring, but it turned out to be an Awesome book. This book is set far into the Future. Jonas' world is Perfect, or so he thinks until be becomes the Reciever of Memory. When he  is selected to be the Reciever, he recieves memories about the Worlds Past,  Pain, Love, and Color. The thing is, Jonas' World has some good things: The  weather is always sunny, you don't have to worry what your job will be when  you get older (the Elders choose it for you), and their transportation is  bicycles (So there would be no polution). A few Bad things are: Their world  is Black and White, They are only allowed to have 2 children in each family  (1 girl, 1 boy), They don't have their own children (someone is assigned to  that job), they perform Release (I wont say what that is, because it kind  of ruins the suspense), and No one has memories of how the World used to  be. This is a very interesting book, I would recomend it to anyone. Also  there are some movies that have the same sorta plot, they are: Soylent  Green, Gattaca, and Plesentville.
0812589041|5.0|This book was written with skill and is a very good read. I have read it multiple times and liked it the same every time. The plot is one for children or adults. I reccomend this book to read on any occasion that you  want to read. The children in this book almost come alive and make you care  for them and hope for their success. To me the way that he (Card) thinks of  things to keep the reader going in full interest is great. He thinks of  things in a way most of us would not normally think of to get Ender out of  his traps and problems. He presents his ideas in a very tallented manner  and that made it a book that hooked my attention from page 1. I can only  reccomend that you read this book, but you will not regret it.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|With &quot;On the 6&quot;, Jennifer Lopez shows she can not only act but she has got a voicebox too! She's a really talented singer. My favorite song on the album is definitely  &quot;Feelin' So Good&quot;. That song has  an awesome beat, her vocals are outstanding in it, and it has such a  &quot;put-you-in-a-great-mood&quot; vibe to it!<br />Her other singles are  good too, but they had too much radio play. &quot;Feelin' So Good&quot; on  the other hand, doesn't get played very much [unfortunately], and even if  it was, then I would never get sick of it. It's one of my favorite  songs.<br />Jennifer, do your thang.
0871137380|5.0|As an ex-member of the 10th SF and having served during the same time as this operation, I found it unbelievable that all this took place without any real acknowledgement to the degree of the fighting and the losses that  occurred.  I was in Brindisi, Italy at the same time in support of  Operation Provide Promise/Deny flight(Bosnia) with the seals and the pj's.   The true devastation of Task Force Ranger was never even known to us who  were so closely related to those involved.  This is the best book I have  ever read.  Non-stop from cover to cover.
0783232039|1.0|The title for this review pretty much sum's up how dumb this movie truly is. I'll admit theres SOME rewarding factors ie Chucky (Brad Dourif) hasnt lost much of his hysterical humour (though for some reason is starting to sound old),the special effect's were alright, but overall the film just  felt stupidly inadequate but as the 4th sequel, it does the job, that being  the eventual parody of what was once a good series. The acting was minimal  as is expected,Jennifer Tilly cant act for her life....Everyone else is  basically along the same lines, with crap scripting and direction. By now I  was hoping for some MAJOR improvements to the animatronics but  basically,while effective to a degree (facial movement was quite good) came  off largely as people pushing dolls around.Maybe CGI for the next  film?Though I must admit the doll baby at the end was probably the most  effective looking thing in the whole movie,at least for the 2 sec you see  it,along with the scene of the guy that get's blown to a red dust by an  incoming truck.<br />Overall this movie is what is expected.Chucky has some  often stiff lines and performance's,but manages to keep afloat with some  occasionally funnily crude, screaming one-liners.And yes the romantic  interlude between the two dolls at a honeymoon suite earns the glorious  title of &quot;The Most Dumbest Scene in Film History&quot;.And by the end  the expected &quot;I'll see you in Hell! &quot; and the superflous killing  of Chuckie comes and goes for the introduction of a brand new  formula,leaving the viewer feeling exploited for their money yet the urge  to see the next &quot;Oh-so anticipated Chapter&quot; lingers. &quot;Seed  of Chuckie&quot; [sarcasm] Oh BOY!  I'll be in it for THAT one!   [/sarcasm].
0373834454|5.0|Whenever I run out of decent authors to read I go back and reread Heyer's books.  Her best are &quot;These Old Shades,&quot; &quot;Devil's Cub,&quot; and this one &quot;A Conveniant Marriage.&quot;  She makes me laugh, care  about the characters and she certainly knows how to write in the language  of the period as well as everything else that goes into a period romance.   Her books go beyond your normal romance and I would recommend them for  anyone.
0767817729|5.0|No mercy, against all odds and Romeo and Juliet all rolled into one action packed show. Jay Cochran (Kevin Costner)former pilot is invited to Mexico to visit his &quot;friend&quot; Tiburan Mendez(Anthony Quin). He saved  Tiburan's life and Tibby feels indepted to him. Jay unintentionally falls  in love with Tibby's wife Mireya (Madeleine Stowe). She loves Jay and  decides to leave with him. Tiburan is a worldly man indulging in wild  mistresses and parties. He's like the mexican mafia. Tibby over hears her  plans to go away for the weekend and of her love for Jay. She had never  been with anyone but Tiburan and now Jay. So I feel when they were caught  together Tiburan's punishment to her is heartless and discusting. And if  anyone is punished for horrid behavior it would be him. No one deserves  what he did to her.  She was merely an ornament to him. And how could she  ask him for a divorce...he wouldn't have let her go. These kind of movies  keep finding me. The sad dramatic endings...Costners performance in the end  was so real I cried...Kevin and Madeleine were a believable couple. They  were fabulous together. Beautiful beaches and country sides. And the  rollercoaster ride in the sky in the beginning was great. Masterfully acted  and beautifully photographed. Great movie...but saaad.
6300214370|4.0|This movie is fairly good, with now-funny man John Lithgrow (Dick on &quot;Third Rock From The Sun.&quot;)as a minister trying to stop dancing, and hip Kevin Bacon as a foot-tapping teen trying to stop the minister. I  give it a 8.5 out of 10. Rated PG for brief nudity (a shower scene),  language, and violence.
6303481272|5.0|Anything with martial arts has gotta be cool, but Ninja scrolls goes way beyond, it actually has a plot with depth not just pretty anime with limited character development and basic kill everything in gorey  technicolour storyline.  These characters evolve making them seem more real  as the tale unfolds, the villans are well rounded, though youve gotta hate  the main rat (my apologies to the rat species, no offence), the other evil  lackeys, I use that lightly cause theyre pretty tough bullypeople have more  to them than just being monsters out to eviserate any poor slob unlucky  enough to get in their way. There are 3 heropeople who battle it out for  their own reasons people who are flawed but together fight to overcome the  forces of nastiness courtesy of the main evil scumbag (whatshisname) If  your a manga fan then this is a must see, visually stunning with great  characters and plot, over the top violence, a little bit of romance,  betrayal tragedy, martal arts, and yes some sex scenes then this is for  you, enjoy and get ready to oooh and aahh!
0792151712|5.0|This movie is purely an undiluted Cameron classic, with a young romance on the ill-fated Titanic that lasts forever. This is very good. I laughed, I cried... wonderful. Rated PG-13 for language, nudity, and disaster-related  violence.
B00004SVIK|5.0|It is one of the greatest things in the world to hear live versions of your favorite bands songs. On this new Floyd release, the band proves that they are second to none in giving a gripping, beautiful performance of  their albums.<br />&quot;Is there&quot;, shows the band at the top of their  form. Roger's bass and vocals are dark and disturbing. Gilmours guitar work  is emotionally striking as is Mason's thundering drums. Rick contributes  some of his absolute best piano and keyboard work here. Highlights to this  two CD set besides the fantastic pkg. are<br />In the Flesh Mother What Shall  We Do Now? Run Like Hell (Roger's ranting is great) Comfortably Numb<br />and  come to think of it... they are all good.<br />For Floyd fans young and old,  you can't go wrong with it. The greatest band then, now, and always  forever!<br />Shine On You Crazy Diamonds
6301697707|5.0|This is on my list of the most scariest movies of all time! Fred and Kevin shine as funny handymen as they try to destroy four snake-tongued worms in the Nevada desert. The best thriller of 1990. Rated PG-13 for language and  violence.
6305750750|1.0|Everything was bad in this movie except of some Special effects, that will only look good on a DVD format, but since Goerge is Still suffering from his failare in marketing DIVX, he's just playing it straight mean!  Oh Yeah  and Eposide II will have Leonardo De'Caprio as the star,hmmm I see where  george has totally lost his touch and how he is taking Star Wars glorie  down the drain!
B00003Q438|5.0|Even if the movie is excellent, the DVD is better than excellent. I baught this movie in DVD format 1 month ago and let me say that I just explored around 50% of the disc. One more thing, the 30 minutes of added footage  with the giant wave is terrific but unfortunately, you'll never see it on  TV, you have to buy the vhs cassette with the  added 30 minutes or the DVD  movie.
B000002L7J|5.0|One of the seminal albums of the Eighties . Every song is a gem . This is the Smiths at their eclectic best , they embrace rockabilly , funk , and other musical styles with ease , whilst still retaining the unique Smiths sound that made them so special . Morrissey`s lyrics on this album are more scathing than subtle , but his famously wry wit still remains intact to bring a smile to this listeners face ( critics often overlook how devastatingly funny the Smiths were ) . <br />And if you have any doubts about Johnny Marr`s genius with a guitar , just listen to his playing on the gorgeous - That Joke Isn`t Funny Anymore , or on the monumental - How Soon Is Now ? ( which incidentally wasn't on the original English release of this album ) , both contenders for single of the Eighties . The muddy production that marred or enhanced their debut album ( depending on your point of view ) has been replaced by a clean and clear sound , highlighting not only Johnny Marr`s great guitar playing , but also the inventiveness of the rhythm section . This really is an essential album , from a truly essential band !
6305364613|5.0|This is a really great interpretation of one of William Shakespear's most famous works.  Set in current times it works better than you would think.  The direction, production and music all gel to make a movie that is far  more than the sum of its parts.  I was put off initially because I'm not a  fan of Di Caprio, but don't be you won't be disappointed.  I think that  this movies has one off the best start sequences I have seen.  Buy it on  DVD and get set up with a decent home cinema system and enjoy.
0061002747|5.0|Youll never find a book better than this.It is a masterpiece.The setting is awesome.The list of suspects is to die for.The suspects personalitys are also to die for.This is the best book of all books I have ever read.You  wont want to miss this one.I could read it a thousand times and not get  tired of it.The audio tape and movie are great too.Buy it and you will love  this book too.
B000005L86|5.0|Everyone from Danny Kelly down has hit the nail on the head here. I'd like to add that the packaging is superb and the bonus tracks are great to have (and I'm sure we'd have little chance of getting them otherwise - and even  then it would be at a premium!). I believe the album dates from 1978. I  have the Go Feet! version from 1981 and the sound on it is actually better  than this version. I believe the tapes were found to have deteriorated  badly from poor storage in the seventeen years between that reissue and  this one. Blood &amp; Fire has done a great remastering job under the  circumstances. That being the case, anyone interested should grab this  before it disappears forever!
076783819X|3.0|From the disturbing opening scene of the film to the sad, yet interesting ending, this movie basically points out that curiosity really does kill the cat.  Robbins was excellent but Bridges character seemed too compelled with  his next door neighbor, he suddenly become a stalker tracing Robbins every  move.  But even the during the last minutes of the movie, its twist in the  plot only comes at the very end leaving you bewildered.  Interesting score  by Badalamenti for the soundtrack.
B00000IQMT|4.0|The music of The Phantom Menace, is quite similar to the original Star Wars soundtracks, and yet completely different all at once.  I still consider it a classical style, yet it is more contemporary than the  previous Star Wars soundtracks.  True, this album leaves out a great  portion of the music used in the film, but the music on the CD is fun to  listen to, and every track oozes with emotion (like most John Williams  recordings).
6305718903|3.0|A powerful compelling film about a woman suffering the tortures of Jesus Christ.  The atmosphere this movie invites us is dark and the camera work was very well done.  But overall the film is quite predictable and yes, its  ending is a revisit to the frightening room of Satan in the Exorcist.  The  soundtrack to this film is amazing.
6305426651|5.0|What an amazing movie this is! Rarely does a forign film come along with such an impact as this movie has. I watched this movie thinking I would hated it, and now I have fallen in love with the story of Guido and Dora,  and who could forget Joshua? That is the most adorable little boy I have  every seen, he steal's the movie. (almost, nothing can compare to the  incredible Roberto Beinigni)This is a story that teaches us love and  imaginiation can triumph over all. Truly the best film of the 98 oscar's.
B000007OY0|5.0|An absolutley fascinating film about a man who claims he is innocent and is sent to prison.  He meets a man named Red, and their adventures in this movie are like no other ever portrayed on film.  It goes from its  captivating beginning and just keeps getting better and better.  Not one to  be missed for the emotion presented by Robbins and Freeman.  The films  happy ending is also a major upside along with the moment where the warden  throws a rock at a poster revealing a large hole in the wall behind it.   Based on a novella by Stephen King in the same book as STAND BY ME.  Not  one to be missed!
B000000W5L|5.0|oh boy-the previous reviewer should hereby forfeit all future reviewing rights after that atrocity!Hey,opinions are fine,but to uniformly dismiss one of the undisputed great rock albums of all time says more about the  critic than the music.I play this back to back w/abbey road often-there's  no dropoff in quality.GIVE ME A BREAK!
B000000WA4|5.0|...[A]s for the rest of the album I thought it was very solid.  Nearly every song is great. This album really displayed the genius that is Billy Corgan.  And if you like this one, please do get machina, because it gives  this mellon collie a run for its money.  Great CD is all I have to say.
1558908455|3.0|Quentin Tarretino apparently likes to involve himself in films with no plot to speak of, or in which the plot is irrelevant. FROM DUSK TO DAWN is a case in point. It reduces the post-Hammer Vampire film to it's most basic  elements: the world is a scary place, full of monsters, where sex and death  are messy twins. There are no philisophical points. There is no character  development. There are no good guys. The movie is about as subtle as a hand  grenade.  Nevertheless, what it does it does perfectly. If you liked  the Hammer horror films of the '70's ... a lot of blood, spookey makeup,  and as much sex as the censors would let by (then), then you will like this  film. This is a &quot;B&quot; grade horror film, at the top of it's  class for style. If you don't LIKE &quot;B&quot; grade horror films, this  isn't for you.
B00000IR17|5.0|I thought &quot;jagged little pill&quot; was a brilliant album. So when &quot;supposed former infatuation junkie&quot; came out and I listened to it- it was night and day compared to JLP. But this cd shows alanis maturing  in her music. She's not AS angry as she was , and she expresses her  feelings much differently on this cd. My favorite song is &quot;that I  would be good&quot;, that song (i think) represents alanis more to me than  anyother song she has. ...hey, did you know she wrote that song in her  closet?<br />what i'm TRYING to say is- that supposed former infatuation  junkie  is a very good cd to cry to, relate to, rock to, dance to, and sing  along with!
0393317552|3.0|The author has an excellent theory about why world history took the course it did, with the western world taking control and then subjecting the rest of the world to its ways.  It is well thought out and the documentation is excellent.  The writing style makes it an easy book to read.  The major  problem I have with the book is it should have been half as long. Page  after page is devoted to sideline discussions and irrelevent facts that are  not important to the main theory being presented.  I enjoyed the book but  the thesis could have been explained and documented in less than 100  pages. Still, the thesis is sound and should have an important impact on  historical analysis.
0679814469|5.0|In this work the main character named Willy is a monkey. This book describes how Willy makes a new friend. In the beginning of the story, Willy is sad and lonely because he has no friends. As the story progresses  he meets an ape named Hugh. They become good friends and spend a lot of  time in various places together.    The illustrations in this story is  also very unique. All the characters are monkeys. Some illustrations even  offer irony. In Willy and Hugh when they go and visit the zoo, instead of  the cages housing animals, they hold humans who look rather scared. Browne  not only adds irony to the illustration but also underhandedly suggests a  double meaning behind this illustration. It makes a more mature reader  question whether Browne is making an animal rights statement or just trying  to make the picture funny. There are a lot of humorous and ironic  illustrations in the story. Browne also plays around with the idea of irony  in Hugh's masculinity. In Hugh's illustartions he is quite awkward looking.  Hugh's shirt does not match and the vest that is over his shirt is three  times too small. Hugh's pants are also not the normal length, not to  mention that the knees in his pants are worn out. Dirt stains also are all  down the front of his legs and on the back of his behind. The colors in  these illustrations are solid, vivid, dark colors. These colors, although  dark, do not add a dreary tone to the stories. The color's bold and  vividness add to the story by keeping the reader's attention. The  characters in these stories are male and the dark colors help to develop  the character's masculinity. Seeing a monkey in a pretty pastel lavender  jogging suit just does not have the same effect as a monkey in a dark green  and red jogging suit. If the colors were lighter it would confuse younger  readers about the gender of the characters The text in this works is  written in a bold, medium type. This is done so that there is focus on the  words, but more on the pictures. On the pages where there is print there  are also pictures on the page and a larger picture on the opposite page.  This story combines the text and its illustrations together. Browne seems  very interesting and entertaining in this story. Whether the reader is  young or old I believe they would find some entertainment in his books.  Browne writes children's books that add a unique perspective to the work.
6304712936|5.0|This is an excellent excellent movie.  It deserved  its Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor nod in 1984.  F. Murray Abraham shows what it's like to be a forgotten artist hidden underneath the artistry of great  composers such as Mozart.  The DVD might at first be confusing if you put  it in upside down--the disk itself doesn't indicate that it's 2 sided (and  there's no CD label art to indicate which side is the A side), and if you  put it in on the wrong side, it'll take you to a normal menu but you'll  begin halfway through the movie.
6305307261|4.0|During the seventies, german director Werner Herzog has given us three movies - AGUIRRE, THE WRATH OF GOD, KASPAR HAUSER and HEART OF GLASS - which stay as unique pearls in Movie History. This director is a visionary,  one of the rare authors who have been able to create a cinematic world out  of their dreams. Just watch and listen to the featurette (Thank you, Anchor  Bay): this guy is an authentic genius coming from the same family of the  Saints of the Middle Ages or the most famous composers.<br />NOSFERATU, shot  in 1978, tries to establish a link between the german directors of the  1918-1926 period, Fritz Lang or Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau for instance,  authors who reigned over international cinema at that time and the new  generation of german directors that appeared in the late sixties with such  remarkable individuals as Rainer-Werner Fassbinder, Wim Wenders or Werner  Herzog.<br />Werner Herzog is also the last of the XIXth german romantics with  his images haunted by nostalgy, with his heroes able to see what is  invisible to common people. You have to enter into NOSFERATU as if you're  about to dream. If not, you'll surely be bored after 5 minutes. But if you  find in yourself the courage to follow Werner Herzog, you will experiment  something you'll never forget.<br />Other Werner Herzog's movies will be  released in the DVD standard very soon, so be prepared to dream.<br />A DVD  dedicated to a lost genius.
6305127638|4.0|This movie had excellent action and special effects, and a captivating plot to match.  I loved to see Star Trek: Voyager's Robert Picardo, here as the Emergency Medical Holographic Program (Emergency Medical Hologram,  EMH).  I also think that all the so called &quot;inconsistences&quot; could  be caused by slight temporal changes caused by the crew of the Enterprise  E.
B00000BKDV|5.0|This is such an awesome albumn! This is metal music in it's purest form; incredible! I love every song here! Don't expect your typical &quot;Top 10&quot; or the &quot;made for radio&quot; song you find on almost every cd  out there, no way, that's not what Iron Maiden is about. Their songs are  too perfect and too complex to be cut up just for air play. One listen and  you will see why Maiden was one of the biggest influences on many of the  bands today; it's too bad most of them have just become another in a long  line of generic bands now. Pick up this cd, you won't be disappointed.
0767827716|4.0|Great but mean spirited movie about a teenager who is horribly rejected by his fellow classmates, until the day he discovers Christine a 1958 Plymouth Fury, that just happens to have a mind of its own.  Based upon Stephen  Kings novel of the same name and directed by fellow horror great John  Carpenter, Christine really delivers the goods.  An incredible score, and  great special effects, along with good beliveable acting, and edge of your  seat suspence Christine is a movie with very few flaws if any.  I  personally though that Robert Prosky stood out as the foul mouthed garage  owner Will Darnell, his performance echoes R. Lee Ermy in Full Metal  Jacket.  But the real star of the film is the car itself, using special  effects to highlight the cars rebilding itself is deff. a highlight of the  movie, and why haven't they made some sort of a sequel?  Most of the King  movies that have been made into sequels have been pretty lame, over the  past ten or so years, but I feel that if King and Carpenter could get  togeather again, we would have a story that should continue, due mainly to  the ending of the novel, and the movie as well the story really dosen't  end.  And as a afterthouht!  Ever wonder why the audience wanted to see the  car win?  It was they felt the respect and love shared between Arnie and  Christine!
6303234844|5.0|This is my favorite all time concert video.  Gabriel's band includes Tony Levin on bass and stick, Manu Katche (?sp), Larry Fast and Paula Cole singing harmony vocals.  This is truly a celebration of music and has been  enjoyed by a wide variety of guests, many of whom were not previously  Gabriel fans.  I know it sounds foolish, but it truly is a joyous event,  one to be shared with friends.  I just wish it were available on DVD.
0064430227|5.0|journey into the purple corners of the subconscious.  My favorite part was with the crayon. That was funny. the crayon was purple, and was used to draw things. the things that were drawn were all purple, though. I didnt understand that. Harold would be my buddy if me went to my school. other  kids would draw with red or blue but harold and i would draw with purple.  even if we were drawing a cow. Jung would call harold existential. I just  think he is pretty neat. He used a purple crayon.
B0000041Q3|5.0|There has been a debate about which one is the best Turandot recording, this set or the Nilsson/Corelli. I own both recordings. The more I play them, the more I like this set better. I don't understand why people attack  Sutherland so much. I respect her for making a choice to expand her  repertoire beyond the common bel canto roles. For people who think  Sutherland did not have a right voice for Turandot, you are deadly wrong.  She was perfect as Turandot in this recording. Her high notes were  glorious, round and beautiful. She was also less drooping and her diction  was clear. Remember that Turandot is a princess, not a Valkyrie. Although  she is cold and insensitive, she is still a woman. Sutherland is the only  one on recording who effectively protrays this side of Turandot. Yes,  Nilsson was very good in this role but she was more like a warrior than a  young princess. Pavarotti may not sound heroic as Corelli but his voice is  definitely more beautiful and his phrasing is much better. There is no  doubt that Caballe is in every way far better than Scotto. The comment from  the previous reviewer that suggest Caballe should switch the role with  Sutherland is totally absurd. How on earth would Caballe sound more  powerful than Sutherland? In her singing here, we have a beautiful, fragile  but brave slave girl. Not to mention her famous pianissmo. I would say her  &quot;Signore ascolta&quot; is the best on records.  Other singers in the  supporting roles are perfect; Timur, Ping, Pang and Pong, so is the chorus.  The most important part that makes this recording so outstanding is the  conducting by Zubin Mehta. He understands every part of this opera and  makes it sound spectacular from the beginning to the end. Please listen to  this recording with unbiased ear. Who can ask for anything more?
630518299X|1.0|I didn't expect to see a comedic performance from Jim Carrey when I bought this movie.  However, with all the hype that it got, I expected to see a good movie.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  The plot was loosely tied together.  I felt that the movie's plot started at the end of Truman's story when the  beginning would have been more interesting.  With the exception of  flashbacks, the audience was never allowed to understand the beginning or  the end.  What happens after he figures it out?  I was also upset by the  backhanded comparing of the character Christof and Jesus Christ.  Maybe I  read that in but I think if it was intentional then it was an insult to the  audience.  My suggestion to those who want to buy it to see Jim Carrey then  they should buy it because he acted fairly well in it.  However, if you  want to buy it for the plot, then buy ED TV instead.  Ed TV is a much  better movie and more believeable without insulting the audience.  The  choice is yours.
0767819179|5.0|A great movie.  Very touching and full of poignant moments.  The &quot;meeting of the minds&quot; between Rose and Gregory was beautiful and you could feel the friendship blossom and develop.  The morals that you  come away with after watching this movie are timeless.  You can feel your  own pride swell when Rose walks away from Alex.  Quite a wonderful movie.   I definetly recommend it.
B00004SVIK|3.0|As happy as I am that a live version has finally been released, I feel that they missed the mark. Having had two bootlegs of The Wall live for more than 15 years I cringed when I first read how the album would be  assembled.  By looking for the &quot;best&quot; performances from different  years and doing so much work to clean up the sound, the albums sounds more  like a studio performance, with some extra echo and noise, than a live  performance.  What always impressed me with the bootlegs was that you could  feel the energy from the band and the crowd and that feeling is missing  from a lot of songs on the official live version.  <br />Yes, the  &quot;extra&quot; songs are great and the book is fantastic but I think  they would have had a better product if they had just picked one show and  mixed it differently.  <br />If you really want to hear The Wall live, track  down a copy of the L.A. Sports Arena show...
630575067X|5.0|For of you the which an express bank of the film the passage of the activity tried, lighting up on the other hand the new name. If however that, which is tried, a film with the model, which means is, which are  acceptable in the acceptable newspaper, any impressive and stimuli of the  scenes of the fight terrorize, it seems one, or the other one of future,  this is reliably the film for they. Not between this film, which this the  fact that thinks, each question, which you have, into total-small cleaned,  because surprised one in stocks will be in the warehouse, it occurs above  not recovered. However it goes to film without way, stopping for it sees  this linkage on the means, almost large. That flour rope is marvelous and  small Jake Loyd is not defective, since something she caused as thought.  The special effects, which go, stunned. Who would the film without large  tape of the disturbance be? No necessity for the miracle here, because this  is largely. It had a problem with this film, JarJar. In the time, time I to  determine to worrisome found, but given the rest worthiness of this film,  was simple to obtain over my difficulty with JarJar. On all function that  this film a job fine for the remainder of this saga the continuation has  installs left. To the extremity, that of a desire leave to know and  following impatience the more for system. If you saw three first, since I  had formed 20yrs.ago over this begun at the soft age of 4 and in this  continuous lighting installation with the years, it lacks to this film  without way -- this text forms for reference the output of the tape of VHS
B00000IGGA|5.0|A truely original, well-executed idea.  The album resonates in that type of surreal/nostalgic style and charm that Kerouac had in his novels... reminding you of when everything was &quot;clean skies and white clothes-  lines&quot;.
014028009X|1.0|I think this book bit. Plain and simple. I laughed out loud one time toward the beginning of the book, and then I just got queasy. I thought the end should have contained a certificate, signed by Fielding herself, for  all the time I shot reading this drivel. If &quot;Bridget&quot; is the  future of women, then we're in a lot of trouble. Bridget's behavior was  unbecoming a thirtysomething. She should at least have had a clue as to who  she is and what motivates her. I remember acting like this in high school,  and even on my worst day, I couldn't hold a candle to this nut. There's  nothing wrong with wanting a man in your life, there's nothing wrong with  wanting marriage and stability and kids. But must it be EVERYTHING? For  Pete's sake, get a hobby! Boozing doesn't count!<br />Bridget was weak and  whiny. She failed to learn from the bad things that happened to her,  causing her to repeat her stupidity over and over again (dumb dinner  parties). The only thing I was compelled to do was set her on fire and  leave her for dead. Her mother treated her like a lump, and she just took  it. Daniel treated her like a piece, and while she originally said no (I  almost liked her then,) she eventually just took that too, and had the  nerve to be upset about Jude and Vile Richard. You can't walk around acting  like a pathetic loser and expect the people you come in contact with to  treat you with dignity and respect. It just doesn't work that way, no  matter how many times you announce that you have inner poise. Her friends  didn't love her enough to really tell her like it is. Women in my social  circle sympathize, and then they smack you around until you get your act  together. <br />And what was up with Darcy? He starts off as this aloof little  geek, and all of a sudden he's just this wonderful guy? Hello, character  development? I love a good book. I love a stark treatise on modern culture.  I adored &quot;The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole.&quot; I adored &quot;Pride  and Prejudice&quot; (and I resent the comparison.) I did NOT adore  &quot;Bridget.&quot; When she learns to successfully integrate her search  for Mr. Right with other things in her life that make her happy (not to  mention interesting), then it'll be worth reading.
B00000J6AG|5.0|A must own.  It's got a little bit of everything.  I put it in the same company as Achtung Baby or The Bends.
6305657947|5.0|I loved this movie!  I've seen it like 5 times and I still like to watch it whenever I get the chance.  Pierce Brosnan plays a suave debonair Thomas Crown perfectly.  The looks, the charm, and the air of sophistication makes  him the perfect person to bring the role of Thomas Crown back to life.   Rene Russo is just plain beautiful in this movie.  She plays Catherine  Banning to the hilt and I never once doubted that she would get her mouse.   This fantastic movie is one you will want to see over and over.
0385486804|1.0|Krakauer's obvious self-analysis via the story of the life and death of a fellow 'tormented soul' is a pathetic attempt to glorify stupidity. Like Captain Ahab shaking his defiant fist at an overwhelmingly undefeatable  Moby, Chris the so-called supertramp goes down to a meaningless and  wasteful death. This book does nothing to salvage his life's squandered  value. I wasted my money on this one hoping for another Into Thin Air.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I have been a fan of Enigma for a couple of years. I have the first 2 cds, which are amazing. I just got &quot;The Screen behind the mirror today and I just can't stop listening to it. The music is just so enchanting. Some of  my favorites are &quot;Push the Limits&quot;,and &quot;Gravity of  Love&quot;. The whole cd is incredible though. I love how each of Enigma's  cds have a theme and are different. It never leaves the listener bored.  Enigma's music sends you off to a mystic dreamworld where total relaxation  is the main concern. I love to dim the lights, lay back and just drift with  the music. I give this cd 5+ stars. Once again, I have not been  disappointed with Enigma. Buy this cd and take a Journey of the Mind....
B00000IGGA|5.0|A truely original, well-executed idea.  The album resonates in that type of surreal/nostalgic style and charm that Kerouac had in his novels... reminding you of when everything was &quot;clean skies and white clothes-  lines&quot;.
B00000JCB2|5.0|When I got this album, I was blown away. I had only heard their three singles from this album when I got it (Nookie, Rearranged, N 2 Gether Now), and I thought those singles were great. This album was also cool because it  combines heavy metal with rap. <br />Most of the albums songs deal with bad  relationships (with the exception of Just Like This, Break  Stuff, and Show Me What You Got), but that doesnt bother me. If  anything, it improves the album's quality. This album is a good album to  get, even if you dont like rap.
0780627024|5.0|'Pleasantville' sort of reminds me of 'The Wizzard of Oz'. I guess it's 'cause in both movies, it goes from color to black and white or from black and white to color.<br />Anyway, the acting is great. Tobey Miguire and Reese  Witherspoon shines in this movie. The acting in this movie (by all the  actors) is unbelievably good.<br />This movie shows that not everything in  life can be perfect. That people change no matter what and you can't stop  them from changing.<br />This is one of my all time favorite movies. This  movie has everything: Special effects, romance. Everything. I really  recommend this movie.<br />P.S.: Tobey Maguire is sooo cute!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I bought this CD after hearing the emotional and stirring &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; on the radio. The song is absolutely unbelieveable. The CD has become one of my most favorite and is a good buy for anyone who wants  to roll the car windows down and rock away life's problems. Songs such as  &quot;What If&quot; and &quot;Beautiful&quot; get your head banging and  &quot;Higher&quot; has been the great song that has garnered the biggest  audience so far for this band. The music rocks and the lyrics are  intelligent and moving. Don't worry about this being one of those CDs where  only one or two songs is good. This entire CD is good and I highly  recommend it. The guitars and drums will draw you in and the lead singer's  awesome voice will keep you hooked.
B000000WA4|5.0|&quot;Mellon Collie&quot; is a rare gem of an album, almost unmatched by any another release of the 90's (Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot; and U2's &quot;Zooropa&quot; are in the same stratosphere).  It definitely has  grown on me.  At first I liked just a few songs- &quot;Tonight,  Tonight&quot;, &quot;Muzzle&quot;, &quot;Zero.&quot;  But the more I listen  to it, the more I hear the outstanding songwriting and beauty in all of its  diverse tracks.  For instance, I really got into &quot;Here is No Why&quot;  just today- I'd never really cared for the song before, but now I love it.     This is, in my opinion, the mark of greatness as far as a record is  concerned- that an album would grow on its listeners and age like fine  wine.  With each listen, I discover something new.  Corgan continues to  surprise, and nowhere does his genius shine through so brightly as on  &quot;Mellon Collie.&quot;  My all-time favorite track still has to be  &quot;Porcelina of the Vast Oceans&quot;- it is so dreamy and beautiful.   You feel as if you're floating on the the gentle waves of some shimmering  sea, and then all of a sudden, WHAM!- the chorus descends upon you like a  freight train.  Pure genius.  &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; is definitely worth  its 5 stars.
B000009DUY|5.0|SAVING PRIVATE RYAN because of the numerous reviews stating that it was boring, themeless, and had nothing but sullen, low music.<br />They were all wrong.<br />SAVING PRIVATE RYAN has a theme.  And it is one of the most  beautiful ones I've ever heard.  It isn't one you can hum (it's too long  and intricate to remember, sort of the like THE AMERICAN PRESIDENT), but  when it's played against a backdrop of sweeping strings, harp, bells, a  female/male chorus, and blasting horns, it proves to be one of the most  powerful pieces John Williams has ever written.<br />Now, I won't be  repetitious by saying the music is low, boring, and themeless.  It isn't.   Track 1 is the best example: a strong, emotional lullaby of the theme  played in every possible way (i.e. chorus, brass, strings, etc) and each  way proves the strength and integrity of the theme.  The second track is  played as the first in the movie: where the aging Ryan revisits the graves  of the men who saved his life.  This is a beautiful construction of no  theme, but instead a soft collaboration of several &quot;mini themes&quot;  that strangely and effectively play off each other for the big finish (the  strings grow louder and louder until silence covers all.)  Track 3 presents  us with the secondary theme of the CD.  It's a less pronounced one, and  dominates the bulk of the music on this release.  Needless to say, however,  that this track delivers, and really gives you chills.  Tracks 4-6  incorporate the two themes with a patchwork of, again, &quot;mini  themes&quot; creating your basic background music but which does not stand  too well on its own.  Track 7 is not just a sad, mournful track, it's also  somewhat scary.  By scary, I mean that by simply listening to the track,  you begin to feel the aweful danger that these soldier put up with.  It's a  deeply macabre piece that has Williams written all over it.  Track 8 is a  long, background track that is played with relentless peaks and snarls that  turn it into somewhat of a quiet roller coaster.  9 begins with the end of  Tom Hank's death, and carries on back to the graves the old Ryan visits.   It plays until the American flag fades from view, and the strings become  slow and quiet, assuring us that all is as it should be.<br />    Saving  Private Ryan is a relentless CD that proves action and adrenaline pumped  music isn't the only way to move us, that some soundtracks like this one  are capable of moving us in a different way.  That way is an undescribable  sensation you get when listening to it.  This CD is not only an incredible  collaboration of some of William's finest efforts, it's an exciting delve  into the most moving music of out time: a musical phenomonon that must be  experienced by yourself, and will surely be experienced time and time  again.
052594527X|1.0|I was expecting more information about Vermeer and the history of his country during his lifetime...and all I got was a journal-type novel describing a teenager's infatuation with her master.  I would still buy  this book though but in paperback.  I liked the Tulip Fever better.
6305076626|5.0|Richard O'Brien, the creator of the original stage play that spawned this incredible musical satire, and who played Riff Raff in both the original London stage cast and in the film, once said that he wrote the play with  the intent of creating &quot;something any ten-year-old could enjoy&quot;.   Well, I was ten the first time I saw it, in 1981..the kind of ten year old  who loved KISS,Pink Floyd, comic books, sci-fi films, and, instantly, Rocky  Horror. Now, nearly 20 years later, and HUNDREDS of viewings later, I still  love it.  Its songs are tuneful and hilarious, the performances of its  actors are brilliant, particularly that of Tim Curry, who is a genius.  The  social satire and spoofing of the sci-fi and gothic horror genres is  on-target.  I find it amazing--and yet oddly comforting--that despite the  fact that more than 70% of movies released to theaters today are more  graphic in terms of sexual matters and violence than Rocky, this film  continues to disturb the close-minded and homophobic.  I truly believe that  one of the only ways these people can deal with their own insecurities is  to find fault with this film, but I have a reality check for them..this  film GOT a cult following because people loved it..maybe not the masses,  but enough people that it is still being talked about 25 years later.   Trash has a MUCH shorter shelf life than that...unless of course it's  styrofoam ;)<br />See this film, if you haven't already...if you're already a  fan..watch it again...NOW..to remind yourself of how brilliant it really  is!
B00002Z88D|5.0|All I can say is WOW!  First of all, before I bought S+M, I was not a Metallica fan (the only song I liked by them was Unforgiven). However, this CD completely turned me around! Master Of Puppets and No Leaf Clover are  two of my personal favourites on the album, and in Outlaw Torn, James  Hetfield gives the best vocal performance of his career, no question. I was  a bit dissapointed that they didn't do a S+M Unforgiven(it would have  rocked!), but other than that it's a fantastic CD. Die-hard heavy-metal  fans may not care for this CD, though. But if you appreciate any kind of  GOOD music and not just metal, then you'll like this album just as much as  I did.<br />PS. Metallica is one of the last REAL rock bands left, along with  AC/DC (Korn and Limp Bizkit are NOT rock bands! ).
6304711905|5.0|This movie is awesome. Val Kilmer's performance as Doc Holiday is astonishing. He says many unforgettable things such as &quot;I'm ya huckleberry&quot;. This movie is worth buying even if you haven't seen it.  I recommend this film for all people over the age of 12.
0375707972|4.0|The novel The Reader was a very thought and emotional provoking book.  The author does a great  job showing the growth in the characters as well as their relationship.  The historical context of the novel, displays the  serious nature of not only the crimes committed but also of the bond  between the Woman and the Man and also the problems of each person. The  story shows the influence one person can have over another's life.  Over  all the book is very simple yet very refreshing as it is a love story and a  triumph over problems.  I would recommend the book to any persons wanting a  very simple yet thought and emotion provoking story.  The novel offers a  interest which makes it difficult to put the book down because of the  uncertainty of what is coming.  I think that the story is definately worthy  of 4 stars maybe even 5.
0790733226|5.0|Contact is the most satisfying science fiction movie of the 1990s.  It avoids the pitfalls of being a shoot 'em up like Starship Troopers, or being coldly intellectual like 2001.  It is also one of those rare movies that gives the scientific aspect of the script proper respect, without  being pedantic or sacrificing character development.<br /><br />For me, what makes  the movie work is the versimilitude with which the story is handled.  Using  CNN reporters, celebrities, and even President Clinton, the story comes off  as very realistic.  Certain details from the book would have made the ending a bit less ambiguous--e.g., the fact that sand was found in the pod seemed to  indicate in the novel that Ellie really did visit another world.  Apparently, the  producers wanted to keep the ending more ambiguous, which is  understandable, since one of the themes of the film is faith.  Ellie's lack  of faith in organized religion ironically comes back to haunt her when she  realizes that for people to believe her journey actually took place, they  must accept her statement--on faith.  (Incidentally, the book makes clear that Ellie is not an Atheist, but rather an open-minded Agnostic.)<br /><br />This is one of the few films in this genre to have truly first class acting.  Foster does her usual excellent job, as do the supporting players, especially Tom Skeritt.<br /><br />The visual effects in this film are in a class of their own, and they are placed at the service of the story, in contrast to the Star Wars movies.<br /><br />This is one of the first DVDs I purchased, and for years it was my demo-disc.  Warner has simply packed it with extras, inclusing three commentary tracks and a French translation.  There are also extra materials explaining how the  visual effects were achieved and how the Machine was designed.  The Blu-ray has the same features.<br /><br />This is a  DVD everyone should have!<br /><br />UPDATE, June, 2010:<br /><br />Contact has since been issued on Blu-ray.  I recommend that over the DVD for several reasons.  In addition to the obvious visual improvements, the old-style snap-case of the DVD was rather unwieldy.  The generous features on the Blu-ray are exactly the same as those on DVD, but the menu is easier to navigate.<br /><br />Over the years, my opinions on the movie have changed somewhat - although I continue to rate it highly.  Since my original review in 2000, I have visited Puerto Rico twice and the Arecibo Observatory once.  Although the telescope itself is spectacularly presented in the film, the huts that Ellie and her co-workers live in couldn't be farther from a realistic portrayal.  Buildings in Puerto Rico (which is in a hurricane zone) are invariably made of cement.  The same can be said of the \\"lechonera\\" style restaurant where Ellie meets Palmer.  Arecibo is essentially a suburban town, not some third-world hovel.  In real life, Arecibo (like most of Puerto Rico) has been overrun by American fast-food restaurants.<br /><br />The use of real-life footage of President Clinton is, in retrospect, a mistake.  It serves only to date the film.  In the novel, the President was an unnamed woman who was only referred to as \\"Madame President\\".  I feel the film would have been more successful if it had stayed closer to the book - Angela Bassett, who played the Chief of Staff, would have been a good choice as President.easons.  In addition to the obvious visual improvements, the old-style snap-case of the DVD was rather unwieldy.  The generous features on the Blu-ray are exactly the same as those on DVD, but the menu is easier to navigate.    Over the years, my opinions on the movie have changed somewhat - although I continue to rate it highly.  Since my original review in 2000, I have visited Puerto Rico twice and the Arecibo Observatory once.  Although the telescope itself is spectacularly presented in the film, the huts that Ellie and her co-workers live in couldn't be farther from a realistic portrayal.  Buildings in Puerto Rico (which is in a hurricane zone) are invariably made of cement.  The same can be said of the \\"lechonera\\" style restaurant where Ellie meets Palmer.  Arecibo is essentially a suburban town, not some third-world hovel.  In real life, Arecibo (like most of Puerto Rico) has been overrun by American fast-food restaurants.       The use of real-life footage of President Clinton is, in retrospect, a mistake.  It serves only to date the film.  In the novel, the President was an unnamed woman who was only referred to as \\"Madame President\\".  I feel the film would have been more successful if it had stayed closer to the book - Angela Bassett, who played the Chief of Staff, would have been a good choice as President.
1573225517|3.0|This is now released as a movie I believe. I cannot say anything better than Tina B's review below. I can only add that I identified completely with the language and priorities of Rob even though I'm old enough to  almost be his grandfather. Some things never change! The only difference is  my music is jazz and classical. Rob thinks about what music he would like  played at his funeral! How many of us have thought about that? I'm torn  between PEACE PIECE by Bill Evans and MILESTONES by Miles Davis. Shades of  THE BIG CHILL! Shades of ego-centric adolescents! Do all men remain boys at  heart? HELP! It's extremely well written, and captures the language of  record &quot;geeks&quot; well, but is no masterpiece.  Excellent read for  that long flight.
1573301051|5.0|This DVD gave me a pleasure !  How good it was! Just a super DVD
0451169514|4.0|OK, this is my favourite Stephen King book and contrary to many people I like the ending. I loved characters such as Ben and Beverly. There are sections of this novel that are complete in themsleves that I read over and  over again. <br />My favourite sections is The Ritual of Chuud and this is  where the children discover the true nature of IT. In my opinion Pennywise  the Dancing Clown is one of the most imaginative villians ever conceived in  fantasy and horror fiction. I think that this character was strongly  influenced by H.P Lovecraft cosmic terrors. <br />Let me say this if I may,  those who claim that Pennywise is a SPACE SPIDER have not comprehended the  novel. I'd suggest that readers pay careful attention to Chapters 21 (Under  the City) and 22 (The Ritual Chuud) to make up their own minds about what  It really is. There are two statements in these chapters which demonstrate  clearly that IT is not a space spider. <br />I hope you enjoy this book as I  did.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The matrix is the best sci-fi movie since Star Wars. The graphics, visual effects, plot, and epic dialouge. All of it is superb.
6304711891|4.0|well, the rock, the big bad rock, this movie is great for a type of person looking for a night of,exitement, action, shooting and just all around dare devils. the plot is very simple, bad guy's take over prison in violent way,  but the twist is the reason why they take the prison. just see the movie  and then see the twist for your self, the sf are great and the sound was  also great , so show off your home theater system,
6304675348|5.0|This has got to be one of the best horror films I have seen. Frightening and funny this film has it all. The start is excellent as the killer (Ghost Face) acts like a nice guy until he claims that he is watching her, the  mood suddenly changes in the house as she gets horrified to know that her  boyfriend is tied up outside, when she turns the light back on outside his  stomach has been cut open. The film is good as you cannot decide who is the  killer, one murder leads to another and the friends begin to suspect each  other until you find out which person or persons is doing this. An  excellent film, rent out the film, turn out the lights and enjoy!
B00000I5Y6|5.0|Man, I am only fifteen years old and I love this kind of music.  By far the best.  Carry On My Wayward Son is by far my favorite.  If you don't have this album I suggest you buy it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|this album is great.. maria,maria is the most beautiful song i have ever heard
B00000ICET|4.0|It's funny, as I read the other reviews, I struggled to think of something that wasn't said.  I was especially tickled by the 1-star review by a guy who obviously didn't get it, and obviously hated it.  I can certainly  understand how someone would  not like it, because it's not a film for  everyone.  It's very cerebral in parts, and really makes you concentrate to  get the message between the lines.  It's also very funny, very satirical,  and for a low-budget sci-fi movie, the effects are occassionally very  impressive.  I've tried to show this film to friends who stare at the  screen with their head cocked like a dog who has heard a high pitched  squeak.  It's an acquired taste, and if you're in the right frame of mind  (and I don't necessarily mean under the influence of mind-altering  substances), you'll love it.  The country song &quot;Benson Arizona&quot;  still makes me break into laughter alone.  The talking bomb is one of the  funniest characters to ever appear in a space movie, rivaling HAL and the  robot in Fantastic Planet.  Watch it with an open mind, and a room full of  hard-core sci-fi fans and I think you'll come away pleased.
B000002HH9|5.0|Before I bought this album I was really concerned because of the reviews claiming that it was below standard for the Cure. Well, it might not be thier best, but this is a great album! Essentail for any Cure fan and a  great edition to anyones collection.
6304675348|5.0|This has got to be one of the best horror films I have seen. Frightening and funny this film has it all. The start is excellent as the killer (Ghost Face) acts like a nice guy until he claims that he is watching her, the  mood suddenly changes in the house as she gets horrified to know that her  boyfriend is tied up outside, when she turns the light back on outside his  stomach has been cut open. The film is good as you cannot decide who is the  killer, one murder leads to another and the friends begin to suspect each  other until you find out which person or persons is doing this. An  excellent film, rent out the film, turn out the lights and enjoy!
B00000K19E|5.0|The best thing this movie has is the special effects. They were mindboggling. The story was great, it makes you stop and think if you really have any control over your destiny. If you haven't seen it rent it  then buy the DVD because this show will blow you away!
B000002JKA|5.0|This is definately Dream Theaters's best cd, though I don't recommend it for someone who's just  starting with Dream Theater (you'd better go and buy Images and Words first, it's easier hearing), the composition and  master playing is astounding. The first time I heard this cd, I didn't like  it... but then it turned to be one of my best cd's, if you already know  Dream Theater and are not sure which cd to buy, don't think twice and run  to buy Awake, you won't be disappointed.
B00000JCOV|4.0|Amazingly, these guys are truly talented. They don't lack skills that they cover up behind their masks. The masks are just another medium for them to express their art. Vocals are imaginative, melodic, and awesome in many  senses. Being a large group, they do produce many different sounds from  their wide array of instruments. You'll find yourself wanting to get up and  move to the stunning, mind-blowing sounds. However, some of their songs are  repetitive, but the instruments do play different melodies. All in all,  amazing rock with meaning, and a helping of deformity.
0783229887|2.0|Ok, too over the top. It has a good storyline to it about a serial killer using voodoo to teleport his soul into a doll. Though it is way unrealistic heres why:<br />When the lorry hits this guy he explodes, there is nothing left of him.<br />When she throws a bottle at some glass the mirror smashes  and the particles of glass absolutley slaughter the people in the bed  below, that wouldnt happen, you should see the amounto of blood  shed.<br />Chucky and his bride tiffany actually bleed, there dolls!... Not really good, disappointing
B00003CXDV|4.0|we have just finished watching this film and we thought it was very funny as we are star trek fans we saw the lighter side of this sort of sci-fi. we look forward to a sequel in due cource but we thought tim allen was his  usual funny self as we have never seen him in a bad film yet. and my sister  loves alan rickman..
630018160X|5.0|&quot;Sweet Charity&quot; will never be regarded as a classic, and that's a damn shame. While most musicals are sugar-coated and meaningless, this is a rare exception. Not only are the musical numbers downright sexual, but  they are thrilling to watch. And it's amazing how such a simple storyline  could be given so much depth with MacLaine's strong character development.  The film is well-paced, and the camera work is amazing. The script is  brilliant. At times it came be funny and light hearted, and then be dark  and depressing. If you see the film, be sure and see the version with  Fosse's orginal ending. The alternate &quot;happy&quot; ending was way too  Hollywood and really gave no point to Charity's personal journey. The  original ending, however, is one of the greatest conclusions in film  history. While some viewers may see it as a downer, it is so inspiring and  bestows the overwhelming feeling of hope to both Charity and the audience.  With that in mind, isn't that a &quot;true&quot; happy ending?<br />Reading  the poor reviews of this film can only lead me to believe that those  reviewers did not watch this film with an open mind nor an open  heart.<br />This is truly brilliant filmmaking.
006016848X|5.0|Well I always misunderstood my boy friend when he was silent or when he was mad , although i thought i did something Great I mean I really thought that i was helping him throught what he is suffering from , but i knew that  i was wrong and really we had alot of things we couldnt comprehend from  each other. so then he left for work abroad i read the book and i really  understood how he wanted me to react and stuff like that anyways    I  really do Sugest this book to any Person who wants his Relation ship to  become better and to be stronger
B000002WYT|5.0|Well theres &quot;So much to Say&quot; about this CD.  None of them should be skipped because they are all amazing.  The song that is the most moving is #41.  The first time I heard it, it blew me away.  DMB has come out with  yet another amazing CD that shows you what true musicians are.  &quot;Cry  Freedom&quot; is a beautiful song that deals with opression that opens your  eyes to how the world can be interpreted through music.  Great job DMB, and  keep up the great work.
B00004SVIK|5.0|First let me say that I had seen Pink Floyd live on 3 different tours before &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; was released, and am partial to their earlier (and later) work. Even though I bought &quot;The Wall&quot;  the day it was originally released on LP (as well as several later bootleg  live recordings of it) and enjoy it, it has never been among my favorite  Pink Floyd works. Given that, I was totally unprepared for this set. The  inspired playing coupled with great sound quality astounded me. This to me  is much, much better than the original studio recording, bootleg concert  LPs, the film, and Roger Waters' Berlin production all put together. The  price for the deluxe edition is a little steep, but worth every penny!
6305718954|5.0|This is a great movie, with a great plot, with great actors,who can greatly portray great characters. Patricia Arquette plays as aantagonated young hairstylist who is struck with the stigmata, the wounds of christ...just because this movie deals with the church and god and priests and possesion-like themes doesn't mean it is a blatant rip-off of other possesion movies, in fact, I think it is very unique!   What a great movie!
0515125024|3.0|I enjoyed Child's first book, Killing floor, quite a bit. I therefore had high expectations for this one. Unfortunately, those expectations were, for the most part, unfullfilled. The book started out intriguing enough, with  lots of action and suspense, but started to deteriorate and get crushed  under its own weight halfway through. For the most part the scenes with  Reacher, and Holly were interesting enough, but these were alternated with  scenes involving the FBI and military characters which were somewhat dull  and redundant at times. Those characters were very boring and those scenes  were unnecessary in many cases. And the bad guys were just plain stupid. If  they had any sense they would have simply killed Reacher, either when they  kidnapped Holly, or at the very least when they brought him back to the  camp. However then there would be no story, so Reacher is allowed to live  and wreck havoc on the villans. And Reacher himself, while interesting, is  a little too perfect, he knows all, sees all, and can do anything. There is  still some decent action and suspense through some parts of the book  though. It just would have been a lot better if it had been cut down, and  focussed more on the main characters instead of too much emphasis on the  supporting cast. I'll have to read another one of Child's novels to form a  final opinion on him.
0452273331|1.0|If ever a novel needed an editor's blue pencil this was it.  700+ pages of stale, colourless philosophizing posing as dialogue, two-dimensional caricatures posing as characters, and adolescent fantasy posing as  thought.<br />Although I had to skip some of the interminable flashbacks or  extended  philosophy-monologues (shoved gracelessly into the mouth of  whoever happened to be in a particular scene)I read to the end, thinking  that surely some small ray of humour, humanity or writing talent must  emerge from such a doorstep of a book. <br />Sadly, it didn't.<br />Despite it's  pretensions to literature and philosophy, the heart of this book (not that  the heart is given a chance to beat anywhere in it) is the masochistic  rape-fantasy of Dominique Francon.  &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; belongs,  some 600 pages shorter, on an airport bookshelf under S&amp;M, with a  tasteless picture of a rugged young architect and some bedraggled, anorexic  socialite at his feet. <br />It is the longest, drabbest pulp I have ever  read, and the hollow, depressing boredom it left me with makes me wish it  were possible to unread a book.<br />I read it alongside Germaine Greer's  excellent book, &quot;The Whole Woman&quot;, which is probably the best  antidote to Rand's extraordinary adulation of the worst aspects of the male  psyche.
6305627401|5.0|I think that this is one of, if not the funniest, films I have ever seen. Any self respecting south park fan must have this on vhs or dvd
6300182576|3.0|This film seems to catch alot of flack, but is really not all that bad.  While admittedly somewhat slow moving, it nonetheless has some good action, some interesting characters, good location filming, and a fairly  interesting storyline.  I have seen it many times, and while it is not the  greatest western around, it is worth watching.
0385484518|1.0|I think the reviews by Sarah and Christina nicely encapsulate my thoughts on this book.  Why do I continue to let the New York Times bestseller list to manipulate me?  The only positive thing I have to say about this ( )is that I was able to give it to my approaching 70 year old parents, who  enjoyed it.  I was recently talking to a fellow who taught High School  Senior English and, as a literature major in collge and ABD in Comparative  Literature before jumping ship to make money in the oh so boring corporate  world where people don't read books and are proud of it, continuing to be  avidly interested in education and what the kids are reading, asked him  what his class was reading now. It was Tuesdays with Morrie.  Now we know  why Johnnie can't read and why Jane has no critical thinking skills.  I  wonder if any of the students picked up on the greed element (Albom's) and  also wonder why I can't throw together some(  ) like this and soar to the  top of the bestseller list.  I don't think the Goddess of Contemporary  Literature, Joan Didion, would approve and if I could meet anyone in the  world, it would be her. Shame on Mitch Albom and his publisher.  For anyone  interested, I've since read Georgiana, Stiffed, The Hours, and Hitler's  Pope and would give them all 5 stars.  My last remaining question is why  Amazon doesn't offer the option of rating it no star?  And one last  thought; I work for a major consulting firm and interview candidates for  positions regularly.  The first questions I always ask are &quot;what was  the last book you read&quot; and &quot;what are you reading now&quot;?  If  I don't like the answer to that, I check the &quot;no hire&quot; box and  cite poor communications skills as the basis for my decision.  If Tuesdays  with Morrie were so much even mentioned, that box would be checked in an  nanosecond and I'm sure I'd have to excuse myself and pass the interviewee  along.  I hope this offers some guidance to upcoming graduates currently in  the interviewing process or anyone else for that matter.  That single  answer would tell me more than anything else I could possibly ask.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I bought the CD for &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot; and love the whole album, especially &quot;Adam's song&quot;.
B00000J7J4|1.0|If you really love the good old Santana just don't spend your money. That's shame for the great misician. Black Sabbuth sold their souls for r'n'r. Carlos did it for rap and money. So sad...
B00003CWRX|1.0|Touchstone has decided to force you to watch two trailers EVERY SINGLE TIME you insert the disc in your player. The only function allowed is power off and eject. Don't get me wrong the movie is very good, but the DVD  execution is terrible. If I had known this, I would never have bought it.
0792836634|5.0|child's play is a extreamly amazing film,even though it is a short film it is still worth to have on video{for mad people}
0451169514|5.0|This book was a little slow to get started, even slower than most King books.  Like a few other reviewers, I thought there were a couple of scenes  in the book that were totally inappropriate. I still give the book 5  stars.  It was very interesting with the idea that IT appears as what  everything you are afraid of.  The descriptions of the characters as  children is amazing, you will in your minds eye see your own childhood  friends as the faces of the characters.  The way you read about how they  encountered IT as children and as adults at the same time is pretty  exiting.  READ IT!
0449227545|2.0|well another follet novel has come and gone and as for me this one was an earthshaking bomb! the story is at least well written (which is his specialty) but the premise is a little weak. (LITTLE?) but it got me away from my family for a while so if thats what you are looking for then by all  means go for it.
B000003BDJ|4.0|HOT ROCKS 1964-71 has everything the unitiated listener needs to experience the genius of the Stones.  The only reasons for less than 5 stars are that the sound quality in transfer to CD from vinyl should have  been better and the organ intro version of &quot;Time Is On My Side&quot; (  the LP version has the signature guitar lead intro that nearly defines the  essence of the early Stones- Keith's and Brian's guitar interplay).       For the casual Stones listener, perhaps this compilation is sufficient  unless their more recent work is sought.  Every track is superb and the  second CD is a showcase of the band at its finest.
B00000JGEF|5.0|i,ve seen this movie 125 times,i practially know the film of by heart, it's got the best speacil effects, even though its thirteen years old its still updated till today.this film deserves all the awards in the world.
0897500482|5.0|This book should be required reading for everyone who thinks that 15 years of doing kata is the best way to learn self defense or that standing in a horse stance punching the air builds speed and power.  I am involved with a  classical style, but after reading this book I cannot motivate my self to  train there.  I feel like it is a waste of my time and money.<br />The book is  a collection of notes and drawings that were assembled afters Lee's death.   It reads like several hundred paragraphs instead of a book, but it is still  good.  Lee includes alot of philosophy and Buddist ideas in the book, it's  not all techniques.
