B00004LN16|5.0|If you ask me, the whole album has the &quot;blues&quot; feeling-but don't let that fool you, because every song on here kicks it loud and hard.  It's too bad that no lyric book was included, because everything else beside the  chorus line is hard to understand.  But, with AC/DC, I don't think true  fans REALLY read into the lyrics.  All of the songs are pretty catchy and  rockin' but I think listeners will really get down with &quot;Safe in New  York City,&quot; &quot;Stiff Upper Lip,&quot; and especially  &quot;Damned.&quot;
B000002ITK|1.0|What was I thinking.  I must've been drunk when I picked this up.  Only explanation.
B00004LN16|5.0|If you ask me, the whole album has the &quot;blues&quot; feeling-but don't let that fool you, because every song on here kicks it loud and hard.  It's too bad that no lyric book was included, because everything else beside the  chorus line is hard to understand.  But, with AC/DC, I don't think true  fans REALLY read into the lyrics.  All of the songs are pretty catchy and  rockin' but I think listeners will really get down with &quot;Safe in New  York City,&quot; &quot;Stiff Upper Lip,&quot; and especially  &quot;Damned.&quot;
068484267X|1.0|I was so disappointed by this book, especially the ending.  I don't understand why people rave about this book.  In my opinion it was poorly written, and exaggerated.  I'm not doubting he had a tough life, but come  on!  I was anxious to finish the book so I could see the movie.. but now I  don't even want to see it.  <br />Don't waste your time reading this book!
B00004LN16|5.0|If you ask me, the whole album has the &quot;blues&quot; feeling-but don't let that fool you, because every song on here kicks it loud and hard.  It's too bad that no lyric book was included, because everything else beside the  chorus line is hard to understand.  But, with AC/DC, I don't think true  fans REALLY read into the lyrics.  All of the songs are pretty catchy and  rockin' but I think listeners will really get down with &quot;Safe in New  York City,&quot; &quot;Stiff Upper Lip,&quot; and especially  &quot;Damned.&quot;
B0000025HG|3.0|I realy hate this album.  But I love to hate it
B00004LN16|5.0|Well i listened to this cd and what can i tell you... it's the best! the bad boys are back and they are still rocking like it's &quot;Back In Black&quot;. &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; is a classic so any true AC/DC fan  will have to buy it!
0375707972|3.0|Because of all the hype I heard, I was expecting something much greater than what I read. The story was predictable, and the writing was obviously a translation. There are better books out there to read if you only have  limited time.
B00004LN16|5.0|Stiff Upper Lip represents AC/DC's return to their old ways (I never knew they left).  Songs like &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot;, &quot;Meltdown&quot;, and &quot;Come and Get It&quot; are sure to become classics.  I recommend  this to all who like good ol' rock 'n' roll!
B000002JSN|5.0|If you hate this CD, you are, no doubt, on crack.  All of the songs are EXCELLENT except maybe Battle of Evermore.  They should rename this CD, The Best of Led Zeppelin because it very well is.  These songs just NEVER get  old.  This should be your first Led Zeppelin to buy if you are just getting  in to it for the first time.
B00003CWPL|5.0|David Lynch's first movie is by far the weirdest movie ever made. But if you can watch it without going mad, you will discover that there is alot of metaphors and symbols that make the movie more fascinating and fun with  every time you watch it. Its far scarier than any typical horror movie  because it messes with your mind and it plays on your imagination. It also  lulls you into a state of pure shock when you begin to feel the whole movie  is a nightmare of yours. This movie is filled with wonderful imagery,  beautiful cinematography and also appeals to the cult-filmgoer. Watch it  and love it.
B000003TAR|4.0|kurt cobain was a genius in my eyes. he brought the world more in his 3 years of fame than anyone else. i love his music, and this album is my favorite because bleach was so heavy, and nevermind was way too poppy. when  i listen to nevermind, all i see is thousands of teenyboppers bouncing away  to a song that was written in hate of them and their culture. and in a way,  every time i listen to nirvanas music i feel partly responsible for his  death, because it was us, the people who bought his records and went to his  concerts, it was us that drove him to suicide. im not going to pretend that  i understand kurt cobain, i dont. i wish that all those people who sit  there and say &quot;hes ok&quot;,say that &quot;nevermind was his best  album&quot; would go to hell. because thats where they belong.
6303443214|5.0|i loved this movie!  the actors really brought the characters from anne rice's book to life in a big way.  i fell in love with lestat.  it was not hard to do.  i also felt compassion for louie, he had a tourtered soul  about taking the life of a human.  this movie really protrays vampires as  humans.  their not the cold blooded creatures that everyone makes them out  to be.  they have a soul to.  just like humans they feel anger, love,  betryal, and they can cry.  they just drink blood that's all.
B000021XR5|1.0|STP has gone continuously downhill since Purple. Tiny Music was an average album with a few listenable songs but overall was very boring. No. 4, on the other hand, hardly bears listening. The songs are pounding and  repetetive, more annoying than edifying. I found nothing to like about  anything in this album.<br />The conclusion: buy Core and Purple, they're both  great. If you feal adventurous, buy Tiny Music. No. 4 is by a different  band entirely, and I would not recommend it.
B000001GH9|5.0|I admit to having been dubious about Anne-Sophie Mutter. There have been so many crossover fiddle-babes lately, that I had subconsciously filed her alongside Vanessa Mae and Linda Brava. That was unfair, probably sexist,  and ill-considered, as this disc makes clear.<br />Mutter is the real thing.  She displays an extraordinary command of her instrument in what is really  an very difficult and technically demanding piece.<br />The Berg Violin  Concerto is magical. At times jagged and strident and at times soaring and  lyrical, it demands exceptional range from the soloist. Although it is  [mainly] atonal, the concerto is capable of expressing great warmth and  melodic invention in the right hands. Mutter's hands are the right  hands.<br />I hesitate to use another sexist term like &quot;a woman's  touch,&quot; but the truth is that there is something ineffably feminine in  Mutter's performance here. Perhaps it's a lyricism that I don't here in  Stern's performance of the same piece. Perhaps it's a lightness of touch.  In any event, Mutter proves herself by seeming to start from the position  that she has nothing to prove.<br />I had never listened to Wolfgang Rihm's  music before, and Gesungene Zeit remains the only composition of his that I  have ever heard. I was quite dubious at first, having been disappointed in  the past by neo-conservative &quot;modern&quot; composers like Gorecki and  Part. However, I was pleasantly surprised by Rihm's composition on this  disc.<br />It may be just that Mutter plays the solo part so well, of course.  But Gesungene Zeit has sort of griwn on me. It is minimal [rather than  minimalist] in the same way as Ives' Unanswered Question, with some srong  tutti chords in the second half. I'm not sure I would class it as one of  the GREAT concetante violin pieces, but it does have a charm -- certainly  as performed by Mutter -- that seems to improve with each listen.
079213690X|5.0|I think this is the best movie ever made. I love this movie cause its really much action in it. The Battles are the best I ever seen in a movie. I love when the englishmen gets hurt and when the blood is all over the  place. Nice butcher movie!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|SG's lyrics grab you by the heart-I  found myself with tears rolling down my cheeks. I'm 40+ and should be far beyond this..Very melodic, sensitive- &amp; yes guys, thats a good thing !  Really talented-wish them the best  and hope they continue
B00004LN16|5.0|the THUNDER from down under is BACK!  Predictable YES..predictably Rockin,stompin, riffin, and kickin music..filled with fun and a heavy beat...No big hair primping...just great no nonsense Rock n Roll...NO  pointless guitar noodling Angus keeps the riffs tight and to the  point...and NO strings, keyboards, samples, horns...just the greatest  darned garage band in the world..If you are looking for lyric sheets you  can take to your Poetry 101 class ...SHOVE OFF!  for those that want to  Rock..apply HERE!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|SG's lyrics grab you by the heart-I  found myself with tears rolling down my cheeks. I'm 40+ and should be far beyond this..Very melodic, sensitive- &amp; yes guys, thats a good thing !  Really talented-wish them the best  and hope they continue
0679720200|4.0|Albert Camus' \\"The Stranger\\" was interesting.  The different sentence structure, indicating a man of simple education, made the book easy to read.  However the concepts and ideas presented in the text were those that  cannot be taken lightly.   <br />The absurdity that reoccurs throughout the  book brings to light, my opinion of, Camus' meaning.  Traditional Christian  values are not always substantial enough for the modern man.  The main  character Meursault is not punished severely for his true crime but for his  lack of emotions.  As the modern man Meursault found nothing to believe in,  his actions are based purely on his senses.  He will do whatever gives him  physical pleasure.   <br />The absurdity of Meursault's trial and of Meursault  himself shows Camus' belief that the modern man has become more detached  from himself and his emotions.  The examining magistrate is also absurd in  his idea that if Meursault does not believe in God his belief in God is  invalid.  There is no reason for another's belief to affect your beliefs.   This absurdity shows Camus' disillusionment with religious fanatics.<br />\\"The  Stranger\\" raises interesting questions about the absurdity of people's  ideas and of life itself.  Why do religious fanatics act the way they do?   Why would someone develop into an apathetic, purely sensual person, when  they had a seemingly normal life?  Meursault may be a phenomenon or the  first in a newly emerging class of apathetic people.
B0000024Z7|5.0|A formative, key album of the 1970s. Time alone will ensure that it will be ushered into the Pantheon of Great Recordings of the 20th century ... its inherent strength lies in its unified 'feel' for a new and exciting  type of jazz-rock fusion, way ahead of its time - not in my opinion a  weakness or a dilution, but a strength - purely instrumental tracks in the  early 1970s were not that common, and Carlos Santana broke new gound with  'Caravanserai' in this regard ... 'Song of The Wind' retains all the the  virtuoso brilliance and artistic integrity that one expect to find in any  good recording of the Beethoven violin concerto for example ... this album  deserves to be up there, amongst the Great Masters ...  not 100 per cent  perfect - but damn close...<br />JDL
B00004LN16|5.0|Do you know what a miracle is?...it's when something impossible is made possible...that's what AC/DC, the greatest and only honest Rock'n'Roll band in this world, have done...You could call this album as &quot;Back in Black  II&quot;! only thing it's not a tribute record like the original. I've  listened over and over and I want more and more...There's no doubt, SUL is  already a classic! Meltdown, Hold me Back, Damned, Can't stop Rock'n'Roll,  Safe in NYC, House of Jazz and all of them are High quality AC/DC R'n'R.
B000002UAF|5.0|First, it must be said that the Beatles' first two albums, Please Please Me and With the Beatles are bonifide classics, capturing the band at the height of their on-stage excellence. Some would argue that their on-stage  prowess did not translate to the studio - I definitely disagree. Please  Please Me and With the Beatles are brimming with the excitement that the  Beatles were generating almost every night in the clubs and theaters in  England and Germany. Each are 5 star albums, each for their own  reasons.<br />But this album WAS yet a another giant leap forward.  Consisting  of ALL Lennon-McCartney originals, written under tremendous pressure while  touring, this album shows the melodicism, production sheen, and superb  songwriting that would become hallmarks for the group and set the standard  that EVERY other contemporary pop artist would struggle to attain.<br />Great  tune follows great tune. All killer, no filler. Are the lyrics  &quot;deep&quot;? Nope. Not the point at all. The lyrics fit the music.  Exuberant, full of love, innocence and optimism. And what's wrong with  that, I'd like to know?<br />From that incredible opening chord that  introduces 'A Hard Day's Night' to the brilliant alternating major  chord-minor chord riff that ends 'I'll Be Back', this album sweeps you  along in a rush of breathtaking energy that seems to end all too quickly.  Even the ballads have a resonance that gives goosebumps. &quot;And I Love  Her&quot; has an aching beauty; &quot;If I Fell&quot; has harmonies to die  for; &quot;Things We Said Today,&quot; a meloncholy wistfullness. <br />This  album proved that the Beatles were masters of high energy Rock and Roll  (Can't Buy Me Love, You Can't Do That, Any Time At All) shimmering power  pop (Hard Day's Night, I Should Have Known Better, I'm Happy Just to Dance  With You, Tell Me Why) and achingly beautiful ballads (those mentioned  above, I'll Be Back) and even &quot;pop&quot; rockabilly (I'll Cry  Instead). <br />I see a lot of commentary that the early Beatles albums were  &quot;fluff&quot;, &quot;primitive&quot;, &quot;bubblegum&quot;,  &quot;unaccomplished&quot;, etc. I guarantee you, these people either have  never really sat down and listened to these albums, or do not have the  reference points in their experience to even understand this music. What it  is, simply, is the most timeless, achingly gorgeous pop/rock/vocal music  ever recorded. This music will be listened to for as long as there is  recorded music available. I hope you are among those fortunate enough to  have 'tuned in.'  I couldn't wish you better.
B000031XCR|1.0|the only good song is her single, but the rest is so slow it not even funny.  every new song is boring and slow.  take my advice and dont buy it.
B00004LN16|3.0|...it merely rocks like all of their albums do.  Folks, don't go looking for deep lyrical messages or complicated musical notes.  This album is just great rock chords and men singing like they were still in puberty.  In  other words, it's AC/DC.  If you like them buy it, if not, skip it.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Regardless of the mixed reviews, the thousands of perceptions of art and music and the way it &quot;should be&quot;, I think Bowie is entering the next step in his evolution and has done so quite well. I have to respect  the artists attemp for the 'new expretion' and I feel he brings it out  suddle yet at the same time the message is real and direct in 'Hours'. The  man has, in my opinion, reached a point in his life, in his  mind when the  question of dieing is lurking quite often and I simpethized with him once I  understood the album. &quot;What's going on?&quot;      The 'new' is what  Bowie has always strived to acheive. I think he has has taken the way he  feels, the unanswered questions, and his creative being and titled it very  well: Hours. I would recomend this album to anyone who, first of all  understands how to listen, and anyone who is searching for another voice in  the void. Great album!
0345350499|2.0|This book is well written, but too long. Perhaps as a male I need some more action in my books, but  this book really could have benefited from having about 200 pages cut out. Also, the soap-opera basis of the character  interaction got old very, very quickly. I couldn't finish the book. I must  say that I found the religious argumentation quite interesting, but overall  it was not for me.
B00004LN16|5.0|AC/DC AT ITS BEST. THIS ALBUM RANKS UP THERE WITH BACK IN BLACK &amp; HIGHWAY TO HELL. TRUE FANS WILL BE PLEASED.  &quot;GIVE IT UP&quot; AND &quot;SATELITE BLUES&quot; WILL BE MAINSTAYS ON THE RADIO WAVES FOR YEARS  TO COME.
0679720200|4.0|Albert Camus' The Stranger is classic existentialism.  The lead character, M. Meursault, epitomizes indifference, and his responses towards life are the essence of the author's underlying existentialist beliefs   The story  is divided down the middle into two parts, the punctuated by the murder of  an Arab on the beach by the lead character.  The first part of the story  mainly introduces the character of Meursault, by showing his interactions  with his fellow characters, also including the death of his mother and the  new romance between Meursault and Marie, which blossoms the day after  Meursault returns from his mother's funereal.   The second part is  Meursault's trial, which is largely like the final episode of 'Seinfeld,'  as all the characters are called up to testify on Meursault's personality.   Condemned to die, Meursault has a revelation about life, which is the key  theme in the book   Faced with non-existance, Meursault realizes that there  is no outer meaning in the universe, and that is the most imprortant  message from the work.
B00000J7J4|1.0|This was a true dissappointment ! There are a few good songs here and the rest is poor stuff. This is a collection of various music and I say that litely ! If you are looking for THE Santana music then this is not the  album you want. If you want a sample of what a lot of groups are calling  music today then this may be for you. The awards people are a bunch of know  nothing of music anyway. Maybe this was for publicity !
0767830520|5.0|Taxi Driver, though many would disagree, is what I believe to be Deniro's finest performance.  The extensive research he put into his role before ever stepping in front of the camera is commendable, not to mention rare.  If you've seen Mean Streets, also directed by Scorsese, you know how  effectively Deniro can portray losing his mind on screen.  I strongly  identify with this movie, in that I feel extremely anti-social now and  then.  I think most of us do occasionally.      The soundtrack is another  item worth purchasing on CD.  Written and conducted by Bernard Herman, the  music seems to slowly simmer, then crash, only to return to sweet melody  again.  If you listen closely, you can sense Herman tuning in to the  mindstate of someone slowly descending into madness, moving between states  of faltering calm and violent bursts.      Simply put, it is my favorite of  all movies, and I recommend it to anyone who likes to become immersed in a  characters life. There's plenty of humor, sincerity, violence, sexiness,  and above all the dialog between Deniro and Foster in the restaurant is  priceless. Deniro's performance is flawlewss and completely surreal.  Definitely not a party movie, Taxi Driver is best when viewed alone (at  least for the first time.)  You can't help but evaluate where you stand  mentally when you watch this movie. Don't bother renting it, just buy it!   Also, if you can find them, there are posters available of Deniro as Travis  Bickle, a gun raised up in each hand, smiling that insane laugh of his, complete with the  mohawk.  The poster's black and white, and is a must have once you've seen  this movie.  Well, hope you buy it,watch it, and love it! <br />P.S.             &quot;You talkin' to me?&quot;
B000002UB3|5.0|Reading through the previous reviews, I realized how controversial the Beatles are.  Some of the reviews claim that the Beatles are the greatest band of all time while others claim that they are the most overrated band  in Rock and Roll history.  They make such criticisms as the Beatles were  getting away from the blues roots of Rock and Roll and that they had no  talent because they stopped playing live.  I think they are a great band  because they took the blues and reinvented it into something new, and  although I am too young to see how much the Beatles changed popular music,  I know that their influence extends into most if not all popular music that  is made today.  In addition, the criticism that the Beatles have no talent  because they didn't play live is made out of complete ignorance because in  1966, the Beatles quit playing live for money because they wanted to  concentrate on their studio recordings and not because they had no  talent.<br />     That said, Abbey Road is a great LP, and putting aside all  reservations that this album doesn't have distinct blues influences and  that it has a good deal of classical influence, it is a great album that  can excite nearly anyone about music.  Truly, the suite on the second half  of the CD gives me chills when I listen to it, and I absolutely love the  Harrison original &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;.  Normally, I enjoy  &quot;dark&quot; music (e.g. Dark Side of the Moon, Highway 61 Revisited),  but this is vibrantly optimistic and I truly enjoy it.<br />     Summed up,  there is something for all listeners on this album especially if you enjoy  the experience of music, and are not just concerned with the dry,  scientific analyses of Abbey Road and the Beatles found in some of the  critical reviews below.
6305183023|5.0|This movie is absolutely the best one that I have ever seen. The idea of peeping and broadcasting one's whole life came to me as kind of shock. Hope you experience together.
1573226521|3.0|Since I too got suckered into the Koh Phangan full moon party trap by a Lonely Planet guidebook(and subsequently spent a fascinating 8 days in two Thai jails), I had to read this book.  I think Aufbach's review below was  the best out of the previous 377, but I'm going to give Alex Garland a bit  more credit. Sure he's no Hemingway as far as travel writing goes, but I  suspect that he was trying to get some points across to people who need a  faster pace to get/keep their attention.  Some of the characters are like  cardboard cutouts used to fill out the story, and a lot of the story is  very obviously borrowed from elsewhere, but I still think The Beach is a  good mix of honesty and cleverness, especially for a first novel.    Garland's novel does a good job of exposing the false prophet within us all  as it uncovers the layers of self-indulgence and hypocrisy we westerners  use to hide the fact that we're all just a bunch of philistines. It's also  quite entertaining at the same time.  If you're looking for the next James  Joyce, don't bother with this book. If you're about to go backpacking in  search of utopia, don't even get on the plane before you've read it.
B000002BE9|5.0|All these reviews say that Fiona Apple is no Tori Amos.  Quite the contrary.  Tori Amos is no Fiona Apple.  This is one of only a few albums from the late 90's that I can listen to from start to finish.
052594527X|5.0|The author creates a world in which one can feel the cold of Griet's hands and smell the blood in the meat market.  This was truly a wonderful story - a simple story that could be read again and again.  I'll be looking for the  next book by this author.
0312853238|5.0|I don't know what some people were thinking when they read this book because it is quite possibly THE greatest book ever published. Some people are complaining about the lack of detail of the lack of detail, the ease of  reading and other such stupid things. Card apprached that book in a  humanistic way which, I believe, has never been rivaled. The people  complaining about are either substandard in intelligence or just plain  stupid (so they can understand what I called them). Card never wanted  Ender's Game to be cryptic or to be only understood by astrophysists, he  meant for it to be accessable for all readers. He didn't concentrate on the  science for a reason-he isn't a scientist and wasn't going to pretend to  be. So all of you who think it's stupid because it is easily readable curl  up with your Xerox manual, but for all of you who have been left out for  being smarter than the others, read this book because you will understand  it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Purchased this CD on the strength of her live performances on NBC's LATER program last night.  As is the case with most pop recordings it does not equal a live performance, but is still very good.  RE: Matthews review-    D. Armstrong &amp; R. Armstrong = Dido &amp; Rollo
B000003TAR|5.0|Nevermind was the best album ever made until In Utero was released. I bought both albums  not long after they came out and I don't get off my a** to do anything until it's a passing fad. This album is either  overly-produced or overly-minimalistic depending on whose review you read.  But who cares when your CD player catches fire from the sparks the laser is  giving off. Frances Farmer will have her revenge on your stereo. Serve the  Servants, Heart-Shaped Box, Rape Me, Frances Farmer, Dumb, Milk It,  Pennyroyal Tea, All Apologies and even the listener unfriendly Radio  Friendly Unit Shifter are all better than any song by Pearl Jam or  Soundgarden or Courtney Hole whose music I actually liked alot. Many  Nirvaniacs seem to feel that Bleach was Nirvana's &quot;heaviest.&quot; I  always thoght Bleach was just good dysfunctional fun while In Utero was  like shock treatment after a lobotomy. The strangest thing about In Utero  is the way it pummels the listener with its dementia, then delivers a  knockout blow with the surreal sugary sweetness of All Apologies. It's so  creepy that I need to listen over and over. It's been 7 years. You'd think  I'd have had enough.
0684833395|5.0|I was looking at the past reviews of this book, interested to see the expected raves but more interesting was the critics of this book, yes it is anti war..but in a tongue in cheek way a soldier would see war. The  politics that send him to fight another are soon forgotten in a battle or  the bordom of a war... he will hate his leaders who are keeping him away  from his loved ones, soldiers in a drawn out war loose the first excitment  of this adventure, they see dead and the horrors of war. The characters who  are tied up in this insanity see nothing of the big picture, only their  daily dramas, they have the right to think all is insane.So this book  reflects this, it shows how us normal people survive in a very unusual  situation.
0679720200|4.0|The novel The Stranger by Albert Camus is a deceptively simple story by the Nobel Prize winning existentialist author. In narrating the story of Meursault, a seemingly ordinary man,  Camus separates his readers into two  categories: Those who follow his beliefs, and those who do not. Due to the  absolute natures of both sides of this discussion, there can be no median.    If one stops to reflect on the circumstances of our existence, a startling  decision is to be made. As emotion clouds our judgement and batters us with  the possibility that there is no reason for us to be here, we run. We run  towards religion or a belief in a higher force that validates our lives. In  the end, this is the ultimate weakness that diseases humanity. The main  character, Meursault, embodies the true existentialist hero. In the  beginning of the story, he does not have a full understanding of the  &quot;gentle indifference of the world.&quot; However, his completely  unemotional demeanor paves the way for his eventual enlightenment. While  considering his predicament, he cements the realization that there is no  inherent meaning in, of or for life.   As people confront the  possibility that their lives are merely inconsequential specs in the  universe, they fabricate homilies and tie themselves to these descriptions  which amount to little more than the multitudinous myths of cultures in  existence at the dawn of humanity. In The Stranger, Camus tells readers  that gaining this existentialist insight is fairly simple. One must open  ones mind to the more reasonable possibilities which explain our universe.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Miyazaki has done it again with this awesome and beautifully animated film. But the most gripping is the storyline. It's such a dream come true to see this title coming on DVD which it deserves to be in. Disney has  finally waken up and decided to put it in a medium that maximizes the  presentation quality.  The dual language tracks is the biggest thing that  closes the deal for me to get this DVD. Even though a certain company  didn't want it to do too well in the theaters with the limited release,  this will certainly make all anime fans happy. The animation was all  hand-drawn (over 100,000 frames) but the character cel painting was done  with computer techniques provided by a SoftImage paint plug-in and the  American voice talent was top calibur. Well, except for Claire Danes. The  one thing I would hope for is that the featurette would be longer than  planned. It should show something like the making of the film sorta similar  to Disney's Tarzan (limited Edition) where it promises to show a bunch of  &quot;making of&quot; material--from the original concept drawing, to  animation, and to final touches. Then, I would say it would the greatest  DVD ever made.
6304712499|1.0|Several villains and one super-hero, dressed in hackneyed outfits; Street scenes in a   film noir style with a touch of Bocsh and Brueghel colouring; asinine car chases with  monotonous explosions; idiotic  humor and excessive computer FX that will make  teenagers gape -- and  you have Spawn, a movie that has no original ideas and rips off   everything in sight. (Nevertheless, when it comes filming a comic book like  this,  everything will turn out as a commonplace)
B000003TA4|5.0|I was in the army back in 1991 when this came out and this album was the only thing that I really like to remember about that time in my life. I bought it to hear &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; before I even knew  that was the name of the song. I actually tried to decipher the lyrics and  was fairly successful. I became even more successful when I bought the CD  single of &quot;Lithium&quot; which contains all of the lyrics for  Nevermind. (hint, hint) &quot;Teen Spirit&quot; is not the only good song  on this album. In fact Lithium is even better and Territorial Pissings is  the greatest couple of minutes of noise ever recorded. Of course the sound  is much too glossy for the assault that this band delivers but these songs  would have been great even if they were played on an accordion (Go Wierd  Al). Kurt Cobain was far too talented to have been such a pathetic quitter.
B00003CXAA|5.0|&quot;The Godfather&quot; has become an endearing part of the American culture ever since its inception for a very good reason: it's virtually flawless in its acting, direction, cinematography, set design, and anything else that can combine in aspiring as one of the top movies ever.  Marlon  Brando gives his most memorable role life; he wields incredible power that  can ultimately decide who will live and who will die, and yet he is  portrayed as a generous husband who gets fruit for his wife and a caring  grandfather who plays with his grandson in the garden.  Pacino is excellent  as the most competent son who becomes increasingly more ruthless as the  picture ensues (we see his complete transformation in the sequel) and  Duvall is also notable for his low-key but pivotal role as consigliere, who  encounters each issue with good rationality.
0425170349|5.0|&quot;Rainbow Six&quot; was the first book of its genre that I have read. In fact, the book had been sitting on the shelf for nearly eight months before I even touched it (which I did only at a moment of great boredom).  However, after getting to page 300 or so, I devoured the rest in 2 days!  The complex plot branches off in amazing, mostly unforeseen ways, and Tom  Clancy spares no details - Graphic or otherwise - and that is guaranteed to  make this book as close to a roller-coaster as a book can get... The  closest thing to a flaw I could point at is Clancy's stereotypical  characterisation - All characters are stereotyped - The &quot;All-American  G.I. Joe&quot;, the sly, conniving Russian spy, the German &quot;Arnold  Schwartzenegger&quot; ironman soldier, etc. However, rather than look at  this as a flaw, I found it rather amusing - It gives the plot a slight  comical aspect. All in all - A good read.
0375804013|5.0|_The Monster At The End Of This Book_ (henceforth &quot;TMATEOTB&quot;) is a fascinating treatise on several of the philosophical problems lurking at the core of modern and classical thought.  The premise -- that, with the turn of each page, the reader brings self-described &quot;lovable, furry  Grover&quot; closer to danger at the hands of the title monster -- allows  one to question the very nature of free will and destiny.  Is Grover doomed  to encounter the monster?  The conceit that it is the act of turning pages  -- the literal act of reading itself -- that causes the ending to come  about inevitably leads to the question: Would the book end differently if  one _didn't_ finish reading it?  On another level, TMATEOTB addresses  one of the paradoxes of contemporary physics: The equality of space and  time.  The &quot;end of the book&quot; is an event in the future, but the  monster is not spoken of as &quot;arriving&quot;, but as _already being  there_.  Thus, turning pages moves the reader and Grover not only forward  in time, as in most traditional literature, but also forward in space,  leading to the perilous End of the Book.  Lastly, TMATEOTB is about how  we are ultimately at the whim of the cosmic forces that shape our lives.  The hapless protagonist tries again and again to stop the reader from  turning pages by erecting brick walls and nailing one page to the other.  His efforts are futile, but he remains unaware of his essential  helplessness in the face of a Reader.  Perhaps, the book says, we are  ultimately doomed to fail, trapped within the pages of cosmic irony, but  unable to prevent or even perceive the inevitability of our encounter with  the monster.  The shocking twist ending wraps up the disparate threads  of the text, presenting issues of self-knowledge, the nature of fear, and  the question of what it truly means to be a monster.  Perhaps the failure  of our quests for safety in an uncertain world isn't so bad, it argues, if  it leads to a confrontation like the one depicted in _The Monster At The  End Of This Book_.confrontation like the one depicted in _The Monster At The  End Of This Book_.
014028009X|4.0|Not since reading Kingsley Aims have I laughed out loud so much.  Thank you Helen Fielding for creating such colorful characters.  Reading Bridget's diary give a real sense of her moods and (yes) even her personal  growth. How refreshing to read an honest story about a single woman without  making her too pathetic or precious.
6304493681|5.0|I've read a few reviews comparing 'Ghost in the Shell' to 'The Matrix'. Personally I  don't think it's an accurate comparison at all. Think 'Blade Runner' here. It has the same kind of atmosphere that made BR such a cult  movie and it deals with the same subject. Compared to most other animes out  there, GITS may seem a little dull, but if you're the kind who likes to  have some brain activity when watching an anime, then you'll probably like  this. One other thing that caught my attention is that, like 'Blade  Runner', it flows along like water. You could easily start watching it and  find yourself loosing track of time. It is short tough, only 82 min. It's a  shame really, because with the vast amount of sub-plots present in Masamune  Shirow's original work they could easily make an anime with well over 2hrs.  That aside, the animation is some of the best you will ever see. Kusanagi's  battle with the tank at the end comes to mind. Very sleek. The music is  also very peculiar. It's kinda of a cross between ambient, electronica and  new age. It's not for everyone be warned. Unlike normal music scores, Kenji  Kawai's score does not bring the action to life, quite on the contrary.  It's always present very softly in the background to the point of you  forgetting about it. It creates a sense of detachment, or contemplation  that, in my opinion, works great for this kind of movie, however I can see  why some people would disagree. All in all, this one is a true classic to  be ranked along the side of Akira. Get it!<br />Image Quality: Very good for  the most part. The anime's dark atmosphere and dull colours transfer well  to DVD. The blacks aren't as good as I would hope and at some points the  image quality is, for some reason, a tad worse (the intro shots for  example), however times like these are few and far between. The whole image  is very soft and I hoped the edges would be  a little more sharp. I'm not  sure if this is because of the transfer or the movie itself because I  haven't seen 'Ghost in the Shell' in any other digital format and I  certainly aren't going to take for reference the VHS edition *grin*. But  don't let what I said put you off, as for the most part you'll be more than  satisfied at the image quality. For an example, when the optic camouflage  kicks in and you have the 'rainbow' effect (if you see it you'll know what  I'm talking about) all the colours are very well defined and very crisp and  you'll find yourself thinking how cool it looks. On another shot of Bateau  inside his car more to the end, you can see water drops on the side  window... try doing that on VHS. Very nice.<br />Sound Quality: When I bought  this DVD I wasn't expecting anything special on the sound department. Boy,  was I wrong. The sound comes in two flavours: English 5.1 and Japanese 2.0  The stereo version is nothing to write home about. It's adequate... just.  The only good thing about it is that you get to hear the Japanese voice  acting which is always nice, other than that (if you've got a 5.1 setup)  just forget about it. The 5.1 version is where the sound really comes to  life. It hasn't got an intricate and complex soundstage like 'Twister' for  example, but it sure delivers the sound with a punch. Your subwoofer will  love you every time you pop in this DVD. From the roaring explosions,  machine gun fire or the deep drums on some parts of the musical score, the  bass is always deep and clear. Music is all around you, coming from all  channels most of the time, so this at least creates an involving  atmosphere, especially when the music is of the ambient type I've  described. The surround channels are also nicely used. When shots are fired  you get a sort of 'echo' effect going in the two surrounds. It might not be  accurate, but when those HV bullets start flying around, you'll be glad to  have the right setup. On the market chase scene, for example you get voices  and sounds coming from the surrounds bringing the market to life. The  surround channels are never aggressive nor overused, but I think this is  the best you can expect out an anime.<br />Extras: Well, they're better than  most DVD I've seen. You get a 25-30 min 'Making of Ghost in the Shell'  which is narrated by the guy who does the voice of Bateau in the English  version (I hope I'm right about this, it does sound a lot like him). This  won't tell you anything terribly new, but it does provide a little insight  at some of the techniques used.<br />The DVD also has a sort of index that  provide information on certain aspects of the universe of 'Ghost in the  Shell'. Characters, machine design, the various sections involved, etc...  again, nothing terribly new, but I can see how it can shed some light in  certain areas to those who aren't very familiarised with Shirow's universe  or the anime itself. The rest of the extras are just ads for manga video,  polygram, fan clubs, etc...
B00000J7S8|2.0|I really wanted to like this CD--it got such great reviews. But maybe you have to REALLY love jazz music to enjoy it. Diana's voice is not extraordinary, but it is interesing. Natalie Cole's Unforgettable is a much  better investment.
B000002MY3|4.0|I think that Alanis' debut CD was much better than her sophomore effort.  The tracks on this album focus more on her edgy singing style and jilted lover type lyrics, whereas the other CD equally balanced music and her  voice. Alanis' voice is incredible even without musical accompaniment, as  is evidenced on the hidden track.  If you want a CD that will give you  gritty, edgy lyrics and a soulful voice, this is the one for you.
B000002GYI|5.0|Sounded great the first time around some 20 years ago.  Their use of analog synthesizers makes it surprisingly interesting to listen to today.
6304938276|4.0|Scream 2 is an almost perfect sequel, with brilliant acting and lots of suspense. While making many references to the first movie, it still stands alone, not relying on the original. The main fault was the surprisingly  dull ending, which left you feeling almost cheated.                          9/10
6305750750|5.0|First off, Star Wars is the best movie saga ever made. Nothing captures the adventure and excitement like these movies. With that said, on to my review.     Now to all those people saying, &quot;oh its too digital and  computerized&quot; well i have something to say: Movies start to look  better as time progresses. Cameras get better picture, effects become more  realistic, etc. You can't blame George Lucas for making the movie try to  look good. I mean, he has enough money and the old way of effects are over,  so why would he go back to making it like they did in the 70's and 80's?      So onto the movie it self. its awesome. The sense of adventure is great.  The podracing scenes and the light saber fights are amazing. And it sets up  the story for the next ones perfectly. The only problem in the movie is  jar-jar. IF YOU ARE READING THIS GEORGE, MAKE IT A TOP PRIORITY TO TAKE HIM  OUT OF THE NEXT 2!  other than that....its great.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I must admit I had higher hopes for Kubrick's last film, but his images and use of color in the film (ie:the plush red carpet and purple robes in the pre orgy scene) are completely breathtaking. I think this was a film  that Kubrick wanted viewers to develop thier own feelings and perceptions  of. He always used to state this concept when he gave very rare interviews.   I think that we have become too used to films catering to us by thinking  for us. This film puts the ball in the viewer's court, and some people  can't stand that. But the most amazing thing about the film is the music  and imagery. The camera appears a bit out of focus and dreamy like, which  creates a fantasy like world that the daft plot needs desperately. Visually  stunning--keep your eyes open for this one!
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima was published in 1946 - a year after the bomb was dropped - in New Yorker magazine. Uniquely in its history, the magazine devoted its entire issue to Hersey's 30,000 word essay. Only later was it turned into a  book; the final chapter on the subsequent lives of the six subjects wasn't  written until 1985.<br />Hersey set out to put a human face on the consquences  of the atomic bomb. All earlier news accounts, articles and stories had  been focused on the statistics, the science, and the effort that led to the  nuclear weapon. Understood in that context, understanding what Hersey was  trying to do and say, the book is even more remarkable.<br />It is not a  novel; a novel is a work of fiction. It is an essay, a work of reportage.  This story is true. The book is all the more remarkable because Hersey was  born and raised in China, the son of missionaries, and had no reason to be  sympathetic to or about the Japanese. A war correspondent for Time, he  earned a commendation from the U.S. Army at Guadacanal. He cannot fairly be  accused of anything but supreme objectivity. By telling the true stories of  six survivors in an absolutely straightforward way, without judging the  decision to use the bomb, he put an intensely human face on the  consequences.<br />He was criticized at the time and is criticized today for  taking the events that day out of context. The bomb is supposed to have  saved a million American casualties (a highly suspect figure today). It was  supposed to have shortened the war by a year or more. Those critics are  themselves missing the true context. At the time, the historical events  leading to Truman's decision were well known (although recast in February  1947 by Stinson). Hersey's goal was to make the story real in a new way.  Those facts are well and good, Hersey is saying, but there were bad  consequences as well. In the process, he created a remarkable book.<br />I was  glad to see New York University recently named Hersey's Hiroshima as the  best single work of reporting in the 20th century. As events unfold in the  escalating nuclear arms race on the Indian subcontinent, everyone needs to  understand the human consequences of the use of nuclear weapons. By helping  keep Hersey's work before us, perhaps we can avoid another Hiroshima or  Nagasaki.hima as the  best single work of reporting in the 20th century. As events unfold in the  escalating nuclear arms race on the Indian subcontinent, everyone needs to  understand the human consequences of the use of nuclear weapons. By helping  keep Hersey's work before us, perhaps we can avoid another Hiroshima or  Nagasaki.
B00004LN16|5.0|AC/DC has always been considered a &quot;blues-based&quot; rock band, especially in the Bon Scott years. Later recordings tended to veer away from the blues influence, leaving only traces of it on some songs. Sure,  they are thought of as the 3-chord band, but they probably do more with  those 3 chords than any group. This CD is the closest thing to blues/rock  (or more particularly rock/blues) than any of their other recordings. The  tempo of the songs is somewhat slowed, but hey, it's what makes it so  bluesy. Slower tempo does not always mean the absence of a thundering  rhythm section and that is certainly the case here. Every song has a great  hook and that rhythm/lead guitar interplay between the Young brothers is  better than ever. The title track seems to be the single chosen for  airplay, but there are at least six others that qualify. All you blues/rock  fans out there will love this CD.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I look at it this way: This album is great if you are either not a hard-core Beatles fanatic, but you still like their music somewhat, or if you're one of those fans who is a little light in the pocket book and are  interested in maximizing your buying potential.  Anytime you can spend  under $35 and get an unlimited amount of audio pleasure, you're doing good,  and if you have a little left over, I recommend the Red Album also.
B000002O7C|4.0|I remember seeing this movie when it came out and I was only about 10 years old. This is the movie that got me interested in movies and the score that got me interested in scores. The first track, Hymn to Red October, is by far the best track. An incredibly powerful choir singing in Russian begins the disc in a  grand fasion and then quits down (the singing stil going) and then builds  again at the end. Track 2 is far out of order(should be at the end) but it  is one of the best tracks as well, starting out slowly and moving to a  tremendous outburst of choir to announce the failing of the Red October's  reactor. Theres some frantic action music, then, some slower material. Then  the Hymn comes back. Tracks 3 is a short but enjoyable piece, as is track 4  which is used in several establishing shots: big and brassy. Ancestral aid  is also another good place for the choir. Almost a tragic sound. track 6 is  some good pulse pounding action music that works wonderfully in the film,  but not really well on CD. tracks 7 and 9 are also fairly low key and  somewhat uninteresting, but enjoyable. track 8 is one of the highlights. A  very tense track full of small sudden bursts and quiet sections. Track 10  finishes off the CD with a bang. An incredible action track with a very  catchy percussive backbeat, perfectly backing up theimages of the  submarines screaming through the water at full speed(plus a cool choral  burst when the Dallas emergency surfaces). My big gripe is that some great  sections like the part where the Alfa sub is first seen, the first part of  the ending battle, and the closing credits(which included a really neat  no-vocal rendition of the opening Hymn) are missing! All in all, quite  entertaining and highly recommended. If the rest wre there, it would get 5  stars.
B000002IHU|5.0|One of their best. The riffs are incredibly catchy, making the songs stick in your head, and isn't that what a good album is supposed to do?
B00001IVOF|5.0|The Source Magazine committed a fatal error in giving this album only four-and-a-half mics. It deserved five, without a doubt. More sparse, more violent and infinitely darker than &quot;The Infamous,&quot; &quot;Hell on  Earth&quot; was (thus far) the creative pinnacle for Mobb Deep. Havoc's  beats got more sinister, and Prodigy's raps got more refined and equally  cold. From the start (the bangin' &quot;Animal Instinct&quot;), the album  is a non-stop whirlwind of storytelling concerning the sex, drugs, violence  and hip-hop emanating from Queensbridge. There are very few disappointing  moments on the album, except for &quot;G.O.D., Pt III,&quot; whose beat and  melody is really annoying, and a few mediocre production moments here and  there. Highlights (there are too many to list, but) include the hollow  &quot;More Trife Life,&quot; another Mobb story about why you can't trust  those project women and &quot;Can't Get Enough Of It,&quot; which rides a  dope string loop for all it's worth. This album should be in any real  hip-hop collector's repertoire.
B000002HRE|5.0|Once again Metallica put out an album that outrages many of their longtime fans, that is away and across from (or should I say over) the mainstream, and in the end everyone likes it even if they don't want to. They may noot  the greatest band of all time (an inch behind Led Zeppelin) but definitely  of the last two decades. Metallica is one of the bands that have changed  the scene musically for all time. I look forward to their next record. Oh,  and did I forget to mention... a singer in a band that's sold out does not  sing the way James sings in &quot;Fuel&quot; for example. You do not have  ears, physically, or there's something wrong with your brain, if that's  what you think. Neither condition can be fixed, so just stop talking :) Who  can blame them for earning some money, after all, being a rock star is hard  work (he, he, he).
B00000AFWW|5.0|Celebrity Skin is a brilliant, shimmering guitar-driven album that showcases everything from divine hallucinations induced by orgasms (&quot;Hit So Hard&quot;) to the posthumous gross commercialization of a  certain nineties icon's musical legacy (&quot;Playing Your Song&quot;) in a  style that is as serious as it is tongue-in-cheek.  Undoubtedly one of the  best musical works of the nineties (a list which includes their 1994  breakthrough, Live Through This), Celebrity Skin blends variety, musical  genius, lyrical fortitude, and unabashed irony.  Prelegend lead vocalist  Courtney Love isn't afraid to illuminate her songs with intense intimacy  and a self-proclaimed warped view of California crumbling into the sea,  while not so much as flinching about fans' frequent accusations of selling  out (which 9/10 times indicates an artist has made a great record).  The  real hero here, however, may be Eric Erlandson, the songwriter and man  behind the axe, who has an unsurpassed ability to create sickening-sweet  atmospheric riffs and (without any warning) rip into them in cutthroat,  perfect punk rock form.  Boasting no throwaways and a sonically perfect  soundscape, the sometimes underrated Celebrity Skin is a destined classic  and a must-have for all serious guitar rockers, whether you like Love's  provocative persona or not...
B000044U4B|5.0|Capture the band exactly while they're forming themselves musically and textually! A great album that still sends shivers down my spine. Metallica is one of the groups that can evolve and theyve always been doing so -  this album was as radical a departure (or shift in course) as they've  managed to pull off every time they issue a new one. Old timers like myself  would love to hear a follow up to what I consider to be their top (Master  Of Puppets &amp; And Justice For All) but this is the way it is. They'd  probably go insane from doing the same thing endlessly in the studio as  many seem to feel disappointed about them not doing. This is definitely  worth the money.
B00003BDXG|5.0|THIS IS REALLY GOOD MOVIE PROBABLY BECAUSE IT COMBINES QUENTEEN TARANTINO'S TALENT OF MAKING UP CUTE DIALOGS AND PLOT AND OLIVER STONE'S TALENT OF EXCELLENT DIRECTORING. THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE DVDS AND I  HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE (ALTHOUGH THIS MOVIE MIGHT BE INAPPROPRIATE  FOR WEAK-MINDED PERSONS - TOO MUCH GRAPHIC VIOLENCE - BUT THAT'S JUST THE  EREALITY OF OUR TIME) DVD HAS SOME GREAT EXTRAS : MY FAVORITE IS DELETED  SCENES WITH COMMENTARY OF OLIVER STONE OF WHY HE DECIDED TO CUT THEM OUT OF  THE FILM. THE FEATURETTE IS ALSO DESERVES THE SPECIAL ATTENTION - SO DO NOT  HESITATE AND BUY IT . YOU WON'T REGRET
B00000IAU3|5.0|FOR ANYONE WITH A GREAT LOVE OF AMERICAN ALTERNATIVE COMBINED WITH AN APPRECIATION OLD CELTIC TRADITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS, THIS CD WILL BE A UNIQUE ADDITION TO YOUR COLLECTION. IT BLENDS  CELTIC STRING/MELODIES  W/CONTEMPORARY LYRICS TO CREATE AN EXTRAORDINARY BLEND OF PURE INNOCENCE  MIXED WITH PURE EXTACY TO INFUSE A PERFECT SENSE OF WELL BEING! PLEASE  ALLOW YOURSELF INDULDGE!  YOU DESERVE IT!
6305718954|4.0|overall this movie is superb, the acting is excellent. the story provocative. it is there to make us really think about what we believe. the effects are not amazing but they do suit the movie and cover all that is  required. i highly recommend this movie watch it and make your mind up. i  would have given it 5 stars but there are a couple of story things that  could have been better.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Once again, the band Creed renders their music with almost infectious soul, passion, and verve.  Stapp's vocals are full of feeling and emotion; Tremonti is great with his guitar.  It is interesting how tracks 3 thru 6  relate in a tonal way like a medley---it recalls the tradition of rock  musicals.  The exotic overtones (Middle Eastern?) from the guitar music  underlie this seemingly effortless unity.  What an alluring and powerful  musical concoction they have produced!
B000002UA9|5.0|It's the debut album, featuring some cover songs with original ones from the burgeoning group, and the beginning of Beatlemania which would soon sweep the globe.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is too good to be true there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
1559408898|5.0|A couple of words on this DVD edition.<br />Though this is the &quot;director's cut&quot; of the film, I find the theatrical version superior.  The excised material is extremely violent, but that's not why  they don't work as well -- after all, ultraviolence is a motif in this  film.  The extra two, three shots of &quot;Mr. Kinney' being shot even  after he's sprawled on the table are actually funny (if excessively gory),  but the Murphy death scene is actually hurt by the extra material.  The  original scene was already highly arresting; the extra shots of Murphy  screaming, his arm being blown off, and the loving close-up on the hand  actually took some of the momentum from the sequence (while upping the  sadistic factor).  The worst part, though, is that the extra shots of  Murphy's shooting pointed out the poor sound editing in the sequence:   During the reaction shots on Emil, Clarence and Joe, you don't hear  Murphy's moans, making the shots on Murphy and the shots on the crooks seem  like they're in two different worlds.  And the virtuoso 180-degree dolly on  Murphy before Clarence shoots him in the head?  That slowed down the pace  and didn't offer much that was new.<br />Other than that (thankfully the  &quot;restored footage&quot; only applied to two scenes), this DVD edition  is great -- with Criterion's usual care for production history, commentary  tracks (Verhoeven and Neumeier sound awfully interesting, pointing out the  potential &quot;silliness&quot; of the script in its development stages),  and extra options, you can't lose.  I *did* experience two glitches when I  got this DVD, but hopefully those weren't across-the-board defects that  occur on every copy.
6305718954|1.0|It took 10 minutes of this movie to make me bored. What a story! Ok, so this COULD be an exciting plot, but what a bad way to let us all down. The all to usual love story that just couldn`t happen to be let out of it. The  almost pathetic way of realizing the characters. In every aspect, I was so  terribly let down. Let`s just forget all about this masterpiece of terrible  directing. It is not to be bought at any cost, and I mean that!( They could  have put Eddie Murphy in there, and it wouldn`t have mattered even in the  slightest!)
B00004LN16|5.0|Well its been alwhile but AC/DC is back and nothing's changed. Stiff Upper Lip is full of what made AC/DC one of the greatest bands of all time. This CD really gets back too the AC/DC of old. With songs like I feel safe in  new york city and the title song. If you like AC/DC then this is for you.  Lets just hope they keep on rocking.
1573226521|5.0|After hearing mixed reviews about the movie, I finally decided to go and see it for myself.<br />Although widely criticised for not being racially/nationally accurate, and for being superficial in plot and  character, I think that many people are missing the point that Alex Garland  is trying to convey.  Richard himself discovers that what at first may  appear to be Paradise, in fact turns out to be the opposite.  Paradise only  exists in ones imagination... and this is what Richard gradually learns.   He travels right across the globe in search of new life and adventure, but  only ends up in the same situation as his current life, albeit on a new  island.
0679720200|3.0|The alarm clock is going off, its six in the morning.  Im trying to think of  a good reason to lift my head from this pillow.  Is there some reason I need to get up.  I know there is a reason.  I know that even if in  the final out come my live is not valuable to anyone but myself, then it  was valuable.  My life is valuable to me.  I enjoy life.  This is something  that took Meursault, the main character in Albert Camuss The Stranger, a  lifetime to understand. Meursault was a simple man.  A man of few words  and few emotions.  He lived off his senses.  He cared for no one, because  to him no one was worth caring for.  Life to him was meaningless.  Life was  not precious to him.   Meursault as a character went through many  changes throughout the novel.  He started as an insensitive person.  One  whom didnt even cry at his own mothers funeral.  He was indifferent to  the world.  Then he was faced with the prospect of his own death, he  finally understood why life was worth living. He realized that one day of  memories can be enough to make a man dream for a lifetime.  Meursault  realized there is nothing after death.  The life you lead is the only time  you have.  It is given to you and you make the best of it.  Not because you  have to but because you want to.  You should do it because it makes you  want to wake up and start another adventurous day.  The Stranger is a  novel that makes you think about your life.  It makes you want to reexamine  each day you live, to make sure you are living them to their fullest.  That  is how I want to live my life.  I want to find out what the world can offer  me.  I want to know what is out there.  I want to explore life. Is that how  you want to live yours?
8186336044|5.0|As an Integral yoga tutor, I would recommend this book as perfect for teaching and learning. It describes class progression in a very simple way, developing sequences and postures as the book progresses into the advanced sections.<br />It is also a very popular book amongst the students of my  beginners and improvers classes - they can directly refer to sections aimed  at their ability.  <br />I was very lucky to be given this book as a gift by a  friend and would recommend it as an excellent book to introduce and cover  the subject of Yoga.
B000002H6C|3.0|When people claim this album is Metallica's finest work, the only thing that i can think is that they missed the works by the band from 1981 to 1987... Although an excellent album by any other thrash bands standards,  Justice did not live up to the previouse masterpiece Master of Puppets.  In  addition to the over run drums and distant, sometimes impossible to hear  bass lines, Justice strays from the classical influences that Cliff Burton  obviously had brought to the band.  Some of the better songs on the album  are actually not the ones overplayed on the radio such as To live is to die  andThe shortest straw.  In my opinion, although much better than succesive  Metallica works, this album was an improvement on the last three and shows  the start of the downfall of metallica
6304458304|5.0|In the Line of Fire is one of my favorite movies of all time, and I see a lot of movies. Great story, great action, great direction, etc. Eastwood, Russo and Malkovich are in top form. The cat and mouse game, Eastwood's  backstory and the chemistry between himself, Russo and Malkovich make this  a keeper. I especially love the theme of failure and redemption. Favorite  scenes: Eastwood explaining Dallas, Eastwood &amp; Russo eating Ice cream  at the Lincoln Memeorial, the heart attack joke and Eastwood &amp; Russo  preparing for sex by dropping a ton of weapons and equipment.
0898705525|1.0|Insofar as entertainment value, Chesterton should be praised for his gift of prose; he would make a great talk show host! But other than simple amusement at his turns of phrase, there is little that is intellectually  bearable in this book. His logic is like a sieve full of self-defeating  holes. Appalled and exasperated, I could not bring myself to read past the  first half of the book. An agnostic, maybe I shouldn't have hoped to be  impressed by what was clearly meant ONLY for people of strong Christian  faith. However, I do have respect for Chesterton's passion for his faith. I  can now begin to understand what having a romance with one's faith means.  This is a valiant attempt to be persuasive in an area where religious faith  has no business in, is inescapably incompatible with, and hence should stay  clear of--the logical, intellectual realm. No matter how much passion  Chesterton has or how formidable his strength of conviction is, he cannot  perform miracles in a fact-bound world; blind religious faith simply cannot  be reconciled with factual scientific logic. His only excuse is that he  existed in a time when science was not as advanced as it is today.
6305657947|4.0|It's a good movie. A nice waste of 2 hours. Nothing more. In other words,it isn't earthshaking, it isn't the greatest actioner or romance or comedy or whatever, but it is well done and it entertains. It is a nice  piece of candy, sweet but not filling nor is it meant to be.
0792836634|4.0|A serial killer has mysterious disappeared from the cops and found tumbled into a toy store after being shot by one of the policeman.  He must find something to transfer his soul into another form of a body that will keep  him alive until he can a living host.  So he finds one of the childrens  most favorite dolls known as the Good Guy dolls.  He tranfers his soul into  the doll and find a person to retransfer it into a human.  If you ask me,  I'd say this movie had suprisingly good special effects in the movie.   Especially on the Chucky doll.  Brad Douif does a great job on the voice of  Chucky as he goes killing people without anyone knowing who he really is,  except for the fact that he is a walking, talking, stalking, doll.  The  trouble starts as a little boy's dream was to get a Good Guy doll for  Christmas and so the mother starts to panic, that she can't find one.  But  a strange man as just apparently had a Good Guy doll for sale.  When the  little boy gets the doll for Christmas...and well, you should know what  happens from then on! Chucky's back, Jack!
B00003CXDV|5.0|Basically for almost everyone ( exception: small kids who might be frightened by some of the aliens ). A great flick and a nice surprise. I normally HATE Tim Allen movies but this is a true gem. Sigourney Weaver is  great. Heck everyone is great especially Allan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub and  the red shirt guy.
B000000OQY|5.0|This is a great album, often overlooked by many people.  It has a great ballad in &quot;Patience&quot;  as well as many other strong tracts such as &quot;Reckless Life&quot; and &quot;Move to the City&quot;.  I great buy!
B000020617|5.0|This CD is great.  It is the best alternative CD I have EVER heard.  I listen to all of the songs except for &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;.  The best song on the CD is &quot;Breakout&quot;.  If you are looking for an  adrenalin pumping headbanging CD, this isn't it though.  Most of the songs  are about as hard as &quot;Learn To Fly&quot;.  If you are a drummer, this  is a must buy.  Taylor Hawkins is awesome, the drums are the best I have  heard in a long time.
0446605409|4.0|This is the first DeMille book I have read and I loved it.  I have subsequently read &quot;The Gold Coast&quot; and &quot;The Charm School&quot; both of which I enjoyed but not as much as I enjoyed reading  Plum Island.<br />First of all, the setting.  DeMille describes a charming  east Long Island that I never paid much attention to (I travel through  Orient Point a half a dozen times a year). We receive an interesting  portrayal of the quaint villages, the local flavor, and the snotty wine  growers.   DeMille also gives the reader a dose of the history of the area  describing the early times when pirate landed on its shores.  Then there is  Plum Island itself which I will gaze at more closely now each time I pass  it on the ferry.<br />The characters are well developed. John Corey, the lead  character, is this off-duty detective who gets caught up in this mystery.   He's brash, sometimes rude, prefers a good beer to a vintage glass of wine  and is very likeable.   The other characters, including the minor ones, are  defined enough to feel like you know them.<br />The plot.  I won't give  anything away. ..just a good mystery that leads you down a few different  directions.
0061020710|5.0|When I read this book for the first time in 1991 (or thereabouts) I was amazed by the combination of novel humor, fine wit, and the weird story. Together with its sequel, The Color of Magic can be seen as the book that  shaped Discworld (although some characters, notably Death, have changed  their appearance greatly). It also introduces Rincewind, already one of  literature's classic figures. I always advise readers new to the works of  Pratchett to start with this book, and to read the others in chronological  order. Highly recommended to read and reread.
6304140711|4.0|I thought this movie was a great suspense thrille
B00003CWPQ|2.0|First: No one admires Kubrick's good films more than I do. Until this, he never made a bad one (though I don't know if &quot;bad&quot; can be applied to something as freakishly entertaining as &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;).  Three or four of his movies are among my all-time favorites; and I was very  saddened by his death. But I think we ought to review the movie, not the  man. It's an insult to any great director for us to celebrate his films  uncritically, just because of his heroic stature in the medium, or for  reasons of sentiment. A private person like Kubrick, especially, would be  disgusted by this. The thirty or so takes he shot for every set-up in  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; are all the evidence we need that he would wish  his last work to be judged solely on its own merits.     Let's dispense  with the argument, often given below, that those who don't love this film  simply &quot;don't understand it&quot;. That's a lazy dodge. None of these  reviewers explain what it is the rest of us aren't getting; they resort to  vague terms like &quot;dream-like&quot; and &quot;intense.&quot; For them,  the &quot;brilliance&quot; of this movie lies in its atmosphere, or in some  other ethereal quality that exists--or doesn't--beyond the realm of verbal  expression or refutation. And so it should be kept out of these  discussions. Judging this film's &quot;atmosphere&quot; is especially  difficult for me, since I laughed helplessly through every scene both times  I saw it.      Yet apparently this film speaks to some people on a special,  semi-rational level, so that they feel a wild need to defend it. (Witness  the suspiciously high &quot;unhelpful&quot; ratings under the other  negative reviews, presumably the result of a couple of activists hitting  the &quot;no&quot; button a hundred times). But it's probable that if some  anonymous, first-time director had made this mess, it would have meant  nothing to anyone, and perhaps would never even have been released. Looking  hard at it, you can sort of see the chalk-lines of the masterpiece Kubrick  thought he was making. It wouldn't take a lot of self-delusion to simply  ignore the cat-calls from the rest of the audience, and pronounce it a  success. I wanted Kubrick's last film to be great, too. I rushed out to see  it at the very first show in Columbia. And I could not believe my eyes. Or  ears.     Nothing in this film works. The funereal pace, the generic yet  ponderous dialogue, the portentous piano score cueing up non-surprises, the  threnodial orgy set to a dirge, with masked porn-stars who talk like Star  Trek priestesses: all of it is hilariously pompous, and completely  misfired. And none of it leads anywhere. What can you say about a movie  whose plot-twists lag a full hour behind the I.Q. of the dimmest viewer?  That it's insulting? Hopelessly out of touch? The thuddingly obvious  exposition at the end is maybe the worst (and most superfluous) of its kind  ever filmed. It extinguishes whatever magic or eeriness was left. And you  can't believe Tom is so stupid not to have figured these things out on his  own. But then--as usual--Tom's lifeless mask (that is, his face, not that  rhinestone thing) gives no clue of what, if anything, he is thinking. And  the other actors do not compensate.     Kubrick's theme, that dream and  desire possess a lethal power different, but no less consequential, than  that of real actions in the everyday, was far better illustrated by the  rich dreams he shared with us in the past.
6305718954|4.0|O.K., so in the past year or so I have found that I don't enjoy the movies that get &quot;Thumbs up&quot;. If I want to see &quot;real life&quot;, I'll look out the window. When I pay to see a movie I want to be  entertained. So I was expecting to like this movie (since critics didn't).  But what I saw was a movie that was extremely well acted by ALL involved, a  movie that was beautifully photographed (with some amazing shots  throughout)and a truly brave story line that was sure to alienate a HUGE  market share.<br />I can't possibly imagine what the critics did not like  about this well paced, well acted thriller.<br />At the least it is the most  underrated movie of the year.<br />One note...Inside the booklet that comes in  the DVD case, there is a letter from the Director. It explains that the DVD  comes with an alternate ending, and to please watch the entire movie WITH  the alternate ending (as opposed to watching the alternate ending as a  seperate scene after viewing the theatrical version). And sure enough, when  you click &quot;play movie&quot; from the main menu, you must make a  choice. Go with the directors cut. I viewed the theatrical ending after I  watched the directors cut, and the film lost it's impact.<br />The transfer to  DVD is excellent, and the sound is fine. There is nothing muddy or muddled  about this movie. And although the subject of stigmata has been handled  before,I guarantee that you have never seen it handled like this. I was  thoroughly entertained from start to finish by this fine movie. If you are  on the fence about buying stigmata, go for it. It's the best thriller I  have seen in a while.
0140288503|5.0|&quot;Riveting&quot; does not even begin to describe this book's ability to grab you and not let go.  I lost two nights' sleep thanks to Bowden's non-fictional account of what must have been the worst military fiasco,  fubar or snafu since &quot;Desert One&quot; during the Carter  administration.  You've seen the body dragged along the streets; now read  about the situation that led to it.
0441172717|5.0|&quot;Dune&quot; will equally satisfy the fans of science fiction and fantasy - the book is as great as the movie version was atrocious.  Along with &quot;Ender's Game&quot; and &quot;Space Odyssey 2001&quot;, I rate  &quot;Dune&quot; as one of the three greatest science fiction ever.
B00003CXDV|5.0|For sci-fi junkies this is a funny movie, for movie-lovers like myself who don't like Star Wars/Trek and others in the genre this movie is a hilarious look at the ridiculous obsession over make-up and puppets.  I appreciate  all the jokes and non-stop laughs.  Living in a family with a couple of  &quot;Trekkies&quot; the shows and movies they choose get old but Galaxy  Quest is fun to enjoy with them or without.  Even the die-hard fans of  space films enjoyed the nonstop fun.  If anyone is in the mood for comedy  or need a realistic view at the serious fanatics portrayed in scifi, Galaxy  Quest and the brilliant cast do a great service to the entertainment  business.  This is what movies are about, paying to be pleased and this is  more than a bargain for the quality of the antics and laughs!
B000002G26|5.0|Though I always cherish his &quot;18 til I die' album better than this collection , there's something you defintely couldn't afford to miss in this album . It's the songs of his early years . BA takes you in a roller  coaster with hard rock songs like &quot;Summer of '69&quot; , &quot;can't  stop this thing we started &quot; , &quot;Run to you &quot; , there's also  the soft-rock side with &quot;Straight from the heart&quot; ,  &quot;Everyting I do ...&quot; and ever lovely &quot;Please forgive me  &quot; . And the track with Tina turner &quot;It's only love&quot; is  simply irresistable .     Not bcause i'm a die-hard fan of BA , but because  of the quality of music , this album is a MUST have in your collection .
6304711891|4.0|Alcatraz , The Rock it housed some of the most incredible criminals and notorious for it's virtually impossible escape.Now it is housing the most leathel substance the world has ever known.<br />   A declorated General seeks  vindication from  misfair treatment of soldiers during the gulf war. His  answer to that VX gas missles ready on standby to hit New York city.The one  man that can stop this all a former mastermind criminal played by british  powerhouse {Sean Connery} who knows how to break in The Rock.A chemical  expert played by (Nicholas Cage} will accompany him to destroy the rockets  and reclaim the island.<br />     This DVD gives you a breathtaking sound  experience as it will test every limit on any system of Dolby Digital you  buy.The bass is incredible and the movie is explosive so when  you buy this  dvd get rady to ROCK!.<br />               By:Ross
0679720200|4.0|The title of the novel The Stranger by Albert Camus describes Meursault relationship to society. He acts in a human situation as though human relationships, and therefore responsibilities, do not exist.  He is a  stranger to society, because he refuses to make any concessions whatsoever  to its codes and rituals.  He sees no relation at all between his mother's  death and seeing a comic film tow days later, and establishes none.  And,  seeing it through his eyes, we are almost in complete agreement.  He is the  man who refuses to lie.  Camus uses this piece of writing to satire  society in regards to our complacency and to ridicule our smugness.  It is  not, however the satire of a society and the miscarriage of justice that  give the tale its fundamental significance.  With the shooting of the Arab,  Meursault tells us &quot;everything began&quot;.  The revolver shot jolts  Meursault out of his negative state.  After his imprisonment, Meursault  discovers three inexhaustible but completely closed subjective worlds: the  world of memory; the world of sleep; and the world of human solitude.  To  him in prison his face is now that is a stranger, an exile.  The final  revelation comes with the chaplain.  Here he is jolted out of his apathy  and into a state of rage.  He realizes that this crime and revelation are  as one.  He destroyed and is destroyed.  There is no excuse, explanation or  compensation.  Meursault becomes a sacrificial victim, his end is  apotheosis.  The stranger has found his kingdom on a prison bed.  Every  moment of the life of a human being who by inexplicable decree of fate is  destined to death.  Meursault disappears with this revelation.  It is  clear that Meursault initial mental attitude proves inadequate to cope with  even the simplest of lives.  The very existence of the absurd in his case  is that out of indifference he linked to forces of violence and death, not  with love and life.  He fails to ask any questions and thereby errs.
B000001E7T|5.0|&quot;To Bring You My Love&quot;, P.J. Harvey's third album, is one of the best albums that most people haven't had grace their ears. The best description I can come up with is this: &quot;TBYML&quot; is like heroin  for your eardrums. And I'm talking the best heroin, EVER. If you haven't  heard this album, I pity you.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the best CD the Red Hot Chili Peppers have ever realesed.  I think the best song on the CD is Scar Tissue. Ever since I heard it on the radio, It has been my favorit.  If you are a Red Hot Chili Pepper fan, you have to  buy this CD!
B00003CX7K|5.0|I saw ToyStory 2 just two days ago. I went with two mates who had seen it before and my expctations were really high because I loved the first one and I've heard this one surpassed it's predecessor in every way. And I have to say, It does. This movie is absolutely brilliant! I hadn't laughed so  hard since the first time I discovered Jim Carrey in his brilliant  debut-film Ace Venture (you like this guy or not, there's simply nothin'  inbetween). The tributes to historical moviedefining moments like the T-Rex  chase from JP  and Darth telling Luke the horrible truth.  Hillarious. The animation and detail is jawdropping,  the jokes are, as  said hillarious and the characters are all, even the new ones (Weezy is  brilliant), worked out and defined with great love and knowledge by the  people who created this masterpiece. Voice talents are chosen with huge  care: Allen and Hanks heve rarely been better and newcomers as JP's Dennis  Nedry, who does the voice of Bad Toynapper Al, prove they got what it takes  to do a Disney! But then the piece the resistance, the script that, let's  face it was hard to improve the original's because of it's well, eh,  originality, works in every way: It's witty, it's clever and it's hard to  see through emediately. The opening and Finale of this movie are  spectacular. It's Funny, touching and an absolutely, possitively prove that  Disney and Pixar are still at the top of the craftmanship that it takes to  make instant classics like this one. And there are no Antz or princes of  Egypt that can do a thing about it! Sorry David, Steven and Jeffrey. The  masters are back. Totally brilliant!
B000000QFV|2.0|To begin, allow me to introduce myself.  I am actually ChainedSpirit@hotmail.com in disguise (some of you may know of me), but I forgot my login password and the only way I can change it is to call an  Amazon.com sales representative(!), and I really don't have the time for  it.  Anyway, I'm stuck in the world of --Alucard@mercyfulfate.zzn.com-- for  quite a while now, so maybe I can slip my new identity by the  review-readers and stack the review listings.<br />1.  &quot;Anno Mundi&quot;  is without a doubt the best song on the album.  It has a rhythm I have  never heard before, and the lyrics fit well with the music.  Tony Martin  just didn't hit the good high notes on the rest of the album,  though...<br />2.  &quot;The Lawmaker&quot; was a waste of recording time.   Just because a song is fast doesn't mean its bad lyrics can be  forgiven.<br />3.  &quot;Jerusalem&quot; picks up the slack, and is the  second-best song on &quot;Tyr.&quot;  It is for &quot;Anno Mundi&quot; and  &quot;Jerusalem&quot; alone that &quot;Tyr&quot; is worth the price.<br />4.   &quot;The Sabbath Stones,&quot; &quot;The Battle of Tyr,&quot; &quot;Odin's  Court,&quot; and &quot;Valhalla&quot; all fall into that  lets-do-a-bad-parody-of-the-Odyssey category.  My God, but how could four  (theoretically?) talented guys like Black Sabbath (the greatest band ever)  dream up this utterly mediocre performance?  It would be better if the  songs were actually horrible instead of so middle-of-the-road you can't see  the center lines.<br />5.  &quot;Feels Good to Me&quot; is your ballad for  this Sabbath album.  It certainly isn't bad, and I would rate it third  behind &quot;Anno Mundi&quot; and &quot;Jerusalem.&quot;<br />6.  Finally,  &quot;Heaven in Black&quot; is one, perhaps two, steps above &quot;The  Lawmaker.&quot;  Strange but true, until then I had never heard of a song  about being stricken blind or about a czar (Sabbath's &quot;Sabotage&quot;  had a cheesy rendition of &quot;Supertsar&quot;--no lyrics at all).<br />There  you have it.  The only three songs really worth listening to are &quot;Anno  Mundi,&quot; &quot;Jerusalem,&quot; and &quot;Feels Good to Me.&quot;  You  might be wondering why I'm reviewing this album again and giving it 2 stars  instead of 4.  The truth is, I reviewed &quot;Tyr&quot; less than a week  after I bought it.  Never, ever, EVER do that.
B000002549|2.0|She sounds so beautiful at times on these songs, you don't notice at first that she doesn't seem to know exactly how to properly interpret them.  She seems afraid or in awe, and it sounds like she sang them in pieces.  Plus,  she affects exactly the same tone for every song.  I couldn't help but wish  that, at the time, she could just have gotten over herself and called  someone like Leonard Bernstein and allowed him to guide her. If she had  been able to do that, this album could have been great.  As it is, I label  it a curiosity.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I was thrilled when i saw the new enigma cd in stores.  I wasted no time in buying it.  Cretu has created another great cd with bits and pieces of previous albums added to a whole new sound.  The songs make you want to sit  back and relax just like to other albums from the enigma project.  The  songs bring you too a whole new world of peacefulness and passion.  Its an  excellent cd.
B000000W6F|5.0|By far, Gish is the best album from the Pumpkins. This album, like Siamese, was produced by Butch Vig (for all you Garbage listeners) and truly shows his skill in this one.  Songs like &quot;window paine&quot;  give you an idea of what Billy Corgan's soul was like before sold to  rock-n-roll.  Corgan has the &quot;God&quot; complex in all his albums, but  this one gives you an idea what he thought before superstardom in &quot;i  am one&quot;.  This album (to me) defines the early 90's alternative nation  station, as much as the another hugely successful album produced by Butch  Vig:  Nevermind.  Unfortunately, Gish never took off like the rocketship  Siamese.  To get a glimpse of Corgan and Associates before his rock rise to  fame, listen to Gish and decide for yourself if these songs aren't just as  pivotal to the now sound of &quot;THE&quot; Smashing Pumpkins.
B0000024SI|5.0|Listening to anthologies or greatest hits of great artists never did them justice;after listening to this,this is what made me realize why Dylan is regarded as such.Great songs,undeniably interesting &amp; occasionally  great lyrics round up a consistent work of art that is truly one of THE   recordings in the rock pantheon.Lyricwise,this has proven to be a very  potent &amp; profound inspiration.Listen to &quot;Queen Jane  Approximately&quot;;the lyrics,the mood,the compelling quality of Dylan's  inconsistent voice,the music;truly,only the work of an honest &amp; pure  expression of incomparable unadulterated genius.
B00000J7J4|5.0|ROB THOMAS DID GREAT VOCAL JOB ON SMOOTH, HOWEVER ID BELIEVE THAT SANTANA'S TRUE ESSENCE WAS BEHIND THE WORDS AND MUSIC.  SANTANA IS A TRUE LEGEND AND HAS NEVER RECIEVED THE RESPECT AND CREDIT HE SHOULD FROM HIS  PEERS AND FINDS WORLD WIDE.
6305537798|5.0|10 Things I Hate About You is a funny and very romantic movie. Julia Stiles is one of my favorite actresses and she did a great job playing Kat. Joseph Gordon Levitt is very cute and he was a great choice for Cameron. My  favorite scene is the kiss in the car with Bianca and Cameron. I am  planning on buying this movie soon. The only bad thing about this movie was  Larisa Oleynik. She was too whiney. I also liked the scene where Kat and  Patrick kissed after their paint ball fight. 10 Things I Hate About You is  a great movie!
0393314804|4.0|Welsh had been honest in this book and his research and/or personal experience had allowed us a 'wee' glimpse into the daily lives of the not-so-well educated and low-income strata of the Scottish society, which  is quite akin to many others in several aspects, of course.     I have read  this book (together with all other Welsh's novels before 1997) prior to my  studies in Scotland. Having been in Edinburgh for almost three years now, I  can empathise and identify with the characters, language and culture as  depicted in this Scottish-accented book.<br />However, one may worry that the  contents of Welsh's books (as with other Scottish fictions) will have an  adverse effect on the integrity of societies and their development;  particularly so for the developed cities of Scotland, as impressionable  adolescents (and adults alike) will be able to identify with (if they are  honest) the many 'undesirable elements' that saturates the book and may  deem the many affiliated aspects of their social lives to be normal with  the added touch of cool glory. Of course, this applies to other societies  as well.<br />A book is never just a book and a disease can be gloried to an  epidermal galore.<br />A noted Scottish reviewer once said in early 1999:  &quot;Yes we do want the world to have a modern image of us people and our  cultural heritage of Scotland. We are more than kilts, whisky and  &quot;Braveheart&quot;....However, do we want that image to be associated  with Welsh's literature?&quot;<br />Overall, this is a well-told story  creatively written.
B000021Y77|5.0|What can't one say about this it is truly brilliant.Visually stunning the dialogue was witty yet still thought provocking and the movie was paced perfectly.I recomend this to all ages
0780020685|5.0|This movie is a piece of art and the DVD version justified its substance by providing the audience with quality (remastered) resolution and a comprehensive commentary on key scenes, which helps one to understand the  background of the venue and era that the film was set upon.<br />The storey  tells of a farming village, being mercilessly haunted by bandits time and  again, trying to seek external help from Samurais; entities that were being  regarded to be more superior in class then the farmers in feudal Japan.  Eventually, seven warriors agreed to assist the villagers' scouts out of  mainly humanitarian reasons and sympathy. The distrust among the villagers  of external parties and their primitive survival instincts which basis  societies can reconcile with today were skilfully crafted by  Kurosawa.<br />This epic reveals basic humanity and its struggle for survival,  the paths that one could resort to in trying times of desperation, poverty  and need. It also highlights another (quite) subtle message of the various  insecurities instilled into organisations through the various side-effects  of their cultural background (enforced by the aforesaid elements); the  cautionary attitude toward foreigners and mentalities alike, and  ultimately, the isolation into one's own world with a repugnance of its  external affairs...regardless of affiliations.<br />Not to be missed!
6300248569|4.0|For comparison's sake with the A&amp;E set, the BBC 2-tape set is heavily edited from the original 6 tape version (which I used to have, but then I lent, it's a sad story). I've loved the BBC production since I first saw it  in '85. Elizabeth Garvie is such a beautiful and sparkling Lizzie, and I  love Jane - much truer to the character, Mr. Wickham, and the Bennett  parents in this version (Mrs. Bennett is more real - not quite so over the  top).  I do admit that Colin Firth is the superior Mr. Darcy in the A&amp;E  set. David Rintoul acts like Al Gore without the humor.  There are still  some sublime moments with the BBC version - mostly Lizzie's reactions -  with Garvie's fine eyes expressing so much.  The truncated 2-tape BBC set  cuts some of the lingering moments between characters - those transition  shots and comments, and even whole scenes that add to the richness of the  production.  It even feels sped up and cheap now. It's still good - but not  as great as it was. How do I know this for sure?  I found tapes 3 and 4  that I made from the original series on PBS - each one about 50 minutes  long, and am doing a comparison with the current BBC tape edition. Feeling  a little obsessed perhaps, but I'm mad about finding something I loved  now  appearing as P&amp;P Lite! Since we're comparing a cut production to a full  version, it's really difficult to say which is &quot;better&quot; and a  more satisfying film of a favorite book. How do we get BBC to release the  full tape set of this, and for that matter, the Jane Eyre production with  Timothy Dalton?  Also a classic, also heavily edited in the current tape  set.  Anyone got the old 6-tape set of P&amp;P for sale?
B00004LN16|5.0|This album starts out strong and &quot;Boom!&quot; it's over before you know-it.The rhythm and power-chords melt very closely to &quot;Back In Black.&quot;You have your classic-AC/DC &quot;swinging&quot; songs;  &quot;Hold Me Back&quot;,&quot;Can't Stand Still&quot; the title track, a  speed-burner that starts heavy and builds-pace like a runaway freighttrain  between your eyes(&quot;Safe In New York  City&quot;)&quot;Groove-tunes:&quot;MeltDown, House of Jazz&quot;, and some  &quot;fun-gloom&quot; on &quot;DAMNED&quot;. About 4-songs are slow, and  HEAVY blues-guitar based;Pounding with that timeless rhythm and Angus  throwin'-in some &quot;lightning-bolt-riffs.&quot; You have basic  Pump-you-up-anthems like &quot;Give It Up&quot; and &quot;Come and Get  It&quot;(complete with the return of Malcolm Young's &quot;Dirty  Deeds&quot; 'evil-troll' growl in &quot;Come and Get It.&quot;) If you have  ever liked AC/DC get this, If you sort of like AC/DC, get this, and if you  don't like them LISTEN TO THIS! There best since &quot;Back In Black.&quot;  So, if you are TIRED of this &quot;whiny-rhythmless-'rock' bands, THIS IS  THE CURE.POWER AND RHYTHM:PERFECTLY-MESHED TOGETHER.
0195067142|5.0|This book should be read by every american who has lived during and after WWII. After reading E.B. Sleges account of combat, I now realize it is a crime that there is no national WWII memorial to thank veterans for their  sacrifice.This is the most honest and easy to understand personal account  of combat I have ever read.I feel that I will never again read a  &quot;war&quot; book that can move me as much as this one.If you have read  this book and another that has moved you like &quot;With the old  breed,&quot; Please, send me the title at mackwb@aol.com.
0375707972|3.0|It is difficult to write a synopsis of The Reader. The intellectual interpretation is that it is a very good story of a relationship gone sour with lack of closure. The emotional interpretation is that the book is  filled with anger and resentment. We meet the narrator as a fifteen year  old boy.  Although he is a grown man now telling this story, his character  remains static as he lacks compassion and refuses to understand the world  at levels below the surface--i.e. there is no introspection that allows him  to grow, understand, find piece. As children are narcissists interpreting  the world unto themselves--forever responsible for the actions of the  universe--so is the narrator. All of a sudden his lover abandons him. But,  as we learn she had a dynamic and perplex life of her own that motivates  her. The tragic flaw of the story is the lack of communication.  The gift  of the story are the questions it raises during the debate which is the  most moral decision: to support someone's autonomy and freedom or to  support their happiness? For any of you who have children, this is the  question that keeps us awake at night. This is the question that shadows  this novel.
6303921248|5.0|WOW!  I first got hooked on this when I saw it on A &amp; E. LOVE that Colin Firth!  What a wonderful adaptation of Austen's book. I had read the book when I was younger and loved it. A &amp; E did a spectacular job  bringing it to the screen. Wonderful costumes, sets, scenery and of course,  casting! I watch it over and over, and never get tired of it! OUTSTANDING  !
B000031WD9|5.0|This was not an Oscar-winning movie, but it was sure funny.  If you're looking for a film with a strong moral fiber, this might not be what you're looking for.  But if you remember being a teenager, or have a teenage  sibling (like myself), you'll realize this movie hits the bull's eye.  If  you find reality offensive, or if you don't want to know what's going on in  your teenage child's life, you might not want to watch this film.  But it  is an extremely humorous way of depicting real life.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This little mini-album by God(aka Trent Reznor) packs a grenade that's guaranteed to explode after each listen. The singles are easily the best ones here, &quot;Wish&quot; and &quot;Happiness in Slavery&quot;, but this  E.P. is still worth owning as a whole. There is also some great lines in  here too, like &quot;Don't think you're having all the fun/You know me, I  hate everyone!&quot; off of &quot;Wish&quot; or the chorus from  &quot;Happiness in Slavery&quot; &quot;Don't open your eyes, you wont like  what you see/The devils of truth steal the souls of the free/Don't open  your eyes, take it from me/I have found you can find happiness in  slavery&quot;. The two hidden tracks are also great too,  &quot;Physical&quot; and &quot;Suck&quot;. One of the best E.P.'s out  there. And for a couple of bucks why not?
B000031WD9|5.0|For years we have endured movies that follow a recipe of non offense. American Pie decided to serve dessert instead of appetizers. Offering glimpses of more realistic high school hijinx. This story makes it easy to  put yourself into those embarrassing situations you may have been through  or had a friend go through. American Pie is without a doubt a hilarious  roast. As far as the difference between unrated and rated, unrated just  gives us a more front row view to a couple scenes. If you don't own it buy  the unrated version. If you already own the rated version, buying the  unrated version is not necessary. American Pie, either version, is a must  own DVD for any collection.
B00004OCRN|4.0|Recorded on an Amnesty International tour, Bruce and the E Street Band are in top form on this live 4-track mini disc (originally issued in CD 3-inch form) that brings out a few rarities.  Bob Zimmerman's &quot;Chimes&quot;  are deftly interpreted by the &quot;new Dylan,&quot; and the unexpected  appearance of &quot;Hungry Heart&quot; b-side &quot;Be True&quot; is worth  the purchase price alone.  Best though, is a haunting, extremely personal  acoustic version of &quot;Born to Run.&quot;  Only complaint is that the  incredible spoken intro was removed (but you can see it on the Springsteen  Video Anthology).  &quot;Tougher than the Rest&quot; rounds out the four  songs.
B00002ND77|5.0|This is as fine a screen biography of this great, misunderstood man, as you could expect in three and a half hours.  It's a great introduction to his life.  It would have been nice if there had been more info about his  work in the last year of his life, which I consider to be the most  important.  But you'd almost need a miniseries for that.  Actually, that's  not a bad idea for Spike or some other uncompomising filmmaker to tackle in  about 10 years.  In the meantime, it's hard to expect more than what was  delivered in `92.
B000002UAU|4.0|OK, bear with me. I'm 14 years old. I bought this on one of my Christmas binges along with the Harry Potter books. (haha, so sue me!) I was a bit wary at first- I mean, c'mon, this was the Beatles.. from my parents  generation! But then I popped the CD in and absolutely fell in love. <br />I  loved the intro, and &quot;I Get by..&quot; then nearly fell off my bed  when I heard the opening lyrics. I had no idea that this was where the  Wonder Years song had originated from. Naive teenage Americans, aye?<br />I  hated &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot; at first- until Old Johnny  Boy broke out into the chorus! Then I totally fell in love. &quot;Getting  Better&quot; also surprised me. I mentioned to my mother, &quot;Hey, isn't  that the song on that commercial?&quot; I adore it to this day, and my mom  still teases me about it.<br />The next few songs range from OK to completely  unbearable, until you hit &quot;When I'm 64.&quot; I thought this was the  most adorable song ever! Lovely Rita is so/so, as well as &quot;Good  Morning, Good Morning.&quot; <br />The reprise is awesome. And  then..<br />&quot;A Day in the Life.&quot;<br />I love this song. Honest to  goodness. When Paul first said, I want to turn you on.. It literally sent  chills down my spine. This song just rocks.<br />Well, thats my theory. While  most of the songs were just OK.. the songs that are honestly awesome, they  just make the entire CD seem perfect.<br />But I just can't stand &quot;She's  Leaving Home.&quot; It's atrocious.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first heard the amazing voice of Dido in the movie Sliding Doors.  Her song played during the credits and I was mesmerized by her song THANK YOU.  I purchased this cd last June and I love it!   She has this airy, smooth  and passionate quality to her voice.  It's strange to be flipping through  the tv and all of a sudden I hear some of Dido's songs...=)  My favorite  tracks on this cd are THANK YOU, MY LIFE, and HERE WITH ME.  In actuality,  I adore every song on this album.  She has various styles emminating  throughout the album.  PLEASE GET THIS CD!   If you love Sarah Mclachlan,  you will appreciate Dido.  I also recommend AMEL LARRIEUX's debut cd  entitled INFINITE POSSIBILITES and EXTRA VIRGIN by OLIVE.  I promise you  won't be disappointed!
B000002C1Z|4.0|Animals is a great album written by Pink Floyd.  No matter who you are, you can relate to this album, being that it is about the three types of humans in the world.  Not their best work, but better than MORE
0679720200|5.0|Even though this was mandatory reading for me, (which usually means I hate the book) I found it enjoyable, yet instructive.  Even though there were some boring parts (my friends say the whole thing was boring) I found that  once I got into it I couldn't put it down.  I think that I liked the book  so much because it was so easy to understand the diction of the  protagonist.  When I started to read The Stranger it seemed that his  diction was overly simplified but now I see that it just contributes to the  book.  It showed me that the protagonist really didn't have emotions, and  that he just lived the way he wanted to.  I also think that the message of  the book is a very important one, but we all need to find it for ourselves.   My favorite part was when he killed the man and you could tell that he  really didn't think it mattered if he killed him or not, the imagery in  that part just stuck with me.  This book also helped me to understand  existentialism because all I had read in the past was Catcher in the Rye  and Bartelby and I was confused at the author's point in both of those.   But this I felt was a lot clearer and helped me understand these other  novels better.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
B000002U82|5.0|12 years+ strait on the billboards!  That should be enough, but you cann't sum up this album with the 1000 word limit given on this page.  First of all, this was the album that put Pink Floyd on the list for the first time  for everyone to read.  The impact of this album on their career was like  the impact of Jesus to the apostles.  There are rumors that this album was  written to be played allong with the &quot;Wizard of Oz&quot;.  Not just  once through, but three and a half times over and not miss a beat.  If this  was the true meaning to the album, then it is the most remarkable work of  the melinium.  Just think as to how difficult it would be to write the  musical score for a 45 minute album to coinside EXACTLY with a two hour  movie.  I have done this, and it is trippy.  Besides this rumor, here is a  fact...I don't know anyone,..., anyone, who doesn't like this album.  This  has to be a CD in anyone's collection who enjoys music.  And if you are  reading this now, it is becuase you enjoy music.  You would buy a CD if you  didn't like music.  Buy it!
B000007WO6|5.0|this is the best that joe has ever done.i have all his cds and this on is the best.
B000002C1V|5.0|I'm listening to it now as I write, just by coincidence.  Roger Waters is the best lyricist of all time and this album proves it.  It is a sad and moving album about a WWII soldier who returns home who finds out it aint  what it used to be.  The musical composition is just beautiful with the  perfect bled of acustic guitar with the piano.  Just listen to &quot;Behind  Paranoid Eyes&quot; and not have your soul moved.  This has the most  beatiful lyrics mixed with even more beautiful music.  This is my favorite  album of all time.  In my own opinion, the only way to make an album better  is to take Led Zeppelin's &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; and throw  &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; on it.  But that never happened, therefore,  this is by far the best album of all time.
B00000IAU3|5.0|You're a racecar driver in the 23rd century.  Then suddenly a passenger in a lonely car, staring out a rain-streaked window at the gray world outside.  As you drive, as you're driven, melancholy thoughts twist slowly in your  mind.  Then you think about nothing at all; suspended in time, content to  sit and listen.  The violins swirl.  The drums stir your heart until it  skips a beat and aches in your chest.  The guitars wrap around your arms  and legs, gripping you in an embrace-- you fall into it entranced.  Crash!   Turn it up!  Drown me out!  Walking down a barren city street with a  mission.  The wind blows your hair and cloak-- you're cold but you don't  care.  Look up and keep your eyes on the wandering star; then close them  and stare at the blackness.  Muted, but mysteriously powerful.  Smooth,  melodic, hypnotic. Take me to a place with clean lines and no details.  An  empty space with enough room to hold all the music.<br />(I know this review  is a bit non-traditional.  Dido's music has the power to transport  listeners and I want to give readers an emotional sense of that.)
0679735909|1.0|I have found that this book tends to really draw responses at either end of the spectrum. People either hate it or love it. I hated it. Just as several other readers wrote, I could not get into the characters. It was  torturous trying to finish this huge book about people I could not connect  with. One other reviewer wrote that this book is for literary intellectual  types. Not true. I am what most people would call a literary intellectual  type, and I though this book was awful. But, I do know several people who  loved it, and if you are the type who finds the ivory tower of academia  romantic, then this book is for you. If you would rather read a book that  deals with real life, your time will be better spent reading any Alice  Munro short story.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|Jennifer Lopez's &quot;On the Six&quot; ranks high when it comes to a blend of different sounds... she incorporates bi-lingual lyrics into almost every song with a mix of rap, salsa and soulful ballads...I love them all  expecially &quot;Should've Never&quot;
B000005RFQ|4.0|Okay, all of the Dio-phyles can kill me, but for those of us who loved the power sludge Ozzy days, this album comes the closest to reliving that magic.  &quot;Zero The Hero&quot; is without a doubt the best non-Ozzy  Black Sabbath song, and a few others (&quot;Born Again&quot;,  &quot;Disturbing The Priest&quot;) are damn close.  It's the last album  that Bill, Geezer, and Tony all did together, and after this they fluxuated  from totally sucking to only being okay, so it has historical significance  too.  It isn't their best album, or even a completely solid album, but it's  good old fashion METAL, and that's something that we all need every once in  a while.  And if it sways you any, this was one of Kurt Cobain's favorite  albums as a teenager.  No joke.
B000002BBY|5.0|I just love Morning Glory because the songs are just so catchy.  I'm sorry to know that some are about drugs, but I think even Noel Gallagher knew then that partying too heartily can have negative outcomes. Anyway I love  Wonderwall, Don't Look Back in Anger, Champagne Supernova (always a  classic!), Cast No Shadow, Hello, She's Electric, and so on. I don't care  if it sounds like a 1960's compilation album with Beatles, Beach Boys,  Loving Spoonful, The Who, Jefferson Airplane, Boxtops, and so on mixed  together in a big ol' pool of music.  I've just thought it was one great  album from the first listen exactly 4 years ago in 1996.
034538072X|5.0|I've long been a fan of &quot;Tudor&quot; English hisory and thought that I knew a fair amount about it.  I didn't know nearly enough about it.  This book gave me an insight to the past lives of the characters that I wouldn't  have imagined possible.  Before I read this book I didn't know or care much  about Katherine of Aragon.  I also felt such pity for Anne Boelyn.  These  thoughts were the result of watching &quot;Anne of the Thousand Days&quot;  too many times.  After reading this book my sympathies have been reversed.   Katherine of Aragon was a saint, and Anne a she-devil. The other wives  marriages are portrayed with style and insight.  Also morbidly fascinating  are the descriptions peppered throughout the book of the various tortures  handed out to unloyal subjects in this very treacherous time. This is a  book any fan of the Tudor era in English history will savor and leave them  hungry for more.
0684872153|5.0|I was very impressd with this book.  I liked it so much I read it in six days.  I just couldn't put it down.  I am waiting to get a copy of &quot;Tis&quot; because I feel like I need to know what happened to with  the rest of McCourt's life.   My father lent me the book to read and  described it as depressing with a lot of dark Irish humor.  I found the  book very humorous and felt a common connection with McCourt.  His  experiences seem to be relative to all childhood experiences, just his are  in a more depressing context.  I felt the same way as he in many situations  of my own chldhood experiences, which were simlar to his, yet in a middle  class setting.   I have to say that every Irish-American should read this  book if not every American looking to laugh at life's depressing times,  from a young Irish man's prospective.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Some say 'Nevermind' by Nirvana is the king of the 90's hill, but my vote goes towards Radiohead's brilliant 1997 release OK Computer. Though nearly 3 years old, I'm still listening to it. The cd is just so amazing in it's  simplicity, and yet overwhelming with it's technicality. Every instrument  in the Radiohead arsenal is brought out and used to it's best extent,  whether it be the atmospheric strings on 'Climbing Up The Walls' or the  acousic crescendo of 'Exit Music [for a film].'  The album plays like an  epic, an examination of post modern society that isn't as 'post modern' as  we'd like to think. This album further continues the experiment they began  with 'The Bends.' Radiohead has progressively became the greatest band I  have ever heard. [This coming from a guy who used to say the same thing  about Beck.] Radiohead is now one of the most vital entities in music  today. And I'm already obsessively gathering info from the band's official  site about the next album.
B00003OSSL|1.0|My husband and I love Harrison Ford movies.  So we thought this one would be great too, because we also enjoy Kristen Scott Thomas.  This movie lasted about 2 hours and 15 minutes.  I think you could have watched the  first half hour of the movie and would have gotten as much out of it as  watching the whole thing.  I think the &quot;plot&quot; of this movie was  &quot;drug into the ground&quot; way too long.  I mean, I would be upset  too if my spouse was having an affair, but what can he do, she's gone.  You  can't get revenge on someone who is no longer there.  We were very  dissappointed with this movie, after waiting so long for it to come out at  the video stores.
B000021Y77|4.0|Two things make this a very good movie - well made and extremely well acted by Franka Potente (Lola). The music is fantastic, if you like electronica and techno you'll love it, and the action is fast. Franka makes  the movie work however, she completely sells you on the urgency of her  situation, she is great to watch. A bonus part of the DVD is a music video  with her in it - minus the red hair - it is worth watching. The DVD also  offers up different subtitle choices, stick with the German language  version and rely on the English subtitles, it's much better that way. One  last cool feature is commentary provided by the director, Tom Tykwer, and  Franka but it gets a little annoying after awhile - you really have to be a  detailed fan to really enjoy it (a interview with them would have been  cooler). If you haven't seen it already - rent it first, you'll probably  end up buying it if you like something a little different. Enjoy!
0440234743|3.0|The book itself was excellent, and has an interesting story line to work off of.  It was the usual good, exciting John Grisham read.  The ending was terrible!  It gave me the impression that Mr. Grisham has perhaps gotten  bored of the story and just wanted to finish it up as quickly as possible!   But, all in all, it was worth reading once--and ONLY once.
B000001ELD|5.0|This is one of the most underated albums of all time - underated by the very people who are supposed to be fans...Yes, the music is different from the same old KISS formula (with Rock, Comedy, R&B, Soul, Country and  Broadway all sharing space) and that's the way it should be...That's why  the guys did solo albums so they could do what they wanted without the  necessary confines of having to do another KISS album...You can tell those  detractors who are clueless - putting down When You Wish Upon a Star is the  dead give away -  because anything that is musically different they don't  understand and they must tear down. The irony of the Demon character  singing a Disney song, much less one that epitomizes the whole philosophy  of KISS, apparently is lost on them. This remaster sounds GREAT, the songs  are the most ECLECTIC and WELL SUNG of Simmons career, his influence by the  BEATLES has never been more evident, and so its a dirty shame that the  group's core audience was unsophisticated young teenagers who didn't know  good music even when KISS played it. Pearls before swine!
0679720200|3.0|In Albert Camus's book &quot;The Stranger&quot; there are tow parts, both very different.  In the first part of the book Meursault's life is explains, leading up to what happens in the second part. In the second  part, Meursault is discovering himself, so to say. I found the first part  of the book, although a bit bland, much more eventful than the second half  of the book. The begining of the book makes Meursault (the protagonist)  seem like a freak of nature, having no emotions. It develops him as a very  boring person, one who lives life for the day-not the past or future. As  soon as the book starts, with the line &quot;Maman died today. Or yesterday  maybe, I don't know,&quot; it is easy to tell that this will is a bland  book.  Most books start out boring because they are developing the plot.  Not this book, this book continues to be boring. The second part of the  book is the reason of the book. Although it is more boring, and much less  happens, it is the part where Meursault begins to show human qualities  (like feeling). This book shows the development of a man. Meursault went  from not feeling emotions, to opening himself &quot;to the gentle  indifference of the world.&quot;  All in all, this was a book with a great  lesson. Getting to that lesson was long and boring, but in the end it was a  useful lesson to learn.
B0000042MY|5.0|This Soundtrack Is one of the Best that I've heard out of all the soundtracks I have. The Movie Is absolutely great and so is the music. It's weird for the fact that I listen to Hard Rock/Metal genre but this music  Keeps me awake and calms the nerves. It is an Excellent Buy!
B000003S5H|5.0|This album is great to relax to. If you're stressed then this is 4 u. The first time i heard this album i felt like i had never been stressed in my life. Buy this now!
038532653X|3.0|I think that skellig is a reasnable book. I liked it but I do think that it was too overrated.<br /> It is about a boy called Michael who moves to a new house. In the garage of his new house he finds a strange &amp; mystical creature called Skelig. Micheal soon makes friends with a girl called Mina  and they look after Skellig. Michael's baby sister is ill and might die.  Could Skellig be linked with all this?.......<br />I think that the story  'evolves' well and the ending is not predictable but after what I had heard  I was expecting a bit more. It was good because it was myterious and  unpredictable.<br />If I saw any more books by David Almond then I would be  tempted to read them.
0440219078|4.0|The whole idea of The Giver is something you would never even consider thinking about in real life.  In a world with no emotions, or color, there isn't really much left in the word \\"life\\". A young boy lives with a family  that was chosen for him, and for each other. The community he lives in  decides who will get married, who will be a doctor, and even what a person  will do when they are too old to work. This book makes you realize that  life is supposed to be a roller coaster, and if it wasn't, life would be  pretty bland. I liked the idea the author had in mind when she wrote the  book-life is for love. The young boy gets a taste of what life really is,  outside of his community, and sees how much more he is missing. There is  love, but there is hate. And sometimes it's hard to deal with it when  you're all alone.
B00000JY1X|5.0|These songs make me want to go to a skeazy bar and hook up with someone who is really bad for me and take him home and drink too much and a whole lot more than that.  If you can listen to these songs without the blissful  ache of longing and glee they inspired in me ... then you and I cannot be  friends, I'm sorry.  I don't mean to be harsh.
B000002KET|4.0|This was the second or third Sabbath album I bought and with the exception of the first two tracks, I was really disappointed. Sure, at fifteen, I doubt that I had the maturity to receive this matured Sabbath effort but  even with that, the sound seemed all wrong to me for years afterward. The  title track, 'A National Acrobat' and 'Killing Yourself to Live' are the  closest they came to keeping in line with all that had gone before. It  really does take older ears to dig 'Sabbra Cadabra', 'A Spiral Architect'  and 'Looking for Today' as being rock-styled song constructions. As for  'Who Are You?' and 'Fluff', these revealed a schizophrenic Sabbath who had  gone far too far in playing around with all the new toys they'd discovered  since leaving us with the harder albums of before. The problem arises on  greatest hits packages (1976's 'We Sold Our Soul For Rock &amp; Roll' and  1977's 'Greatest Hits' both only feature one ambassador from this album -  'Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath'. Many reviewers and so-called 'fans' have  crucified 'Volume 4' as being the oddball baddie but, of the classic string  of six of Sab's true proto-metal albums (before they messed themselves up  with synth on 'Technical Ecstasy'), this is the weirdest for the worst.  Indeed, some of the songs do grow ('A Spiral Architect' and 'Sabbra  Cadabra' clicked in my aural taste  buds after five years of ownership'),  but about half of the album just seems dated and forgettable. I'd recommend  buying 'S.B.S' for 1/ the cover art; 2/ 3 more Sab rockers &amp; for 3/ to  complete that collection.
0393317552|5.0|from the author of DREAMING YOUR REAL SELF: A PERSONAL APPROACH TO DREAM INTERPRETATION; and DREAM BACK YOUR LIFE.<br />Diamond's overview of the many influences on the development of domestication of animals, agriculture, and  the dominance of societies is informative as well as very readable.  GUNS,  GERMS, AND STEEL exposed me to information and ideas that had never been  addressed at all in my traditional education.  Reading it with a world map  next to me, I enjoyed the discovery of continents and islands that I wished  to could see first hand.  Stimulated by this subject, I went on to read  books by Matt Ridley and Robert Wright.  I highly recommend Jared Diamond's  other books, too.  I don't think he is trying to be PC.  You can decide for  yourself.
B000002KB8|5.0|'Black Sabbath' is primitive in texture but that's what augments it so much. Of course, this was the first Sabbath album I bought and a good place to start it was, too. The whole first side (Tracks 1-6 on the CD) is  mindblowing. To hear the title track and 'The Wizard' is like taking a  stroll through dungeons and dragons land. Tracks 3-6 are intertwined and  when you hear 'N.I.B.', it's likely that you'll feel a little 'deja-vu'  kick in. The rest of the album is almost entirely blues but this was  Sabbath's bread and butter in the early days when they were called 'Earth'.  I think that the real sound showcased on this, their debut entry, is the  rhythm section of Geezer Butler and Bill Ward. Listen to 'Bassically',  'Wasp/Behind the Wall of Sleep' and 'N.I.B.' and feel the power.... what  happens when rhythm takes the lead. Other kudos go the cover art of the  album - very innovative and disquieting. As a matter of fact, it was the  cover art and a long-distant piece of my memory recalling the band's name  scrawled as graffiti from when I was a young child (around the early Dio  era) that spurred me on to purchase that cassette. My advice to you is to  buy it and buy it now. No greatest hits coverage will be able to do what is  in here.
B00002DE0S|4.0|Zimerman took his time assembling these performances, rehearsing long and hard with a handpicked group of instrumentalists, and then touring with them. Hence the orchestral accompaniment is much more accomplished than one  generally hears on record or in the concert hall. And Zimerman is one of  our most poetic pianists. That may be part of the problem with the  push-pull tempi, mostly on the slow side, in the fast movements. The middle  movements, however, are pure gold. Zimerman certainly has something  personal to say about these works and these performances are worth hearing.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I was browsing the record store, and the clerks had this one playing.  I had intentions of buying a CD other than this one, but after listening to it in the store I had to have it.  I had never heard of Moby, and that is  something I have never done before, but I am glad I did.  This is  definitely one of the best CDs out there, you can listen to the entire  thing all the way through.
0679720200|5.0|Albert Camus' novel The Stranger is a wonderful piece of literature that takes you into the depths of a human consciousness that embodies the essence of existentialism.  Meursault's, the main character, plight is  caused by his obvious differences with society and societies morals.   Society as a whole has a belief in a divine being that guides their life  and gives bounds to their actions.  They believe they are here for a reason  and this keeps them sane.  Meursault does not share this belief and he  believes that life is meaningless and therefore he believes it does not  matter what he does, he can either do something or not do something.   If  you like book about spicy love affairs and books that require little though  this book probably isn't for you.  If, however, you like a book with a  clever idea written by one of the literary worlds great writers then this  is the perfect book. The Stranger is an absurdist work that shows us a  person who is so immersed in existentialist beliefs that he actually feels  no emotion; he lives solely for physical pleasure.  This lifestyle is only  not hedonistic because Meursault doesn't really care whether or not he does  something.  He can either go to the beach or not go to the beach, either  way he is fine.  The reason for this behavior is that Meursault believes  that life in meaningless so it really makes no difference in the scheme of  things whether he does one thing or does something else. This entire  thought-provoking concept creates a great novel that people of all beliefs  will enjoy.
B00003CWPR|1.0|When I saw it at the theater during it's first week out, about a dozen or more people left, not because it was controversial....but that it was so damn boring. The person I was with fell asleep in the theater during the  last half hour.  I wish I could have been so fortunate. I give it 1 star  because you don't have a zero stars rating!
B00000099Y|5.0|This is not only the best Tool CD it is one of the best CDs ever made by one of the best and most creative bands of this generation.  All these songs are so powerful, building over several minutes and exploding with  such power it is ineffable.  Everything here gets better and better with  each listen, I know because I have had this CD since the summer of '97 and  have listened to it more than any other album I can think of and still  listen to it even after going through several different musical  genres.<br />Tool:  Either you get it or you dont and if you do you will be in  absolute heaven.
B000001F2H|5.0|Few albums have had greater impact than the landmark John Mayall With Eric Clapton \\"Blues Breakers.\\" Released by the Decca label in Britain on 22 July 1966, literally days after Clapton quit the Bluesbreakers and just a week before Cream's debut, it went all the way to #6, a pretty mean feat since Mayall's band had never had a hit single. This may have been a first in Britain.<br />Of course, this is the album that set the blues and guitar worlds aflame and established Eric Clapton's name worldwide as the most passionate of musical interpreters. If you haven't yet heard \\"Beano\\" (as the album is affectionately known, because Clapton is pictured reading \\"The Beano\\" comic book on its cover), then you ain't heard nuthin' yet!<br />From the album's first notes, you realize that you're in guitar heaven, as \\"Slowhand\\" shows us the way electric guitar can and should be played. Clapton's virtuoso playing is white-hot throughout. Playing with maturity beyond his 21 years, the young Eric Clapton was so influential that Gibson eventually reissued the (out-of-production since 1960) Les Paul model guitar, which Clapton then played.<br />John Mayall's Bluesbreakers served--and still serves today--as a finishing school for great musicians and sidemen (Clapton, Peter Green, Mick Taylor, John McVie, Jack Bruce, Aynsley Dunbar, Mick Fleetwood, Coco Montoya and others). Mayall's proselytizing the blues (he's 69 years old!), his songwriting skills, and his other musical talents should not be ignored nor taken lightly.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|This is not what I had expected from the artist that gave us the radio-hit 'Criminal'. There doesn't seem to be an obvious single here, but each one of these songs hints at the maturation of a rising performer, both  lyrically and melodically. Alright, so she still sings about bad  relationships and former boyfriends. It's that with such wonderful songs as  'Love-Ridden,' and the bouncy 'The Way Things Are,' you could almost  forgive her self-indulgence. She's gets away with it this time, but it's a  transgression that won't be over-looked the next time round.
B000002W9Q|5.0|Dirty Dancing was one of the greatest movies of all time, and it has a soundtrack to match.  The catchy &quot;I've had the time of my life,&quot; might make you dance across the floor, and you'll find yourself singing to  &quot;Love is strange&quot; in no time.  I'm still singing &quot;Baby, oh  baby, my sweet baby, you're the one&quot;  :)  This is one of those  soundtracks that you'll listen to forever, and it will never grow old!
B00000I1OY|5.0|Much of this film was shot In Connecticut near the Wilton Ct. area.This was in 1966, scenes were added/ directed by Sidney Pollack . Columbia execs did not know what to do with this film at all. After a brief theatrical  release in 1968/9 it was syndicated to ABC, which was showing late movies  at the time.<br />The Late Frank Perry also did &quot; Last Summer&quot; 1969  , a haunting film that is a must see as well as &quot; David and Lisa&quot;  1962.<br />Joan Rivers:( to Lancaster ne Ned Merril) &quot; What are you  doing&quot;? Merrill&quot;  I,m swimming home&quot; Rivers: &quot;I,ve  never heard that before&quot; Merrill:&quot; Come with me   be my  love&quot;!  Rivers: &quot;THAT..I.,ve heard before&quot;<br />Thats just a  sample of the abstract dialogue.. A superb first score by Marvin  Hamlisch.<br />Great Film
6303477259|5.0|The sound is incredible The picture is incredible The concert and performances are flawless Why is this not available on DVD?  WHY? WHY? GOD WHY NO PULSE AVAILABLE FOR DVD?  It's a sin that I hope someone fixes  soon!
0688156819|5.0|This book contains much of that mabre, odd, yet comfortable humor that so much of us enjoy.  The illustrtions are original, and are clearly visible in Burtons cinimatic creations.  Never the less, they are beautiful and  elightening. If you enjoy this book with its morbid humor and  &quot;dark&quot; art, I would also suggest any of the books by Edward  Gorey.
B00000ILDE|2.0|Enough with &quot;Director's Cuts&quot; and &quot;Special Editions&quot; already!  Why has the DVD revolution become an excuse to shovel in useless &quot;bonus&quot; footage from the cutting room floor?  Films are  historical and artistic documents, and are meant to be seen they way they  were originally released.  &quot;Aliens: the Special Edition&quot; is a  glaring example of this.  You can argue up and down as to the merits of the  17 extra minutes of footage (I, for one, think they dilute the plot, hamper  the pacing, and leave less to the viewer's imagination), but the fact  remains that this is not &quot;Aliens&quot; as it was intended to be. If  you're a purist, steer clear of this one. (That is, until the marketeers  decide to make a few extra bucks by putting out an &quot;Aliens: the  Theatrical Release&quot; someday).
6302250277|5.0|Even after numerous viewings, this film remains one of the most enjoyable I've ever seen. It works on many levels, mainly due to the likable personalites of the movies two fugitives, Thelma (Geena Davis in her best  role) and Louise (Susan Sarandon). Their exploits take them on a road trip  across the United States where they challenge male authority through a  number of cartoonish characters (sexist truck driver, stony-faced state  trooper, etc). Following the conventions of the road film, the two women  make both a psychological journey as well as a geographical one. What makes  their predicament so heartfelt is that they never meant to run from the law  in the first place.  By the end of the trip, they've reached a point where  'they can no longer turn back.' I've always wondered what that line meant.  Was this film taking a pro-lesbian stance? Or maybe the women found that  they didn't need the men in their lives to define who they were. This is a  film I recommend purchasing as it's one you should see more than once.
0446525537|5.0|I have read all three of Spark's books.  I loved The Notebook and hated Message in a Bottle.  I gave up on this author but then I received A Walk to Remember for a Christmas present.  I just finished it and loved it.  It  is my favorite of the three books.  I think he should write more books like  this one.  The characters were so wholesome and good.  It was a pleasure to  read even though I cried through the last two chapters!
B00000J7J4|4.0|I'm not a big fan but I really did enjoy this album.  For me it's got some really well put-together tunes and was a great stress-reliever to listen to.  Good car driving tunes too.
B000002J23|3.0|All the previous reviews refer to Drama as being a transition Yes album from '70s to the '80s ... agreed. Don't forget that Steve Howe and Geoff Downes split after this record to form Asia. It's fun listening to Drama  while thinking that. Also in &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; and &quot;White  Car&quot; are elements and themes later used by Trevor Horn on the Frankie  Goes To Hollywood album, Welcome To The Pleasuredome. Drama is the workshop  of ideas that Yes and its members used for greater glory later that decade.
0385493800|5.0|This book was great.  I couldn't put it down.  The storyline could actually happen in real life.  What shocking ending.
B0000060AK|4.0|There is no doubt that &quot;Ariodante&quot; is a wonderful opera and that's one of the reasons of its popularity among the conductors: today we  have 3 good recordings of &quot;Ariodante&quot; and I am sure we will have  more. Is this one the best at the moment? I have been waiting impatiently  for this release (again, it appeared much later in the USA than in Europe)  and when I heard it for the first time I was severely disappointed. I  bought this set  for the music, which I already knew from McGegan's  recording, and for von Otter, the singer whom I admire greatly. She was  inevitably the first disappointment, since I started listening to the CD by  going through my favorite tracks, most of them belonging to Ariodante.  &quot;Scherza infida&quot;, one of the most wonderful arias Handel ever  wrote, was a failure and I still cannot find anything that would jutify  this interpretation. Everything is just too calculated. If you need  comparisons, listen to Lorraine Hunt and you'll see what is missing in von  aria's words!). The tempo adopted here by Minkowski is killing the  exquisite singer! Yes, it is Minkowski  who should be blamed for this not  completely satisfying feast - his extreme tempos do not serve well the  singers though sometimes, in the quick passages, help show their skills. I  also do not like the occasional harshness of the orchestral playing which  sometimes reminds me of the old days of the original instruments practice.    Other arias sung by von Otter are much more successful and it is hard to  choose between her and L.Hunt. There is a lot of wonderful singing from von  Otter that gives me almost constant pleasure but this set is worth having  for Lynne Dawson's Ginevra. It is a pure delight! My major reservation  concerns Ewa Podles's Polinesso - her voice, admirable as it is, does not  really sound well in this musical context. She also tries much too hard to  be a believable villain - if you listen to Jennifer Lane (McGegan's set)  you'llsee how a much subtler characterisation can help built a truly slimy  Duke of Albany. Podles relies only on her low voice and some very  exaggerated &quot;gestures&quot;, notably in the recitativi (e.g. the  beginning of CD 2 in the dialogue with Ariodante). J.Lane is a superb  Polinesso - listen to her &quot;humming&quot; ornamention of the word  &quot;detesto&quot; (I hate) in the aria &quot;Se l'inganno sortisce  felice...&quot; (CD 2/11). Podles may sing  this aria with more musical  polish, but this is not what singing opera is all about.  The minor roles  are effectively taken in both recordings, though McGegan's King sounds more  human to me  than his equivalent on the Archiv set. Minkowski's Dalinda is  more pleasant to my ears, if only because her voice is less shrill than  L.Saffer's on Harmonia Mundi, and Richard Croft's Lurcanio (Minkowski) is  slightly more successful than Rufus Muller (McGegan).  What has been said  about Lynne Dawson's Ginevra does not mean that McGegan's Princess is a  failure. Juliana Gondek is wonderful and won't disappoint those who decide  to buy this set. I am happy to have them both, although listening to  Minkowski is sometimes frustrating. I play it quite often, but skip  &quot;Scherza infida&quot;. Sometimes I play the aria alone and try to find  some beauty in this interpretation. So far I did not find much.
0679720200|5.0|In sports, to examine the action closely, they do a slow-motion instant replay.  The Stranger by Albert Camus is slow paced; there's one scene in the beginning where the main character, Meursault, describes in full detail  his day, in which he looked out the window.  That was all, Meursault just  talked about the people who walked by that day.  However, this single fault  the book has is necessary in order to understand and accept Camus'  existentialist message.  Like a slow-motion replay of fast action, only  when Camus slows down the life of Meursault does the reader see the entire  picture. The famous image of the novel is Meursault shooting an Arab man on  the beach.  A fast paced action novel would not have given much detail--  which would have missed Camus' message.  Saying that Meursault shot an Arab  does not tell the reader anything, but having Meursault describe in full  detail the unbearable nature of the heat that day, about the sweat running  down his forehead and the sun pounding on his back, and by leaving out any  thoughts about the morality of his actions, only then do we understand  Camus' message.  There is no God out there who care, he could shoot or not  shoot, it would not matter either way.  What drove Meursault to kill the  Arab was not distorted morals, that it would be right for him to kill the  Arab on a spiritual or vengeful level.  Rather, Meursault killed the Arab  because it was hot that day.  He is driven by honest emotions only, and  Meursault will be persecuted for this later on. Slowing down the pace also  makes the story seem that much more real and detailed.  I imagined the  bullets Meursault shoots at the beach in the same slow motion style that  was used in The Matrix.  Also, the scenes in which he breaks his placid  persona, such as the one in which Meursault attacks a visiting chaplain,  are heightened dramatically by the slow pace.  The outburst of emotion is  far more exciting with a low key atmosphere surrounding it.  Thisis  important because the scene with the chaplain, where he discovers his own  beliefs (existentialism), is one of the key parts of the novel. Normally I  do not like a slow paced novel, but I'm willing to make an exception with  The Stranger.  By slowing down the action, the theme becomes easier to  understand and the images become far more absorbing.  Oddly enough, it  would appear that the book's only inherent flaw makes the novel better on  the whole, and therefore I would not be exaggerating if I said The Stranger  was flawless.
6303201954|3.0|OK, we Trekkers know all the knocks against this movie by heart. Dull sets, wooden dialogue, bloated budget, costumes that show off Stephen Collins' 'package', too many shots of the Enterprise, etc, etc...<br />But  what about the GOOD features of this film? First, it's amazing how much the  actors - save Nimoy - feel at ease with one another. DeForrest Kelley, in  particular, is a delight to watch. Too bad he wasn't in more scenes.<br />And  the visual effects, particularly VGER, are outstanding. To this day, VGER  is entirely convincing, and an amazingly well-executed &quot;alien&quot;  ship.<br />And the movie does succeed in a way - as a kind of revisionist 2001  exercise. And it DID bring Trek back. For that we can say...huzzah.
B000001ELR|5.0|After the experimental years 1979-1981,it was time for Kiss to return to their heavy rock roots; however,much had changed.Neil Bogart had died;Gene ,Paul and Ace had fired their long-time manager, Bill Aucoin;Peter Criss was out and Eric Carr was in;Casablanca Records was about to be bought out by Mercury Records;and Ace was making noise about quitting the group.Sure enough,as the band settled down in the studio,Ace handed in his resignation. This led to a massive adition process for a new guitarist(many applicants played on CREATURES OF THE NIGHT).Finally,Vinnnie Vincent,who had co-written three of the tracks,was hired and became the man with a gold Ankh symbol on his face.The album itself was the best thing that Kiss had done since LOVE GUN;heavier and more deadly then any of it's predecessors.Eric's drums sound like a rolling tank.Gene goes completely demon on us.Paul puts more energy into his songs than he has in years.Songs like I LOVE IT LOUD,ROCK'N'ROLL HELL,DANGER and WAR MACHINE remind us why we love Kiss in the first place,they rock hard.They would not rock this hard again until REVENGE and CARNIVAL OF SOULS.<br />CREATURES OF THE NIGHT - Superb kickoff track from Paul Stanley that remained a concert staple in the 'nonmakeup' era. Incredibly, Gene Simmons took a long time to warm to this track. It also took a lot of guest lead guitarists to get the solo that<BR>Paul was looking for.<br />SAINT AND SINNER - Slowly chunky rocker by Gene, sung in his demon growl (as all of his songs would be sung on this album). Great 'kissoff' lyrics as another of Gene's conquests gets the cold shoulder.<br />KEEP ME COMIN' - Paul riffer about his favourite subjects . . .<BR>love and sex. Great harmony on the chorus.<br />ROCK'N'ROLL HELL - When first aired, many Kiss fans thought the song was a veiled tribute to recently depoarted Kiss axemeister Ace Frehley. It is in fact, a slight rewrite of a Bachman Turner Overdrive song. Great singalong chorus ,though.<br />DANGER - They use this song on TV whenever they show clips of dangerous stunts and death defying feats.<br />I LOVE IT LOUD - Great Kiss anthem for the eighties, and for Heavy Metal in general. Eric Carr's drums on this track (and the whole album for that matter) will create serious sonic damage to your entire being.<br />I STIL LOVE YOU - Power ballad by Stanley, a little overlong, but a good chance to impress with his vocal gymnastics. Works well 'unplugged', too.<br />KILLER - A typical Gene 'lust is pain' lyric to a fast pace rocker.<br />WAR MACHINE - Gene's voice at his most demon. The song moves like a tank . . .and sonically rolls right over you. Vinnie Vincent's axework is truly mindblowing on this track.
B00000I924|5.0|purchased this cd after hearing one cut, nice to know he's still got is after all these years. still one of the best guitar players around. this cd offers a mix,a touch of the blues and just good ol guitar riffs.
0156907399|3.0|I thought this book was pretty good as I kept on reading.  At the beginning the author went on and on with that stream of consciousness stuff.  I thought that toward the end of the first of the three parts it  was getting interesting.  It is about a middle class British family that  goes through life in a typical way except that people stay at their house.   Considering there are eight children and a husband and wife, that is a lot  of people in one home.  Overall the book was pretty good and i like how  lily briscoe finished her painting.  This book revolves around Mrs. Ramsay  the main character who is portrayed similiarly to the lighthouse.  She is  the central lady who does all the work and solves all the family problems.   She is like a lighthouse where everything is around her.  She wanted to go  to the lighthouse so I think that is why Woolf named it this.
B00000I924|5.0|purchased this cd after hearing one cut, nice to know he's still got is after all these years. still one of the best guitar players around. this cd offer a mix,a touch of the blues and just good ol guitar riffs.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Rear Window is my favorite movie and whenever it is showing on tv, I watch it.  I have been looking for it on VHS and have been unsucessful, especially since it is not in release right now.  The movie is  unforgettable and well-acted!
B000002MJR|5.0|This CD is awesome!  I'm only into the fourth song and I already feel the need to tell people how good it is.  Dire Straits is definatly at their best when performing live.  This CD is a MUST HAVE:)
6302732875|5.0|Never before has such an ominous cast been assembled:  Al Pacino, Jack Lemmon,Kevin Spacey,and Ed Harris.  Superb film depicting the pressure and ambivalence on the part of the Real Estate Salesman, when meeting their  quota.  This film manages to get into the minds of these puppets and show  the insignificance of probably the most important people in this particular  business, The Closers. Harris plays Ross, the fed up closer who hasn't  closed a sale in months.  Tired of the &quot;Mitch and Murray&quot; firm's  newly found polcy of low level closer extermination, eats away at his soul  to no end. Harris's insightful performance is a superb depiction of the  angry insignificant worker's attempt at self revival, in his case, through  thievery of the infamous &quot;Glengary leads.&quot; Lemmon, plays the  pitiful &quot;Shelly the Machine Levine,&quot; who at one time, was the  best of closers, but now is on a losing streak, worrying about his sick  daughter while trying to keep a sense of pride. Lemmon's gritty dive into  depseration is what makes this film, the desperation to not only keep a  job, but keep himself afloat. Pacino (as always) never ceases to amaze me.  He plays the suave Richard Roma, who is on a streak of good luck, conniving  and lying to simply get them to sign on the dotted line. His performance,  as bravura as it is, shows the day in the life of the closer, what amazes  me is that his performance is given so much depth, so much significance; he  is introduced to the viewer through a conversation he is having with a  buyer, the manipulation on his part is flawless, he seems to know the  insecurities of his clients...he knows exactly what to feed on.  All of  this however, only done for a Cadillac?  It seems that he is doing it for  much more, he loves the art of manipulation, it is evident in his  performance. Pay attention to the final scene in the office, where Pacino  and Lemmon work together in an unforgettable scene of artistic  manipulation...then the GRAND FINALE scene, in which Pacino Destroy  Spacey's Ego.  Overall, FLAWLESS Film with an unprecedented cast.<br />Look  for another brilliant performance from both Pacino and Spacey in  &quot;Looking for Richard,&quot; Pacino's stimulating and flawless take on  Shakespeare's Richard III.
B000001FKY|5.0|Hell yeah this album is good to listen to when your drunk.  It's kinda trippy too, try listening to &quot;hysteria&quot;, it'll trip you out.  Anyone wanna know wut kind of music you could trip out on? jus ask me.  gladly let ya know
0380804557|5.0|Gaiman is certainly a master of fantasy.  This is, simply, an enchanting fantasy unlike any I've read before. The setting is dreamlike, the characters realistic and the way everything ties together at the end is satisfying.  I've read this book at least thirteen times, and never tire of it.<br />Tristran Thorn's adventure to find a fallen star to win the heart of his \\"one true love\\" follows many paths, all of which are powerful and fascinating.
6305718954|5.0|Stigmata is simply the best.  Never before has a film evoked such strong emotions from me, or all of the other people I know who have seen it.  Everything about this film works.  The photography, the music, and  especially the actors.  Patricia Arquette is yet again amazing and dynamic  in a part that most actresses could never play.  She is strong and gritty,  and sweet and vulnerable.  She just knows how to convey emotions on screen,  like no other actor can.  And her scream...comes from her womb, not her  head...so bllod curtling.  Gabriel Byrne is also well utilized here,  presenting strength here...we can see he is a human as well, not just a  hero.   if you want to think, if you want to be scared, if you want to be  entertained and have something to talk about, see Stigmata.  watch out fot  the attack scenes...the most startling scenes ever shot on film...you feel  as if you are being crucified!
6305718954|5.0|I enjoyed this movie immensely.  It is a pretty graphic statement of what happens to those who the Gods or Goddesses take an interest in.  If they do life can get very interesting.  Interesting in the sense of the Chinese  curse that is.<br />The best thing I liked about the DVD was the director's  commentary.  It is one of the best that I have heard.  He really gets into  the way the film was made and the problems that were encounterd.  The only  disappointment was that the commentary didn't continue onto the director's  ending which you would think would be the obvious place for an explanation.
B000002UDB|5.0|Hey, why does everyone knock &quot;Flying&quot;? That's a great song. Everything on this album is excellent, without exception.
B000002GB9|5.0|This is one of the few albums that I know the words to every song.  This came out in 1977, when I was in 7th grade and immediately bought it.  From 1977 to today, I never get tired of listening to it.  This is one of those  few albums in Rock-n-Roll that every song on the A and B side are  fantastic.  From &quot;Angry Young Man&quot;, &quot;Sail Away&quot;, to  &quot;Castle Walls&quot; and every other song on this, it clearly shows  their great musicianship.  A must have!
B00004LN16|5.0|I'm one of the few who loves AC/DC but thought Ballbreaker was a lifeless stinker.  STIFF UPPER LIP has restored my faith in the band.  Regardless of what the original critic here says, AC/DC does NOT make the same album over  and over again.  Fans can hear the differences -- this one is the  bluesiest, most relaxed and comfortable sounding album they've done since  the Bon Scott days, and both the riffs and the guitar work (solos, breaks,  etc) are absolutely wonderful.  Plus Brian Johnson has sorta gotten his  voice back!  It's listenable again!  Just gives you a chill to know that a  bunch of 50 year old men could make a rock and roll album this addictive.   I personally wouldn't say it's as amazing as Back in Black, Flick of the  Switch, etc but those (in my opinion) rank among the best albums by any  band ever.  STIFF UPPER LIP, rather, is simply a wonderfully entertaining  rock and roll record - probably the best we'll hear by any band this year.   Gets better with each listen.
B000002KHH|5.0|This is a classic recording that was an influence on many Rock bands of the later 1970's and 1980's. For the limited budget that Black Sabbath made this album on, they really did an effective job.  From War Pigs to  Paranoid, Black Sabbath blends their unique sound brilliantly.  A must have  to any R&amp;R fan!
B0000088ZV|4.0|I'm amazed this is catalogued on Amazon. There is  one passage in which the Moody's influenced them or vice versa, since they were both on Deram. What  if the East had been the star band?
B00001QEE2|5.0|I am 35 years old and still love Disney movies from cartoons to those old outdoor nature and adventure movies, so I believe I know the wide range of releases that Disney has to offer.  I believe that Hercules should be rated  in the top 5 of Disney Cartoon Movies.  Not only is the animation clever  and compliments the story lines, but the voice casting of the characters is  brilliant!  James Woods as Hades is hilarious and the animators were right  on target in drawing Hades/Woods.  Rip Torn, Tate Donovan, Bobcat Goldwait  and Danny Devito are perfect as the voices of the main characters as well.  Great story line that never goes dull.  Kudo's to Disney for this movie!
0553108034|4.0|Does a wonderful job telling a story from several charactor viewpoints.  Keeps you involved and not wanting to put it down but to keep reading.  His main charactors are well developed, all with their own set of problems and  ambitions and how to acheive their ultimate goals.  Highly recommend it.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Dr. Tom Harford and his wife Alice live the good life, rubbing elbows with Manhattan's elite.  After a party one evening, Alice reveals a deeply-held sexual fantasy, which sends her husband into a jealous rage, but also  awakens thoughts of his own.  Fueled by both his anger and his curiosity,  he descends into a sexual underworld.I dont know why people dont get this  film because alot of couples can relate.  This was a excellent movie.
B000003CM8|5.0|Unlike most Allman Brothers fans I'm not inclined to the live at Fillmore album but I feel that this album cuts truer to the soul of southern rock.  I don't know.  Maybe it was just the fact that it was their first album  that made it click so.  There isn't a more perfect rock song than Whipping  Post.  However,  I do recommend that you get the Beginnings set because it  include an entire other album for not much more money.
B00003OSSL|4.0|Internal affairs cop Dutch Van den Broeck just lost his wife in a plane crash.  Congresswoman Kay Chandler's husband died in the same accident. As it is revealed that their spouses were having an affair, they find their  own ways of dealing with the tragedy: she wants to forget it and he is  obsessed with knowing his wife's secrets.This was a very good movie and not  predictable. Ford was excellent in this, I would say it is one of his best.
6304415346|4.0|Somehow, Star Trek movie sseem best, when the cast goes back in time to present day. I am not quite sure what it is, but the actors seem to enjoy their work more. First Contact, like The Voyage Home is a typical example  of this rule. Much better then Generations, this movie, while not quite as  good as some of the original series movies is at least up to standard. The  cast does a better job, the story is more interesting and the charactres  have obviously been around for some time, aquiring a bit of personality.  Good special effects and an excellent role by Alice Kriege as the Borg  Queen make this an enjoyable movie for everybody.
B00004LN16|5.0|When I first heard this album I was unsure of how much I liked it.  Then as a continued to listen I found myself loving it!  I can't say that this is there best album, cause its not.  Don't get me wrong this album is very,  very good.  I like how AC/DC is going for a more blues sound than before,  like the style in the 70's.  Aren't these guys awesome! Brian the singer is  52 and Angus the guitarist is 45.  I hope these guys are around for ever!
630021463X|5.0|This is the best Star Trek movie ever released. Taking an unexpected turn, The Voyage Home transports the main characters back to the twentieth century, looking for some humpbacked whales. This sounds preposterous, but  it works. It is also rather funny to see the actors enjoying themselves  playing in a normal environment for a chance. While most Star Trek movies  are strictly for fans, this is one that anybody can enjoy, combining  action, humor and a good plot.
B000000FG8|5.0|For all you little wanna-be punk rockers out there who think you're hardcore but buy all the new blink-182 and offspring JUNK, this is what punk music is all about.  This CD cannot be given enough praise.  It is at  the root of punk at its best, and should be in everyone's CD collection.
630242335X|4.0|Normally I am not much of a Star Trek fan, I think the series is a little too nice and sweet, but I really liked The Undiscovered Country. It has a better plot than usual for a Star Trek movie and the cast does a good job.  Christopher Plummer as a villainous one-eyed alien really steals the show,  especially when he starts quoting Shakespeare. Well timed with the  breakthrough of Glasnost in the Soviet Union, this movie showing the same  thing happening in the Star Trek universe appeared at exactly the right  moment, but even now, ten years later it is still effective.
0440219078|5.0|In Jonas's community, everything is perfect. There is no pain, hunger, or crime.  There are no choices to be made When you turn 12 you are given a role in the community for the rest of your life. when you become to old to  live anymore, you are simply &quot;relaeased&quot; from the community. When  Jonas turns 12 he is selected to become the Reciever of Memory, a highly  respected role in his community. However when Jonas begins to recieve the  memorys of the past from an old man, known as The Giver, Jonas realizes  that his world is not as perfect as everyone thinks. Jonas can't live in  this community anymore. But he can't leave his family and friends who he's  known all his life, or can he? He must do something, and fast. I thought it  was a great book and recomend highly recomend it.
B00000DG1R|5.0|James Bond (View to a Kill). Early MTV. The 1980's (remember that!)  Duran Duran - post DISCO - lyrics you can understand.  If you have not heard this yet, ENJOY!
B000002LGQ|4.0|For some reason, I never readily warm up to most of Madonna's albums upon their release. Madonna's songs always need to burrow down, make themselves comfortable with time. Nothing wrong with that -- a momentary infatuation with the latest craze is always more fleeting than a solid love affair. Thing is, the critics never regarded Madonna as the love affair -- she was always the flash in the pan that wouldn't be doused. Of course all of that changed with Like a Prayer. Everyone took notice and for good reason. It stands even today as one of her lushest, sharpest, and most personal productions. Before the arty self consciousness that has crept into her later work, Like a Prayer showcases Madonna's versatility with musical genres, hopping from a guitar crunching title track to the Motown- inspired &quot;Express Yourself&quot; with ease and authority. Pop Music has always been mindless and entertaining, but Madonna made it personal and poignant without compromising her ear for a hook. Indeed it silenced everyone like a prayer.
B00000DG1R|5.0|James Bond (View to a Kill). Early MTV. The 1980's (remember that!)  Duran Duran - post DISCO - lyrics you can understand.  If you have not heard this yet, ENJOY!
6305169187|5.0|I'm gald to see from all the other reviews that this movie has provoked as many varried feelings and reactions as it has amongst my friends.  I have seen this film five times, and cried for four of them.  I am not an  emotional guy, and I usually hate this sort of movie, but there is  something in it that  just get me each time.  Others I have watched it with  have had the same reation, others have hated it.  If ever I was to make a  movie I would be glad to have raised such passions.  Love or hate.  All I  can recommend is that you watch it, and make up your own mind. I will not  go into the film, and the plot as this has already been well documented,  all I can say is that  I hope you enjoy it.
0684847248|5.0|i'm the guy whose review appears towards the bottom of the list, the guy who was surprised only 3 reviews appeared before his. well, i'm pleased to see we're up to 31 reviews (even though i've &quot;voted&quot; twice!) i  write this note with nothing less than sheer reverence for the author, and  direct you all to the other &quot;road&quot; books; they truly deepen the  experience. and here i'm talking about &quot;futher along the road less  traveled&quot; and &quot;the road less traveled and beyond&quot; (from  memory). thank you, dr.peck.
B00004LN16|5.0|AC/DC has put out a lot of good cds, but this is definitely one of their best.  This album goes back the days of Back in Black and Highway to Hell.  Stiff Upper Lip is what real rock is all about.  The blues-based hard-edged  rock n' roll sound of Angus Young blasts out of the speakers on every song.   This is good rock n' roll without all the modern effects and sounds that  could spoil a good record.  This is pure hard rock at it's best.  If you  ever considered liking AC/DC, buy this album and you'll wonder why you've  never listened to them before because this will blow you away.
0316921173|1.0|if not the, then all-but-the saddest book I have ever read. challenging, involving, and horrifying. I read this book almost two years ago and sometimes I still laugh thinking about it and sometimes I still feel awful  thinking about it. Don't read it.
B00000IPAX|1.0|this album clearly identifies who blink 182's inspiration was..green day..the same three riffs over and over and over. there is one good song on this entire cd.  the single.what's my age... the rest of this album is all  just repetitive blabber of fake punk rock.  if i could return this cd, i  would...  i took my chance, now i'm stuck with another cd that will collect  dust.
B000002IR7|3.0|&quot;Green Onions&quot; was originally recorded as the B-side to what was intended as their debut single, &quot;Behave Yourself,&quot; but ended up reaching #1 in the R&amp;B charts and becoming Booker T. &amp; The MG's  most famous tune. This album was quickly assembled around those two songs  to capitalize on the success of the million-selling single. Along with a  follow-up jam, &quot;Mo' Onions,&quot; they recorded nine mediocre covers  of previous hits by Ray Charles, the Isley Brothers, Jackie Wilson, and  Acker Bilt. I'd recommend this album only if you don't plan on investing in  the wonderful &quot;Time Is Tight&quot; box set, which contains the best  tracks off this disc, the three originals.
0684874350|5.0|angela's ashes is a very well written memoir about frank mccourt..no one particularly special, just a prize winning writer.  I really appreciate and love the style of writing that mccourt used to tell his story.  There was a  lot of sadness to it, but great humor as well.  After reading this, i  realize my own upbringing wasn't so terrible.  Certain members of his  family were definitely not very caring or nice to him.  but i think it was  the way they showed they cared.   mccourt has really had quite a life, and  i thank him for sharing!  for those who want to see the film, be sure to  read the book first!  it is so much better and reads more into everything  the movie doesn't touch.  but the movie is worth watching!
0684872153|5.0|Vuyo Mntuyedwa &quot;When I look back on my childhood I wonder how I managed to survive at all. It was, of course, a miserable childhood: the happy childhood is hardly worth your while. Worse than the ordinary  miserable childhood is the miserable Irish childhood, and worse yet is the  miserable Irish Catholic childhood,&quot;  This extract from  Angela's  Ashes is just a taste of what lies ahead in this books gripping pages about  life and the reality of being poor, starving, wet and miserable in  Limerick, Ireland in the 1930s. This book brings the reality of being white  and poor in Ireland and one doubts that it would have seen the light of day  in South Africa if the country was still under the yoke of the National  Party government and its apartheid policies.  Clearly this would have been  contrary to what the government of that time believed in, that die volk  were a superior race and divined to live the good life until eternity.   Angela's Ashes depicts the McCourt family dogged by poverty, hunger, the  death of infants due to starvation and an unemployable father who is a  durnkard.  Reading the book one could not help but to be stunned that these  traits are supposedly associated with blackness.  No wonder a colleague  used to say that the Irish regarded themselves as the &quot;black people of  Europe&quot; and through book one gets to understand the validity of that  comparison.  The plight of poor whites in South Africa led to the  introduction of policies such as job reservation so that they could not  compete with blacks for better paying jobs. Angela's Ashes, is at once  shocking in its brutality about the poverty of Limerick and the family's  battle to make ends meet and Angela's silent suffering while her husband  fails to provide for the family. Even when he does find employment  somewhere, he soon goes to his regular pub, drinks himself senseless and  cannot wake up to go to work the next day. He comes home late at night  singing, cursing all theway until he reaches what could be considered a  shack in South African terms, a  cramped, forever flooded &quot;house&quot;  due to the unforgiving rains which are a permanent feature of this land of  the Shamrocks. Another parallel with the black South African experience in  Angela's Ashes is evident when Angela goes the charitable St. Vincent de  Paul Society to provide them with furniture and a new mattress which is not  contaminated with tuberculosis germs.  She is cross-examined about her  husbands job prospects and being humiliated by the officials.   This could  be anywhere in the welfare department in present day South Africa with all  those high and might officials talking down to the multitudes waiting in  the ever snaking queues.  Angel gets tired of her husband who behaves like  a gentleman who won't stoop low to beg for hand-outs from anyone and  resorts to take two of her children with her to pick up coal which has  fallen off a truck in order to warm the house.  She even has to rely on the  left-overs of the nearby clergy and usually come out a given times to give  the group of women jostling to catch a wrapping of fried chips.  Better yet  there is part where she is offered i'skopo (sheep's head) for the family's  Christmas lunch. Many South Africans consider i'skopo a delicacy but to  them it was an insult, but as beggars they could not be choosers. The book  constanlty took me back to the experiences of millions of black South  Africans. As in the book drunkenness has been a problem for a number of  years among working class blacks but this has not been confined to them  only.  Angela's Ashes shows that the story of suffering, poverty,  drunkenness, unemployment is a indeed a universal phenomenon and it is up  to each and every one of us to do whatever we can to pluck ourselves out of  the situations that we find ourselves in.
0385484518|5.0|I bought this book at 7:00 p.m. one night and finished it at 10:30 p.m. the same night with breaks only to use the commode and catch my breath from sobbing.  It truly was the most touching and emotional piece of writing I  have ever read and I would recommend it to anyone. Of course, the topic is  illness and death, but it is actually an uplifting book about life and the  human spirit that no one should miss. Buy it and a box of tissues and let  your heart indulge!
0380789019|5.0|I'm writing this review not just to join the 197 previous people who reviewed this book, but to review some of the reviewers.<br />I read Neverwhere last week while in Europe.  This book entertained and enthralled  me.<br />  No it's not a perfect book, and even if the ending is  predictable---you knew he would hate his reclaimed life, and you knew he  would want to go back---how can a few of you be so viscious in your  reviews.<br />Richard was ordinary.  Richard was not captivating.  Richard was  boring.  Richard did not fit in.<br />Well guess what.  Most of us ARE that  way.  We may each be unique, but we are all very much alike. As a college  professor told me years ago---people want to be different, but not too  different.<br />As for the ending: If you have ever had your life shattered or  merely turned upside down, then you know how badly you want your old life  back, how much you wish things could be the ways things were. And it is  human nature to WANT more than to HAVE.<br />To sum up:  Neverwhere is a  really good book.  Who cares if it doesn't change your life!   If you're  looking for a fantasy book to change your life then you need professional  help.<br />If you didn't like this book, then you are probably both very  ordinary and very unhappy. If you're thinking about buying the book---just  buy it.  I mean, look at all the reviews!  How many books inspire 200  reviews?<br />Now I'll get off my soapbox.  Thank you.
6304288433|4.0|Michael continues his night of murder and mayhem as he follows his sister to the hospital and kills some more teens along the way. A great sequel picks up the pace by including a lot of great kills. Unlike the first one,  it's not boring at all. It's more like a FRIDAY THE 13TH movie. Popcorn,  pepsi and pizza.
B000000WF0|5.0|Despite recent negative reviews by people unfamiliar with the structure and modes of music, don't believe the hype.  Urban Hymns is a definitive statement, a masterpiece of textured sounds and intelligent lyrics from  Richard Ashcroft.   During recording, Ashcroft was coming out of a habitual  heroin addiction, and was being awakened again to the fraility of the  spirit and soul.  His songs are wonderfully uplifting and positive,  touching heaven with Nick McCabe's wonderfully played arpeggios and delay  pedaled screams.   The whole band comes together to create, in my educated  opinion, the best British rock album of the decade.   Every song is well  executed and the entire package is produced with the genuine affection for  Ashcroft's tremendous gift for simplistic songs that endear themselves to  anyone with any ability to reflect.   If you think Noel Gallagher is a  poet, you probably won't like this record, but if your a bit more refined  and eclectic, you'll thoroughly enjoy the numerous textures and the sweet  sound of Ashcroft's voice.  A masterpiece, will age gracefully.  Make sure  you give a listen to One Day, Velvet Morning, and Space &amp; Time.
079283321X|5.0|Rocky is probably the greatest underdog film of all time.It has touched many of it's viewers personally and stands as a part of American culture. Everyone can hum Rocky's training theme and everyone remembers him running  up the steps and the famous quote,&quot;Adrian!&quot; What makes Rocky so  great is because the characters feel very personal and human so you begin  to root for them. Each character is an archetype played to it';s ultimate  potential. One of the very few movies that I have gotten misty.
0767836324|4.0|The answer- not too much, really.  Sure, it's not as great as Peter Pan, but the movie still retains a bit of magic in it, even if it gets oversappy.  Robin Williams makes a pretty cool Peter Pan, and Julia Roberts  is, well, adorable as Tinkerbell.  But it's Dustin Hoffman who steals the  show as the overgrown Hook, who's eager to fight Peter Pan once again after  so many years of hunting lost boys.  Is it Spielberg's best?  No, but it's  not one of Spielberg's worst either.  Consider it a great middle of the  road movie for all ages.
B000002C25|4.0|I'm a huge Oasis fan, loving the grungy, so-called Brit-rock these guys produce. I expected a little bit better from them than this album is, but it's still all in all a good effort. My personal favorite track is Don't Go  Away; it's just such a beautiful song! It's a pretty unique song and the  only one that sounds like it on the album, so don't expect anything else  like it from the rest of the tracks. But despite its somewhat brashness,  it's still a good album and I still recommend it, whether you're an Oasis  fan or not!
B00000IPAX|5.0|i really like this cd. it is so dope and u all need to go out and buy it because blink 182 is the best and they are the best punk band out there. this is 1 of my favorite cd's that i have and i listen to it often.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This album is not only Black Sabbath's best album, it is the greatest album of all time.  I listen to a lot of heavy metal music, and the only other albums that come nearly as high as this one are Helloween's  &quot;Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 1&quot; and Crimson Glory's  &quot;Transcendence.&quot;  Though those albums are not in the same vein as  Sabbath, they still fall slightly short of Sabotage.  Sabbath rules (even  with Dio, I might add).  I will never tire of this spectacular album.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is one of the coolest movies ever made and one of my favorite films of all time. This is the first DVD I ever bought and i have watched it the most of any. You can watch this film over and over again and it  doesn't get old.  Near the end of the film it has the greatest action and  special effects sequence that I have ever seen in my life(The Shootout and  Helicopter scene). The visuals in this film are breathtaking and so totally  freakin' awesome.  Don't walk...run as fast as you can to the nearest store  and buy this DVD, you will not be sorry!
B00000JPH5|5.0|We rented this movie a few years ago and watched it with our girls (then 13 and 9). We have an extensive library of movies but this was the movie the kids (and us grown-ups) wanted to see again and again. So when I  finally found it and bought it, we were one happy family :-). This really  is a wonderful movie for both young and old. The sets, the muppets, the  human actors are all absolutely fabulous. Our oldest thinks Bowie is  &quot;hot&quot;. I agree with her but honestly, I think his legs are a bit  to skinny for tights :-) But hey, who cares about a detail like that huh?  Anybody with imagination and a love for fantasy should watch this movie. If  you liked Jim Henson's muppets, watch this movie. It's funny and magical  and well I guess we should all be careful with what we wish for...our wish  may just come true, and undoing that wish may leave you stranded in a  labyrinth. But then again with a Goblin King like Bowie one may not want to  change a thing.  At least rent it!  You will want to own it once you see  it!
6305358613|5.0|I saw this film twice at the theater and was blown away each time. Cate Blanchett's awesome portrayal of the virgin queen deserved more than a best actress nomination. She and the rest of the cast were simply ripped off by  the academy in '98. I haven't seen a performance this intense in a very  long time. This is classic moviemaking with superb direction.
B00001OH7T|5.0|I don't know why so many people think this is a so-so album. I think it is a lot better than the glam he was into earlier (O.K. mabey its not as good a Ziggy). The only thing I regret is that this didn't start a whole new  style of music like Bowie's early glam did. As it is now this is the best  and only White Soul album.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is one of the best films ever created!  Hayao Miyazaki is a master of animation.  If you noticed, my title does not refer to it as an anime.  A lot of people disregard films because they are animated.  When  a friend recommended it to me, so did I.  I usually go for live action.  I  was very reluctant to see the film.  But by the time I had seen the first  two scenes, I was hooked.  I was blown away! The sheer haunting beauty of  the animation was enough.  Added on to the complexity and many dimensions  of the wonderful characters, it was enough for me to be blabbing about it  24/7 to my friends.  <br />I will not give away too much of the plot for all  you unlucky people who have not had the chance to be completely blown away  yet, but I will review some of the characters. Lady Eboshi first strikes  you as an evil warrior, but she is so much more than that.  She does all  she does to protect her people.  She is a hero and destroyer at the same  time. Ashitaka is more than some brash reckless guy who suddenly discovers  a hero within himself(the type you usually see in movies), but a complex  character who takes his courageous actions as a duty.  He doesn't risk his  life to save his village because he was born like that.  He did it because  that was his job.  San perfectly portrays the raw passion and fury that  Miyazaki imagined.  She is torn between her home and her race.  A good  character representing the forests and the civilization. Most important of  all, none of the characters were perfectly bad or perfectly good.  Ashitaka  is all around good, but he does make mistakes.  The beasts of the forests  are far from noble, and fight for what they believe in, but do many wrong  things along the way.  Lady Eboshi may be cruel in some of her actions, but  is compassionate and gentle toward her people.  NO ONE is good or bad,  plain and simple, like you will see in Disney movies.<br />THIS IS NOT A A  LITTLE KIDDIE MOVIE!<br />the plot and action is way above second graders.   The graphic violence and forcefulness of speech does not suit young  children.  <br />Unless you are mentally unstable, I KNOW that you will see  this heavenly film!
B000002572|1.0|This album is like a whole truck of chunky poo! I don't know why I bought this album, afterwards I was so ashamed that I let my dog chew it up. All the over production of Prog Rock without any concept, the worst of both  worlds!  Do not buy this album it will destroy your musical soul!
B000002KCF|5.0|&quot;The Art of Tea&quot; stands as Michael Franks best work overall.  Using the Crusaders as an instrumental &quot;backup&quot; group gives these perfromances more of an coherent feel and unified sound than many of Mr.  Franks more recent efforts. These songs represent some of Mr. Franks best  song writing.  The lyrics to &quot;Popsicle Toes&quot; and  &quot;Eggplant&quot; remain some of Franks' most clever. The double  entendres in &quot;Eggplant&quot; are worth the price of the CD, in my  opinion. The CD sounds as fresh today as when I first listened to it in  1976 or so.  The type of music is relaxed, &quot;lounge&quot; type jazz,  with none of the Brazilian influence prominent in later Franks' CDs.  There  are no ballads, but mostly mid-tempo tunes which usually concern some type  of male-female relationship or activity.  The music is fun to listen to,  very well recorded, and the best introduction to Mr. Franks' body of work.
B0000028M7|4.0|FANTASTIC C.D<br />But Please , try not to listen to tool cd's (Opiate,Undertow And Aenima) Before You Listen To &quot;Dirt&quot;<br />Do I Need To Explain This..? Tool Are Really An Amazing Band But AIC Are A Very  Special And Interesting band as well . Go Get Dirt , You Will Love it.
B000009QPE|5.0|bottom line is this cd is what it's all about. it's about when metal was evil, hair was long and jeans were tight. every aspect of this cd is flawless, if your not into pushing the limits of metal this cd ain't for  you. and with metallica and other cornball metal acts getting props for  their old stuff it's a shame to see slayer not being shown the same  respect. LONG LIVE EVIL!
B00004LN16|5.0|Cleanest AC/DC realease in years. No anthems, no filler. Just 12 crisp songs laden with infectous riffs, rejuvinated vocals and the clearest production in 20 years. Restraint and conciseness are the hallmarks of this  cd and it pays off bigtime. The slower, heavier style that typified their  80's and 90's sound seems to have given way to the Chuck Berry roots they  emphasised in the 70's. It's not that this album doesn't rock: it's just  that there is a little more roll. Hell, the song &quot;I feel safe in NY  city&quot; even leads with a baseline. Who says you can't teach an old dog  new tricks?
B000002C25|5.0|Big, bad, purposely bloated songs with never-ending choruses, drowned-out drums with crashing cymbals, cocky lyrics and a sense of wasted elegance -- that's my summation of the mighty \\"Be Here Now.\\" By song five, you already feel like you've heard an entire album's worth of material. This opus includes a bit of everything: big rock (\\"My Big Mouth\\"); grand and majestic rock and roll sounds (\\"Magic Pie\\" and \\"All Around the World\\"); still others like \\"I Hope, I Think, I Know\\" and \\"The Girl in the Dirty Shirt\\" come off as fantastically swinging, upbeat and honest, and would have been right at home on FM radio across the land, had they been released as singles.<br /><br />When brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher team up on vocals, as they do on the awesome leadoff track, \\"D' You Know What I Mean?,\\" nothing sounds better. As for the crafty Noel, he writes wonderfully melodic tunes while managing to sneak in his weaving guitar licks in the form of a solo tirade or as background noise while his stolid band mates chug along behind him. There is a buzzing, wall-of-sound noise on \\"Be Here Now\\" that might turn some people off, but if you can get over the high-decible recording, it really is awesome stuff. Remember, this was a phase of Oasis, a style and route that the band chose to go in. Rumors of heavy drug use during the making of this record would make sense, but it is what it is. Truthfully, the band was so full of itself by this time that it thought it could cheer up the world by writing these cheery tunes to offset the gloom it observed outside the recording studio.<br /><br />\\"Fade In-Out\\" and \\"Be Here Now\\" might be the two top tracks on the CD, the former a staunch and heartfelt plea to tough out the bad times in life, the latter a lyrically carefree romp set to the most tuneful, meaty music ever. \\"It's Gettin' Better (Man!!)\\" is another cocaine-induced gem that, hyperbole aside, will play on forever in your CD player or i-Pod. The somewhat generic-sounding \\"Don't Go Away\\" -- inexplicably released as a single -- is the only misstep on this otherwise tremendous record. Oasis was on top of the world during the making and release of \\"Be Here Now,\\" but somehow the world didn't latch on to this effort like it did with [[ASIN:B000002BBY (What's The Story) Morning Glory?]] -- and that's a shame. Though [[ASIN:B000068QY7 Heathen Chemistry]] from 2002 was also great, nothing can best this blockbuster from 1997, which featured the classic Oasis lineup and top-of-the-line songs. \\"You'll never forget my name,\\" wailed Liam on \\"I Hope, I Think, I Know.\\" With great tunes like these in the can, he might just be right.bly released as a single -- is the only misstep on this otherwise tremendous record. Oasis was on top of the world during the making and release of \\"Be Here Now,\\" but somehow the world didn't latch on to this effort like it did with [[ASIN:B000002BBY (What's The Story) Morning Glory?]] -- and that's a shame. Though [[ASIN:B000068QY7 Heathen Chemistry]] from 2002 was also great, nothing can best this blockbuster from 1997, which featured the classic Oasis lineup and top-of-the-line songs. \\"You'll never forget my name,\\" wailed Liam on \\"I Hope, I Think, I Know.\\" With great tunes like these in the can, he might just be right.
6301963717|2.0|I love the Coen Brothers. I hated this movie. This movie was so boring I found myself fast-forwarding through most of it. It lacks the visual stimulation that all the other Coen movies have. I'm just glad it didn't  become a habit. One black sheep is alright...but we'll have no more of  that, you hear?
B00000J7J4|1.0|I bought this CD based on the hype it received for winning the Grammy. It's now roadkill on the side of a Georgia interstate.  This was one of the worst albums I've ever heard.
1573226521|3.0|This book has an identity crises between being a good novel or an airport read, and thus does not fully succeed at either.  The writing and character development are not worthy of a great novel, but yet the story is somewhat  anticlimactic and not enough of a page turner for a great airport read. I  would almost have preferred the book if it was a bit trashier!   On my  flight, I wanted to be turning the pages like I did when I read, say, The  Firm....but instead I read some chapters, sometimes interested, sometimes  not...put it down for a half hour...skimmed the airline magazine..picked it  up again, etc.  Also, while I think it does authors a disservice to harp on  the &quot;first novel&quot; syndrome [as there have been many amazing first  novels]...I'll do it anyway: perhaps the character development will come  with Garland's future writing.  For example, it seemed as if the main  character struggled with his own moral leanings throughout the book...yet  this issue wasn't developed enough.  All and all though, it was a good  effort, with a nice comic tone and enough pace to make me finish it.
6305750750|4.0|OK, I'll start out with what I percieve as the two biggest flaws.  First of all, Jar Jar just should not have appeared in the movie.  There was plenty of comic relief without him, and he just brought absolutley nothing  to the film--all he did was take time away from character development of  the great human actors.  Can you imagine how completely out of place Jar  Jar would have been in  the near-perfect Star Wars or Empire?  The other  big flaw was Jake Lloyd.  Especially when you see movies like &quot;The  Secret of Roan Inish&quot;, &quot;Fairytale--a True Story&quot;, or the  1993 version of&quot; A Secret Garden&quot;,and you see what really great  child actors can do--it's clear that Jake Lloyd would have been better cast  as a guest star on the &quot;Full House&quot; TV show. On the positive  side, though, most of the human cast is pretty strong.  And as far as the  art direction and sets, particularly the underwater city, and the palaces  of Naboo--these are just some of the most amazing, awe-inspiring, wonderful   sci-fi images ever put on film.  The music is completely fantastic, and  the action scenes are also incredibly well done.    I agree that people  were mostly remembering the best parts of the other 3 movies, and were  putting 16 years of expectations into this one movie, which it could not  live up to.  I just hope George  listens to a lot of this criticism,  because if you could take the tone of the first two movies and combine them  with the visuals of this one, you would indeed have an amazing movie.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Need it be said?  Carlos Santana, in a pact with Satan and Clive Davis, has sold his soul for a great deal of money and false adulation.  If Santana had released a legitimate collection of music that they had written  and performed as a band MINUS the MTV current guests, a whopping 100,000  copies would have been picked up by what's left of the Woodstock generation  who still buy CDs and that would have been that.  Instead we have a  &quot;resurgence&quot; and &quot;long-earned-yet-denied-respect.&quot;   Yeah, whatever.  Check back in two years and see how relevant Santana is  then.
B000009O8A|1.0|I Spit on Your Grave, more like I spit on this movie.  How anyone can like this movie is beyond me.  I personally like violent movies, but movies of class and style, such as (Goodfellas, Halloween, and The Exorcist), but I  Spit on Your Grave has neither, just a woman getting raped in the first  half, and her revenge in the second half.   Mabey the reason critics hate  this film(HA-HA) so much is because it really does suck.  Their really is  no bacic story, and acting that deserves turkey awards for the entire cast.   Come on people quit wasting your time on a movie that no one can even say  (this is a horror movie, a suspence movie, or a drama) because honestly I  don't even know myself.  But I do know that this garbage should be banned  from the public peroid...
0805210393|2.0|I'm going to go out on a limb here and give this book a negative review. It's not that I don't like Kafka, I've read most of his fiction and I think he was a brilliant writer. But this book just disappointed me. It's a few  hundred pages too long--he pretty much makes most of his main points in the  first part of the book and the remaining narrative seems superfluous and,  well, tedious. Although his other two novels are also  &quot;unfinished&quot; I think he expressed himself much more clearly in  them. I agree with the other reviewers that this novel was about many  things, i.e. the quest for truth, the frustration of the invididual facing  the state and society itself, etc., but I think it could have been done  better, especially by someone like Kafka. While reading &quot;The  Castle&quot; I couldn't get over the impression that I was reading the  first draft of something the author probably would have refined and  improved had he lived longer.
0140288503|5.0|It is truly amazing that the author is able to allow the reader to follow a large roster of individuals through a maze of streets and days of horror. Ranks with the most readable of battle stories. A great read that stays  with you for a long time. It conveys several perspectives on a complex  situation and teaches us things we did not expect to learn.
B00000IGGA|4.0|I've been listening to Tom Waits since around 1977 and I have every album he's ever recorded.  Some, I must admit, I bought only out of loyalty and I didn't really like them all that much.  I really love his older stuff (the  album Foreign Affair being one of my favorites) and I was glad that this  new album has sparks of his older style.  Therefore, the songs from Mule  Variations that most of you don't care for I really like, and vice-versa.   For all of you that speak of &quot;re-treading,&quot; I have to ask, what's  wrong with that?  I wish TW would produce more stuff like his older music  and consequently feel that several songs on this new album are definately  &quot;keepers.&quot;
0790729652|4.0|Tim Burton excels at taking well-known fairy tales and revealing the dark psychological undercurrents. No example is better than that of Batman.<br />Watching his parents murdered as a young child, young Bruce Wayne  dedicates his life to fighting the forces that tore apart his world.  Obsessed to the point of mania, he hides behind a mask, appears only at  night, and lives outside the law. His desire for revenge consumes  him.<br />His nemesis - the gangster who gunned down his family - becomes  horribly disfigured while trying to escape him, and is tipped into  homicidal mania by his scars. He becomes a crazed terrorist using chemical  weapons against civilians.<br />The two characters oppose each other in every  sense; the irony is heightened by each one being responsible for creating  the other.  This is not a story for children to appreciate.<br />Burton  successfully creates a brooding, gothic look to his city and characters. He  draws inspiration from Lang's Metropolis, especially in the final scene  atop the cathedral.<br />Look beyond the script flaws to enjoy a fantastic  performance from Jack Nicholson and a dark visual delight.
B000000WA4|5.0|All of the special moments of my life are included on this album. The sweeping grandeur of &quot;Tonight Tonight&quot;, the hope of &quot;Thru The Eyes Of Ruby&quot;, the rage of &quot;Bullet With Butterfly  Wings&quot;, it's too much to analyze in this simple review. This is an  album that has captivated me from the second listen and will be an album in  my collection like &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and  &quot;Abbey Road&quot; (okay, basically all the Beatles CDs) and  &quot;Nevermind&quot;; I will always have time to listen to them and have  them take me back back to memories from good times past. God bless the  Pumpkins for creating this masterpiece for people to enjoy for generations!
B00000K19E|4.0|The Special effects in this movie is enough to own this movie.. they were nothing less then spectular.. the story line isnt very good but the effects make up for it  and a great performance by Laurence Fishburne..
B000002H70|5.0|I just listend to &quot;Bloodflowers&quot; it was a great album &amp; if I were to compare it to &quot;Disinegration&quot; you really can't I don't see it. If I were to compare it to a Cure album though I would compare it  more to &quot;Wish&quot;. After that little explination:  &quot;Disinagration&quot; in my opinion is the BEST Cure album I love every  single song on this CD.&quot;The Same Deep Water As You&quot;  &quot;Desinitegration&quot;, &quot;Lullaby&quot; &amp;  &quot;Closedown&quot; &quot;Prayers for Rain&quot; are my top favorites.  This album really got me hooked on listening to everything they made. It's  dark, beautiful &amp; should be played at full blast on the radio. I had to  buy the CD because I wore the tape out I listened to it so much. If you  have never listened to the Cure this would be a great start. If you have  listend you know what I am talking about. On a scale of 1-10 I give it a  20.
B00003CWOL|3.0|The first time I saw this film, I absolutely loved it--I saw it with a large group of open-midned Catholic students floowed by a two-hour interview with Kevin Smith.  Definitely the preferred viewing.  I watched  it again with some Jesuits, and came to two mutual conclusions. 1)  Getting  truly offended by this film is lunacy. 2)Nevertheless, the film is not very  good. Kevin Smith is classic here, and the film is quite effective in its  parody moments.  Its other best moment is a very serious dialogue between  Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, who worked the actor's equivalent of minimum  wage for their friend Smith when they could have been making millions.  As  evidenced by the mix of dramatic dialogue and parody, however, this film  never quite figures out what it wants to be.  It jumps from one genre to  the next, with reckless abandon, forgetting to take the story line with it,  and several moments are too childish to be funny. That said, however, you  cannot be too mad at Smith for making a loosely coherent movie.  He's only  made one other film that tried to be coherent (and succeeded), Chasing Amy.  Also unlinke his other films, the acting is excellent--the cast ranges from  the good to the amazing, rather than the traditional smith range of the  very good to the awful.  And his dialogue here, while not quite par with  his other movies, is better than nearly any other popular screenwriter. As  a movie that you want to see that is fun to watch, this gets four and 1/2  stars.  As an effective theologial statement, it gets two.  His slowly  emerging pictuer of what he thinks is good faith is confused and  vapid--basically, his idea is that the object of faith is irrelevant, which  kind of overlooks the natuerr of faith along every standpoint, from human  psychology to grammar (we have faith *in* something).  None of it is  offensive, because in the end, it's not saying anything.  To be  *theologically* offensive, you need a great work, like Last Temptation of  Christ.t.
B00000JCOV|1.0|What the hell is this noise pollution? I don't care what you people say but these guys have made a bad attempt at trying to create a &quot;Korn meets Deftones&quot; sound. I know, all you &quot;so-called&quot; hardcore  metal fans out there will dispute this and say &quot;you just don't know  what you're talking about&quot; but c'mon, let's keep it real. It sounds as  if Slipknot are just trying to go for some guitar speed record. I have to  admit, some of the songs show signs of brilliance and good melody but then  somewhere along the line they ruin it with unneccesary screaming and  tuneless speed guitar riffs. Don't get me wrong, I like heavy riffs and  screaming, ala Deftones, but this just does not go over well. I can't wait  til the new Deftones comes out. Until then, I'm going to get some more  Advil.
B00000JGOH|4.0|Purists who turn up their noses at Shakespeare in Love don't know what they're talking about - or rather, don't know what they're missing. This was, after all, written by Tom Stoppard, author of some of the very best  plays of modern times (Arcadia, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead - the  latter filmed with Gary Oldman and Tim Roth). He's done a splendid job of  balancing accessibility with genuine wit. The screenplay is littered with  allusions to the bard's works, and gives some great - albeit hypothetical -  insights into how and why he wrote. <br />Beyond that, in true Shakespearean  style, we are offered the \\"play within the play\\" - in this case Romeo and  Juliet. Excellent editing gives us just enough to convey the mood of an  Elizabethan performance, leaving us wanting more.  This film does a great  job of broadening the appeal of the most popular writer.<br />And don't miss  the topical in-jokes - the \\"cabby\\" rowing the boat, and especially Glenda  Jackson saying she knows what it's like to do a man's job (she plays \\"M\\" in  the Bond movies). Bill S. would have approved. High praise indeed.
B000003S5H|5.0|This the perfect chill-out CD, one of the best of all time. The music is very fluent and easy on the ears. I like to put this in my car when I'm driving late at night, or if I have some buddies over and just relax.  Anyone who has a chilled-out side and likes atmospheric and cinematic music  should definitely check this CD out. You will not regret it, I assure you.
0446310786|5.0|&quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; was one of the best I've read.  At first, looking at the cover when it was assigened at school, I thought it would be another boring book for English class.  As the days went on, we  were assigned cirtain chapters to read each night.  i found myself reading  ahead without even noticing.  I felt like I was in the court room with  Scout and jem.<br />This heartwarming tale tells the story of Scout and Jem  growing up in a small Alabama town called Maycomb.  While their fater,  Atticus, is appointed to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accued of the  rape of a white woman, the family is coulght up with the racism of the  town.  The children also make an new friend next dorr at the Radley  household.  This somewhat strage friendship turns out to be a life  saver.<br />I think that everyone should read this book because it show many  characteristics of human nature, some that are horribly overlooked by  society
B000031XCR|1.0|i cannot believe she's already bregnanat by her husband, i thought that i would have the chance to get with him, but she just broke my heart.
B000002L9M|5.0|Without a doubt this is the greatest album of all time and in any genre.  I admit I'm biased -- Depeche Mode is my favorite group.  I have listened to this album, literally thousands of times since 1986 (I was 12 at the  time of it's release).  Fourteen years later, it is still as fresh and  innovative as it was when it was released.  Martin Gore is a force to be  reckoned with and the brooding synth mystique and emotion the band creates  is the life blood of synth-pop.  Hail to Black Celebration, I believe it to  be Depeche Mode's defining work!  It has been as much a part of my life as  any album can possibly be.  I own three copies of the album, one for the  car, one for the office, and one for home.  Depeche Mode are masters of  their art and musicians for all time.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|this is by far the best cd ever!   I love Rage!   this is probably one of the best cds i have heard for a long time.
630575067X|3.0|There was a palpable sense of frustration on emerging from theatres when Phantom Menace was released. A whole generation of young men (and some women) had waited a lifetime for the follow-up from 1970s prodigy George  Lucas. Tragically, Lucas used his artistic freedom - which would have been  the envy of Chaplin or Welles - to create a glossy children's film rather  than a worthy successor to his original trilogy which can truly be said to  appeal to all ages.<br />That said, don't believe those who say that this  movie is \\"only\\" about special effects. The look and feel is in many places  majestic, and the visual references are inspired. Witness the influences of  African art, classical architecture, legends of Atlantis, great movie  moments (Ben Hur, Metropolis) and more. Add to this a whole series of story  elements which, sadly, are greater than the sum of their parts - such as  the explanation of how a corrupt bureaucracy allows a peaceful trading  federation to slide into an oppressive dictatorship - and you have a flawed  but fascinating piece of entertainment. <br />In any  case, you need to own it  for the lightsabre scenes - the best fencing choreography ever filmed.
6304675348|5.0|When Scream 2 came out in theatres, I rented this movie. I was in shock, I had never seen such a GREAT movie before in all my life! The cast, dialogue, special effects, and direction are all UNTOUCHABLE! This is the  best horror movie OF ALL TIME! Never lets you down and always makes you  laugh! See it or you lose out on the greatest film acheivement of the  '90's!
B000031XCR|1.0|i cannot believe she's already bregnanat by her husband, i thought that i would have the chance to get with him, but she just broke my heart.
6300271439|5.0|I love Madonna's music, so naturally as a fan this fascination spills over into her movie career as well.  If you are after a movie that you can just relax with after a hard day on the job and view over and over at your  convenience, then you would enjoy this movie.  Madonna plays this silly,  goofy, carefree character that you just got to love.  It features slapstick  comedy so if you've been using your brain too much today or just want a  good laugh, then this is your movie, and what a contrast to Evita's  seriousness hugh?
B00001NFCY|5.0|this is the best cd ever though the best creed songs&quot;young grow old&quot; and&quot;is this the end&quot; . This ablum towers of MY OWN PRISON! the best cd ever!
0790729601|4.0|Previously I owned the laserdisc version of this film, and was impressed by the quality of the image and sound of that disc. The film itself is nice entertainment, with Arnold Schwarzenegger in good shape. Visually and  technically this film is very good, filled with all kind of technical  gadgets. There has been paid much attention to the quality of camerawork  and imaging. Also, there are some nice sfx, especially in the scene where  they have to cope with a few alligators broken loose from their cages.  Playing the DVD did please me much, for it's quality is a bit better than  the laserdisc I mentioned before. Image quality is very sharp en steady in  color reproduction, which cannot be stated for every DVD production, as I  know from experience. The DVD sound is impressive, with great clarity in  the whole sound image and a nice output in the lowest frequencies, when  needed. If you like Schwarzenegger action-movies you probably should own  this one, but since the disc is exemplatory in quality, you might want to  own it anyway and add it to your action genre collection. A great disc!
6304938276|1.0|I'm not going to lie, the only reason I saw Scream was because MASTER P was on the Scream 2 soundtrack. I liked it. So I was really anxious to see this movie. I bought it when it came out on video because it was from  DIMENSION and all. They make those PHAT Children of the Corn movies. So I  saw it, and it reaked. The opening scene was REALLY good and the movie  itself was a LITTLE scary, but there wasn't anything else good about it. It  wasn't funny at all. It just had this stupid dialogue and some psuedo-gory  murders. SKIP IT! Rent Children of the Corn V instead.
B00004LN16|5.0|I was somewhat hesitant about buying this cd because I was disappointed by the overall effort of Ballbreaker.  I've been listening to these guys since I was 15 years old and saw Bon Scott carrying Angus on his shoulders at my  first concert in 1979.  I suppose I'll buy anything they put out.  Their  albums are always predictable, but wow, what an album Stiff Upper Lip is!   I put this on a par with Back In Black.  I was genuinely excited on the  first listen and it just keeps getting better.  If you're an AC/DC fan, you  have to have this disc.
0451169514|5.0|Perfect. My favorite Stephen King book. My #1 all time favorite biook all together. Very Kewl!
B000009QPE|2.0|While this isn't a bad CD, it's just not that great.  I would have give it 2.5 stars if I could have.  Of course Lombardo is drumming incredibly fast and powerful, and the guitars are blisteringly fast and heavy.  Tom Araya's  vocals are not all that great, just shouting.  Of course as brutal as these  songs are I can't really picture the vocals being any other way. But it's  too much of the same thing, not a whole lot to set each track apart from  the others. I think Seasons blows this one away.
6305171769|3.0|I bought this video RIGHT when it came out. I thought it had to be better than 6 because it had Jamie Lee Curtis from the first two in it. The opening scene was EXCELLENT! When I saw that, I thought I was in for  another Scream. I wasn't happy with all the lameness sandwiched in between  the beginning and the end, but I was BLOWN AWAY by the EXCELLENT finale! I  can't wait to see Part 8. Just kidding.
B00000J7S8|4.0|A wonderful singer and even better pianist, Krall enthralls!  She breathes contemporary life into a genre overlooked by the younger generations today.  I heard one of her earlier CD's, &quot;All For You...Nat King Cole  Trio..&quot; in a record store in Paris in '96, and I was hooked for good.  If it is time for you to rediscover jazz, this is the CD (and artist) to  start with.
B000000W8C|4.0|I bought this well after Urban Hymns. It's a good album, but what makes it interesting is that you can hear it as a precursor to Urban Hymns. The production is awful, as mentioned in another review, and the lyrics are  less, well, lyrical. But then preference is a personal thing.
B000002C1X|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD, I LISTEN TO IT ALMOST EVERYDAY!  iT IS PACKED WITH SO MANY MEANINGFUL MESSAGES AND ROGER WATERS IS A MUSICAL GENIUS.  NOTHING EVER WILL BE LIKE THE WALL.  THIS IS A MUST BUY, FLOYD FANS ROCK ON!
B000021XR5|5.0|STP's No.4 is one of the most underrated and underappreciated albums of all time. From my first listen i fell in love with this fine piece of music.This album dosnt contain the singles that other STP albums had but it  is the best STP from start to finish in my opinion.
6305627401|5.0|Razor-sharp satire!  In satirizing the Movie Musical they actually create one superior to its satirized targets! It is insanely profane, but the profanity serves the  movie's purpose of  satirizing political correctness  and America's floundering morality and sense of responsibility in our  &quot;blame everyone but ourselves&quot; society.  Many have argued that  the profanity and graphic content were too excessive, but Matt Stone and  Trey Parker already know that sometimes you have to hit Americans on the  head with a sledgehammer to get their attention.  Any less profane or  graphic and the movie would fall victim to the political correctness and  knee-jerk censorship it parodies.  You don't have to love or even like this  movie to &quot;get&quot; the message, but if you don't &quot;get&quot; it  then you may well be part of the problem.  (No offense, those of you with  no sense of humor...)
B000002LFZ|5.0|Hey well I just wanna say that I am 17 years old and this is possibly one of the best cds I own. I mean, my Mom listened to Fleetwood Mac so I FAINTLY remember &quot;Don't Stop&quot; but I gotta say that &quot;Hold  Me&quot; has quickly captured my attention and I can't take it off repeat.  If I love it this much, I am sure that the faithful fleetwood fans will  enjoy it even more!
B000002MP2|5.0|Dookie is some of Green Day's best work. It's different than most punk albums. It's not just some guy tappin' on a drum while another guy is blabbing words you cant even understand. Dookie is an alternative/punk  album. Green Day's great guitar work makes their albums good alternative.  Every song is a winner (except the hidden track 2 minutes after F.O.D. but  that doesn't count, it's Elmer Fud or something going &quot;all by my  self&quot;) Dookie is one of my favorite CD's. I recommend it to everyone  who likes a good rock album.
079213690X|3.0|Braveheart is essentially Rambo or Lethal Weapon set in thirteenth century Scotland.  It is yet another case of Hollywood re writing history in and stepping on everyone's toes.  The portrayal of the English as cowardly  sadists is nothing short of racist.<br />However, if you do not mind being  thoroughly patronized by big budget and rather pretentious action films,  this could be for you.
B000002UJQ|5.0|When Radiohead put out the Bend and OKComputer I was still too busy listening to Where Did You Sleep Last Night by that Seattle-Aberdeen-Banks-of-the-punk-rock band. But when I finally snapped  out of it I found the best albums of the latter half of the nineties.  I  actually bought and started listening to OKComputer first and still  consider it to be Radiohead's crowning achievment. This album is BETTER  THAN DARK SIDE OF THE MOON. It somehow manages to be grandiose without  displaying any pretensions. The guitar work is light-years beyond David  Gilmore. In fact, ther are moments on this album when the guitars seem to  speak in tongues.Broken down into individual songs some of the lyrics make  sense (I think) but I sure can't find a concept here.EVERY SONG ON THIS  ALBUM IS PERFECT. Some days I feel so good about this album that I almost  want to rank it above my favorite album ever--Nevermind. Airbag contains so  many fragments of sound that it may be impossible to identify them all. The  drums are chopped, looped, sampled. The guitars are tremolo-picked, echoed,  cold. The bass part is schizophrenic. Thom Yorke's vocals sound uneffected  yet somehow attached as an afterthought. Is he singing about death, birth,  rebirth, the irony of technology that proctects us from technology, a  near-death experience? (All this in a song with 2 short verses and a one  line chorus)There is more than the first song to this album but I feel you  must hear for yourself to appreciate this classic which received very  little airplay here in L.A.Let Down is my favorite but an argument could be  made for any song on this cd.Do yourself a favor and listen to Happiness Is  A Warm Gun by some 60's band from Liverpool then listen to Paranoid Android  and see how the idea to combine three different songs into one took thirty  years to perfect.     So don't be uptight. This music is only for people  who are willing to really listen.
B00003IPFK|5.0|Not a man to use many superlatives, Lonesome Dove, for my money is the best of the long form TV dramas. It's a superlative story (unfortunately not found in many of Larry McMurtry's other works) and patiently delivered,  never forced, the tale blooms.<br />Could there be any more memorable  performances than Tommy Lee Jones as Woodrow Call and Robert Duvall as  Augustus McCrae? The strength of the characters combined with the skills of  these actors, provides a marvelous experience for us. We are indeed humbled  in their presence.<br />With each tale of this epic, we meet wonderful new and  diverse characters, delivered by such outstanding performers as Diane Lane,  Danny Glover, Frederick Forrest, Chris Cooper. Even the on again, off again  types, the Barry Corbins, the Glynne Headleys, the Robert Uhrichs, the  Anjelica Hustons, all shine in their roles.<br />Robert Duvall many times has  commented on how lucky he was to be blessed with the opportunity to play  Gus, indeed it is us who are the lucky ones.<br />1001 plaudits to director  Simon Wincer, who indeed, caught lightning in a bottle with this wonderful  effort..
1573227978|4.0|I think that Alex Garland deserves some credit for creating a work that criticizes and keeps the interest of the reader. I could not put this book down and the fact that so many other works that attempt to correct  mankind's vices are dull and without flavor made me appreciate what Mr.  Garland was attempting to do. It is essentially a work of fiction and any  or all inaccuracies should be overlooked as products of the work of  fiction. It is true that some of the chracters were simply in the book to  fill space, but overall the reader was dissappointed when some unfortunate  incident happened to any of the characters. The book accomplishes its point  that there are things that need correcting, especially the excessive pride  and ethnocentrism that most people have. Definitely needs to be read. I  will not present myself as an authority or as an intellectual, so my review  may be null and void.
0425129586|5.0|I thought this was a great book.  It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.  I love this author and I am definintely going to read more of her books.  The ending totally blew me away, I didn't know who the killer  was until the last page.  If you want to read a good mystery book, this is  the one for you.
B000002TQV|5.0|With no more Nirvana, who would have thought that any band could have provided any dignity for guitar rock. The Bends does just that and helps fledgeling Fender strummers feel there's still some validity to having  blisters on their fingers.      Fake Plastic Trees is BETTER THAN CREEP.       The guitar riff which begins Just is so addictive and simple (Finally  someone besides Kurt figured out how to play a barre chord). And somehow  the song actually gets better as it goes along. That deceptively simple  beginning riff is added upon, fragmented, abandoned and finally handed over  to the best use of a pitch-shifting pedal ever.     My Iron Lung is too  creepy to describe. It switches between two great ideas so seamlesslessly  and yet sends a jolt at the same time.     The other standout track from  this album is Street Spirit--a Thom Yorke tour-de-force which employs the  rest of the band as back-up musicians.      The entire album is listenable  if not jaw-dropping like the aforementioned songs.     If you like this  album you may or may not like the even more experimental OKComputer which  is one of my favorite albums of all time along with the Bends.
6305750750|2.0|I gave this movie two stars for the beautiful special effects in the movie. I saw it twice, being a huge Star Wars fan but just could not enjoy this movie. Awkward plot line(what are they doing anyway! )annoying  characters(jar jar)and dead pan acting really disappointed me. Darth Maul  was fascinating but again he only had five lines in the movie!  Die Hard  fans of course will say this is the best Star Wars ever, but I have to  disagree...
B000001ZSF|5.0|Chronologie is the 11 CD &amp; it's like Oxygene &amp; Equinoxe. The CD was the 1 st in the TOP10 of France &amp; U.K in '93. If you are a New age listner, you must have this CD ...
0385493800|4.0|This books was what I expected it to be. When I read Grisham, I have an expectation that I will like the book. Once again he did not fail me. His characters jump off the page; like or hate them, you at least feel them.  While most are critical about the ending, and I admit I would have liked  'more', I think Grisham weaved his magic once again. He wants us to come  back for more. &quot;More&quot; defined by him would not be a sequel; just  another Grisham novel!
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  Kevin Smith is a great director.  Ben Afflect and Matt Damon star as angels trying to get back into heaven.  They are helped by a demond, Jason Lee.  Linda  Fiorentino is the person sent on a quest to stop total destruction, by  stoping the angels.  She is aided by Salma Hayek, Jason Mewes, Kevin  Smith(Director), Alan Rickman, and Chris Rock.  You'll laugh a lot, buy it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I often wonder what is the underlying essence of a great album(even further a great band for that matter).  To me(and I believe many others), it is the albums' ability to touch you in a way that nothing has.  A great  album tends to expand all 4 dimensions of yourself(mind, soul, heart(or  emotion), and spirit) into greater and unknown boundaries.  This is what  the truly great album OK Computer(and again the band Radiohead) does.      The album is sequential in the sense that a kind of story unfolds from  beginning song(Airbag) to the end(Tourist).  Whether Radiohead meant for  this I do not know, but this is how I interpret it.  If the album is played  on random or out of order you do not get the continuity as you do if you  listen to it in order. It has been compared to Pink Floyds' -Dark Side of  the Moon and I think fairly for a few reasons.      One reason has already  been stated and that is the sequentiality(and subsequent continuity) of  both albums.  Second is the content of the albums.  Both are seen as  pushing musicals genres and boundaries.  I do not think anyone with any  kind of music sense can argue that they are both unique in their content.   Last is that the bands themselves are English and have both been perceived  as somewhat non-conformists in music and in life in general.       Through  the first few listens to this album it is hard to comprehend.  Then you  reach your own threshhold, and it screams, moans, whispers, and whales at  you with awesome intensity.  You begin to hear all kinds of different  musical genres on the album.  There is punk, hip-hop, jazz, acoustic rock,  folk, pop rock, contemporary rock, and just plain old Radiohead rock that  has become fairly recognizable.  This album is arguably the best album of  the 90s and should be in the top 20 ever recorded.  I cannot wait until  there next album and I hope to someday see them live.  If you have not  listened to Radiohead before you should check them out.  They are one of  thefew bands in the 90s that refuse to sell out and conform to commom  cultural and musical norms.  It seems to me that they just want to create  music, play music, and live life out of the limelight.   Not worrying much  at all about fame or fortune, unlike the rest of the musicians, and society  in general
B00004RFFL|2.0|The movie seemed like an extended, somewhat glossier version of an Outer Limits episode. Not that bad but not enough substance for a full length movie. Pretty predictable.And then there those obvious references to an  older, classic horror film....The location? Ms. Theron's hairstyle? I must  agree that this is THE worst film I've ever seen Mr. Depp be part of! If  you're in the mood for an OK TV show, you won't be too disappointed.
0671015206|4.0|Anyone wanting to get rich should read this book.  It has one sure fire way of getting rich: hard work and thrifty.
0312243022|5.0|I read The Hours just after finishing Mrs. Dalloway, and I was drawn in. Every sentence is perfect, and there are sub-themes and symbols running through the book that kept me thinking. The book itself was based loosely  on Mrs. Dalloway, but it stands on its own as a book about the terrible  fears of inadequacy we all face, and the importance of small moments and  dear memories in our lives.
B000002KIK|3.0|'Never Say Die' is the longest album the original Sabs put out. Clocking in at over 45mins, it should have contained more rock; the only problem was that the boys were just collapsing at the time of its recording. <br />   The  title track is nice and fast but very simple, almost as if Sabbath were  trying to compete with punk at the time. 'Johnny Blade' is easily the  hardest rocker here - six and a half minutes of very fast, irate string and  drum kit bashing, aided only by a little synth. 'Shock Wave' is cut from  the same cloth although it's weaker in structure but still passable as  standard fare, middle-era Sabbath tunage. 'A Hard Road' is the other hit  from the album. Consider it a jazzed-up ballad. This is Ozzy at his  pre-independence best. <br />        The remainder of the LP is a half-boiled  hodge podge. 'Breakout' is raw jazz, 'Swinging The Chain' is a bizarre  fusion of blues and hard rock that Sabbath hadn't attempted before and 'Air  Dance' is where they dare to do the same with cocktail music (! ). Of  these loser tracks, only 'Junior's Eyes' is worth salvaging because of its  deep-reaching lyrics. <br />    In damning this album to a 3 star or lower  status, it's crucial to comprehend that the cohesive powers that had once  held the Sabs together had totally disintegrated by this point. Ozzy had  already tried to leave once, and, after a continued spate of drug-taking  and despondence between the band members, he would leave again.....for  good. The troubles show up on the album's sound so listen without  prejudice.
B00004LN16|5.0|What I love about AC/DC is they stick to their guns album after album.  This formula continues to work.  This is a very good AC/DC album.  Much better than BALLBREAKER, there 1996 release.  I own everything they have  ever done, and this is good.  They are the only band that still plays good  old fashoined hard rock-n-roll.  Every song has that classic AC/DC  unmistakable sound.  I highly recommend it to you.  You will not be  disappointed.  10/12 are really good...two barn burners, but I'll let you  decide.  Thanks again, Angus, Malcom, Brian, Cliff, and Phil.  See you on  tour!
B000002KKS|5.0|Ozzy Osbourne, as integral to the old Sab sound as he was, could definitely not have even hoped to keep up with the speed on this record. It's wrong to say that Black Sabbath was left in the lurch circa 1979 by  Osbourne's forced departure because there's absolutely no evidence of a  strained or rushed sound in the new lineup.<br />        Ronnie James Dio and  the three surviving Sabs were a match made in, er.... Heaven (?). Dio's  vocal delivery on 'Neon Knights', 'Die Young', 'Lonely is the Word',  'Children of the Sea' and the title track is staggering. This was the mark  2 refurbished Black Sabbath that far outshines any of their future lineups.  'Neon Knights' and 'Die Young' are extremely fast hard rockers and both  will make your fingers hit the rewind/back track button on your portable  player. 'Heaven and Hell', 'Children of the Sea' and 'Lonely is the Word'  are very strong long pieces which sometimes veer into power ballad  territory and  each of these is a winner. Of the remaining three tracks:  'Lady Evil', 'Wishing Well' and 'Walk Away', only the latter two really  constitute filler for the LP but even at that, they're far from being flat  and boring.     Bill Ward departed the band after the supporting tour for  this album; the drug and alcohol abuses he was sustaining proved to be too  much. On the next album, 'Mob Rules', Vinnie Appice would step into the  fold but there's no drop in the standard of the playing on that LP. Of  these 2 studio albums featuring Dio on vocals, 'Heaven and Hell' packs more  punch and value melodically. There's a fresh, crisp taste of mythology and  fantasy on 'Heaven and Hell' that the band hadn't really revealed since  'Master of Reality', almost a decade before. 'Heaven and Hell' is a superb  mix of demon-talk and new-style speed metal that certainly helped Sabbath  stay afloat in the floodwaters brought on by the New Wave of British Heavy  Metal. Put it this way, 'Heaven and Hell' needs to be bought fifth in your  Sabbath collection, right after 'Black Sabbath', 'Master of Reality',  'Volume Four' and 'Paranoid'. In fact, the overall feel to this release is  quick to put many of Sab's earlier works to shame (my allegiance to Ozzy  won't let me name names here). Face it - this is driving music; get it and  rock hard to it.
630438551X|4.0|i remember the day my friend jennifer sat me down and told me i would fall in love with leonardo dicaprio if i watched this movie. she was inlove with the whole movie, and of coarse made me watch it. the minute it began.. the  movie just kind of jumped at me.. the color, the sound, the whole thing.  everything was alive in this film... the actors were amazing. it was  beautiful  and intresting to see a new take of romeo and juliet. i admit, i  was very much into the movie... i loved many of the love scenes because  they were alive.. and romantic in a new way. when ever i watch this movie..  i always cry at the end... it's bitter sweet. claire danes is great in this  movie... and it really is fasinating to watch. when romeo's and juliet's  eyes first meet. i think most girls can say, including me, that we felt  like saying &quot;awwwwwwwwww&quot;. but it's true :)
B0017HMF6W|5.0|Hyperbole aside, this Blu-ray is a triumph in film restoration.    I imagine that the last time \\"North by Northwest looked this good was when it was originally released in 1959. For the first time we get a video transfer that reproduces the rich color and texture of the 1950s Technicolor dye-transfer process -- colors are luxuriously warm. The high definition transfer offers an amazing level of detail -- you can see the fabric texture of Cary Grant's suit. The overall effect, is that it looks like a 35mm film is being projected on my TV screen.     Some people have claimed that the original DVD release looks better. These claims are simply ridiculous. Yes, the DVD version was brighter, but it was too bright. Case and opening is the opening credits. In the DVD release the green is so bright it's almost neon. The DVD was one of the first films that Lowry Digital restored; Lowry admits that their early efforts removed too much grain and and left the image too bright -- they made the restored image look like HD video. The \\"Citizen Kane\\" DVD is similarly problematic.     The Blu-ray also boats more accurate color than the DVD. In the crop dumpster scene on the DVD you can clearly see that the transfer has too much red -- notice how red the sky is. There have also been complaints that Cary Grant is still too tan. Given that the color is more accurate, and everyone else's skin tones look correct, I suspect he really was that tan and/or wore too much makeup.     We can only hope that when Universal releases their Hitchcock films on Blu-ray that they will looks as good as \\"NxNw.\\"
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit is my favorite band of all time. This CD is so awesome. &quot;Break Stuff&quot; is my favorite song, &quot;No Sex&quot; is another great song. All the songs on here are pretty cool, and its a great band,  along with KoRn, Orgy, Godsmack, Incubus, and all the other ones like  this!
0451169514|5.0|Stuttering Bill, a brave young boy, always knew there was something wrong in the small, little-known town of Derry, Maine.   It all started with his mischievous brother George's murder. Over the years a whole slew of  children from all over Derry had been found mysteriously missing, and in  some cases, dead. Some dark force was sucking the life from Derry and only  Bill and his friends could stop IT. Through their battle to fight this  creature their worst fears are manifested into reality. I would not  recommend this book to children below middle school age or those with hear  troubles because IT will terrify you beyond belief. IT is probably the best  novel of any genre that I've ever read, and definitely the most horrifying!  I would give this book five stars... just one bit of advice, read it with the  lights on!
B00003IPFK|3.0|Lonesome Dove has been given a fine presentation on DVD. This is not to say that the film looks spectacular. In fact, when comparing it to its original broadcast (via an EP taped version of the original show), the  picture seems to be missing about 10% of the original's image on both sides  of the screen and about 10% at the top (although the DVD shows more picture  image on the bottom.) This is mild carping as the film was shot for  television. As I stated earlier, the picture is fine. So, if you love  Lonesome Dove as I do, purchase this DVD. It looks as good as it ever has.
B00003XACV|5.0|Most original soundtrack I've heard in YEARS. Without this music, the movie would have had nowhere near the emotional effect that it did. It captures the emotions of the characters so well. Some are gentle, some are  sporadic, just like the songs from the soundtrack. My favorite is the song  played in the bathtub dream sequence, with the mandolin...
B000002P5R|4.0|Regardless of whether this was pieced together or not, &quot;First Rays...&quot; is a masterwork. It marks (or rather, would have marked) Jimi Hendrix's progression as a rock artist. The songs that comprise this album  are heavily influenced by the funk and soul of artists like Curtis Mayfield  and Marvin Gaye. The evidence of this comes across crystal clear in songs  like &quot;Drifting&quot; and the title track. Hendrix clearly doesn't  abandon his roots, as evidenced by the raucous opener, &quot;Freedom&quot;  and the heavy-hitting &quot;Dolly Dagger&quot; and &quot;Ezy Ryder.&quot;  As per usual, there is another classic blues interpretation, this one a jam  with friends from Greenwich Village entitled &quot;My Friends.&quot; This  is a great album from a fantastic musician. I can't lament his death  enough. This album needs to be in every true rock collection, along with  &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot; and &quot;Blues.&quot;
0790733897|5.0|but a factoid- the Mustang GT they used was HEAVILY modified in the engine department, no great suprise, but the main reason being the Dodge Charger it was competing with easily blew it away speed-wise. McQueen did some of  his own driving on the film, but a lot of the crazy stuff was handled by a  full-time stunt driver. Don't believe me? Check out Motor Trend on the  subject
B000006CCG|5.0|I really like this album. It may seem cheesy but it is 100% real rock and roll. Every song on this masterpeice is simply bursting with Raw Heavy Metal energy. My favourite songs on this album are 'Hellion', 'Animal', 'I  wanna be somebody' and 'School Daze'. The guitar work is great on this  album, Chris Holmes is a great guitarist. All the songs are very well  written, Blackie Lawless is a materful METAL songwriter who writes music  that should be listened to at MAXIMUM VOLUME.<br />This album come highly  recommended.
0062511408|5.0|Un amigo muy especial me regalo este libro, nunca imagine que al leer este libro me hiba a cambiar la vida tanto, la manera de ver la vida y de seguir mis sueos.  Haora me encuentro buscando mi &quot;Historia Personal&quot;.    Grasias Freddy!
0140186409|5.0|This book demonstrated the cruelty that we, as human beings, can demonstrate on one another. But, it also shows the perseverance of a strong family to maintain the family life. Steinbeck brought out the reality of  life in this book that we can still find going on today. This book could  easily be held up as a major reason for the downfall of the human race.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Dave Mustaine's legacy in Metallica is evident on every album that hallowed metal band's recorded right up to about 1991, and Mustaine's own band, Megadeth, reaches its absolute peak on this, the band's first  platinum seller.<br />&quot;Symphony of Destruction&quot; began the band's  transition from ambitious long songs (like &quot;Hangar 18&quot; and  &quot;Holy Wars&quot; from Rust in Peace) to shorter, more concise riff  monsters.  Mustaine's nasal voice sounds better than ever here, oftimes  recorded in multitrack harmony, and though his lyrics are a cause for  doubt, the music more than makes up for it.  The harmonized, razor-sharp  precise guitars on &quot;Skin of My Teeth&quot;, &quot;Foreclosure of a  Dream&quot;, &quot;This Was My Life&quot; and the album's best track,  &quot;Countdown to Extinction&quot;, are jaw-dropping, melodic without  sacrificing metallic power.  &quot;Countdown to Extinction&quot; also shows  that Steve Vai-style flying fingers aren't always necessary in a metal  solo; in four bars of carefully composed notes and crystal-clear guitar  tone, Mustaine and lead guitarist Marty Friedman create a ferocious,  sophisticated, and compelling interlude (that silly, Chinese-accented  voice-over aside).<br />Countdown to Extinction showcases Mustaine, Ellefson,  Friedman and Menza at their best as songwriters and instrumentalists, and  in the process went down in the books as a pivotal release in the declining  1990s metal scene.
B00004LN16|4.0|There are certain expectations to be had of each and every AC/DC album: solid rhythms, in-your-face guitar riffing, and rasping vocals delivering simple lyrics written to be shouted at top volume by arena crowds.   Throughout a 25+ year journey across a constantly shifting landscape of  musical trends and one-hit-wonders, AC/DC's standard formula has served  them well, establishing secure, dependable ground with their fans.   At the  same time it has left them easy targets for the slings and arrows of music  critics everywhere.  AC/DC fans and critics alike approach each album  expecting one thing: more of the same.  As to whether this hold true for  their first new material in five years, the answer is yes...and no.<br />The  songs on &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; are a shot to the collective jaws of  those who have written this band off as being all sound and fury.  Long  known for a style that's over the top, most of this album sneaks in under  your radar.  &quot;Subtle&quot; is not a word associated with AC/DC, but  it's the perfect way to describe the minimalist style that makes this album  so infectious.  The music is deceptively simple.  Cliff Williams and Phil  Rudd keep their traditional metronome time on bass and a pared-down drum  kit, yet infuse each song with it's inevitable drive forward.  The pulse on  tracks like &quot;House of Jazz&quot; is the backbone that keeps your head  bobbing along from start to finish.  Angus and Malcolm Young are at the top  of their game, with some of the band's most innovative riffing since 1988's  &quot;Blow Up Your Video&quot;.  Reminiscent of 1986's &quot;Who Made  Who&quot;, the clean guitar work on songs like &quot;Hold Me Back&quot; and  &quot;Can't Stand Still&quot; stick in your head long after you've shut off  the stereo.  From song titles like &quot;Can't Stop Rock 'N' Roll&quot; and  &quot;Come and Get It&quot;, one can assume that the lyrical content is  exactly what we've come to expect: sex, sex, rock and roll, and more sex.   &quot;Damned&quot; is a diversion, with its criticism of the current  American climate of &quot;everything's bad for you&quot;, but for the most  part the lyrics are business as usual.  The same goes for Brian Johnson's  vocals.  To say that he is raspy, growling, and often unintelligible are  not criticisms when discussing this man.  Johnson will never be hailed as a  great singer, but his style is perfect for the sleazy, backroom groove that  flows through this album.<br />&quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; is the perfect  bookend to 1985's &quot;Fly on the Wall&quot;.  That album raged out of  your speakers like a bull, with every level cranked to &quot;11&quot;.   Coming from the other end of the spectrum, &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot;  comes slithering out of your stereo like a snake.  This is jazziest piece  of work the band has ever produced, to the point where you can almost hear  the horn section that should have been punching things up in the  background.  One trip through these songs is not enough to realize the  level on which AC/DC has succeeded with this offering.  The proof is when  you wake up in the middle of the night with the groove from &quot;House of  Jazz&quot; or &quot;Meltdown&quot; going around and around in your brain.   Where most AC/DC classics win you over through sheer volume, &quot;Stiff  Upper Lip&quot; wins out through style, subtlety, and an understanding that  less sometimes really is more.
B000002JR8|4.0|The good thing about Pantera is that it realizes the efficacy of power and weight can easily surpass that of speed and noise.  Loud and brutish as Far Beyond Driven is, it's also musical, well constructed, and passionate --  many a speed-metal band would do well to learn from Pantera.  Phil  Anselmo's vocals are influenced by thrash and punk, but they always keep to  the realm of singing, not belching (most thrash-metal singers fall victim  to constant, boring yowls); &quot;Dimebag&quot; Darrell's riffs are  carnivorous and driving, never overplaying to the point of overwhelming the  groove and the singer, and the production is crisp and merciless, waves of  sound crashing over the listener.  And on the Black Sabbath cover  &quot;Planet Caravan&quot; Anselmo and co. show that they can play as  melodically as the next band, a deft showing of versatility that eludes  most extreme-metal bands.<br />Far Beyond Driven is deserving of praise and  respect, and powerful on terms that are entirely its own.
0679805273|5.0|Oh, the Places You'll Go is about a man who was going on a journey and it says at the beginning &quot;You have brains in your head, you have feet in your shoes, you can steer yourself in any direction you choose.&quot;  You  should read this book because I read it and loved it.  The night after I  read it I dreamed that I was that boy and I went to all these places he  went.  You will see in this book all the places he can go and you can go,  too. I think anyone who reads this book will like it.
B000009QPG|3.0|Slayer's schtick can be a lot of fun in a brainless, headbanging kind of way -- shrill electric guitars, marauding riffs, growling vocals singing almost cartoonishly bloody lyrics.  Over a whole album that tends to wear  off, leaving only the exhilarating beats of drummer Dave Lombardo as a  positive note.<br />On a few songs Slayer sounds like the most powerful metal  band alive.  The derailed-train riff and dynamics of title track  &quot;Seasons in the Abyss&quot; represent probably some of the best  excuses for adrenalized headbanging I can think of.  On &quot;War  Ensemble&quot;, though, dumbo lyrics written with minimal skill are mixed  with too fast a beat so that it comes off sounding stupid and rushed, while  on &quot;Dead Skin Mask&quot; an evil guitar figure and Lombardo's  memorable drumming are offset by bassist/singer Tom Araya's boyish,  &quot;look-how-tough-I-am&quot; vocals and shock-tactic lyrics that jar  with the rhythms of the song.<br />Sketchy album; good for when you're in a  violent mood, but seriously impoverished in the brain department.
0316920045|5.0|Clever.  Hip.  Difficult? Yes. Worth it? Absolutely.    The setting: near future.  The subject: an elite tennis academy, Quebec-separatist terrorists, and a drug rehabilitation halfway house become entwined in the search for an avant-garde movie that's so incredibly entertaining that viewers become unable to do anything at all besides watch it.  The plot takes quite awhile to  start to come together (hundreds of pages), and the lack of certain central info can be quite befuddling (i.e., a narrative gap of an entire year's events). Reading through the other reviews, it seems that this atypical narrative arrangement seems to be the cause of some unrest. All i can say is: sorry boys and girls, the days of exposition, rising action, climax, and  denouement are long gone.    A postmodern masterpiece.  Quite possibly the best novel of the 90s.    Read it.  Love it.  And for god's sake use 2 bookmarks.
B00000K31Q|5.0|and so is the rest of the cast in this updated version of Taming of the Shrew.  The chemistry between heath and julia is great.  the movie is a standout among all the high school prom movies that came out last spring.   heath ledger is almost too cute to play the alterna-bad boy stereotype, but  it works for him.  one of my favorite parts was when he sang on the  bleachers.  it's the way high school romances should be-always sweet and  puts a smile on your face when you think about it.
B00004R99L|5.0|Like Dumbo, this DVD was released in Europe (DVD Region 2) in 1999.  Although neither as deep or as dark as the original book, the transfer to screen is remarkably good.  In its own right it is more imaginative and  adventurous than most of the major Disney animations.  However, like all  the other Disney animations to date on DVD, there are no extras.
0684872153|5.0|I just finished reading this book last night and have given it to my friend to read.  We are both sophomores in high school.  Even though I did not go through what Frankie did I can still relate to many parts of the  story.  It was serious, funny, and emotional all in one.  I defintely  reccommend this book for high school students to read for a literature  class...you wont regret it!
6304711891|4.0|...But be sure the neighbors aren't home!  This DVD (with the possible exception of &quot;Apollo 13&quot;) has been the closest thing to the movie theater experience in the genre.  My home theater system was BOOMING.  A  great digital transfer complements and showcases this action  thriller.<br />You've read the synopsis so I won't bore you with my critique  of the screenplay and acting.  However, superb casting, a twinge of reality  play by Nick Cage, a captivating Ed Harris and the evergreen suave presence  of Sean Connery carries the cookie-cutter script playfully and  effectively.<br />I came short of giving the film five stars only because of  the &quot;Die Hard&quot; formulaic aspect of the film; a collection of  hostages, weapons-savvy terrorists and the everyday Joe who saves the day.   Otherwise, the movie is chock-full of memorable special effects, one-liners  (Connery's annecdote of the &quot;prom queen&quot; is spectacular) and  Director Michael Bay's talented use of atmosphere to tell the story.  All  of these aspects make &quot;The Rock&quot; a welcome addition to my DVD  library.
B000006NPY|5.0|I was never a big pumpkins fan. The only song I ever liked by them was 1979. However, I am the biggest Adore fan in the world!  The pumpkins old stuff doesn't even compare to this. Every song is great, especially  &quot;Appels and Oranjes&quot;. I hate the fact that these old pumpkins  fans have 2 second attention spans and need instant gratification. To all  of those who dumped on adore, it was because you didn't take time to listen  to each song and notice the unique characteristics. This album is timeless,  and is the pumpkin's only hit in my opinion. (Also check out Machina. I  like that one too.)
0805062971|5.0|I am a 12 year old and I thought Fight Club was one of the best books I have ever read. It introduced new ideas and concepts to me. Once you get at least 50 pages into the book you will not stop reading it. I am glad I read  the book before seeing the  movie.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|London Calling pulls off the task of blending a variety of musical styles to the state of perfection. From the reggae/ska-influenced &quot;Revolution Rock&quot; and &quot;Rudie Can't Fail&quot;, to the rockabilly &quot;Brand  New Cadillac&quot;, to the straight-out punk of &quot;Hateful&quot;, London  Calling is perfect from start to finish. It might take a while to get used  to, but this will quickly become a favorite of yours. Pick it up ASAP if  you don't already have it.
0790729989|4.0|If you like scary movies, crime stories, or just plain freaky stuff, you will love Seven. It has a great cast including, Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt as the two detectives chasing the twisted killer. Gweneth Paltrow as  Brad's wife (who has a more important part than you'd think). And last but  absolutley not least Kevin Spacey as the serial killer himself, John Doe.  Spacey has only about 20 to 25 minutes screentime, but he delivers one of  the best performances in his career (next to The Usual Suspects and  American Beauty). Spacey's John Doe will definately go up there with  Hannibal Lecter and Keyser Soze as one of the best movie villans ever. The  movie is wonderful because it never does exactly what you think it will  (expecially in the ending wich will give you chills for days). So see the  movie and the next time you feel Greed or Envy think twice.
B000003N7G|5.0|When I hear so-called smooth &quot;jazz&quot; by Kenny G and others, I think of how none of their material can ever compare to this. A Love Supreme is amazing from start to finish. John Coltrane puts all of his  soul, feelings, and emotion into his music. His style on the saxophone is  aggressive, beautiful, and breath-taking. This is one of the best albums in  all of music period and needs a space in your collection.
B000002VCW|5.0|Kireviewer - please stick to your Brittney Spears cds. Don't enter into the historical realm of a real musician and brilliant writer. (See review below) What is Lord Grenville? Get serious. It's an historical recreation  of a real ship, in war time, which was facing many enemy vessels and  instead of retreating - fought bravely to the death. &quot;We won't be back  again... won't be back again.&quot; Year Of The Cat is like a beautiful  painting, each song a wonderful real-life historical story. Just the title  song alone is such a masterpiece of modern music and poetry. &quot;She goes  strolling through the crowd like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime... She  comes out of the sun in a silk dress, running like a water colour in the  rain.&quot; That's my favorite, but the smuggling ship in &quot;On The  Border&quot; is a close second. &quot;The ghost moon sails among the  clouds... turns the riffles into silver, on the border.&quot; I wish there  were more caring musicians like Al Stewart and his under-rated guitar  playing. Don't forget to listen to the great Peter White's beautiful  guitar. And the lyrics are absolutley unheard of today. Quality  unprescidented.
0070016798|5.0|This book is one of the best written books I have. This book is well-organized, clearly written and easily understood. Each chapter contains a road map to keep the reader well aware of the proper flow of  ideas and concepts.
0833552929|4.0|The Joy Luck Club was an enjoyable book.  It gave me good insight on how the old traditions conflicted with the new ways.  The mother and daughter relationship was tested to the extreme, which i can relate.  I however,  found the book hard to keep up with because it changed moods and scenery  often.  Overall, the book was good but the movie was even better.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma, the latest in Kevin Smith's series of movies featuring Jay &amp; Silent Bob is in my opinion his best film! Dogma is a brilliant comedy and play on religion, complete with masterfully written dialogue which is Kevin  Smith's best trademark - except for Jay &amp; Silent Bob of course!
0783223358|2.0|The Lost World - O Mundo Perdido - segue-se ao Jurassic Park. Deixando de lado o aspecto tecnolgico no sobra nada na fita. As duas estrelas so atribudas exclusivamente pela tecnologia empregada. Nada mais.
B000001FV1|5.0|Traffic followed the excellent John Barleycorn Must Die and Low Spark Of High Heeled Boys with this equally remarkable recording.  The band was filled out with the addition of Blind Faith's Rick Grech on bass, Derek and  the Dominos Jim Gordon on Drums and Nigerian percussionist Reebop Kwaku  Bah. As a result, the sound is full with a significant jazz and  African-percussive influence.  Each of the compositions are strong if not a  wee bit bleak lyrically.  Still this is an inspired set, one that stands  the test of time well. Highly recommended...Simon
B000002H33|4.0|Even though I've listened to Metallica on the radio the past ten years or so, it wasn't until last year that I really started getting into them.  First was &quot;Garage Inc.&quot;, then &quot;Justice&quot;, followed by  the Black album, the Loads, and of course the magnificent  &quot;S&amp;M&quot;.  It was the performances of &quot;Master Of  Puppets&quot;, &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be,&quot; and  &quot;Battery&quot; on &quot;S&amp;M&quot; that prompted me to get this CD.  That and the fact that everyone was saying this was their best CD ever.  Anyways, this is definitely different from the Metallica of today!  They've  definitely put alot of energy, passion, and speed into these songs to say  the least.  Sure the Metallica of today may not sound like the Metallica of  back then.  But then again, back then, when they were in their early 20's,  I think they definitely had much more sheer energy, drive, and  determination to do what they wanted to do.  What I'm trying to say is that  the reason &quot;Puppets&quot; may be their best one is because they were  probably at their peak (in terms of the drive and energy, and not  creativity).  Now that they're in their mid-30's, it would seem that  Metallica may be a shadow of their former selves.  But you know what?  I'm  glad they only made one &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; instead of recording  the next so many albums like &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; (I think people  would get tired of hearing the same old thing, wouldn't you?).  And this is  the one!  As for their subsequent releases, well, I'm glad for the  direction they chose to pursue.  Even the Loads are good!
B000001FUZ|5.0|This recording began as the first Steve Winwood solo album.  Following the departure of Dave Mason from Traffic and a short run with Blind Faith, Winwood decided to go into the studio and try his hand alone.   Before  completing the sessions, he decided to ask fellow Traffic bandmates Chris  Wood and Jim Capaldi to join him in the studio.  As a result, this became  the first recording of a terrific new direction for the band. Unlike it's  predecessors this album drew more heavily from jazz and soul influences.   The trio setting works well as each cut is dead on.  Traffic would go on to  mine this vein further and produce the most creative and significant music  of their career (see Low Spark Of High Heeled Boys, Shootout At The Fantasy  Factory, On The Road and When The Eagle Flies).  Highly recommended...Simon
1558807381|2.0|Stunning visuals with little behind them, &quot;Legend&quot; is a prime example of why Hollywood doesn't make many fantasy movies.  The story is classic: an innocent maiden accidently disrupts the balance of good/evil in  the world and it's up to her boyfriend to save her.  The script is  simplistic and naive while the acting for the most part is fair, if nothing  to rave about.  Tim Curry as the Prince of Darkness is thoroughly  enjoyable, hamming it up quite a bit for the role. Fans who enjoyed Curry  in &quot;The Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot; will certainly enjoy it. The  visuals, scenery and special-effects makeup make the film worth renting  because the movie is bascially eye-candy for fantasy fans.  Of course, all  the glitter in the world (and there is a great deal of glitter in the  movie)won't make up for a weak script and annoying, stereotypical  characters.  The best part of the film is the soundtrack by Tangerine Dream  which evokes all the magic and mystery the movie itself aims for and  ultimately misses.
0790733900|5.0|No matter how many times I watch this movie, it will always be my favorite.  This is the essential Paul Newman movie.  Luke is the perfect Everyman; someone with whom we can all identify.  He finds the best in  every situation...while in prison, he does not dwell on the negative, but  passes the time lightheartedly.  While doing this, he also shows the  despair of prison life.  Combining these two elements is difficult, but  Newman perfects the combination and creates one of the best movies of all  time.
B000035Z3K|4.0|First things first: there HAVE been better adaptations of the Stoker story (see my review of BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA)!  Bela Lugosi is fine in the title role but it's not a character that gave the actor much of a stretch.  He  was largely picked for the Broadway play that this film is based because of  his own heritage being remarkbly similar to the infamous Count's.  When the  film was cast and the great silent film star, Lon Chaney, Sr. (Universal's  first pick for the role) died it left the role without an actor.  As the  commentary and documentary on this DVD relates, several other actors were  considered, including Paul Muni and Conrad Veidt (THE CABINET OF DR.  CALIGARI).  But finally the studio decided on Lugosi.  A wise move!  He and  Dwight Frye give what are easily the best perfomances here!   And Although  Lugosi gave one other great performance on film, Ygor in SON OF  FRANKENSTEIN (in this reviewer's opinion, his best work) he definitely  leaves his mark on the character of the Transylvanian count.  Very seldom  has a actor been so strongly identified with a role. Dwight Frye is also  excellent as Renfield!  He is so convincing you believe his insanity every  moment he is on the screen.  Because of these features the movie warrants a  3 and a half star rating!   However, the technical areas of this film are  somewhat poor.  At times the pinspot lights on Lugosi's eyes are way off  the mark.  Although the early scenes in the Count's native country are very  atmospheric, once the action moves to London, the film borrows heavily from  the stage play both in content and staging.  The result is a very slow  moving and talky production with only Lugosi and Frye to recommend  it.<br />When it was decided to release this film in DVD format, MCA had an  abundance of material to choose from and include.  Fortunately for us they  didn't leave much out.  Besides the usual commentary (here very dry and  lacking in spontaniety) and an interesting documentary, there arethree  count em', three versions of the film.  First you have the original  familiar version.  It looks better than it has ever looked.  Unfortunately,  the soundtrack leaves something to be desired.  Whenever there isn't  dialogue or sound effects it is extremely scratchy sounding.  The second  version is a unique addition indeed.  A new score by Philip Glass has been  dubbed over the largely musicless original track.  Although not always  effective, and at times obtrusive, it is an original and interesting idea  which might be explored further in other DVD editions of early sound films.   The third version is actually a different version of the same script.   When DRACULA was made in 1931 a fairly common practice was filming a  separate version in another language, usually Spanish.  This idea was used  to great effect with DRACULA.  It's inclusion on this DVD makes it easy to  compare the two versions.  Not surprisingly the Spanish version is  far  superior.  The acting, staging and technical qualities make the Lugosi film  look amateur in comparison.  And thanks to some caring preservation the  print used is in excellent condition.  Releasing it with the other features  on this disc was a fantastic idea.<br />So if you are looking for the  definitive edition of DRACULA, look no further.  This Count has found a  permanent home on DVD!
B00000J6AG|5.0|i  didn't  know  MOBY  and  hear  a  song  in  a bar &quot;honey&quot; it  was  so  fun , i  was  shop  this  cd  and  i  listened  and  the  others  songs. it's  perfect! i  love  MOBY
B00003XB8K|5.0|This CD is awsome.  I love track one.  It totally picks you up and puts you in a better mood.  I have never bought an enigma CD.  I liked it but not enough to buy one.  When I barrowed this from a friend I didnt want to  give it back.  To me this is the best CD enigma has released and I hope to  see more come.  To me music is an important part of everyday life and this  CD will be part of it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|i  didn't  know  MOBY  and  hear  a  song  in  a bar &quot;honey&quot; it  was  so  fun , i  was  shop  this  cd  and  i  listened  and  the  others  songs. it's  perfect! i  love  MOBY
630018160X|3.0|I pretty arbitrarily gave this three stars, as I didn't even finish watching this film.  I just thought I would warn any fan of &quot;Nights of Cabiria&quot; that regardless of this film's own strengths, it is a pretty  painful experience if you have seen and loved &quot;Nights of  Cabiria&quot;.  Sorely lacking in poetry...  Much though I like Shirley  Maclaine, there is no way to compare her performance to Giulietta Masina's.   Honestly, this film offended me pretty deeply, though I doubt it would  have had I not seen the source first.  Simplistic, to say the least, but  then it's a musical isn't it?
B0000028M7|4.0|I was really into &quot;grunge,&quot; if we must call it anything, when this album was released.  DIRT is one of the few albums from that period that still stands up today, and not just as a period piece.  It's very well  structured-- this was a day when bands actually cared about the whole  album, not just singles.  Another neat thing about this album is the  difference between Jerry's and Layne's songs.  Jerry is responsible for the  &quot;radio&quot; songs, like &quot;Rooster,&quot; &quot;Down In a  Hole,&quot; and the like, while Layne's songs are full of dissonant chords,  obscure but very harsh lyrics, and tricks all round.  Between the two,  they're very different, but this is brutal, compelling, honest music.  It's  too bad a lot of the lyrics are coming true for Layne, because I'd have  liked a few more albums like this one.
B000001DQI|5.0|THIS ALBUM HAS IT ALL!  ELTON REALLY SHOWS HIS PIANO PLAYING TALENT ON THIS ALBUM.  IT'S CLASSIC ELTON.
B000002H70|5.0|This was the album that got me (and a lot of other people) into The Cure.  You've heard &quot;Love Song,&quot; &quot;Fascination St.,&quot; &quot;Lullaby&quot; and &quot;Pictures of You&quot; on the radio, and if  you have a heart, you liked them.  So did I, and that's why I bought the  album... and was just blown away by the sound, the songs, the lyrics, the  voice.  Every song on here is a classic, that really stands up against any  song, anywhere.  I almost feel bad recommending particular songs, but  &quot;Last Dance,&quot; &quot;Prayers for Rain,&quot; &quot;The Same Deep  Water As You,&quot; &quot;Disintegration,&quot; and &quot;Untitled&quot;  are absolutely flawless songs, perfect in every way.  Buy BLOODFLOWERS  because that will keep the group on the radio, but after you do, you must  own this album.  Even if you aren't a Cure fan, you must own this album.   Except for THE SOUL CAGES, I can't think of another album that I have liked  this much from the first time I heard it until now.  Take this one to your  desert island.
B0000024SI|5.0|This album STILL sounds as great as it did back in '65. But don't try to analyze it; just check into how you feel after listening to it--that's all that ever counts anyway.
6305358613|3.0|This movie is proof of the flawed Oscar system.If you have a British costume drama about  someone from Victorian or Elizabethian times you are sure to be nominated for an Oscar.Now Cate Blanchett is a great actress and  this wasnt a really bad of a movie but the historical inacuracies are  obvious to anyone who has studied this subject to minimal degree
B000002AD0|5.0|I disagree with the &quot;professional&quot; (see Bateman, above--or rather, don't see)--THIS is the Santana I fell in love with in high school, THIS album shows the fire, the chops, the consummate sense of the music.   It may be &quot;of&quot; its time, but I believe it's timeless.  The new  album is good, sure, but NOTHING for me beats &quot;Santana&quot; or  &quot;Abraxas&quot; (first 2 albums).  But this one complements them  nicely, and shows the pure joy of making (what was then) a new sound  without regard for its commercial possibilities--and LIVE!  If you like the  early stuff, get this earlier stuff.  If you like the new stuff, this is  better!
0783225849|5.0|What cant one say about this movie.All the cast was brilliant.The shower scene is one of the most famous in history.Good example for a charecter study movie
B00003OSSL|4.0|I saw this movie in October, and was frustrated and disappointed. Pollack seemed a better actor than director in this, and Harrison Ford's performance appeared unnecessarily flat. (I am not a fan of Scott Thomas -  she is so one dimensional and delivers every line exactly the same way.  Can't help but wonder what results might have been possible with different  casting.) <br />I watched the DVD of Random Hearts last night. This is not an  easy movie, and the pacing is very deliberate but there is more depth to  the Dutch character than I thought.   Ford took a real chance playing a  character who is so difficult to relate to, someone who is so confused,  betrayed and depressed. But it is his character's inability to resolve this  situation that makes him seem more real, rather than some stock character  who recovers from a shock in ten pages or less. Kay Chandler seems almost  too efficient in her ability to cope, a curiously non-endearing side of  her. Some of her best scenes are in the cabin where she recognizes that she  is a different woman (humor, tenderness) when she is with Dutch. He is the  vulnerable character and she is the strong silent one - is it the gender  reversal that we find disconcerting?<br />Of course I love Ford as Indiana  Jones, but give the guy a chance. Watch his eyes and listen to his voice  and see if you understand how much of a struggle he is having. <br />A good  screen play could have made the acting effort more profitable. And I hate  the jazz score - whose idea was that?
B00000J7J4|3.0|After hearing this all I have to say is why Carlos why.Most of the people on the album such as Rob Thomas  Dave Matthews and Eagle Eye Cherry really suck.There are some bright spots like the song with Mana and maria  maria,although why was Wyclefs background commentary in that.Him saying  westcoast eastcoast sorta cheapened the song
B000002MIY|4.0|First of all, I don't quite understand why this is a Donald Fagen solo album....perhaps because most of the songs were written solely by him. But Walter Becker is here too, and the classic Steely sound is definitely  intact. A worthy follow-up to Fagen's classic &quot;Nightfly&quot; release  (from 11 years before! ), this album boasts stellar production (by Becker),  brilliant musicianship and catchy songs.<br />Donald Fagen's wry, sardonic  vocals were never really Steely Dan's strongest asset (although his vocals  are Steely Dan's most recognizable feature); on &quot;Kamakiriad,&quot;  however, Fagen's voice is richer, more relaxed and self-assured,  particularly on the verses of the excellent &quot;Tomorrow's Girls.&quot;  &quot;Snowbound&quot; (which was co-written by Fagen and Becker) is also a  stand-out (check out that weird video!), and both &quot;Florida Room&quot;  and &quot;Countermoon&quot; are insanely catchy. Although the concept of  &quot;Kamakiriad&quot; doesn't quite measure up to &quot;The  Nightfly,&quot; it does prove that Donald Fagen and Walter Becker are  masters of their craft. And if it takes ten to twenty more years for these  guys to record new material, it'll definitely be worth waiting for.
B00001NFCY|1.0|Bands like Creed are a prime example of why alternative music is dead.They just took a style of Seattle bands and ripped it off and marketed it too the masses.Although to be fair there are dozens of bands in the past 5  years that are fake too such as Days Of The New,Live,The Nixons,Staind etc.
B00000JCOV|5.0|If you need some music to release your anger to Slipknot is the band for you.  With songs like &quot;Spit It Out&quot; which deals with anger directed towards others as does &quot;Only One&quot;, your sure to be able  to turn the other cheek quick and easy.  So listen to the intense music  that keps your heart pumping util the music stops.
B00004RFFL|1.0|The movie trailers pretty much covered everything that there was to see in this movie.  The premise is not much different from the dozens of already made movies about aliens and mating season.  The actor's performance left a  lot to be desired.  There was no chemistry and no magic.  The writing was  poor and the filmmaking was just a notch above amateurish.  I highly  recommend you pick up something else even if you like Depp - this will be a  huge disappointment.
B000001A3H|4.0|I discovered this album quite by accident owing to the ridiculous underadvertisement of this band.  Kyuss show on BFTRS that they can shimmer and roar with equal ferocity. For an album to be worth five stars it must  contain power, vitality and origonality. BFTRS has all of these in great  abundance. The only reason I have for not giving it five stars is that  there arent even more tracks on it. You hunger for more every time you hear  it.    Many have tried to classify Kyuss and many have tried to compare  them. Although the deep rumble of their bass and the power of their groove  is arguably rooted in Sabbath, the sheer scale and beauty of melody of the  songs of Kyuss is beyond compare. The only word I can find to describe the  band is desert. If you picture the first rays of the desert sun spreading  across a plane of dunes and sand, as the opening hum of &quot;Thumb&quot;  commences. Then you know the sound of Kyuss. Pure arid beauty.
B000002H70|5.0|i've always had trouble picking favorites until i heard disintegration. this is my absolute favorite cd in my collection. there aren't enough words to describe it...disintegration contains the most subtley beautiful songs  so soft and somber...so deep and painful...it's like a slow riot. robert  smith is truly an amazing wonder...i love all of the cure's records but  disintegration will always be the one i go back to. all of you cure fans  can probably relate...those of you who aren't yet aware of what this band  can do..get disintegration..and obsession won't be too far away..
B00004HYLF|5.0|this ALbum is Great.the Music is so Magical it's Unreal at times.the Musicianship on here is Incredible.Stanley Clarke,Lenny White,Al Dimeola,&amp;Chick Corea. four of the baddest Musicians ever in any form of  music.this Album is a Landmark in Style&amp;sound.this is one of the  baddest Fusion albums ever.The Solos alone make it worth getting.Chick  Corea took his playing to a hold different Level.Miles had to be Proud  hearing this ALbum.albums such as this leave you speechless.
B00000J7J4|5.0|My first exposure to Santana was at Woodstock (the real one guys, not the pseudo-event, non-sequel wannabe &quot;events&quot; that been going down since), so I'm not a new fan. His music flowed then, but now . . . even  better. &quot;Supernatural&quot; is supreme. I bought it for myself a few  months ago and have to retrieve the CD from my kids car or stereo when I  feel the need to listen to it. An execellent colaboration of artists with  the same mindset, a soulful piece of work that I hope is followed soon by a  comparable colaboration. Seasoning it with guest artists gave just enough  flavor, adding a new twist to Santna without overpowering or loosing the  original essence of the group. Nicely done, I want more.
067960085X|5.0|I love this book and I love its main character, Holly Golightly. Although I enjoyed the movie, it can't be compared to the book. The characters are so realistic you can almost touch them and the story is so simple and yet  so rich, I can't imagine anyone not liking it.
B00004LN16|4.0|Brian Johnson is the best rapper of all time yo!  Nobody can bust a phat beat like him.  He sounds a lot like Puff Daddy.  Malcom Young's afro is totally chillen too!  I thought Bon Scott was rhymin' and stylin', but this  is da bomb!  If your down with Snoop Dog, you gotsta try Stiff Uppa Lip.        Word.
0679720200|3.0|Two strangers, sitting at the same table in a restaurant one evening for dinner.  They only encounter one another because there is a lack of available seating, yet the direct contrast between them is beyond  comparison.  These two people are Monsieur Meursault and the women who  becomes known to him as \\"the robot lady\\"; two characters in The Stranger by  Albert Camus.<br />     From the moment the robot lady enters the scene,  it becomes clear to the reader that she exists solely to give contrast to,  the protagonist, Meursault's character.  Her personality immediately exudes  organization and regularity as she scans the menu, orders her food all at  once, and immediately calculates the bill, plus tip, and places it on the  table.  During the meal, she proceeds to decide, in advance, what radio  programs she will listen to each day of the coming week.  Meursault  describes her as having \\"a voice that was clear and very fast at the same  time.\\"  He also notices that her movements are \\"jerky\\" and \\"robot-like\\"  turning her into the epitome of everything he isn't.<br />     Unlike the  woman he is seated with, Meursault does not exude any form of organization,  and is certainly not one to go about preplanning his life.  His character  is easy-going and almost lethargic at times.  He lives each moment for what  it is and even edges on the point of hedonism.  While the \\"strange little  woman\\" makes her way through life with \\"incredible speed and assurance\\",  Meursault is content to spend an entire day peering out of his balcony at  the world below.  <br />     It can be inferred that the robot lady would  have a hard time accepting change or any sporadic event that chanced to  disrupt her lifestyle or her schedule.  Meursault, on the other hand, could  care less about change.  In essence he is absolutely indifferent to  anything and everything that does not relate to his five senses.<br />      Yet Meursault and the robot lady do have one small thing in common:  regardless of how they live their lives, they both live them only for  themselves.  The robot lady took no note of Meursault at the table, and  though her peculiar nature temporarily aroused his interest, Meursault soon  forgot about her too.  This overlooked aspect is what ties the robot lady  into the theme of the work.  The world is indifferent Meursault later  discovers, and just as his life meant nothing to this woman, to the  existentialist mind, his life means nothing to the uncaring world either.
0671027344|5.0|this is probably one of the best books i've ever read. i can relate to it so much. once i started i couldn't stop reading. i recomend it to anyone
1878424114|5.0|I enjoyed Chopra's work a great deal and feel as though the guidance offered through the Seven Spiritual Laws will aid me greatly as I follow my path toward the future.  However, I have a suggestion for people who read  this book.  <br />We cannot find success by only focusing inward.  I think the  book under emphasizes how important it is to have outward looking  strategies for dealing effectively with people.  An exciting new book that  I recommend, is WINNING WAYS: Four Secrets for Getting Great Results by  Working Well With People, by Dick Lyles.  Lyles' principles are nicely  aligned with Chopra's and I think the two books taken together present an  especially powerful way to approach life.  More important, WINNING WAYS  provides powerful outward focused strategies that I missed in the Chopra  book.
0465068359|5.0|After reading the reviews of other readers, I believe that everyone has mistaken the true importance and value of this book.  Most readers speak of its historical inaccuracy or that we must learn to stop these events from  ever happening again.  The true meaning of this book is to report or at  least touch upon an event that has not received the attention it deserves.   We must learn to accept the fact that the RAPE OF NANKING was an incident  that showed us how cruel humans can be and that we are all responsible for  this.  This book cannot be compared to other historical atrocities nor  should it be.  The Rape of Nanking was indeed a holocaust and the fact that  we are all fighting over insignificant details only shows us how pathetic  and pitiful we are.  Only through the process of acceptance can we truly  understand and question why this event ever occurred at all.
B000002LQD|5.0|On &quot;Magic and Loss,&quot; Lou Reed once again digs inside himself with all the fatal fervor of a junky prodding a needle in his arm. He also shows that rock'n'roll is a fine vehicle for growing up, growing old, and  dying. A melancholy, painful album, part regret, part sentiment, part  loneliness and contemplation, this is a very personal statement during a  period when Reed lost two friends to cancer. It's not an album you can put  on to play in the background--few of Reed's albums are. Listen to it while  you're in a reflective, downbeat mood--it draws you in, shows you sights of  beauty and sadness, and leaves you with a ray of hard-won hope. Stand-out  songs include &quot;What's Good: The Thesis,&quot; &quot;Magician:  Internally,&quot; &quot;Dreamin': Escape, &quot;Cremation: Ashes to  Ashes&quot; and &quot;Harry's Circumcision: Reverie Gone Astray.&quot; In  one moment of honesty, a character says, &quot;Doctor, you're no magician,  and I am no believer... I need more than faith can give me now.&quot; Ouch.  These are not the same old platitudes... Lou Reed explores not just the  terminal illness of disease, but of life itself.
6304457391|5.0|I saw this film in theater, because this was the first novel I had read in English.  Though We japanese have different constitution, this film attracted me very much. Col. Casey's charactor seems somewhat different  from novel's one. In novel he was close to ordinary citizen tightly tied to  his family, so it was great for him  to dare his carreer and betray? his  boss to follow constitution. So confrontation between douglas and Lancaster  is only in film not in novel. The address of POTUS was well prepared and  good performance I'd ever seen.
B000002J1M|5.0|This is the first true Genesis masterpiece (Nursery Cryme being plagued by poor production). It contains the classic 'Supper's Ready', the 23 min. epic that epotimizes early Genesis, containing incredible dynamics,  intricate song structure, raw power and emotion. The best Genesis song  ever. All of the rest of songs are excellent too, containing the classics:  Watcher Of The Skies (the perfect opener) and Get 'Em Out By Friday. Two  unterrated greats: Time Table (a bit flat, but one of the most intricate  Genesis songs) and the great Can-Utility And The Coastliners (A masterful  blending of acoustic and electric driven by exclent melodies and ending in  a wonderful crescendo). An exclent place to start with Genesis, although a  little less accessible than Selling England. A MUST HAVE for Genesis and  other prog fans.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This is a really good disc, but I realize that for most of the people who bought it, its their first purchase of Santana and they bought it because they heard Smooth on the radio.  This disc is good, but its nothing  compared to Santana's stuff from the 60s and 70s.  Listen to that stuff and  this sounds weak.
B000002J1L|5.0|This is the first album with the 'classic' Genesis lineup in place (Peter Gabriel, Tony Banks, Phil Collins, Steve Hackett and Mike Rutherford). This album suffers from poor production which is reflected in a lack of full  dynamics which affects all songs. This by no means make them sound bad;  just not as perfect as they should. Plenty of nonsensical lyrics based on  fantasy makes this a fun listen compared to the more serious Foxtrot and  Selling England. 'The Musical Box', 'The Return Of The Giant Hogweed',  'Harrold The Barrel' and 'The Fountain Of Salimacs' represent this best.  All classics with superb instrumentation. 'For Absent Friends' showcases  Phil Collins' first lead vocals. 'Seven Stones' and 'Harlequin' lack the  creativeness and power of the other four greats, and are therefore  overlooked by most, but are still not terrible. A classic album, but should  be purchased after Foxtrot and Selling England.
B000002V07|4.0|I found Mazzy Star's second album to be very cloudy and drifting...in a good way. It's probably not the kind of music you would closely listen to, moreover a mood setting album which allows it's listeners to feel a sense  of seductive daydream and relaxation.
B00001NFCY|1.0|Oh you poor misguided creatures that think Creed is some sort of &quot;band.&quot; Creed is plagued by several problems. For one, they have some of the most mundane, boring, contrived lyrics, and Scott Stapp  oversings them with an empty passion. He tries really hard to make you  think he's passionate, but he's not very convincing. Second, Stapp sounds  too much like Eddie Vedder and it comes off as stale.<BR><BR>There's  nothing about this band that is anything close to original. Like I said  before, the lyrics are nothing short of dull and they sound like poetry  from an inept high schooler. I keep hearing constant praise of  &quot;Higher.&quot; Maybe the one I heard was different, but how many times  have you heard someone in a song say &quot;Can you take me higher&quot;  anyway?<BR><BR>All of you Creed fans out there...do yourself a favor and  pick up Fuel's Sunburn album. It's a great album, but the songs  &quot;Sunburn&quot; and &quot;Hideaway&quot; are the ones you need to  listen for. Both of them are what Creed would sound like if they had any  talent or conviction. There are plenty of better, more original bands out  there. Fans of Creed may be amazed at how many bands surpass  them.<BR><BR>Creed very well may get better in the next few years, but for  now they'll be &quot;My First Rock CD&quot; for countless 12 year olds.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is the best book I have ever read. To give it 5 stars is not adequate. The average is 4.5 because a few people gave it 4 or &lt;gasp&gt; lower. Almost everyone gave it a 5.      Ender Wiggin is a child genius.  The government has put a moniter on Ender to see if he can go Battle  School. The moniter comes off, and he goes to Battle School. There he does  better then anyone else, and is promoted quickly.       OSC does a great  job of creating the character, and you grow to love Ender. After reading  Ender's Game, read Speaker for the Dead (sequel). It is an excellent book,  and continues the story of Ender.
6305718954|4.0|I loved this movie! I can understand why a lot of Catholics wouldn't though. The film portrays the Catholic church in a most unflattering light. I read one reviewer who wondered why the Catholic church would speak out  against a film like Dogma and not this film...Easy answer, the St. Thomas  gospel is a very real document discovered in 1945, and rest assured the  Catholic church didn't want to speak out against this film because they  didn't want it to receive any more publicity than it was already going too,  and they had no real argument as the document is real and does exist. The  church(and not just Catholic ones)are a multibillion dollar industry, and  if people were to go by the words of Christ himself in the St. Thomas  gospel, then church's around the world could stand to lose a lot of support  and money. &quot;The temple of God is inside you, not in mansions of wood  and stone, split the wood and you will see me, lift a stone and you shall  find me&quot;<br />Understand?
B00003CWPQ|4.0|Too many people are going to be drawn to this film because they think it is supposed to be overly &quot;sexy.&quot;  The most beautiful parts of the movie will be lost on those people.  The lighting and cinematography are  first rate (as you would expect) and the secondary characters are beautiful  in their own human way.  The two prostitutes, while representing the  beginning and ending of the &quot;career&quot; are still sweet, caring  women.  Nicole Kidman gives an Oscar-worthy performance.
B000000XB9|5.0|OK, let's make it quick.  Some people might just want a copy of &quot;Proud Mary&quot;.  If that's you, you can probably find it on a compilation somewhere.  Some people are hardcore CCR fans.  If that's you,  you probably should pick up all their CD's, and save this one for last.   The rest of you - buy it.  If there's anything to nitpick (and I had to  look hard), well, we didn't *really* need all 11 minutes of &quot;I Heard  It Through the Grapevine&quot;, and yeah, they should've put &quot;Born on  the Bayou&quot; on here, but that would've made Volume Two completely  inferior.  Enough.  Stop reading and buy the durned thing.
0515127485|4.0|Yes, this is a good book. That means it is readable story. Where is exceeds most is the taut, cold atmosphere of urban Russia and the Icy desolation of the Siberian countryside. The story's twist is a nice  one.<br />The book I think is a little too quick. The story seems to run away  from itself with the reader playing catch up. There are also a couple of  uninteresting and irrelevant sub plots involving the Russia intelligence  units.<br />In England Archangel was greeted with massive critical acclaim. I  think it was a bit overdone, but it's a compelling, well researched read.  Even if he rips off the idea from &quot;Boys from Brazil&quot;
B000000WCV|3.0|I'm not a huge electronica/dance/techno/what-have-you fan, but I do dabble.  If that's you, you might like this album.  The songs are reasonably catchy, and you may even find yourself humming them the next day  (I'm thinking &quot;Da Funk&quot;).  However, I found the album over-long  (I start losing interest around &quot;Oh Yeah&quot;) - fine for the  dancefloor, not so good for your living room.  Also, the  &quot;shout-out&quot; song, which is a quick (?) litany of people who are  &quot;in the house&quot;, is particularly annoying.  But for the most part,  it's quite listenable and fun.
0440234743|4.0|As with all of Grisham's books he starts well and manages to keep your attention to what is essentially a predictable conclusion.<br />The first two chapters hooked me, with his effective writing style. The story maintains  my attention with careful precision without ever being brilliant.<br />The  characters are the strength of this novel. You get to love them and loathe  them.<br />In short, you keep reading, now that can't be a bad thing can it?
0790729342|4.0|even though the movie is as almost as old as I'am I still thought is was a good movie lots of action not alot of special affects to make it look unreal just plain and simple action.
B00004KD1L|4.0|I've been waiting months for a great CD like this one. Came to me on the advice of a clerk in a CD store and low and behold Groove Armada show up  on the new Madonna Soundtrack album for &quot;The Next Best Thing&quot;. If  its good enough for Mo its good enough for me and this CD has kept the  groove on in my pad for a week now. Love the live horns and the range of  these guys musical infulences. Not quite as good as the new 5+ star CD from  Presence but a darn good second place.
6305627401|5.0|This movie, is sick, ruthless......and FUNNY! When I heard of the bad words, I thought whoa! I walk out of the theatre and said, i've heard worse! You will laugh yourself sick...as sick as this FUNNY movie is!
0451191153|5.0|you know those college essays that ask you to name the book/person/event that changed your life?  i would honestly write that essay about this book.  It forced me to reevaluate everything i knew: about me, my strength and  worth as a person, my society, my values, and on and on.  After reading the  Fountainhead I felt i had a better sense of who i am and what's important-  i strongly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in self  discovery or just a thought provoking novel.   in addition, it is superbly  and cleverly written, and the least astute of readers will understand  Rand's cry to take up the standard of independence and shun the falseness  of society.  read this book, it conveys the message so much better than i  can.
6305662371|5.0|THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE SCARIEST MOVIE EVER IN THE HISTORY OF HISTORY'S SCARY MOVIES! FOR IT'S TIME IT IS UTTERLY FRIGHTNING! I PROBALEY SHOULDN'T SEEN THE BEHIND-THESCENES BEFORE I SAW THE MOVIE! I WOULD HAVE BEEN A LITTLE  MORE SCARED!
B00003TL18|4.0|I'm not an Orbison &quot;Fan&quot;, though I've always loved &quot;Oh pretty woman&quot; and somehow liked &quot;Crying&quot; after discovering it last year; I never thought much of his voice on my &quot;best of&quot;  compilation, nor, generally, am I into his kind of music. But when surfing  the cable a few weeks into the millenium, I stopped in on the latter half  of a Roy Orbison concert: D--n, he sounded good...no, g-r-e-a-t! Pipes like  Jackie Wilson's best ballads ...again, I'm not a &quot;Fan&quot; of Wilson,  but he had an exceptional voice.      Today I had a chance to sit down  undisturbed and see the whole video. It was worth the time; it's live, the  musicians and singers' faces say they're having a great time, Roy is  singing great, the 5 guitar pickers have a great time jamming on several  tunes; one can believe that this might be a &quot;happening&quot;, but  professional restraint keeps things from going too far, and Orbison always  remains the focus. In fact, quite unexpectedly,  throughout everything is  pretty tasty. I'm an older musician (mainly Swing and dixieland, little bit  of classic 50s rock'n'roll) and lead two old music bands, so I really  appreciate all these professional and aesthetic aspects.     I don't care  about the recycling issue--though unless music is recycled, how will the  younger generations be able to hear and buy it? I accidently came upon the  video: it had so much that wowed me on second viewing that I simply had to  look for the CD; I'm grateful it was recycled...
0790731479|5.0|Day-O, I sing it with the movie! &quot;That is why I won't do two shows a night, I won't!&quot; Beetlejuice! You will laugh, little kids could be frightened but other than that, buy it write now if you want big laughs,  big scares, and big fun!
B000000WA4|2.0|Although this is not without it's good points (most notably Tonight, Tonight), I got really tired of hearing the mid-30 year old Billy Corgan whine about about how bad his teen angst is.  Someone tell Billy-Boy to  pull the gun away from his head and smile a bald smile every once in a  while.  If I want to be depressed, I'll just watch the news.  Decent  musicians, tiresome pissing and whining
B00000K19E|4.0|THE MATRIX IS ONE OF THOSE MOVIES YOU HAVE TO SEE ABOUT 6 TIMES TO FULLY UNDERSTAND! GREAT ATING, ACTION, SPECIAL-EFFECTS, SLOW MOTION SEQUENCES!
B0000029LG|1.0|i want to make it sound`s of my compute
0399143904|5.0|Action.  Excitement.  This book has it all.  This book is about a group called Rainbow.  Rainbow is a group that stops terrorists and rescue hostages.  The members in Rainbow are highly trained and come from all over  the world.  This book has a lot of action and is very exciting.  The detail  in this book is amazing and makes you feel like you are in the book.  All  of these things make this book very interesting and good.  This story also  has a very well written plot.  The book takes you on very realistic  missions that will excite you.  All of these things make this book one of  the best I have read in years.  I enjoyed this book and I think other  people will enjoy it too.  I would recommend this book to people that enjoy  action books, because I believe that this book is very exciting and action  packed.
0140288503|5.0|I haven't read the book, just the sypnosis, but I know enough that &quot;exciting&quot; and &quot;interesting&quot; aren't the words to use to describe what happened. It was a living nightmare that scarred and  traumatized the lives of men protecting and honoring our country. To read  this book is to taste and experience trauma beyond human capability. I  share it with one who suffers now without recognition. To see the words  brings pain and agony to my heart. To all those Rangers and The Elite  Forces ... I know and understand your suffering ... I hope this book  devotes to your sacrifices although it could not compare to the combat and  the loss of those lives who knew you the best. I know those of you out  there carry your burden -- your cross. Raise your heads high. May God bless  you and give you guidance not only to &quot;survive&quot; ... but to live  life to the fullest and to have happiness and peace within your hearts. You  are in my prayers.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|WOW--I never intended to like Fiona Apple.  I used to call her Fiona Snapple, and she was just this bizarre waif who I saw on the grammys speaking in tongues and acting like a complete dork--and permanently  exiling herself as a tragic footnote in the career of Maya Angelou .  And  then a few months ago I was buying cigarettes in Miami and I heard this  song playing--the georgeous girl who sold me the cigarettes had no idea who  it was.  I vaguely knew the texture of Fiona apple's voice from  &quot;Criminal&quot;--so of course I go out and buy BOTH Fiona Apple albums  because I had to have that song  (It turned out to be &quot;Under the  Waves&quot; from &quot;Tidal&quot;).  And, of course, I listened to that  song over ond over for days and days and days.  Darn, I bought two whole  CDs for 1 song? What ensued was an involuntary and cumpulsory week-long  spiral of intense boundary breaking and stunned awareness and appreciation  of this girl's awesome talent--I realized that I was in love with EVERY  song on both, and in no time I was sadly and desperately hounding the  ticketmaster site for seats at her Roseland gig--to no avail--it was sold  out.  And I NEVER go to concerts....  It happens fast, and many more  discriminating listeners than I have fallen under her spell. If you think  it coudn't happen to you I dare you to buy one of her albums. Now of course  I LOVE the fact that she's also a total geek and a freak, and especially  LOVED the enthusiasitically spastic manner in which she &quot;danced&quot;  on her SNL appearance.  Wouldn't it be just too much if she was 100%  choreographed and retouched and perfect?  She's too weird for Disney, not  weird enough for &quot;Korn&quot; fans--that makes her 100% original.  And  the deliberate smiles on the liner pics infom us somehow that she's not  really the angry little girl of her lyrics--It's just a cultural genre  she's participating in.  In the fifties artists like Doris Day sang about  love and marriage, and that was cool, but now they all seem to be proving  how smart and tough they are. And I'll bet there's an awful amount of  pressure from reps to deliver the &quot;angry product&quot;. It would be  great to hear someone like Fiona Apple write and sing something sweet and  simple one of these days.  She obviously possesses lots to celebrate.....
0671042858|5.0|This book is a great read and, from my perspective, a departure from what I am used to reading by Stephen King.  King paints the wooded environment of Western Maine as a fine artist.  I felt like I was along on Trisha's  journey and was experiencing the toture that she was forced to endure.  Excellent character development of Trisha and her family.  I also liked the  ending.  Standing, facing the bear, with the Walkman poised, I could see  the picture as clearly as if I was standing there as an invisible  spectator.  Nice job.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a  page turning thriller.
0385474547|5.0|March 2, 2000<br /> The overall summary of, &quot; Things Fall Apart&quot;, by Chinua Achebe, is that it's focused on imperialism and the reforms of Africa by European settlers, particularly concerning the Igbo  people. European settlers had come to Africa to make it a modern society,  but the Igbo's were far from the stereotypical view of them as being  savages that had no morals or laws. This was because they are in a land,  which the Europeans thought was a place to expand Calvinist ideas, survival  of the fittest. The Igbo people were not like this, they had ways of  dealting with their problems, they had a justice system, a currency system,  and also having an economy that relied on agriculture.  Another problem  arose from the problem with religion. The reformers, besides wanting to  make Africa modern, wanted to spread their religion to the Igbo,  Christianity, but the Igbo already had their own faith. These reasons would  then cause disputes and ultimately war between the two societies. Some  exciting points in the book were when the Feast of the New Yam had arrived.  This feast meant that there were going to be many festivities and exciting  events that were going to take place. All the people in the village,  besides Okonkwo, were invigorated by this event. One of the events that  were going to take place was wrestling matches. The Wrestling matches are  somewhat important because that was how Okon- kwo met his second wife,  Ekwefi. Ekwefi fell in love with Okonkwo when he defeated Amalinze, also  called &quot;Cat&quot;, in a wrestling match.  Another exciting point  in the book was when Okonkwo and his family had to go to Mbata for 7 years  because Okonkwo had accidentally killed Ezeudes' son. During that time,  Okonkwo's village was burned and someone had sold all of his yams. This  book, in my opinion, is an excellent book because it describes what was  taking place in Africa during its reformation by European settlers. The  story is first person narrative of what the Umouifio tribe and certain main  characters were going through. These kind of stories are usually about how  the settlers came and modernized Africa and very little was said of how it  affected the people. &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; is a perfect book  because it describes the customs of the people and how they were affected  by the changes that were going around them and also, how were they were  handled.
0385474547|3.0|THINGS FALL APART<br />SUMMARY:  <br />  Chinua Achebe's book, Things Fall Apart reveals the unique life of a Nigerian man, which is dominated by fear and anger. The main character Okonkwo is a traditional  man who is opposed to change. He adheres to the old ways of going about  daily activities, fighting wars, to practicing faith. Throughout the book,  Okonkwo experiences many tragic losses such as losing  the child,  Ikemefuna, and being banished from his home, Umuofia.This book not only  shows the positive aspects but it reveals the hardships of life and  eventually ends with Okonkwo committing suicide. I believe that Chinua  Achebe wrote this book to share his knowlege about Nigerian life, that not  many people know about or are familiar with. I think Achebe felt it was  important for everybody to learn about African cultureand foreign customs  before they can begin to appreciate them. <br />EXCITING EVENTS:<br />1.) I  thought that the time when Okonkwo was removed from Umuofia was an exciting  event. I looked forward to find out how he would react to this problem and  the change in his surroundings.<br />2.) I also thought that the part when  Ikemefuna was sent to live with Okokwo was exciting and interesting. I  enjoyed reading about how Ikemefuna and Okonkwo's family bonded, matured,  and developed relationships and how the family was affected when Ikemefuna  had to be killed.<br />3.) The wrestling matches and festivals around it  also caught my attention. It was interesting to learn what cultures do for  fun and what they take pride in. In Okonkwo's culture, wrestling is one way  to put yourself on the map and make a decent name for  yourself.<br />EVALUATION:<br />  Things Fall Apart was a decent book,  but especially if you are interested in African culture It should be  recommended for this purpose. The book used a few too many foreign words  that became hard to understand. There could have been a little more action,  tension, or war scenes involved, but life isn't always dramatic and  exciting. I did like it because I find it helpful and useful to read  different kinds of literature coming from different view points and  perspectives. A little change once and a while can really open up the mind.  Overall Things Fall Apart wasn't my favorite book but I appreciated what it  had to say. I give it 7 out of 10 stars.
0385474547|1.0|DOES THIS GUY EVEN KNOW WHAT THE FUDGE HE IS TALKING ABOUT!
B00000ADG2|5.0|I bought this cd because of all the hype. I had never heard of Lauryn Hill but figured it must be ok. I was touched by Zion, remembered what is was like to be in love again with Nothing Matters and have many times Used to  Love Him. I just can't seem to stop listening to this CD. Buy it and give  it a chance, you will not be sorry.
0783113943|5.0|The story of the first American supermodel, Gia Carangi, is one that moves you beyond anything you can imagine.  To see the down-and-out pizza joint girl rise from nothingness in Philadelphia to everything around the world  and back is something that cannot be believed unless it is seen.  Angelina  Jolie carries this role in such a way that you couldn't possibly finish  this movie without being disturbed, horrified, and moved nearly to tears by  its tragic ending.  Perhaps Carangi wasn't something of amazing talent, but  Jolie certainly is and her depiction of the drug-riddled model certainly  deserved every award and ounce of critical acclaim that she received.   Without question, purchase this movie and watch it many times.  I promise  this much: you will never look at Jolie the same way again, you will NEVER  see Carangi in the same light as previously, and you will never EVER touch  another drug again in your entire life.
B00000AA6C|5.0|This is a perfect movie. After checking out from the university's library more than ten times, I  fell I need have one as my permanent family collection.  Julie Andrews' beauty and great dancing and voice is  fascinating. After seeing this movie, I search everywhere Julie Andrews'  movies. I think she is charming, gifted. All most all her movies' genre is  musical. Her voice is great and she dances greatly. That's a real beauty to  watch her movie. She is the greatest actress. I like her. When the lord  closes a door, somewhere he open a window.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I cannot recall when was the last time I have seen something so brilliant. A masterpiece that touches you wherever you are.. Not just in America.. And thats why its not just an American Beauty.. This is the movie you will  watch and no matter where you are on this planet, you will still be able to  relate. What made this more possible is the genuis script and how it was  written, the incredible way it was directed and the outstanding acting from  everyone who appeared on screen even for seconds. Kevin Spacey is one hell  of an actor who played a very difficult role and mastered it as if he has  been living it for the past 40 years. Kevin, you were incredible. Annette  Bening has managed to make everyone resents her. Doesn't this say how  masterful she was? I can go on forever. Everyone in this movie has  contributed significantly to the enjoyment each one of us in the movie  theatre was feeling. I watched it yesterday, will watch it again today and  I am sure I will go again and again. I am just sitting here waiting to see  how the Acadamy will rate this movie... whether it will touch every judge's  life the same way it touched the lives of all those who have seen it.  Please Hollywood, indulge us more with such sensations.
B00000AA6C|5.0|This is a perfect movie. After checking out from the university's library more than ten times, I  fell I need have one as my permanent family collection.  Julie Andrews' beauty and great dancing and voice is  fascinating. After seeing this movie, I search everywhere Julie Andrews'  movies. I think she is charming, gifted. All most all her movies' genre is  musical. Her voice is great and she dances greatly. That's a real beauty to  watch her movie. She is the greatest actress. I like her. When the lord  closes a door, somewhere he open a window.
6305718954|5.0|This is the type of movie you either loved or hated... I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. Terrific acting, terrific f/x, solid story and plot, and well it's a very well made movie and it delivers the chills and thrills  when it needs to. This is a fun movie, I've seen countless horror and  thriller movies, it's unfair to compare this to Exorcist. It's not right to  either movie. Stigmata stands on it's own feet, and while it's not the  scariest movie, it's makes up for it with the acting and soldi story  telling. You actually care about the characters in the movie, and like I  said it's a well made movie, give it a chance, make up your own  decision...<br />As for the dvd, it's a beautiful transfer. Before I move on,  I highly recommend viewing the alternate ending directors version of the  film. You do get a choice when you hit the play movie button. The different  ending has more of an impact, than the orginal ending. Back to it, all in  all it's a great dvd, nice deleted scenes, some of which are understood why  they were cut, but there were a couple that would have fit nicely with the  story telling. Basically the extras are very good, I would have liked to  have seen more extars, but with what they did, they did a very nice job.  I've been spoiled, my Phantasm DVD is loaded with extras. Anyways, the  video transfer is simply brilliant, colors are natural, and simply  beautiful. Same goes for the audio. Some of the deleted scenes are a step  down in quality, but still decent considering they didn't make the final  cut of the film. Which means they missed the waxing and the beautiful  finish the final cut of the film gets. But they are still decent. In sum, a  terrific movie, put on a terrific disc. IMHO, it was worth the money I paid  for it....
B000002H97|5.0|MetallicA has always been a force to reckon with, this album proves this without a doubt. From the incredible force of Enter Sandman to the slower, yet still powerful Nothing Else Matters. Many say this is the greatest  metal album ever made, I can't help but agree.
B000002H97|5.0|I'll admit I was a little worried if I would like this album, since i heard it was way different from Master of Puppets and the earlier few. This album is just as good as Puppets only in a diffrent way. It's still got the  guitar riffs it's just a little slower and more melodic. There are Of Wolf  and Man, Through the Never and a few others for us headbangers, but i found  that some of the greatest songs on this album were ones like Nothing Else  Matters and The Unforgiven which are slow but still great in their own way.
0679805273|5.0|We give this book to our friends for birthdays, graduations, and anniveraries. It's perfect for anyone at a transitional time of life.  Save this book for the adults in your life.  Children just don't seem to  understand it.
B0000027RL|1.0|&quot;Ten&quot; is one of the most unoriginal albums ever written...&quot;Alive&quot;, &quot;Ten&quot;,&quot;Black&quot;,(One word titles,how clever) are the most boring songs I have ever heard, lyrically  and musically.  A down point in American music
0767814037|5.0|This is one of the first movies I actually went out and bought instead of taping off the TV.  It's a blast -- and don't be fooled by the horses and guns.  This is a chick flick -- four sensitive (and sexy) cowboys relate to  one another and form friendships in a very loosely-plotted movie moving  from one adventure to another.  Rosanna Arquette and Linda Hunt are  fabulous, especially Hunt.  The gunhandling is also wonderful.  And just  Scott Glenn in leather pants is worth the price of the video!
B000001GQP|5.0|This performance of Carl Orff's Carmina Burana was authorized by the composer.  I have not heard a better recording of this work, and this is one that I compare new ones to.  The singers are supurb.  Dietrich  Fischer-Diekskau is the ideal baritone and adds the perfect character to  the sections he sings.  The tenor Gerhard Stolze is incredible in the  control he maintains while singing what must be a most difficult song, that  of a roasting swan.<br />In short, there is nothing lacking from this spirited  performance.
0345418336|4.0|The book that I read is called &quot;The Spy Who Came In From The Cold&quot;. It was written by John Le Carre and first published in 1969.    The book is a very good but a complicated spy story. It focuses on the  espionage back in the 1960s when Berlin was divided into West and East  Berlin.     The main character of the book is Leamas, a clever English spy.  After finishing his job of spying in East Berlin for London, he started to  drink and deteriorate. Leamas had done a good job while he was working for  London, but when he retired he appeared to have no savings and no income.  Being extremely poor, he resented the Organization for which he had been  employed.     However, one day he met other spies who worked for East  Berlin and who took him to a man named Fiendler who was interested in  obtaining information that Leamas had. They offered Leamas money and he  accepted.     The story is an astonishing one. It is mostly about the rough  times a man goes through while spying and how he is left out at the end by  the Organization he worked for. Trying hard to avoid poverty, he falls into  a very dangerous business. The book is good because it has a lot of mystery  and suspense. At the same time it is very hard to understand because it has  a lot of information that makes your head spin. I don't like the characters  that much. I don't agree with the desicions they make, because of their  selfishness and greediness.     I think that &quot;The Spy Who Came In From  The Cold&quot; is a good story. It is full of suspense and adventure. It is  the story of a man who had to make a hard decision after being let down by  the ones he trusted. It is a story about betrayal, hatred and jealousy. At  the same time it can be very confusing because of too much mystery.
B000002LGA|5.0|this is lou's best solo album.  he actually sounds like he's TRYING on this one.  and, as a special bonus, the young, snarling young lou of VU vintage rears his sweet/ugly head once in a while if you listen for it....
0385474547|3.0|I feel that Chinua Achebe's purpose fr writing the book was ti show the world what really happened during the time period when the Enflish settled in Africa. He captured how life really was before the intrusion into the  tribes with thenew strange faith of Cristianity. Lastly it shows how the  tribes in Afric were not savages like the white settlers made them out to  be. They were civilized people who ha tough morals to live by. Three  scintillating events to me that hapened in the book would first be when the  gun explodedin Okonkwo's hands and killed the boy. A second event was when  Okonkwo and his fellow tribes men were face to face with the messengers and  he chopped one of their heads off. The last event would be when Obierika  showed the comisioner Okonkwo's body hanging behimd his hut. I feel that  the quality of the book was excellant, because it was captivating reading  which stirred you and made you want to read more. Another reason why I like  the book was it showed the real things that went on in tribes and the  social ways through the eyes of a great man like Okonkwo.
B00004LN16|5.0|...But its here. If any AC/DC album deserves to be called a sequel to 1980's classic Back in Black, this is the one. Much like the Star Trek Motion Picture series, AC/DC's releases seemed to follow a good album, bad  album pattern for most releases since Bon Scotts death, with the overall  quality slowly spiraling downward. Stiff Upper Lip ends that sequence,  putting the boys from down under right back at the top of their game. It  used to be I would recommend 3 albums to casual AC/DC fans, Highway,Back in  Black, and Powerage. Now Ive got to add a fourth. May be a while before it  comes out of the stereo!
B000021XR5|2.0|I was hugely disapointed with &quot;No. 4&quot;.  From the radio release of &quot;Down&quot; and from other reviews that I had heard, I was lead to beleive that &quot;No. 4&quot; was much more like &quot;Core&quot; and  &quot;Purple&quot; than &quot;Tiny Music&quot;-not so.  Instead, it's this  weird mix of songs that sound mostly like material from &quot;Tiny  Music&quot; with only a few songs, such as &quot;Down&quot; and  &quot;Glide&quot;, reminicent of their earlier stuff.  I do appreciate  STP's attempts at experimentation (and most of the songs aren't that bad),  but I miss their old sound.  If you are a huge fan of &quot;Core&quot; and  &quot;Purple&quot;, I would not reccomend this C.D., because chances are  good that you will be quite disapointed, just like I was.  But, if you like  &quot;Tiny Music&quot; a lot, then maybe you should give this album a try.   You probably won't be too let down.  In my opinion, though, I thought this  album sucked.  STP needs to go back to what they're good at, and what they  became known for in the first place-&quot;Core&quot; and &quot;Purple&quot;  were just too awesome to be forgotten about!
B000002JSV|5.0|Often overlooked, this may be the best AC/DC album next to Back in Black. Maybe because it was released with little fanfare right when Disco was peaking and punk was emerging, this album didnt sell. But hey, this  strongly blues influenced winner can be our little secret.....
B000006NPY|5.0|Given the date this was written. One would expect a review for the newly released mACHINA (released Feb. 29th, 2000) but I decided to review my favorite pumpkins album. That being the aforementioned aDORE. While many  see this album as misguided or an unwelcome departure from their trademark  sound and style. I see it as a very uncompromising and fearless record.  Adore radiates with a burning sense of minimalism. That focuses on the  arrangement of lush melodies that rather console than provoke. Thus  allowing Billy's songwriting to resonate and beautifully layer each song.  This album's greatest asset however is its cohesiveness. Adore's fluidity  allows each song a smooth transition into the next. Minus any misteps and  most importantly without overstaying its welcome. Adore should be  recognized (and is by me) for its aural majesty and the Pumpkins for their  willingness to explore their sound through this album.
0395645662|5.0|In a community that is all the same lives Jonas, who discovers he is very different. Jonas is the main character in the book The Giver, my favorite book. I loved The Giver because the plot was very creative, the theme was  magnificent, and the setting was vivid. I think you should read this book  for many reasons. The theme of this book is clearly represented: freedom,  the right to make your own choices, uniqueness, and individuality are worth  dying for. In Jonas's community, a commitee selects one's job, war is  unheard of, all people wear the same attire, and all are assigned spouses  and families. When Jonas is given the special, wonder-filled occupation of  becoming the Receiver of Memory, he finds that there is much more to life.  Through his task of becoming the Receiver of Memory, he discovers the  meaning of love, pain, frustration, color, and cold. That is when Jonas  realizes how much more there really is. Life soon becomes overwhelmingly  unbearable in his world of &quot;sameness.&quot; He finds life isn't worth  living without the qualities (often that we take for granted) he  discovered. That is when Jonas goes on a dangerous journey to find a land  that is different. The setting in this book made it quite a pleasure.  Everything in the community was predictable and pre-planned. The housing  units were all the same. There were designated spots for everything. The  setting helped develop the plot and theme. The mysterious ending leaves one  filled with curiousity and wonder. The book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry is  guaranteed enjoyment, especially for someone who likes a good theme and  plot that ties in with the setting. I loved the boook The Giver, and I  truly believe that everybody should read it!
0783223218|5.0|I have just read in one of the Reviews that mentions that this film was not true to the story of the Real &quot;Jackal&quot; Carlos Sanchez. First of all I would make a few things clear  about this film. This film is an  update of the 1972 book/ Film DAY OF THE JACKAL which in turn had NOTHING  to do Carlos the Jackal. <br />Carlos was named &quot;the Jackal&quot; by the  media after a copy of the Fredrick Forsythe's Day of the Jackal was found  in his apartment. Carlos had NOTHING to do with the attempted   assassination of President De Gaulle in the 60's on which the Forsythe  novel was based. Carlos Sanchez was actually a clumsy overweight idiot and  not a cold calculating assassin that was portrayed in the book and  subsequent films.<br />I just thought I would make it clear for anyone who was  confused on whether or not this film was a factual account on Carlos  Sanchez.<br />Now back to the film!  This update far outshines the 1972  Original and other films of this Genre. It shows the painstaking process  for a spy or assassin of remaining anonymous through various disguises  (some in this film were quite excellent)and using different  passports.<br />This film also done away with the old telescopic rifle used  constantly in other films of this genre and replaced it with futuristic  gadgets such as Remote controlled guns and targeting systems.<br />The film  also shone the hollywood spotlight on a new breed of villain for which  future films could exploit ie evil Russian crimelords.<br />It was also  excellent to see Willis cast as a bad guy. A role in which looks very  covincing in. Richard Gere's performance was simply top rate although his  accent maybe at times seemed to be travelling both North and South of  Ireland. But despite this he delivers a striking performance as the  likeable Irish Hero. <br />Sidney Poitier also delivers as does the rest  of  the fine cast. The Film does slow done a little in parts as it  normally  does in most films of this genre<br />but overall the film has enough twists  along with a believable ending to make this film very entertaining. So  please ignore the other negative reviews of this film and see it for  yourself. You certainly will not be disappointed. And watch out for the  opening credits and music which more than adequately set the pace for this  thriller.
0385486804|2.0|Into The Wild by Jon Krakaeur was lifeless book without any mystery in it whatsoever. To sum it all up, the phrase, &quot;Close but no cigar&quot; comes to mind. I started reading this book thinking I would find an  intriguing and puzzling real-life mystery. Wrong! Don't let the summary  fool you. In order to write a real-life mystery, you must have a real-life  mystery to write about. The McCandless story is no mystery. The book is  merely an account of his life. A college graduate who was sick of the  demands of normal life decides to take of for Alaska, and doesn't survive  for obvious reasons. Sure, that's great if you're trying to write a  biography, but it was my impression that this book wasn't meant to be a  biography. Krakeauer went off on tangents, telling about other explorers  and hitchikers that were somehwhat like McCandless...but didn't really have  anything to do with him. That really annoyed me, because I was reading this  book to find about the McCandless story. If I wanted to know about a man  named Everett Reuss, I would be reading a book about Everret Reuss. The  book was tolerable, when you get past the fact that there is no mystery.  Krakaeur did a good job of getting all the facts straight, and I now know  much more baout Cristopher McCandless then I ever knew before. I enjoyed  hearing some of the cute stories about when McCandless was a little kid.  Actually, the cute stories were about the only part of the book that I  enjoyed. I also noticed that Into The Wild was a rather repetitive book,  I'd hear the same things over and over again. The way I see it, The  McCandless story was interesting when Krakauer wrote a short article about  it in a magazine, but making it a book was too much of a stretch for such a  lifeless story. I don't really recommend this book to anyone looking for a  good read, especially if you're looking for a real-life mystery. On the  other hand, if you're doing a report on Everett Reuss, this book is for  you!
B000006045|5.0|This cd is one of my best cd's ever! Somebody wrote that it is cold, wel I love the cool &quot;Film-noir&quot; kinda feel, gives a lot of sensual tension. Somebody wrote it is almost lounche, I think this is lounche at  its best, get used to some guitar riffs!<br />I play this next to Miles Davis  (Kind of Blue), D'Angelo (Voodoo), that kind of timeless, raw, smokey and  roomfilling(=lounch) funky stuff.
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is a wonderful book with vivid description and an entrancing plot. The author shows the social behavior of rabbits and also shows how particular rabbits changed their ways of life to adapt to  different situations. He makes you feel as if you are part of the book and  the wonderfully developed characters seem to form a special bond with you  as you face fear after fear and adventure after adventure with them.       Fiver, a tiny rabbit, begins to sense danger in the flourishing warren he  lives in. His friend, Hazel, doesn't want to believe Fiver but knows he  he\as an uncanny knack for forseeing what is to come. Hazel helps Fiver  round up a small band of rabbits and together they set out on an adventure  to get away from the danger Fiver feels and to find the high, dry ploace  Fiver tells himis the perfect place to start a new warren. On their way  they meet many troubles including encounters with eili (the rabbit term for  enemies of rabbits such as foxes, owls, and humans) and even rabbits much  like themselves, but with a dark secret. Yet, even when they find Fiver's  perfect place, their struggle for survival doesn't end, it has just began.       Watership Down has a complex, but enjoyable plot. Just as one conflict  is resolved, another is introduced. You can predict what the rabbits are  going to do, but sometmies they will surprise you as the plot takes a  suspenseful twist. Suspense builds and keeps you with your nose in the  binding. The ways the rabbits react to the conflicts show their distinct  and unique personalities. Each character is different and as you read you  get to know each one as if they wre old friends. Bigwig, a former Osla  (rabbit army) member is a rabbit that you can always count on to be there  when another rabbit is in trouble and will stay loyal to his friends at all  costs. Fiver, whe seems to be a shy, young, and indeciseive rabbit in the  begining of the story quickly changes as he becomes adjust to his new foundriends. He, much to your surprise, ends up making many important decisions  and isn't just a follower, but a stong leader.      The author's writing  style is one of my favorate parts of the story. He uses much rabbit  terminology and adds rabbit language vocabulary into the tale. As you read,  you get to know the vocabluary and this makes you feel as if you are really  part of the story, talking with the rabbits. Watership Down may sound like  a story that would be a fairytale because of the communicating rabbits and  other animals. However, this story really seems very realistic and not very  made up at all!      I really enjoyed reading Watership Down. The plot,  characters, and the author's writing style made is one of the best books I  have ever read. I give this book 5 stars and recomend reading this book.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I've never really been a Santana fan and wouldn't have bought the CD.  However, I was in a record store and they were playing it.  I liked the variety of artists and sounds, and purchased it.  This was long before the  Grammy's!  I feel he greatly deserved every award he received.
0767819594|5.0|Delightfully cruel comedy about the sexual conquests of young and world-weary upper class machiavellians.  Amazingly, the sadistic, witty first half of this movie is  perfectly matched by an intelligent, touching  ending.  (No, it's not sentimental -  just moral.)  Watch this movie!
B000002JOH|5.0|I discovered PanterA many years ago, going on 10 years.  Cowboys from Hell was solid, but when I heard this album in 1992, I fell in love.  This is the hardest, greatest, most innovative metal album I have ever heard.  They  get heavier with each album.  TRENDKILL was sort of a disappointment, but I  am looking forward to REINVENTING THE STEEL.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I got this cd for my birthday, right after i got a few other cds, and this is the only one i listen to anymore! It was a great follow up to their last.
B000002JR8|5.0|I challenge any of todays so-called &quot;metal&quot; bands to try and throw a rock at the hard-hitting, skull-crushing tunes of FAR BEYOND DRIVEN.  I got it the first day it came out six years ago and wasn't  expecting to be hit with the HEAVIEST song PanterA has ever done, STRENGTH  BEYOND STRENGTH.  They flirt with death metal on SLAUGHTERED, industrial on  GOOD FRIENDS AND A BOTTLE OF PILLS, and great old fashioned metal  everywhere else.  After all that, you need a song like PLANET CARAVAN to  mellow out to.  I like VULGAR better, but this is one HEAVY friggin' album.   Makes anyone in today's market seem like a standard rock band.
B000000645|5.0|Of all the ISB albums this is probably the one which most stringheads bliss out on...even more than &quot;5,000 Spirits&quot; it established Robin and Mike as purveyors of prime stoned hippy wisdom and musicians of  apparently limitless talent. Unlike much contemporary material it still  sounds great today - just check out Mike's &quot;Very Cellular Song&quot;  and Robin's &quot;Witch's Hat&quot; for an illustration of what made the  String Band so special.
B000002J6F|5.0|Simply one of the greatest albums ever recorded
B00000IGGA|5.0|just when we all thought raindogs was the best tom waits would ever get, he's actually beaten it! what a surprise after years of exceptionally worrying stuff. every track's a winner, tom's storytelling is unbelievably  compelling. put this on as background music and within minutes you'll have  stopped whatever else you're doing, and you'll be listening to every last  word. and the lest six or seven are mostly ballads, which for me is what  waits has always done best.
014028009X|5.0|This book was recomendeded to me by a friend.She had just finished it,and kept pestering me to read it.I'm soooo glad she did.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|This is what was called in the past an &quot;art-film&quot;. The ambivalent audience opinions regarding this film just prove its profoundness. As one film critic wrote, people were anticipating an  &quot;Impossible Mission with Tom Cruise&quot; film; well, this is not the  case, fortunately; and it's a GREAT film, someone even called it hypnotic,  and I agree. It has with it the taste of Michelangelo Antonioni's  masterpiece: Blow-Up (1966), and there are places where this film is even  better.
0385474547|4.0|The author Chinua Achebe wrote a classic best-selling book called Things Fall Apart.  Basically the story was about an African tribe that lived in an African village called Umuofia.  They had their own beliefs.  It was  another normal day in the village of Umuofia until the white missionaries  came to African villages with their own beliefs, that the Africans didn't  necessarily believe in.  An African man named Okonkwo lived in Umuofia and  dissented strongly with the white missionaries.  Okonkwo was a great  warrior that had much respect from the people who he lived with because of  his religious beliefs.  White missionaries came and disproved the African  religion along with Okonkwo's beliefs as well.  Okonkwo said that this  \\"new\\" religion had taken away all the dignity the people had in the African  villages, and Okonkwo began to call the men in the villages women.  Really  what I think Achebe was trying to say was that Okonkwo's self-dignity had  been taken away and Okonkwo also knew that he wouldn't be so powerful once  people went along with the new religion because the missionaries didn't  believe that anybody was better than anybody else.  Okonkwo's life and  beliefs had been falling apart, and Okonkwo knew that things wouldn't stay  the way they were for long, and people wouldn't think of him as much as  they may have before.  Eventually, Okonkwo hangs himself, and the story  ends.<br />       There were some exciting events that happen in this story.   One of the events was the time when Okonkwo was at a funeral and shot a  16-year-old boy and killed him.  As a result of that, Okonkwo was exiled to  his motherland of Mbata for seven years.  During Okonkwo's exile, the  missionaries had come in and started to convert Africans to Christianity.   Also, I liked the time when the missionaries built their church in the evil  forests of Africa.  All the Africans thought that the missionaries would  die in a few days, which was supposed to happen according to their  religion.  Then when the missionaries were in the veil forest for a couple  weeks, nothing happened to them and the Africans were proved wrong.  One  other exciting event I like in this book was the conflict between Okonkwo  and his son, Nwoke.  Nwoke decided to follow the ways of the Christians,  even though he knew his father Okonkwo would not concur with that decision.   Nwoke did go with the missionaries and left his father, which was  upsetting to Okonkwo, who was appalled when Nwoke left his father.  Those  are some of the exciting events in the story Things Fall Apart.<br />        Overall, I like the book Things Fall Apart.  I think it is an interesting  tale.  I think that because it told a lot about how Africans live and what  they believe, which I personally thought were false beliefs.  The story  tells a lot about how Africans live without getting too boring, and uses a  lot of description about everything.  Then when the missionaries came to  Africa and started to preach their OWN beliefs that went against most of  the African beliefs.  That is my favorite part of the book Things Fall  Apart.  I never came across a part in this story that was not addicting.  I  always wanted to keep reading this.  Chinua Achebe made a strong point that  everything has the potential to \\"fall apart\\".  If you like something in  your life it may not last forever even if you won't admire the change to  come.  Even those who are powerful at a certain time, may eventually lose  power to new changes that happen.  That wraps up my review on Things Fall  Apart by Chinua Achebe.
0767814037|4.0|Somebody once said, that when Tolstoy wrote War and Peace, he includeed anything possible, except a race for sailingboats. Silverado does the same thing for Westerns. Featuring a terrific cast (Kevin Kline, Kevin Costner,  Linda Hunt,, Scott Glen, just to name a view) This movie includes  practicaly anything ever shown in a Western. The strange thing: it works!  Where War and Peace becomes boring and confusing after ten pages, Silverado  keeps the pace and as far as there is a plot, it is clear from beginning to  end. Also it reinjects a sense of humor into Westerns, which was large lost  during the Sergio Leone era. Silverado is an enjoyable movie, with a simple  plot, a great cast and plenty of action.
B00000JCB2|1.0|i must cleanse the vomit from my edifice, it's covered with the result of listening to this horrendously uncreative piece of trash. save your money and buy something by mortician, moonspell, dillinger escape plan, or  wumpscut. yuck
B0000013GT|5.0|There are only 2 albums that I have ever heard that are flawless. The first was Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers). The second was ATLiens. Everything down to the mini-comic book inside the CD cover is nothing short  of amazing. From the beginning, it hits a peak and never drops off. OutKast  has a way of taking the listener on a journey to distant planets, then  bringing them back to the dirty south. OutKast is trying to tell you  something on this album. I suggest you listen.
B00004R99F|5.0|This is my family's favorite Disney movie by far.  I think me and my husband laugh more than the kids.  We shared it with friends and we had a hard time getting it back they enjoyed it so much.  We are talking late  20's to early 30's in age and some without kids.  You will really enjoy it!  It's fun and clean. Not offensive like some movies tend to be.
B000001FDK|5.0|This was my first drive-in movie ever!  I loved it then, at age seven, and I love it still.  My daughters enjoy the music because it's fun and easy for them to dance to.  My one year-old can't sit still when &quot;Hound  Dog&quot; comes on!
B00000373U|5.0|I have to thank Spin magazine for my purchase of Elliot Smith's Either/Or. I saw the album located as one of the best albums of the 90s and decided to go purchase the album. SPIN WAS COMPLETELY WRONG. This album should have  been way farther up than the rating it got. Where have I been? How come I  had never heard of Elliot Smith before this? I love every song on this  album. Beautiful melodies and flowing intelligent lyrics - Either/Or is one  of the most haunting and elegant albums I have ever heard. Speed Trials is  glorious and so is Alameda. Ballad of Big Nothing is without a doubt the  highlight of the album. Between the Bars, Pictures of Me, No Name No.5,  Rose Parade, Punch and Judy, Cupid's Trick, 2:45 AM - all GREAT songs. Say  Yes and Angeles are other highlights. Elliot Smith has a ethereal voice and  combined with his guitar- creates an experience that can only be heard. I  haven't heard XO or his self-titled. But from some people I've talked to -  they say XO or the self-titled is better. How can you top this? I can't  wait to find out.
0783113943|4.0|An unforgetable film!  Personally, I didn't know Gia was an actual person until reading of the editorial reviews.  I completely fell in love with the character, wishing I was able to jump through the screen and help her  anyway possible.  I experienced this movie six to seven months ago while on  a business trip and still remember the emotion Angelina Jolie created with  this character.  I have only had the opportunity to see Angelina in her  role as Gia, however, have kept an eye out for newer movies with her in  them.  Finally, I saw a preview of a different movie with her playing a  role and now I am tryin to learn who this amazing actress is.  If you see  only one movie in the near future, I urge you to feel this movie.  You will  not only being watching the movie you will experience every bit of it.
B000002C1Z|5.0|This album is great.  The reason it is underrated is, of course, because of the length of the songs.<br />The real reason to get this album is the 2nd cut, &quot;Dogs.&quot;  This is my favorite song in the whole wide world.   It's aimed at the people in the world who use others to get ahead, who will  give you a big smile to your face and then stab you in the back as soon as  you turn away.  The lyrics are absolutely unbelievable and deliciously  snide.  The musical accompaniment is incredible as well.  Even though it's  17 minutes long, I'm always upset when it ends.  I often have to scan back  in the middle of the song to relisten to a verse because it's just so  wonderful.  I know the words by heart, but I *still* have to rewind and  listen to a verse again if it particularly strikes my fancy that day (and  there's a couple of verses in there that always do).  When I get to the  end, I usually play the last 2 minutes of the song about 4 times in a  row.<br />The rest of the album is really very good, even compared to Floyd's  high standards, though the first and last songs (Pigs on the Wing) are a  little trite and seem slightly out of place on the album.  But hell, they  still sound good and they're only a couple of minutes a piece.<br />Buy this  album.
B000020617|4.0|I have to say this is a top album. I heard the song Learn to fly and i had to buy the album. The first few songs are brilliant and listening to the drums on gimme stiches i just want to learn them. If there is one foo  fighter album which you are going to buy, buy this one. The CD also has an  added bonus as it is an enhanced CD nad you can see the learn to fly video  which is ver funny. BYE IT
0792836634|3.0|Horror classic about serial killer/criminal who transfers his soul into the body of a toy doll to cheat death and starts killing people when he's bought. A lot lamer at times than a fan would want to admit but it has a  deafeningly slick pace and a fascinating plot. Popcorn, pepsi and pizza.
B000000T01|3.0|I agree 100% with the previous reviewer, Jay.  There is no excuse for cutting out some of the best footage in this documentary (the performance of &quot;A Quick One&quot; was the Who's chance to show up the Stones, and  they took full advantage of the opportunity).  I have a bit more to add to  the saga of the missing footage.<br />As with some of the other reviewers, I  also saw this film in a theater.  I didn't know much about The Who at the  time, so I didn't remember all the details of the film.  A few years later  (mid-eighties, I guess), I stumbled upon a Thorn-EMI video copy of the  film.  Of course it was great to watch, but I kept wondering &quot;Didn't I  remember seeing Keith Richards introduce The Who at some point?&quot;   Then, around 1989, The Who did a reunion tour and both VH1 and MTV showed  the full, unedited version of the film.  Boy, my video copy seemed pretty  lacking after that.  A few years later, the current BMG &quot;Special  Edition&quot; came out, promising all sorts of bonus songs.  I couldn't  wait to get it unwrapped and into the VCR.  Guess what - it was the same as  the Thorn-EMI version!  I was so disgusted, I packed it up and sent it to  BMG's home office.  Included was a letter asking why the video didn't  contain the full theatrical release or the songs listed on the box.  A few  weeks later, my video came back along with a letter claiming that this  release was taken from the most complete master copy available, and that if  I wasn't satisfied, I should take the video back to the place of purchase  for a refund.  How's that for arrogance?  What they should have said was  &quot;This was the easiest master to find, copy, and sell to unsuspecting  Who fans.  They'll buy anything and be happy with it.  Heck, they'll  probably even recommend it to their friends!&quot;.  Maybe I did end up  keeping the tape, but I'll be darned if I'm going to recommend it.   <br />Don't settle for this video.  The DVD is scheduled to be released at the  beginning of 2001.  Wait for it.
B00000K3D4|5.0|As I write this, there are 515 customer reviews for Labyrinth, and I could not find a single one that was below 4 stars!  Needless to say, THIS MOVIE ROCKS!
B000009ED0|1.0|Think of these white rappers in this way:  In the 1950's Pat Boone became popular by doing covers of black soul music to make it more palatable for white audiences.<br />The white &quot;rappers&quot; merely emulate in the same  gansta style the rap of NAS, Snoop, and others. Has anyone noticed that the  alternative radio stations do not play the original gangsta rap, but will  play the likes of Eminem and Kid Rock.<br />40 years ago, Pat Boone did what?   Seems he really was a pioneer.
0767802659|1.0|I'm amused by all the four &amp; five stars. You people are more entertaining than the movie. I'll just get some popcorn and read over 300-some &quot;starry-eyed&quot; reviews. This movie is such a masterpiece,   it should be on a twin bill with Morons from Outer Space, except that one  was meant to be a B movie.
0812046625|2.0|Five years ago as a beginner student I found this book to be totally inadequate.  Don't buy it!  Instead buy &quot;A Dictionary of Russian Verbs&quot; by Daum and Schenk (Hippocrane Books).  My book has 20,000 in  all declinations with examples of usage.  Conact me if you have questions  about the book. email: gerryd36@hotmail.com
B00000294R|5.0|Big L's lyrics are phat.  I find myself reciting them in my mind often.  On D.I.T.C.'s album, L shined like the sun.  He's a great rapper but wasn't in the lime light like other far less skilled, well no-skilled rappers.   His lyrics amaze me and I'd put him at the top of the pile of lyricist.  L  and Lord Finesse hooking up on this album was a blessing to the hip-hop  world.  It's a shame that we don't have more hits that he made and a bigger  shame that L never got the props that he deserved.  L would smash 99% of  rappers today because battling L &quot;is like fighting a gorilla in a  phone booth.&quot;  Simply one of the best lyricist that I've heard and  I've been listening to hip-hop every since it began in the 70s.  Rest in  peace Big L and much love.
B00004KD1L|4.0|first, you have to be ok with the fact that these guys are all over the place. if you have any subgenre obsessions or hangups, don't bother with groove armada. but if you like a little funk, a fair amount of house, and a  whole hella-va-lotta air-esque atmospheric groove, then these are your  guys. as long as it's this well done, they can mix in whatever they like.  definitely one of the best things in this style since moon safari (which  will, of course, probably never be beat), but distinctively more british.  if you're trying to decide whether or not to buy this one, don't try to  scan through the first minute of each track. that would be a terrible gauge  of the cd...it demands a little more, but it gets so good and it's oh so  worth it.
6305718954|5.0|Not so much a horror movie as a drama, I really enjoyed the visual style and statement it made about religion.  A lot of people I talked to did not like this movie, if you are expecting an action packed horror film you will  be let down, but if you are interested in a thought provoking supernatural  drama check it out.  Gabriel Byrne is excellent!
0385474547|4.0|The book Things Fall Apart is about the clash between the European and  the culture of the Igbo people. It also portrays what the Igbo culture was  like before it came into contact with the European. And that when the   cultures are not willing to communicate, beliefs about superiority and   inferiority are enevitable. <br />    I really enjoyed this book. There were a  few really good parts that I  found considerably interesting. The first was  Ekwefi and the ogbanje. I liked  that segment of the book because it gave a  detailed look upon a part of the  Igbo culture that I did not expect to see  in the book. Also the part of the  book when Ezeudu's sixteen-year-old son  is killed. This intrigued me because  it was clearly an accident and  Okonkwo's punishment was so severe. He was  exiled for seven years and all  his posessions were burned or killed. The  difference between Mr. Brown and  Reverend James Smith tactics when handling  the Igbo was an interesting  part of the book. Mr. Brown was understanding and  talked more with the  Igbo trying to learn they're religion not just change  it. Reverend James  Smith was more drastic and wanted things to change right  away and everyone  had to be strictly catholic and all remains of the old  religion had to be  gone.
014028009X|5.0|This was such a great book -- it was funny and engaging.  You'll end up loving the characters &amp; wanting to know what happens next!  I didn't want to put the book down and was sorry when it ended...I missed Bridget!
B00000IP2L|5.0|Zakk Wylde's post ozzy efforts are in my view the most under-rated albums released in the 90's.  this man is a master of all levels of rock intensity.  On SonicBrew he goes back to the realm of metal shredder master  ozzy fans have known him to be. If you are a fan of all levels of guitar  rock from soft/acoustic, to classic, to metal buy this album and while  you're at it, pick up Pride and Glory, and Book of Shadows... (his two  previous solo efforts...)
B000000OUE|5.0|this cd was so much more than the hit song, more human than human, this was truely the greatest shock cd in its times. EVERY song on this is perfect, never missing a beat and never gets old. i really love this cd. it  is an unrecognized classic, i dont think white zombie got as much credit as  they deserve, they are, after all, responsible for some of the newer metal  bands (static-X, even his bro powerman 5000 took on the zombie sound.) i  swear, if i ever have kids, they will be forced to own this album. its the  great way to start an education.
B0000025T6|5.0|Just listen to this album, then anything by the Nebraska Guitar Militia, and you'll see the connection.  Or maybe Springsteen just grokked what it's like to be from Nebraska.
0783225857|5.0|I felt compelled to write a review after scanning those previously written.  I understand that much of the content was left out from the novel, but as a movie, few can compare to the delicate perfection reflected  in this work.  Movies and books are apples and oranges, and both will  survive if the common themes and ideals displayed in both tellings can be  valued in time.  What makes both works great separately is that they hold  lofty ideals, and both are able to reach and surpass this height without  the exploitation of such ideals in the name of entertainment.  We should be  so lucky as to see this sort of restrained and understated film-making  again when Hollywood adapts an American classic or even attempts to retain  an original text's intent. Very simply put, rarely does cinema get better  than this.  Do not judge it simply against the template of the novel, but  as a work on it's own.  I appreciate criticism of adaptations of prose, but  I feel, if the movie of To Kill a Mockingbird failed to include the entire  beautiful tapestry of the novel, it succeeded in maintaining the spirit in  which the book was written and has shown us enough to understand the  craftsmanship inherent in such a work.
B0000009OU|5.0|Can't disagree with anyone here, except to question the notion of EC coming even slightly below Presley and the Beatles in the ol' pantheon of rock gods.  In my opinion, he crushes both of 'em.  Rrrgh!  My favourite  Costello album still has to be Armed Forces, but this is almost as  breathtaking, particularly after the maddeningly inconsistent My Aim is  True.  To be fair, there isn't a whole lot of difference between the songs,  musically--loud'n'ferocious is pretty much the consistent thread  throughout--but that matters not a whit while the thing is playing (very  loudly, one would hope).  Is it possible that the second &quot;Capital  punishment/She's last year's model&quot; in ...Chelsea is the single most  ferociously-delivered couplet in rock's history?  Yes, I rather think it  is.  But that's just the tip of the non-proverbial iceburg, as everything  here rocks full-tilt.  Some of the bonus tracks, naturally, aren't  awe-inspiring, but RR is good, as is the Mick Jones-featuring Big Tears.   And the demo of Greenshirt, while not necessarily better than the  &quot;finished&quot; version on Armed Forces, is quite an interesting take  on the song--very minimalistic; much less orchestration.  Who cares?  I  like 'em both!  'Cause Elvis is God, and if you don't own this album, you  will be forever damned to wander a nightmarish musical wasteland!  And I  mean every word of that!
B000002IOW|4.0|This album featured a turning away from the synth-heavy '80's Rush albums, like &quot;Grace Under Pressure&quot; and &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot;.  What I like most about &quot;Preso&quot; is that the record features more of a  liquid-y sense of groove than previous Rush records.  The tunes tend to be  shorter but are all very listenable.  In some ways, I think Neil Peart  wrote some of his most engaging lyrics on &quot;Anagram&quot; - playing  with the words in an anagram-like fashion while still making some points.   This album doesn't feature the heaviest lead playing you've ever heard from  Alex, but he plays some great parts.  And Geddy is in fine shape vocally  and provides some spot-on bass parts.  I really like this record and think  it's a good buy for anyone even a little interested in Rush.
B000020617|4.0|DAVID GROHL'S BAND FOO FIGHTERS IS A BETTER LISTEN THEN HIS OLD OVERRATED BAND NIRVANA. THIS PURE ALT. ROCK AT IT'S FINEST. &quot;STACKED ACTORS&quot;, &quot;LEARN TO FLY&quot;,&quot;GIMME STITCHES&quot;,  &quot;AURORA&quot; (SOUNDS SO LATE 70'S EARLY 80'S TO ME), &quot;LIVE-IN  SKIN&quot; AND SHOULD BE CLASSIC &quot;HEADWIRES&quot;. I MOSTLY LISTEN TO  THE ROCK OF 60'S, 70'S, BUT THERE ARE SOME BANDS  IN THE 90'S THAT CAN GET  INTO MY HEAD, AND THIS IS ONE OF THEM.
0790729377|5.0|This is the movie that redefined acting. Marlon Brando gives one of the best performances ever given by any actor in the last century. Vivien Leigh also shines in a particularly difficult and un-likable role. Karl Malden  and Kim Hunter are also great. The story and screenplay are memorable, but  what leaves the impact are the perfectly-staged scenes between Brando and  Leigh, every time Brando is on, the screen explodes. Deffenitely one of the  all time greats and a great example of what great ensemble acting can do.  See this movie. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 10!
006092988X|5.0|While many novels offer an escape through some fantastical storyline set in a faraway place, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is the kind of novel that makes you realize the universality of common feelings, frustrations, and  hopes--and the role that sorrow and sacrifice play in the development of  character.  One of my favorite scenes is that of the Charity Party, when  Francie is torn between her desperate longing for the doll being offered to  any &quot;poor child named Mary&quot; and her resentment towards the manner  in which affluent individuals approach giving. The author allows Francie to  be a child--she lies in order to receive the charity doll, knowing that on  the stage in front of her neighborhood peers she is both pathetic for  taking charity as well as envied for owning such a rich toy.  However,  despite giving in to her desire, Francie is also a spirit beyond her years.   She walks home both clutching her doll and cursing the insensitive givers,  cyring out that for once, people should give to the poor without having to  say, &quot;I am rich and you are poor.&quot;  Another remarkable aspect of  the book, further demonstrating it's stark realism, was the fact that  Francie never places moral judgement on her father.  If we contrast A Tree  Grows in Brooklyn with Angela's Ashes, we see two opposing manners in which  families respond to alcolohic fathers.  Francie's strength, we may surmise,  is most likely a product of her genuine belief that she led a happy  childhood with two loving parents that had her best interests in mind.   While she may later look back and realize her father's problems robbed her  of some opportunity, her sense of security and love for her father would  still remain intact, and judging from the role her father played in the  household, Francie seemed to need a tender male role model to counter her  mother's harsh pragmatism towards her children.  We also see this in  Francie's reaction to her ignorant writing teacher's claim that Francie's  stories were &quot;ugly,&quot; as Francie recognized that these tales  (which were about her relationship with her father) were important and  beautiful enough to be saved.<br />A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a book that  provides deep insight as to how individuals can be stronger, wiser, and  more grounded.  Above all else, it is an essay on love, trust, and  suffering as it relates to the character strength humans need to be  survivors.  It was after reading this book that I realized for the first  time in my life that suffering, though difficult to ride through, really is  one of the most positive influences an individual can experience.
B00000J2KX|1.0|This movie, while being a film from the great Stanley Kubrick, is nothing short of horrible. While containing small aspects of what the book wished to convey, there is nothing believable about this movie, unlike the totally  engrossing novel. This movie tends more to concentrate on the effects of  blood and gore, showing scenes of two little girls' chopped up bodies, Jack  sinking an axe into Halloran's heart (VERY GRAPHIC), and a possessed Danny  who talks to his finger in a voice that seems to come straight from the  catacombs of hell. Maybe that is what Mr. Kubrick wished to convey, but it  certainly does not do justice to the brilliant novel. Even the room that  Danny is warned about, Room 217 in the book, is changed to 237 in the  movie. WHY? And what is with that stupid maze thing in the garden? It makes  no sense to me. This movie as a whole doesn't make sense, but then we soon  forget that Kubrick's last film, Eyes Wide Shut, made no sense either. This  is not a movie for fans of the novel, and if you want a movie that follows  the novel, then try to find the 1997 miniseries starring Rebecca de Mornay  and Steven Weber. That's the best.
0140177396|4.0|Of Mice And Men is story of two young men (Georgr and Lennie) who travel from ranch to ranch. It was unsual the ranch life, that two men would stick together for so long. The ranch life was a everymanforhimself life, but  Lennie and George went through it together. Besides the affection that they  had for each other, what held them together was common dream. They dream to  buying a little ranch to grow their own crops and animals.  Lennie was  big (hard-worker), but he had sort of a mental disorder, while George was a  small but meticulous man, who looked after Lennie all the time. I meant  almost all the time, until the day that he went to the town (to drink) and  left Lennie along in the ranch, and Lennie did something that shattered  their dreams (forever).  What I liked more in the story was simpathy of  the characters (ranch workers), in the begining they seemed to be mean and  anti-social , but then they started to get along with George and Lennie in  a very social way
B00000J7J4|5.0|An album that has graced my collection for six months now, and is first choice when people are over.  I am a Santana fan from years ago and when the local radio station started playing tracks from this CD last year I  instantly liked it.  The guest artists include Eric Clapton, Eagle Eye  Cherry and Everlast.  Key tracks include 'The Love of My Life' with Dave  Matthews, 'Maria Maria' and the brilliant 'Africian Bamba'.  This album is  guaranteed to get you on your feet, and appreciate what music really is  about. ENJOY !
B0000029GA|5.0|If you were to say Illmatic is the best hip hop album ever you could put up a very good argument. Nas paints perfect pictures with a fast and complex delevery. You wont hear a bling bling or a brag about a car hear.  From the sad &quot;One Love&quot; to the fast feestyle of  &quot;Represent&quot; this album is just straight lyrics. Nas is  complemented with some of the best beats, from some of the best beat makers  (L.E.S,Pete Rock,Q-Tip,LP and DJ Premier). Is it as good as &quot;Enter the  Wu-Tang&quot;,&quot;Criminal Minded&quot;,&quot;The Chronic&quot;?....well  you'll never press skip, you'll hang on to every word, the beats will make  you nod your head and you'll love it in 2000 just as much as hip hop heads  did in 1994
B000002KYB|5.0|Most people associate Dire Straits &amp; Mark Knopfler  with &quot;Sultans of Swing&quot;, &quot;Money For Nothing&quot; and &quot;Walk of Life&quot;.  In 1982, 3 years before the release of the mega-hit album Brothers in  Arms, Dire Straits produced a masterpiece with Love Over Gold. Telegraph  Road, Private Investigations and the title track is a classic marriage of  wonderful lyrics and exceptional musicianship.
1573226521|5.0|I read The Beach in 9th grade for school in an extra credit group.  Ever since then I've loved it.  The plot is a modern &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; which reaches out to people from our generation to teach us that there is no such thing as a utopia.  No matter where you go, people  are the same and no change of environment will change our natuures to  destroy our surroundings.  The Beach's main charecter, Richard, is a great  narrator for the story, and Garland's writning style is brilliantly  engaging.  When I read articles on the movie last year, I was  estatic...until I finished reading them and saw that Leo was going ot be  Richard.  &quot;That idiot actor will ruin the story&quot; I htought to  myself.  I was surprised.  The movie was horrible compare to the book, but  not b/c of Leo.  Rather, b/c one of the most important charecters, Jed, was  not present in the movie!  What were they thinking!  I strongle recommend  this book
B00002E23E|3.0|This was clearly not the best performance that they were capable of, but what the hey- where else do you get to see Jimmy Page beating on his guitar with a violin bow?<br />Contrary to the opinions expressed by others, I sorta  like the little dramatic bits inserted here and there throughout the movie.  They can be cheesy at times, but the Jimmy Page / Hermit of the Tarot bit  in the middle of &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot; is really very  cool.<br />There are, however, continuity problems that any die-hard zep fan  will notice right away. Bad edits, if you will. You can clearly tell that  they cut and pasted two or three performances together, which would be  fine... except for the fact that they do it RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF SOME OF  THE SONGS! They chopped off a huge portion of &quot;Whole Lotta Love.&quot;  <br />Except for the obvious problems with this film, it's still Zeppelin...  and if you're reading this, you probably are already familiar with the  movie and its contents... after all, most people considering buying this  disk are probably already huge fans, and would buy it no matter how bad the  film was.<br />Buy it! It's cheaper than the soundtrack album, and it contains  many songs not on the album.
B000001FA4|3.0|Goodbye, Steve Lillywhite!  Hello, Brian Eno!   Goodbye, hard-rocking immediacy!  Hello, mystical murkiness!  Goodbye, unassuming politcal outrage!  Hello, grandiloquent political outrage!      Oh, and  goodbye, Ireland!  And a big fat \\"howdy, pardner!\\" to America!       Truly hard-core, dyed-in-the-wool U2 fans swear by this album, but to me The Unforgettable Fire represents everything that I love and hate about U2 embodied in a single disc.  Unlike War, which despite its political ambitions wasn't the least  bit overblown and pretentious, on The Unforgettable Fire U2 (and partners  in soundscape crime Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois) find that line between  modesty and pomposity and trip right through its wires.  Some of the music  on this album is far and away the greatest that the band ever did.  \\"Elvis Presley And America,\\" on the other hand, makes me want to slap these guys  and scream \\"what on EARTH WERE YOU THINKING?\\"    Luckily, the good outweighs the bad, in a way which it would do less and less as time went on.  Somewhere else I said that \\"Sunday Bloody Sunday\\" was U2's best 4   minutes on record.  I lied.  \\"A Sort Of Homecoming\\" blows it out of the  water like a big American depth charge bearing down on a helpless little  German U-Boat.   5  minutes?  I wish it was 25  minutes!  If you're ever  driving in the snow, you know which song to put on.  And \\"A Sort Of  Homecoming\\" is a perfect illustration of U2's new \\"sound\\"-courtesy of Eno  & Lanois-soupy, hazy, watery, and more adjectives that connote liquid.   And I like it!  Definitely my cup o' meat.      The only song on here that  DOESN'T sound like that is, ironically enough (or naturally?), the big hit,  \\"Pride (In The Name Of Love).\\"  Alright, I have a wracked conscience about  this song.  Of course it sounds great, and vibrates and drives like...like  something that vibrates and drives.  Music's great, in other words.  But  the lyrics?...Look, did Bono REALLY think that the most profound addition  hecould make to the legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr. was \\"they took your  life but they could not take your pride?\\"  That irks me to no end.  Acting  as if he finally placed the capstone in our view of MLK.  (I can just  envision him saying \\"Without \\"Pride,\\" none of King's struggle makes sense,  mate!  Yeah, he did it in the name of love, man....\\")  And King was shot in  the afternoon, bozo, not in early morning.      But they make up for  it (but not for \\"Elvis Presley\\") with \\"Bad.\\"  Whoa.  Most definitely *not* bad.  On principle alone I have to admire anyone who attempts to write the Legendary Song With One Chord (\\"Uncomplicated\\" by Elvis Costello & The  Attractions, \\"The Word\\" by The Beatles, etc.), but I really admire anyone who makes a GOOD song out of it.  Which this most definitely is.  A hypnotic chanter, it just builds and builds until this wonderful \\"I'm WIDE AWAAAAKKE\\" chorus where you just know Bono is completely in love with the sound of his own voice but it's alright because you are as well.      Other  highlights are the thunka-thunka-thunka clip of \\"Wire\\" and the  anti-Nuke \\"The Unforgettable Fire,\\" but that only comprises half  of the album.  The OTHER half is just - in all honesty, though I'm afraid  I'm going to pay for this statement with bad attacks by U2 fans - aimless  noodling.  There's no point to listless songs like \\"Promenade\\" or  drifty ambient experiments like \\"4th Of July,\\" and  \\"MLK\\" is simply an inferior imitation of \\"40.\\"  Worse,  \\"Elvis Presley And America\\" stands, even in the eyes of most U2  fans, as the single most embarrassing track the band put out in the 1980's  - a muddled stream of consciousness about its namesakes - and it's SEVEN  AND A HALF MINUTES LONG.  A small eternity of torture.      So that's The Unforgettable Fire: half brilliant, half boring.  Fortunately, the brilliant half is of such high quality as to alleviate the mediocrity of some of the bad tracks, but not completely.  This should be somewhere around your4th U2 purchase, after The Joshua Tree, Boy, and War.
6305538018|5.0|Okay, I'm no Cronenberg devotee but I found this movie hugely entertaining. The plot twists were great. The ending was even better...it was supposed to leave you shocked. It is a sci-fi thriller that doesn't  spend any time noticing its a sci-fi movie (that didn't make any sense)  Some people will probably know what I mean. Anyways, great flick great  acting and a great debut for Natural Nylon!
B00004LN16|3.0|AC/DC has been accused of many things over the past 25 years, but subtlety and lack of a good time are not two of them. The band's direction and sensibilities have changed little over that time, but AC/DC has perfected  the art of harsh, abrasive, full-throttled three chord metal so well, that  nothing thev'e done has ever seemed to crass, bland and predictable.  However, since the early 80's, nothing that AC/DC has done (with the  possible exception of 1990's The Razor's Edge) has exactly set the world on  fire either. It's been five years now since Ballbreaker was released, so no  matter what the depleated state of hard rock in the past few years may be,  there are still quite a few people around who have been awaiting AC/DC's  latest effort, Stiff Upper Lip. All in all, the album is consistent and  solid like AC/DC themselves. Energetic Brian Johnson vocals blended with an  invigorating rhythm section that backs up Angus Young's superbly consistent  three chord wizzardry. However, there is also no reason why Stiff Upper Lip  should be in anyones C.D. rotation a month from now, nor does it stick out  in the band's impressive catalogue. The title track, album opener and first  single is also the best cut on the record, as it recalls the typical bluesy  based rhythm with an anthematic chant like &quot;Dirty Deeds Done Dirt  Cheap&quot;. Other excellent tunes would be the humourously titled &quot;I  Feel Safe In New York City&quot; and the snarling Malcolm Young vocals on  the fist pumping &quot;Come And Get It&quot;. From there however, Stiff  Upper Lip suffers from a lack of focus and hooks that should leave most  listeners satisfied but a bit dry. Not that there's anything bad about the  album though, as the blues roots are more displayed and commendable here  than perhaps on any other AC/DC record. The band does mix things up a bit  touching on the more peppy sounding &quot;House Of Jazz&quot; over to the  dark and gloomy &quot;Damned&quot;. &quot;Give It Up&quot; has some of the  same vigor of AC/DC's glorious recordings in the 1977-82 period. &quot;Hold  Me Back&quot; and the apply titled &quot;Can't Stand Still&quot; swing with  a style and energy not found on most latter day AC/DC recordings. The rest  of Stiff Upper Lip is filled out with solid if somewhat undistinguished  rockers that would serve as even better filler, had there been more songs  succeptable to radio play. One major draw back with the more blues based  AC/DC sound is although instrumentally the band sounds excellent, the  lyrics are to enamored with the classic blues sound. Many of the verses on  certain songs repeat chroses way too often and make AC/DC look like rookies  (which they are certainly not) at their craft. In all, Stiff Upper Lip  falls somewhere between Ballbreaker and the Razor's Edge in quality which  means it's considerably better than the rest of their hard rock  contemporaries. It is becomming obvious though, that AC/DC's best songs,  albums and years are well behind them.
6305603847|5.0|What can I say? The coolest musical pieces from The Wall weren't even on the album... like the intro to &quot;Young Lust,&quot; where he does the 'Shall we buy a new guitar? Shall we drive a more powerful car?' routine...  these are great musical moments that were never before available on a  CD-quality format. Now it's on DVD. It's better than owning the album. Even  the mellowed-down version of &quot;Mother&quot; is cooler.<br />But if you're  reading this, you're probably already familiar with this movie. The DVD  edition of it has lots of cool stuff though. If you are a potential VHS  customer, I would recommend you buy yourself a DVD player just on the merit  of this movie alone. You won't regret it!<br />Buy it today! Way Cool!
B000001FTQ|2.0|Ah, there's something about record companies...<br />Wide Awake In America, like its low-cost twin Under A Blood Red Sky, was originally released as a budget-priced EP for the American market in the wake of U2's epochal  performance at Live Aid, and it features only four songs - two live songs  taken from the Unforgettable Fire tour and two studio outtakes from the  sessions for the album.<br />  And what's actually here is quite good.  The  live selections are arguably the two best songs from The Unforgettable  Fire, &quot;Bad&quot; and &quot;A Sort Of Homecoming,&quot; and while I  initially found the performances disappointing, that was an illusion  perpetrated by the fact that they're DIFFERENT from their original  versions, but actually quite equal in quality as well.  &quot;A Sort Of  Homecoming&quot; is the most radically altered, with a slower, almost  incantatory opening, and a shortened length.  At first I missed the  windswept passion of the studio cut, but this performance has an ambience  all its own, and one which is just as valid.  &quot;Bad,&quot; on the other  hand, simply BLOWS the original performance away.  It's longer, more  hypnotic, and features a wash of crystalline synthesizers.  Truly  amazing.<br />The studio tracks are darn good too: &quot;The Three  Sunrises&quot; is arguably better than half of the tracks which made it  ONTO The Unforgettable Fire (&quot;Promenade,&quot; &quot;Indian Summer  Sky,&quot; &quot;4th Of July,&quot; &quot;Elvis Presley And America&quot;),  but I can see why it was excluded, as its sound wasn't in keeping with that  LP's atmosphere.  &quot;Love Comes Tumbling&quot; is less distinguished,  just a groove really, but certainly no travesty.  <br />So all's good, except  for the fact that there are only 4 songs and 20 or so minutes on this CD.   And it sells for full price now, where it originally was budget-line.   Also, the two studio songs are available on the B-sides CD of the new  Best-Of.  So it's good, but for the price of $10 to $16, it's simply not  worth it.  Get it to complete your collection once you've decided you're a  fan, and if it's live U2 you crave, get the stunning Under A Blood Red Sky  instead.
B00000I5MH|5.0|Well, certainly, this is only a 'best of cd' so there are some good songs like Band on the run, Jet, We all stand together, and so forth... However, if you want a really great album by Paul McCartney, get yourself Wings Over  America and/or McCartney - which are Paul McCartney from his best  side.<br />But overall, if you don't know any of Paul's songs (unlikely) you  might wanna check this one out first to see what sort of music he does.   Believe me IT RULZ!
6305750750|2.0|With the exception of some exciting scenes (pod race, light saber fight), this movie was a disappointment.  The potential was there, but it turned out to be a real snoozer.  The special effects are first rate, though.
1558803688|5.0|it is the best movie! i saw it when i was 10 and i feel in love even though it is for older peeps.it has a great plot and an all star cast this movie kicks a**
B0000027F8|5.0|&quot; The rich declare themselves poor / And most of us are not sure / If we have too much / But we take our chances / 'cause God 's stopped keeping scores ...... Turn his back / And all God's children crept out the back  door.......So may be we should all be praying for time...&quot;<br />First of  all, as a teaser / appetizer, all 10 numbers are excellent and reflects  Michael' s artistic gifts as well as his more sensitive, delicate  sides..... The universal truth that GM, in addition to writing most, if not  all, of his numbers in his album, also arranged &amp; produced his own  music as well as occasionally play some or all instruments to some numbers,  allows me ( as a reviewer ) to be fully comfortably capable of relating  almost all elements of this album from cover concepts, in which GM usually  take part more or less too, to the songs themselves.....<br />This album is  the perfect combination ( pop music thangs and intellectual messages  ).....This is one of the most talented performers, with his OWN free will,  who dared to be different and do what he believed in..... Which reflects  these thangs in his contribution..... He' s always known what he wanted to  do....FROM FANTASTIC.... to FAITH... And now ladies and gentlemen, for  Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1, it's his turn ( 1989 ) to indulge his own  self musically; to be so genuine to his own self and / or even to  self-actualize.......And Listen...is the consummate vehicle for this trek  to the road to SELF-ACTUALIZATION... <br />However, to make sure mainstream  market won' t desert him on sales volume basis, &lt;&lt; Praying for Time  &gt;&gt;and &lt;&lt; Freedom 90 &gt;&gt; became the first two singles to  have been released and  proudly peaked themsleves in TOP 10 US charts......  NO DOUBTS.....Just like his to-be-released-several-years-later OLDER album  which includes Jesus to A Child &amp; Fast Love for the same  purpose.....Again, THEY WON&quot; T GO WHEN I GO proves that GM is one of  thebest soul singers, be it black or white, still alive.....On  BOTH  technical and soulful levels........With the 60s-style drum samples,  hip-hop / R&amp;B flava hynotizing, lingering sounds of keyboard and of  course the great messages by the great sound of angelic vocals, WAITING FOR  THAT DAY is for sure a CREME de La CREME of R&amp;B dance number in  1989.... Not yet done... GM is COOLERRRRRRRR than this.... Fancy a kind of  BALLET dancing ?    Please feel free to do so to MOTHERS PRIDE.....Next  time if GM ever wants to create any ballet-oriented music, pleeeeeeeeeease  let him do so.....Now ..want some spices of REGGAE flava ? OK, check out  SOUL FREE to free  your soul.... <br />Whether you do want musical  entertainment only or food for thoughts too, this album will give it all to  you..........<br />George Michael has come a long, long way / And one thing we  know for sure / That he is here to stay...<br />So check it out just RIGHT  ABOUT NOWWWWWW......<br />As usual, have a nice day of listening without  prejudice.......#Shin H. Piyakulkunakon Michael
B000002GJ7|5.0|This cd is great.Every song is cool.Songs like Decadance Dance,Get The Funk Out,More Than Words and Hole Hearted are true daimonds of todays music.Rest of the songs are also great.This album is MUST HAVE.
B00002Z88D|3.0|Its ok. The highlights are &quot;battery&quot; and the best song on the ablum &quot;one&quot;
0385474547|4.0|Things Fall Apart is by Chinua Achebe on an Ibo/s Clan in Africa. It was all based on the main character of the book, Okonkwo. He lived in Umuofia with his family and all his fellow clansmen. He was a great man and  respected by many people. Okonkwo wanted to achieve lots of fame and  wealth, which he has, so that he doesn't turn out like his father Unoka.  During the book Okonkwo and his family prepare like they always do every  year for the time of rains and for the harvesting of the yams. But these  next few years were filled with many changes. For one thing a new member  was added to Okonkwos household, this young man was called Ikemefuna. At  first Ikemefuna was just another person filled with work by Okonkwo. He  later was admired by Okonkwos children and even became Okonkwos  &quot;adopted son.&quot; But due to the order of the High Priestess he was  sent to his death. Even with this tragic moment the story goes on. The  harvesting came and went as the time went by. One day Okonkwo broke the  rules of the Clan and was exiled along with his family! It was a bad time  for Okonkwo because it destroyed most of his plans for gaining more titles.  Okonkwo and his family left Umuofia to their &quot;motherland&quot; Mbanta.  Here they began their lives again. With the help of Okonkwos family they  built a compound and planted yams.  Time went by and Okonkwo and his family  couldn't go back to their &quot;fatherland&quot; until the time of seven  years have passed. During those times in Mbanta the whitemen came to  Africa. The Catholic Missionaries went from city to city spreading their  faith and preaching of God. The clan was being split in two, converts went  with the whitemen and their way of life and faith, and the other half made  up of the still standing clansmen from this &quot;invasion&quot;.  Laws  were made to support the life of the newcomers and the clan's couldn't do  much else. This is the type of land Okonkwo and his family returned to, the  once greatUmuofia feared by other clans, was now becoming just like  &quot;women&quot;. Okonkwo was a man of war and only wanted to rid his land  by force! But his clan didn't support him, so enraged with anger Okonkwo  killed an official and then it lead to his own suicide. <br /> I  personally enjoyed this book! It was interesting to read of African Culture  and their way of life before it was changed. It was an in depth book and  was something I couldn't stop reading until I reached the end! It's a must  read!
B0000027F8|5.0|&quot; The rich declare themselves poor / And most of us are not sure / If we have too much / But we take our chances / 'cause God 's stopped keeping scores ...... Turn his back / And all God's children crept out the back  door.......So may be we should all be praying for time...&quot;<br />First of  all, as a teaser / appetizer, all 10 numbers are excellent and reflects  Michael' s artistic gifts as well as his more sensitive, delicate  sides..... The universal truth that GM, in addition to writing most, if not  all, of his numbers in his album, also arranged &amp; produced his own  music as well as occasionally play some or all instruments to some numbers,  allows me ( as a reviewer ) to be fully comfortably capable of relating  almost all elements of this album from cover concepts, in which GM usually  take part more or less too, to the songs themselves.....<br />This album is  the perfect combination ( pop music thangs and intellectual messages  ).....This is one of the most talented performers, with his OWN free will,  who dared to be different and do what he believed in..... Which reflects  these thangs in his contribution..... He' s always known what he wanted to  do....FROM FANTASTIC.... to FAITH... And now ladies and gentlemen, for  Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1, it's his turn ( 1989 ) to indulge his own  self musically; to be so genuine to his own self and / or even to  self-actualize.......And Listen...is the consummate vehicle for this trek  to the road to SELF-ACTUALIZATION... <br />However, to make sure mainstream  market won' t desert him on sales volume basis, &lt;&lt; Praying for Time  &gt;&gt;and &lt;&lt; Freedom 90 &gt;&gt; became the first two singles to  have been released and  proudly peaked themsleves in TOP 10 US charts......  NO DOUBTS.....Just like his to-be-released-several-years-later OLDER album  which includes Jesus to A Child &amp; Fast Love for the same  purpose.....Again, THEY WON&quot; T GO WHEN I GO proves that GM is one of  thebest soul singers, be it black or white, still alive.....On  BOTH  technical and soulful levels........With the 60s-style drum samples,  hip-hop / R&amp;B flava hynotizing, lingering sounds of keyboard and of  course the great messages by the great sound of angelic vocals, WAITING FOR  THAT DAY is for sure a CREME de La CREME of R&amp;B dance number in  1989.... Not yet done... GM is COOLERRRRRRRR than this.... Fancy a kind of  BALLET dancing ?    Please feel free to do so to MOTHERS PRIDE.....Next  time if GM ever wants to create any ballet-oriented music, pleeeeeeeeeease  let him do so.....Now ..want some spices of REGGAE flava ? OK, check out  SOUL FREE to free  your soul.... <br />Whether you do want musical  entertainment only or food for thoughts too, this album will give it all to  you..........<br />George Michael has come a long, long way / And one thing we  know for sure / That he is here to stay...<br />So check it out just RIGHT  ABOUT NOWWWWWW......<br />As usual, have a nice day of listening without  prejudice.......#Shin H. Piyakulkunakon Michael
B000003CMB|5.0|I am primarily a lover of classical music. My roommate in College forced me to listen to this in the seventies. I was flabbergasted. Not only is there jazz and blues in the music, but the structure, the crescendos, the  &quot;evocativeness&quot; of the music and the tightness of the band remind  me of Beethoven with electric guitars. Don't call this rock. When has rock  ever sounded like this? Just call it great music. E. Reed and Whipping Post  give me the chills. Very emotional.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is the best band ever! I love it I saw them live and they ROCK! This ablum has ASOME lryics! so powerful and means so much to me.
078322706X|5.0|&quot;Meet Joe Black&quot; is an absolutely amazing film!  The acting is great all around, and the cinematography is truly stunning.  The story is terrific, and Martin Brest's directing is superb. Its 3 hours will be too  long for casual viewers, but open-minded viewers will undoubtedly find  &quot;Meet Joe Black&quot; as wonderful.
B000002C1W|4.0|I remember when this album first came out, was it '87?  I bought it blindly, not knowing what I'd find.  I was NOT disappointed!  This album isn't DSOTM,WYWH, or even Animals.  It is as good as &quot;The Wall&quot;  even without Roger Waters.  I loved &quot;A New Machine&quot; (both parts)  but, my favorite song on this album is &quot;Terminal Frost&quot;, this  took me back to Dave's first solo album &quot;David Gilmour&quot; and also  to Rick Wright's &quot;Wet Dreams&quot;.  The direction was more  jazzy/fusion and I wish that They had done more of this type of music all  along. If only Roger, Dave, Rick and Nick could get past their differences  and move on to making new legends.
B00000K3UR|4.0|My sister's a big Adam Sandler freak and so we rented THE WATERBOY and BIG DADDY one weekend and watched them both. I have to say I really liked this movie. It was smart, funny, and heart-warming. It actually took a very  mature attitude to the situation of irresponsible parenting. And I never  thought I'd live to see the day when a famous Hollywood actor would say he  supported gay marriages. That was VERY mature of him and I was pleasently  surprised. And the ending was realistically wholesome. A great movie.
B000021XR5|3.0|There is only to goo songs on this ablum &quot;mc5&quot; and &quot;atlanta&quot;
B00004RFFM|4.0|&quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; is a fast-paced, sleek action thriller with interesting characters and ferocious sharks.  The special effects are very good, and the acting is superb, especially newcomer Saffron Burrows and the  great Samuel L. Jackson.  The unpredictability level is high, and that's  probably the reason it's so good.  Just when you think one person will die,  it's another one instead.  Watch this movie.  You won't be disappointed.
038542471X|5.0|John Grisham is my favorite author.  He is without a doubt THE BEST, not one of the best but THE VERY BEST legal thriller writer of our time!   Anyone who can read will like this book!   If you like science-fiction,  techno-thrillers, or horror, it doesn't matter!   Try this book right  now!  I guarantee that after reading just the first chapter you will be  hooked!  It is great!  This is the first Grisham book I read and the  first chapter alone convinced me that he is the best!
B00001OH1S|4.0|Rarely does one discover a CD that contains all the best music included in a film.  This indeed is one of those wonderful, rare occasions.  Though a brief recording (only about 40 minutes of song), the very classy jazz  reflects the outward sophistication and sumptuousness of the film itself.   Though most of the more memorable orchestral pieces are included, the true  winner on the soundtrack is &quot;Sinnerman&quot; which lasts for more than  10 minutes.  A fast, simple and philosophical romp, the song is featured in  the film's climax and was what attracted me to the soundtrack in the first  place. &quot;Windmills of Your Mind&quot; was another pleasant surprise on  the soundtrack, performed by Sting in an uncharacteristically smooth  performance.  This CD is definately worthy of any soundtrack-buff or jazz  fan's musical library.  Check it out!
B000002J0G|5.0|Normally I hate &quot;death metal&quot; vocals, and this CD has a few songs that use them, but I love this cd.  As good as &quot;The New Order&quot; is &quot;Low&quot; shreads it.  James Murphy is a great  guitarist, and plays much heavier than Skolnick did.  I would have to say  this is the best Testament CD, but I may change my opinion once I hear  &quot;the Gathering&quot; with Lombardo on drums.   Highlights are,  &quot;Dog Faced Gods&quot;, &quot;Low&quot;, and &quot;all I could  bleed&quot;.
0684872153|4.0|Let me tell begin by saying that I have been haunted by this memoir for months now.  I didn't write a review immediately; rather I've been getting this aftertaste of this book since it's completion.  I simply cannot stop  thinking of the sorrow and pain this family endured and everyone around  them for that matter.  When I first delved into this book, I got a bit  tired of the sing-song passages; but it's written with such simplicity and  frankness that it ties in with the &quot;complex simplicity&quot; of  McCourt's world as he knew it.  His dark descriptions were so vivid I  honestly felt hungry and damp while reading it!  The most inspiring aspect  is that Frank McCourt triumphed over all his diversities and actually  survived, for starters, and became a success.  I hadn't much knowledge of  Ireland especially during this bleak period until reading this.  When I  envisioned Ireland, I saw leprechauns and sunny, green fields, and Irish  eyes smiling; well, there was none of that here.  ANGELA'S ASHES is a  poignant testament of how the human spirit can prevail.
0201633612|4.0|Most standard data structures and algorithms are known by their name(s) eg. 'heap', 'quick sort'.  This book talks about solutions to recurring design problems and gives them standard names such as 'Visitor' and  'Abstract Factory' or at the very least the authors hope that they'll  become standard. They call these 'design patterns'.<br />The book's structure  is like this: an introduction, followed by a medium-sized example design,  followed by a standard-format catalog of 23 'patterns'.<br />The example is  well written but I haven't had the need to look at all 23  patterns.<br />They've followed architect Christopher Alexander's lead(The  Pattern Language). However, Alexander tends to focus more on the problem.  These authors focus more on the solution. Despite this, this book can raise  the consciousness level of average design practice and make it less of  black magic. However be warned that this has a heavy object oriented bias.
6305657947|5.0|Sexy, smart and brilliant. This movie has something for everyone. Action, romance, suspense. The cat and mouse chase between Brosnan and Russo is timeless, and thier both cool as cucumbers. I dont think i've ever seen a  movie where the music fits as well as it does with the whats going on in  the movie. This is a must see.
0060926317|4.0|I found the account of Marlo's walkabout simply amazing. It's true that this story is beyond civilized man's understanding, but I think that this is only because civilization has isolated us from our instincts, and we've lost touch with the natural world to a great extent. This account questions the way that humans interact with our planet. It makes me wonder whether we will ever fully realize how quickly we are exhausting our planet's natural resources, before it's too late to reverse our actions.
0783221487|4.0|The very first time I saw this movie was on television where they aired a special 190 minute version which contained important scenes and a more detailed introduction that makes the movie a lot easier to understand.   With out a doubt this has to be one of the greatest sci-fi movies ever made  visually. I have seen this movie countless times and each time I am amazed  by the special effects.  I gave this movie 4 stars and not 5 because you  have to watch it more than once to understand it.  There is just too much  going on in this movie than can be taken in the first time you watch it. I  also highly suggest watching the extended version to get a far better  understanding.  If you like to let your imagination go free, you will love  this movie as it will become one of your favorite movies ever as it has for  me.
0385474547|4.0|This book brought out a certain expression of truth and reality that gave me a different view on what Nigeria personally went through in such a horrible time.  In being Nigerian, Achebe was able to capture to truth  about how the country reacted in a fictional story.  By including a  historical truth in a story that gave one a sense of what really occurred  sets what Achebe can do out from everyone else.       The book was  well-written and stressed a strong point.  Achebe seemed to see a need for  those who don't understand the truth of the concept to grasp it better and  see what Achebe sees.  He was able to combine his writing talent and  ability with his knowledge and will to stress a point when he desires.        However, this book wasn't perfect.  If it was, I would've given it five  stars.  Achebe in this book used possibly too many names that were uncommon  and hard to remember.  I often found myself flipping back pages to remember  who he or she was and what significance they had to the story.  Also, when  it was translated to English, some Nigerian facts or understandings were  not completely cleared in English.  This sometimes made it hard to relate  and perplexed me.         But if those are the only flaws noticeable to a  reader like myself, I believe this book is noteworthy of a solid review.
6302969352|5.0|If you hate black and white movies with subtitles, think again. One night when I was sleeping at my friend's house he asked me that since I love Japanese history if I wanted to watch The Seven Samurai. Like any teen  being asked to watch a three and a half hour long foreign black and white  film I didn't expect to like it. I watched it and was instantly amazed at  the quality of this masterpiece. This movie is well written, well acted and  is highly entertaining. Surprisingly it will even make you laugh and it  isn't at corny acting. For anyone who hates black and white movies with  subtitles, watch this and it will change your mind. So if you like Japanese  history and swords then I would highly recommend this work of art.
B000007OY0|5.0|I won't spoil the movie, but I will say that Shawshank has the best ending of any movie I've ever seen. I agree with the reviewer who said he'd kill to see it for the first time again, but I've seem this flick 20-30 times  and I still want to stand up and cheer everytime I see the climax. I also  give the movie kudos for its discretion. It certainly earns its R rating  (it is a prison movie, after all), but it only includes enough graphic  content to get the point across.  Finally, I agree that the acting is  terrific and the movie takes you on an emotional roller coaster ride from  start to finish. All in all, one of my favorites.
B000002ULO|4.0|Flaming Pie is the kind of an album I hope for when I buy a Paul McCartney CD.  Yes, I'm a big Beatles and McCartney fan.  I usually find myself a little disappointed with some of his work.  Like everyone else, I expect  another masterpiece.<br />While Flaming Pie is not by any means a masterpiece,  it is a brilliant collection of pop/rock &amp; roll songs.  He seems looser  than previous albums.  Unlike &quot;My Brave Face&quot; from Flowers in the  dirt (a lush multi-layered, high-energy production) the songs are more raw,  less rehearsed.  Take &quot;Really Love You&quot; for example.  Listen to  this song and you can imagine Paul coming in telling Ringo (who plays the  drums) and the other musicians, &quot;OK, I got this idea for a song but I  haven't really worked it out so let's just start jamming and see how it  goes...ah that's a take! &quot;<br />Like most of McCartney's albums, we get a  diverse mix of songs.  &quot;Calico Skies&quot; and &quot;Willow&quot;  bring out the more melancholy Paul while &quot;Used to Be Bad&quot; and  &quot;The World Tonight&quot; are more bluesy rockers.  We get the pop  &quot;Young Boy&quot;, &quot;Song we Were Singing&quot;,  and  &quot;Beautiful Night&quot; (a little light but catchy) and a couple less  than memorable tunes.<br />All in all, this album stands up to his best solo  work.  It reminds me of his earlier work (&quot;Ram&quot;).  Do I recommend  this one, why, yes I do.
6305609691|5.0|This is Conrad's allegory of life itself -- far more than a war movie about Vietnam, although it captures the insanity and confusion of war as well as any other (contrasted with the contrived political statement that  was Oliver Stone's &quot;Platoon&quot; -- the left-wing equivalent of  &quot;The Green Berets&quot;).<br />Coppola's direction is at peak form.  The  photography is spectacular.  It assaults you with one unforgettable moment  after another.<br />The great crime about this movie is that Hollywood ripped  off Coppola by awarding the Oscar to the mediocre &quot;Kramer versus  Kramer&quot;.
0312853238|5.0|I am in a High school Honers english class and we read this book for one of our novels and it was absolutly great.  We disscussed it in great detail but there was always more to say instead of less wich is a wonderful  comment in a book.  I am excited to read his next books and will fallow him  in his writing.  I apologize for this hasty (unhoners) level writting but I  have a great urge to read my book...Speaker for the Dead.
6305718954|1.0|As best I can tell, this movie appealed mainly to two groups: (1) adolescent males who think the quality of a movie is directly proportional to the number of special effects and the sound volume of the soundtrack;  and (2) embittered, hateful neurotics who get cranked on any movie  attacking religion generally or the Catholic Church specifically.<br />True  Sci-Fi fans will be disappointed.  This isn't even a good Exorcist rip-off.   The premise for the movie is unique, even though factually  void.<br />However, the WORST aspect of this movie is that it takes itself far  too seriously, and once it does that it collapses.  It degenerates into a  preachy, self-absorbed sermon --- exactly the type of religious mentality  it presumes to attack.
B00000IFWE|4.0|That's the only thing I can think of to explain why he starts this album with a slow one (&quot;Room At the Top Of the World&quot;) rather than something fairly upbeat (there are a few of those anyway). Maybe I'm  narrow-minded, but I think Petty is at his best when he rocks. What drew me  to him in the first place was his fusion of Byrds and Rolling Stones styles  (which hadn't occurred to me could be done). But all in all, this is a  fairly consistent Petty offering--not great/ not lousy.
0767849493|1.0|Wow, another film attacking religious views, written by someone whose narrow-minded viewpoints on the subject probably derived from tabloids and Oprah.  The film has well-written/acted funny moments, but then again, so  do Amos and Andy videos and the vintage black-face minstrel shows.  They  all share one thing in common -- they insult a &quot;group&quot; which is  (at the moment) hated by the Hollywood elite.<br />Don't get me wrong, if the  movie had any genuine substance to it, I'd probably get concerned.  But, as  it is, &quot;Dogma&quot; ultimately ends up a disappointment even as a  comedy.  In a couple of years it will be forgotten.
0312243022|5.0|Michael Cunningham's beautifully crafted work has left me connected yet far away; fulfilled, but still yearning...for what, I'm not quite sure.  Perhaps for more literature like this.  To create an homage to an icon like  Woolf is no mean task.  The author echos not only the themes of Mrs.  Dalloway, but the nuanced style as well.  In doing so, he manages to find a  completely original voice.  I long for more of Cunningham, but in the  meantime, I'm off to go re-read Mrs. Dalloway!
B000002GQE|5.0|The flow of this album is incredible, with captivating and meaningful music from the gong fading in at the beginning to the gong fading out at the end. I bought this disc primarily for Nights In White Satin, but this  album is so much more than one exceptional rock classic. It is the Moody  Blues' greatest triumph, and still holds up as one of the greatest albums  more than three decades later.
B00000IHHN|5.0|I have purchased both this CD and the double version, and I would just like to point out that, while the double one is astounding, if you have some money to spare, buy this version as well! The Esmeralda on this one  seems better, and the rest of the performances, while maybe not as  emotional, are beautiful and flawless. For simple entertainment, buy this  one to play to anyone (except they'll soon be hooked!)
0316920045|3.0|After I read this a couple more times, it'll either be a five or a one.  Not sure yet.
B00000JYGX|5.0|This double CD version, (as well as the French concept version), are entirely not to be missed! I can't help encouraging EVERYONE, French speakers or not, to buy THIS version, instead of the English one, which is  too cut to pieces, and a bit dull sounding. I have been collecting musicals  for... never mind how long, and I can freely call this one The best when it  comes to the performances, enthusiasm, passion, and absolutely gorgeous  music. Plamondon's lyrics are also good. I didn't speak one word of French  when I bought this CD, and the French concept, and I am now learning it,  not because I couldn't understand the story (most of the performances are  so strong-- Garou, Lavoie, Pelletier, Mervil, Fiori, that they simply tell  the story with the singing) but because I've become so enthusiastic with  the beauty of the language! Run, don't walk...
B00004LN16|5.0|This album IS way better than Ballbreaker, or any of the other Brian Johnson discs for that matter (with the exception of Razors Edge) I hope all of the AC/DC fans get behind this album, it really is a fun listen. As  always there's the caveat that the lyrics are dumb and the guitar playing  is simple... SO what? It rocks! Turn it up
0385424736|5.0|I read this book on an overnight train trip from Augsburg, Germany to Paris--and let's say I didn't get to sleep that night!  I liked the abrasive Mr. Rudy Baylor, felt sympathy for his client whose son is dying  of cancer, and though the ending was slightly unrealistic, I was glad that  Rudy and his girlfriend were able be together in the end.  Very  suspenseful, gritty, humorous and poignant--all at the same time.
B00004RF8J|4.0|When America offers something that original, grab it!The idea of a dentist (Steve Martin) who chooses dentistry because he was an extreemly cruel child, is only one of many scenes, deliverd with spectacular originallity.  This movie is full of humour rather than comedy. Some of us know the  different...
B0000042H4|1.0|Personally I hated it. The Ring is such an astounding piece that it either works or it doesn't - and this, for me, doesn't. I felt completely alienated from what was going on - where's the PASSION. This Ring seems to  have a heart of stone and left me cold. And I felt the much hyped  'theatricalty' of the sound made it seem very contrived. Wagner should FLOW  not be broken into bits like Solti does. Where's the long line and the  sense of structure. Sorry folks but No Way - this just doesn't make the  grade. If you want to hear how Wagner should sound then get Bohm's 60's  recording of Tristan und Isolde.
B000002H6C|4.0|I bought this album having only heard &quot;One&quot; before - a really great song, and the title track and &quot;To Live is to Die&quot; are awesome too. But who messed up the sound? There's almost no bass and the  guitars sound thin. If this had been better produced it might rival Master  of Puppets as their best CD. Okay, but it disappointed me.
6305657947|5.0|The movie was wonderful.  Pierce and Renee are a hot item on screen together.  The soundtrack is sexy and exciting.
B000002H33|5.0|I believe this to be Metallica's best album. Not a bad song on it and the sound is intense and unrelenting. They blend lightning-quick thrash (&quot;Battery&quot;) with classical loveliness (&quot;Orion&quot;)  sometimes going from somber tones to roaring metal in just one song  (&quot;Sanitarium&quot;). Ride the Lightning is wonderful too, but this is  better. An indispensible metal album.
B000002UAU|5.0|It's a landmark album, recorded after the group had become a studio band experimenting with new sounds and cryptic lyrics.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is too good to be true there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
B000002H2H|4.0|Ride the Lightning is second only to Master of Puppets in the Metallica library. The blinding speed of &quot;Fight Fire with Fire&quot; and &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; is balanced by the subtle dirge of &quot;Fade  to Black.&quot; Only objection: &quot;The Call of Ktulu&quot; is a bit long  and repetitive. No biggie. An overpowering guitar sound and unearthly  vocals make this one a keeper.
B000002UAR|5.0|It's a great album, recorded when the group had become a studio band.<br /><br />Beware of cheap knockoffs.  If the price is dirt cheap there is a reason for it.  Only buy from Amazon or a big box store.
B000002H97|4.0|I think this album is a bit overrated. It has some great songs on it such as &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Wherever I May Roam.&quot; But it's definitely not as &quot;heavy thrash&quot; as  their previous albums - I'm thinking more &quot;pop metal.&quot;  Nevertheless, well written and produced.
B000002KDO|5.0|After touring the States, Sabbath cut 'Master of Reality' in 1971. Third time lucky. Their sound is every bit as doomy as it was before but this time the tracks are better constructed. Although 'Children of the Grave' is  a locomotive sound a la 'Iron Man' method, it's faster, heavier and nastier  on playback. 'Sweet Leaf', arguably the best track on here, shows that the  Sabs are now leading with their brains (albeit doped up ones) rather than  with just their wrists and biceps. 'Solitude' is a soothing mood piece in  which (I believe) Ozzy Osbourne steps down from the mike and allows drummer  Bill Ward to step in. There are warm and interesting moments to be found  elsewhere such as the prelude works 'Orchid' and 'Embryo' that serve to  showcase the band's leanings toward progressive rock. Clearly, Iommi and  company were starting to think in earnest about expanding on the grunting  rager approach they'd forwarded in 'Paranoid'. 'After Forever', 'Lord of  this World' and 'Into the Void' are extremely heavy tracks which far  outshine anything Sabbath had done prior to recording this LP. These three  songs explore themes of death, the afterlife, global catastrophe and human  suffering. 'Into the Void' is the first song ever played to feature a  thrash guitar and smoulders brain cells with its harsh afterburn for six  minutes plus; 'Lord of this World' plays on a slower, more evil tempo, is  every bit as heavy in the guitar approach while the lyrics convey probably  the most sinister imagery Black Sabbath have ever concocted. 'After Forever  (including the elegy)' is a surprise piece because not only is it very fast  but it also shows Sabbath assuming a pro-Christian stance for once.       'Master of Reality' is Black Sabbath's shortest album, clocking in at under  thirty-five minutes. They've finally shaken free of the blues shackles that  had constrained their style on their first two releases. Not quite organic  or complex in sound, this album's success obviouslyrelied on its overtly  occult imagery and more concentrated hard rock numbers. However,  'Master...' is a far superior product to 'Paranoid' and 'Sabbath, Bloody  Sabbath' and if you're searching for that one old-lineup Sab album to stand  beside whatever greatest hits package of theirs you may own then you had  better get this.
B000001ESN|5.0|I have to admit I think this is their finest moment. &quot;The Spirit of Radio&quot; is perhaps their best pop-style song and a memorable intro, then &quot;Freewill&quot; comes in to blast one's eardrums. Longer  progressive pieces &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot; and &quot;Natural  Science&quot; draw the listener into folds of guitar-driven rock. Excellent  performances by all three band members. If you don't know Rush, this one is  a good choice to start with.
B00000JGOH|2.0|This movie is not worth two hours of your time, let alone an oscar for Gweneth.  P..lease!  Romeo and Julliet is much better than this...(Not the one with Clare Danes...)
B00001SIES|5.0|This CD surpasses every hope I've had of finding a great, artistic, alternative music band. It is the BEST CD I have bought in a long time.  Muse's songs express subversive charateristics that have yet to be obtained  by many other aspiring artists. If you enjoy bands such as Bush and Silver  Chair, you will be ecstatic when you hear and buy this CD.
B0000041CZ|3.0|Gulda's Bach playing is extremely aggressive and at times almost punishing.  He opens fugue subjects in the most brash and brutal way but can have an interesting appeal to them in how bold his playing is.  And  although his lines are crisp and articulation is clear this playing is a  bit to harsh for my tastes.  But, at a bargain price this may interest some  fans who are looking for something different in WTC interpretations.  The  sound is somewhat thin and dry but Gulda's thunderous approach at times  makes up for this.
0385474547|4.0|Chinua tells a tale about Okonkwo, a strong-willed man. Chinua shows how people, like Okonkwo, can \\"fall apart\\" through the pressure of change, especially by force. Okonkwo a native African tries to defeat white  settlers from changing his nation's cultures and religion, which was deemed  inferior to the white settlers. It is an eye opening book with a sense of  what reality really is.<br />There are many struggles, conflicts, and  mini-plots as well. This made the story interesting. The wrestling match  with Okafo and Ikezue was exciting and the image of the fight was clear and  graphic. Or times of sadness and a point of disgust, when many of Okonkwo's  children had died and the medicine man accused the children as evil. He  then mutliated one of the dead children and took him away, something that  would seem cruel and stupid today, a very serious crime. Or when Okonkwo  commits suicide through despair because he was unable to drive his  opponents away and to bring back his religion to his people.<br />A story that  can be so powerful that can bring both moods of excitement and joy to  disgust and despair is a very rare one indeed. It brings a sense of reality  while being entertaining at the same time. A very well-written book.
B000002WYT|4.0|Being one of the biggest Daveheads out there, I have scores of concert bootlegs, and so in order to properly review &quot;Crash,&quot; I had to go back and listen to the actual album so I could remember what the studio  recordings sounded like. There's always sort of an artificial feel to DMB's  studio recordings, mainly because they don't expand into eight and  12-minute jam sessions. They are simply the jam sessions reduced to an  album-length format. Because almost all of the songs on &quot;Crash&quot;  had been performed by DMB numerous times by the time they got onto and  album. <br />But all that aside, it's an excellent record. &quot;Crash&quot;  catches a lot of flak and criticism for being a departure from the original  highly organic sound of &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming.&quot; But it's  not as if this is an entirely different band. This was much more of an  electric album. Tim Reynolds' mind-blowing guest guitar work here is mainly  done with electics rather than acoustics, and so the sound is a little  edgier than Dave's fans were used to. I still have to commend Steve  Lilywhite (their producer) for his fantastic audio work in polishing DMB's  material. <br />But back to the album. There are very few songs on here that  are not really really good. The concept behind &quot;Crash&quot; (the song,  not the album) is really funny in that most people think it's a love  song... but listen to it closely... it's not. &quot;So Much to Say&quot; is  one of the most fun songs I've ever heard. The main songs that I have  problems with are &quot;Cry Freedom&quot; and &quot;Proudest Monkey.&quot;  &quot;Cry Freedom&quot; is really not that great of a song, even though its  message is, and &quot;Proudest Monkey,&quot; while the jam session for it  is really cool, is probably too long to be on a studio album (the song  clocks in at about 9:08). The main problem is that the instrumentation on  the jam is too sparse, unlike future sessions on &quot;Before These Crowded  Streets.&quot; <br />But the best songs on the album have to be &quot;Two  Step&quot; and &quot;Lie In Our Graves.&quot; &quot;Two Step,&quot; despite  not having a traditional rock rhythm until the chorus, is one of the most  rocking songs I have ever heard, and &quot;Lie In Our Graves...&quot;  well... I don't know. It just has something about it that makes it so cool.  I can't really explain it. <br />I'm a big fan of rhythm, and DMB definitely  has rhythm aplenty. Carter Beauford is the God of all drummers and Stefan  Lessard is probably the best bassist I've ever heard. &quot;Crash&quot; is  a very good album. Not the best DMB has released, but very good  nonetheless.
0871137380|5.0|It's striking to compare the beginning of this book with the beginning of Caputo's A Rumor of War. In both cases eager young warriors soon get to see &quot;the monkey show&quot;, as a civil war infantryman described armed  slaughter in a letter to his sister.<br />It's sad that we don't seem to learn  that our good intentions lead to difficult roads. Keith Richburg's book  about his visit to Africa is also helpful in understanding what lead to the  bloodbath described in this book.<br />This book describes the efforts and  heroism of young men trying to do an impossible task in  a backdrop of  calculated, drug-soaked nihilism. It can only be hoped that we remember and  learn from the price that they paid. An excellent follow-on to the  &quot;CNN phenomenon&quot; of intervention.
6305609691|5.0|If you are looking for a movie that glorifies WAR, then keep looking. This movie is a dark and emotional journey into the deep abyss. I found it riviting and exhasting. The DVD version of this epic is brillantly  stunning. The clarity of the widescreen is breath taking. I felt the  commentary of Coppola explaining the different versions of the film and the  myth of the destruction of the village quite interesting. This is a must  have for any DVD collection. IT is worth picking up just for the scenes  with the young Robert Duvall.
014028009X|5.0|I do believe that I think like Bridget Jones!  That is so awful!  I am an English major in an university and I often feel that I can't spell and that I fail this and that--those are exectially what Bridget has done in this  novel.  Yet, I can't blame her.  I think Fielding has captured an honest  portrait of the life of a single female at the end of the twentith  century--Life is tough, and, somewhere inside, she wishes that she were a  real woman whom men find attractive.<br />Actually, I find that Fielding makes  Austen's Pride and Prejudice appears to be ridiculous example on telling a  romantic story at the end of twentith century.  Bridget Jones doesn't have  much self-confidence, nor does Mark Darcy (I think).  Yet, the romantic  story of Bridget and Mark falls quite nicely into the plot of Pride and  Prejudice.  Obivously, Bridget Jones is not admiring Austen's Mr. Darcy,  but Andrew Davis's Mr. Darcy (aka Colin Firth) and Mark Darcy at once!   (Good God!  I have so much fun with it!)<br />Last note: v. v. v. g.
B00000K0E5|5.0|I have only seen one other James Bond film (Dr. No) so don't look to me on how this stacks up to the mythos that is Bond. But as it's own film it was great. Great action. Great story (that wasn't hard to follow at all). Great  girls. The only thing I didn't really appreciate about this film, was the  way they had to squeaze in some of the one-liners. Usually when I see a  PG13 rated action movie, I won't even give it a second look, but I'm glad I  purchased Goldeneye. Full recommendation on purchase.
6302759110|2.0|Why all the praise.  Interview With The Vampire is scarier and much more gorgeous.  There is no bad acting like Mr. Reaves.  This film was cheesy and cheap looking.  Winona is spectaculer and so are some other roles.  It  is also boring.  It does have some wonderful cinematogrophy but, it pales  in comparison to Interview.
6302293553|5.0|Monty Python is my favorite movie and for those of you who think this movie is below you or you're too good for it of it wasn't historically accurate, I say Ni to you, &quot;go boil your bottoms you silly English  kkknn..igts! Go watch it, it rocks.:)
B000000OQF|5.0|Appetite for destruction is one of the best selling debut albums of all time. It's the essence of Guns N' Roses, the bad boys from L.A.  This album was like a bucket of cold water for the music market. At the time, pop  metal and new wave artists were at the top of the charts, and everything  was sounding pretty much the same, then a band of outlaws come in with hard  music in the vein of the Stones, AC/DC and Aerosmith (and a lot of  influences more), some obscene lyrics and a streetwise attitude and changed  the rules. The album didn't got too much attention back in 1987. It took  almost two years to really get the attention and recognition it deserved.  The music talks for itself, it describes the band perfectly.<br />If you  decided to buy the album be sure about the version you want. There's an  edited version that remove big part of the spirit of the album  (&quot;bad&quot; words.) Also, there are more recent versions that don't  have the complete artwork and lyrics, just a photo and the credits. This is  concerning the CD version.<br />If you're searching for the original vinyl LP,  try to find the very first pressing, with a different cover (the central  picture in the CD booklet with lyrics.)
006097625X|5.0|I expected this book to be a witty and well-done presentation of mostly stuff that I already knew; but it was much more than that.  McCloud has a deep understanding of art and society and people, and a completely lucid  presentation.<br />There are neat and useful new ways of thinking about comics  here (his comparisons of American and Japanese comics, his theories of  panel transitions and why comic characters are sometimes drawn more simply  than the backgrounds, his comments on the psychological impact of color),  and for that matter ways of thinking about art in general, and design in  general.  And he makes masterly use of the comic medium itself to present  the material in a way that never drags or confuses.<br />I hope someone  programs the Orbital Mind Control Lasers so that McCloud extends this book  into a whole series on the theory and practice of comics, and another on  general visual design.  The world needs it!
6305177473|5.0|What can I say about this film that hasn't already been said?  It must be the film of the century.  It has some indefinable haunting quality that makes you watch it again and again.  The climax has got to be one hour into  the film when Annie reveals her identity to Chessy.  It still brings tears  of joy even after twenty viewings.  The music is so dramatic - one song  after another.  The orchestral music is so good that even the endless  credits at the end bring an unspeakable joy. P.S. I must give Martin the  butler a plug since he seems to have been ignored ; he is a wow!
B000020617|5.0|I love this album!  I have been a fan of Dave Grohl from his Nirvana days, and I think this album showcases his ability to craft hook-driven alternative rock that shimmers and floats better than most pop out there.  The album is 100% accessible, and does not rely on the tired grunge formula  of soft-loud or &quot;let's scream all the songs!&quot;  He seems to have  matured as a songwriter!  This is a great CD for fans and people who just  want to try out fighting the FOO!
B00004LN16|5.0|Best CD in years and the band continues to never change their style of hard rock to the top.I love this CD very much it's been long enough of a wait! (Welcome back aussie's)
B00003XB8K|3.0|Enigma has produced several albums over the years that combined unexpected elements like Indian chanting, Gregorian chants, and opera around a soft hip-hop beat and a whole swoosh of electronica.  This CD does not see any  new developments in the sound, and actually seems retro as it uses &quot;O  FORTUNA&quot; from Carl Orff's Carmina Burana.  That piece seemed to  resurge in the 80s in movies like EXCALIBUR, GLORY, and THE DOORS.  There  is already an excellent dance remix of the piece floating around out there!  If you like Enigma, by all means buy this CD.  If you don't know Enigma  then you need to start with the one with SADENESS on it.  By a long shot,  that is the BEST Enigma CD.  This one continues a tradition, and honestly I  could not tell it was new other than the inclusion of O FORTUNA.  But if  you liked any of the other CDS...this one is a safe bet.
B00000634L|5.0|bran van takes you through the pantheon of late 20th century popular music from college rock to hip hop and metal they continue to hit the mark both lyracley and musicaly.  you're never exactly sure if they are entirely  serious - yet somehow listening to the album you can become easily seduced  into its &quot;devil may care&quot; attitude.  This is the kind of album  that you can go back to again and again, discovering new highlights, but  always feeling at home.
630469654X|3.0|Fantasy fans- ENJOY! The music is horrible...  I rate the movie 3 stars due to the story alone. The effect, sound and vision is standard and a bit dated.
6305171769|3.0|Great movie: scary, funny, and two hott guys! Josh needs to comb his hair DESPARATELY but he's still a fox. And Jamie's boyfriend Adam is loomingly attractive. Luscious lips too. These movies need to think a little more  about including male nudity, though. A good idea or what?
6305657947|2.0|OK, I thought this would be more of an action movie... ITS NOT! It is quite OK but the story unfolds slowly and there is no action what so ever. Its one of those movies you dont have to concentrate to watch... just relax  have a beer and enjoy. The quality of the DVD is very good.
0553278355|4.0|The Bell Jar is a mysterious yet a lumionous novel. It starts off in New York City and takes us through Esther Greenwood's life. The novel is about the emotional problems that Esther faces in her young adulthood. Sylvia  Plath takes the reader through a intertwining road and keeps the reader  entertained at all times. The reader always is on the edge of his seat and  always has the urge to read on. The creative writing syle that Plath uses  is magnificent and unique. We have never come upon a novel so intriguing  and extravegant. We recommend this novel to all readers who enjoy  mysterious yet through-provoking stories. However, we do not recommend this  novel to young teenagers. This book has the tendancy to explore areas that  not many other novels have dared to do so.
6304458355|2.0|An average movie, the effects are a bit dated, but it is QUITE OK! The quality of this DVD is very good.
B00000J2SP|3.0|Even still, there are enough strong tracks to merit 3 stars.  &quot;Spotlight Kid&quot; and &quot;Can't Happen Here&quot; are great and would have fit nicely on &quot;Down To Earth&quot; (and been improved by  Graham Bonnet's vocals). &quot;No Release&quot; is kind cool, if a bit  generic, and the two instrumentals are just fine.  By the way, the  definitive version of the title track (Beethoven's Ninth) can be found on  &quot;Finyl Vinyl&quot; where it is performed live with full  orchestra--fantastic.<br />As for the rest, &quot;I Surrender&quot; and  &quot;Magic&quot; are attempts at pop, the former being marginally  acceptable and the latter just awful.  &quot;Freedom Fighter&quot; and  &quot;Midtown Tunnel Vision&quot; are just dull and generic with bad  lyrics.<br />Joe Lynn Turner is easily the least impressive of Rainbow's  vocalists, but he is still pretty good--just somewhat lacking in character.  Not a great album by any means, but there's lots worse.  And, hey, that is  Ritchie Blackmore on guitar.  How bad can it be?
B000000W5F|5.0|My favorite band is and always will be the Rolling Stones, so it was hard to decide which album to review. I pick Tattoo You because I think it is probably one of their best underrated albums ever. It is as simple as this:  if you truly like the Rolling Stones, then you'll like this album. It's got  their unique sound and Mick Jagger sounds as good as ever. They tried some  new things here and it shows how much they really &quot;change&quot; with  the times. Guess that is why they've lasted for so long. I'm not writing to  knock the Beatles like a lot of other &quot;fans&quot; of the Stones do  (sadly), but just to say this is a great album worth listening to.
B00000IMTE|4.0|Given the Dio/Blackmore combination (and the sound of the other Rainbow records of this era), you would expect this to be a really heavy hard rock album, but its not.  I think Blackmore was still suffering a funk hangover  from the last two Purple records which infects some of this, keeping it  from rocking as hard as it ought to (and making this the weakest of the  albums with Ronnie James Dio).  Actually, if you listen to  &quot;Stormbringer&quot; and &quot;Rainbow Rising&quot;, its easy to see  this as a transitional record between the two.<br />That said, Blackmore is in  great form here and the songs are generally pretty good.  The only complete  stinker is &quot;If You Don't Like Rock 'n' Roll&quot;.  This is a good  record, just lacking the expected heaviness and aggression.  &quot;Man On  The Silver Mountain&quot; and &quot;Sixteenth Century Greensleeves&quot;  are great songs, but these original versions barely hint at the power they  would have live.<br />I read somewhere that Blackmore originally wanted Purple  to cover &quot;Black Sheep Of The Family&quot;, but the rest of the band  refused.  Apparently, they were more interested in playing garbage like  &quot;High Ball Shooter&quot; and &quot;Holy Man&quot;.  Not that  &quot;Black Sheep&quot; is all that great, but it is better than most  everything on &quot;Stormbringer&quot;.
B000003TAW|5.0|I have owned this album since 1994.  I still have it in my heavy rotation. Actually, the title of this review may be a bit conservative...this is the best rock album since Led Zeppelin's &quot;Houses of the  Holy&quot;.<br />Every single song (and I do mean Every Single Song) is Grade  A. I'm hard-pressed to pick a favourite, but I think I'd have to go with  'The World Has Turned and Left Me Here&quot;.<br />I really can't think of any  other way of adequately expressing how wonderful (dare I say perfect?) this  album is. If you don't already own it, stop reading this review and buy it.   Now.
B000002AS3|5.0|Possibly the best album to come out of Britain in the 1990s, and definitely Oasis' best work to date &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; is admittedly brash and raw, but is as of yet the only album to even come near  to showing Oasis' true potential.<br />The high points are the thumping  opener, &quot;Rock 'n Roll Star&quot;, the tenderness of &quot;Slide  Away&quot;, and the majestic anthem that is &quot;Live Forever&quot;, but   the album is undeniably a classic in its entirety.<br />If you like Oasis, buy  it. (If you haven't already bought it.) If not, buy it anyway. It shows  that there's more to Oasis than limpid &quot;ballads&quot; and sub-standard  Beatles rip-offs.<br />Make no mistake, &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; is the  finest album Oasis have ever released.
0060930187|4.0|This book will suck you into the mind of Esther Greenwood right away.Sylvia Plath is an author with a confusing writting style yet interesting. This book has many flashbacks into past experiences that  Esther has had. This book may appeal to people who can relate to Esther.  Esther is a college girl who has a mental break down due to her busy life  in New York City, working on a magazine, and deciding what she wants to do  after college.
0380730405|4.0|Rebecca is a very interesting and exciting book!  It is very descriptive.  The characters are  complex, and mysterious.  It starts out a little bit boring, but the end is fantastic! Now that I've read the book, I can't wait  to watch the movie!  I give Rebecca four stars!
0780625129|5.0|THERE HAVE ALREADY BEEN A GREAT DEAL OF LONG, DETAILED REVIEWS WRITTEN FOR THIS FILM SO I AM GOING TO WRITE ONE THAT GETS STRAIGHT TO THE POINT- THIS FILM IS CHALLENGING, INSIGHTFUL AND EMOTIONALLY REWARDING AND NORTON'S  PERFORMANCE IS AWESOME. FURLONG IS ALSO EXCELLENT.  THE FILM WAS CRITICISED  FOR STEREOTYPING BUT I THINK THAT &quot;DANNY'S&quot; BEAUTIFUL RESOLUTION  MAKES HIM A VERY NON-TYPICAL KID AND &quot;SWEENEY&quot; IS NOT AN  OVER-EXAGGERATED, UNREALISTIC CARICATURE AS I KNOW SOMEONE VERY MUCH LIKE  HIM. THIS IS JUST A POWERFUL, SUPERBLY ACTED FILM AND WHILST IT MAY HAVE  SOME FLAWS IN ITS PRESENTATION, THE MESSAGE IS AN IMPORTANT AND PAINFULLY  RELEVANT ONE. DON'T MISS.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I really haven't listened to much of Santana... and I'm glad.  What's so great about this album?  Or maybe I should ask, why is his name on it?  I can't stand &quot;Smooth&quot; or that other new song.  Please, someone  explain to me what makes this guy such a &quot;talented&quot; musician!   (yanksarethebest@hotmail.com) p.s. I would've given 0 stars if it were  possible.
0792151712|4.0|OK I AM NOT A LEONARDO FAN ; NOT AT ALL ... SO I AM NOT WRITING TO SAY HOW WONDERFULL HE WAS IN THE MOVIE ; THE BESTS IN THIS MOVIE WERE BILLY ZANE &amp; KATE WINSLET (FINALY A REAL WOMAN NOT A TOOTH PICK ACTRESS ON THE  SCREEN ! ) AS FOR DI CAPRIO ... THERE ARE SO MANY OTHER ACTORS I WOULD  HAVE SEEN IN THIS ROLE... THE STORY IS BEAUTIFUL ; &quot;EAU DE ROSE&quot;  BUT WELL DONE ; NOT AS GOOD AS &quot;GONE WITH THE WIND&quot; BUT IN  BETWEEN THESE TWO MOVIES I DID NOT SEE ANYTHING LIKE THIS.
B00004LN16|2.0|I like Ac/Dc as much as the next guy but come on. Everyone of these songs sound similiar. Same bass line, same drum beat played at different tempos, Angus Young playing his &quot;look at me solos&quot;, and above it all,tone  deaf Brian Johnson croaking out asinine lyrics and repeating the song  titles 20 times.This album sounds like the unused material from Ballbreaker  only worse. Ac/Dc used to be fresh and original back in the 70's and early  80's, but now they just need to give it up, or at least put out an all  instrumential album.
B00004LN16|5.0|What a great album!  Everyone who liked Back in Black and Bon Scott AC/DC will love this one.  No album or recording I have listened to in the last ten years rocks with the pure power rock and bluesy feel of this one.   Brian Johnson was right in saying this was going to be a classic! SUL has a  very vibrant and upbeat sound to it--a definite cure for all blues.  This  is one of the top rock albums of our time!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I saw the film in raw, un-subbed Japanese from a copy a friend of mine bought in Japan, where it was already on video.  I must say that this is one of the absolute BEST anime that I have ever seen!  Truly, five stars  just isn't enough to give this masterpiece of Miyazaki's.  Truly, he  deserves the title, &quot;the 'Walt Disney' of Japanese animation.&quot;  On a personal note, however, I think Disney did him and his film a great  disservice releasing the English version of the feature only in select  theatres.  Once again, it is a prime example of how animation in this  country is never given enough credit.  Even though I had to read along with  the Japanese dialogue by English translated scripts off of the Internet, I  thoroughly and absolutely enjoyed this movie.  The visuals and story alone  ought to be enough to engross you in its spell, and its non-preachy,  semi-environmentalist message should be a delight for those with like  minds.  Truly, this movie has something for everyone.  Another keen  difference, however, is the fact that this differs from Miyazaki's others  for the maturity of the theme, and the amount of violence it contains, so I  strongly suggest that parents be cautioned before getting the notion of  buying this movie for their kids.  Remember that this is Japanese, not  American animation, and that its PG-13 rating isn't for nothing.  But all  in all, this is one piece of anime the average Otaku (if there is such a  thing ^_^) absolutely CANNOT be without.  This is one movie that is  destined to go down in anime history with such classics as  &quot;Akira,&quot; and &quot;Ghost in the Shell.&quot;  I, for one, can't  wait until it comes out on video, and am buying both DVD and VHS versions.  I give it my highest recommendation!  Get it!
B0000062FL|5.0|&quot;Abraxas&quot; is Santana's second album, released back in 1970 soon after his Woodstock appearance, and it is, along with &quot;Supernatural&quot;, his biggest selling success till now. It was one  of the albums of my childhood as my mother used to keep all the greatest  artists of the 70's (as Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin) on the records. A title  of the album originates from Herman Hesse's &quot;Demian&quot;, and its  remarkable, almost baroques cover-art with Santana's characteristic  inscription features all significant lines of flower-power movement: an  orange angel with violet wings and a black, naked-breasts woman as the  central figure of the painting, together with a white dove (often used  Santana's symbol in the future) placed between her legs. This  cover-painting is a good allegory of the music inside: &quot;Abraxas&quot;  is a real master-piece. It should be listened as the whole rather than  individual tracks. First side of CD is more melodic and it's opened by  easy-going instrumental track &quot;Singing winds, crying beasts&quot;,  built on a simple piano with a changeable-volume guitar. Using bass as a  link, this track gently flows into &quot;Black magic woman&quot;, an  addition piece of what we've already heard. Together with &quot;Gypsy  queen&quot; and &quot;Oye como va&quot;, this is the most powerful part of  &quot;Abraxas&quot; and it made Carlos one of the greatest musicians in  70's. I think everyone who is familiar with these songs share my opinion  that they really are entitled to such a high praise. The first side is then  closed with a knockable piece, &quot;Incident at Neshabur&quot;, often  played on Carlos's concerts (see &quot;Lotus&quot; album). &quot;Se a  cabo&quot; (&quot;It's over&quot; in Spanish) strikes immediately with  heavy congas and Carlos's characteristical guitar passages, leading on to  &quot;Mother's daughter&quot;, a vocal piece, interrupted with a beautiful  &quot;Samba pa ti&quot;, even today still very popular instrumental track.  &quot;Hope you're feeling better&quot; carries on with the rocky spirit of  this side, then it's closed up with short &quot;El Nicoya&quot;, where you  can easy imagine the group of men sitting around the crackling fire,  leaving you with a desire there was more music...<br />&quot;Abraxas&quot; is  the typical example of Santana's earliest albums. I'm aware that it's hard  for someone who hasn't heard anything from Carlos except &quot;Smooth&quot;  to appreciate this and other Santana's albums, but if you plan to purchase  something different, this is a good way to start. There's more to Santana  than just &quot;Supernatural&quot;!
B000002U82|5.0|IT IS TRUE.  You can start playing Dark Side of The Moon right after the roar of the MGM lion at the beginning of the movie &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; , crank up the stereo for the music of both the album and the  movie, and walla, the music of the two products mixes together perfectly.   Similarities include:<br />Dorothy meets the wicked witch of the west.  At the  same time, the song US AND THEM is playing.  The part comes when Gilmour  sings out the word: BLACK<br />At the same time, on the TV screen, the camera  is focused on the witch, dressed in black.<br />nexts words: AND BLUE<br />the  camera focuses on Dorothy. DO YOU GET THE IMPRESSION THIS IS THE MOST  THOUGHT-ABOUT, MOST MUSICALLY CHOREOGRAPHED ALBUM EVER? other  similarities:<br />The song THE GREAT GIG IN THE SKY plays during the entire  tornado and &quot;house in the sky&quot; scene.<br />If you own the cd of Dark  Side, set it to repeat play, and when the final seconds of BRAIN DAMAGE  fade away, it'll start up again and, walla, the album STILL mixes  beautifully with THE WIZARD OF OZ.<br />This is not an opinion.  This is a  fact. THIS ALBUM IS THE BEST ALBUM EVER! <br />Even without the  Wizard of Oz choreography, the album is still the best album ever.  Go to  billboard.com and you'll just happen to notice that this 1973 album is  still on the friggin' charts!   For only one reason too: ITS THE BEST  ALBUM EVER.  It even happens to be the longest album to stay on the charts.   Guess what album is the second longest staying album on the charts: THE  WALL.  Therefore, I declare PINK FLOYD the most creative and simply the  best BAND EVER! <br />Back to the review.  The moody swings of  songs like US AND THEM and BREATHE bring about the mixtures with the WIZARD  OF OZ soundtrack.  Not only do they mix with the WIZ, but they are pretty  good tracks.  <br />TIME, a song that makes you examine yourself actually,  shoves in a sad and lonely look.  The first time I heard this song I cried.   The guitarsolo grabs me every time I hear it.  EXCELLENT SONG.  I would  compare it to HOTEL CALIFORNIA, STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN, or FREEBIRD. <br />MONEY,  a song about the evil of, well, MONEY, is another classic that came from  this album.  It starts with a cash register and coins dropping as the  percussion.  Now, besides the big WIZ OF OZ deal, this is one of the best  effects on the album, especially since this originally came from 1973.  The  coins make the percussion and then they fade and an upbeat but still slow  rhythm goes on.  This song paved the way to future hits like: ANOTHER BRICK  and LEARNING TO FLY.<br />BRAIN DAMAGE/ECLIPSE, an excellent ending to an  excellent album (THE BEST ALBUM EVER! ) has Waters taking vocals and  quietly singing lyrics like: THE LUNATIC IS IN MY HEAD while in the  backround a mand laughs hysterically.  It ends with a man saying: THERE IS  NO DARK SIDE OF THE MOON and a small pulse that fades the same way it  entered at the beginning of the album.<br />ON THE RUN, an excellent  instrumental, has the most sound effects.  It's hard to explain, so JUST  BUY THE ALBUM!   I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!
B000008GS2|4.0|remeber those HUGE '87 albums? - inxs:kick, u2:jousha tree, george michael:faith, def leappord:hysteria....all these  songs from each album could have been sigles, they were that good! &quot;man of colors&quot; is  almost like that too! crazy, electric blue, nothing too serious are quite  good, the rest of the album is almost quite good too! this is a starting  place for New icehouse fans, I Promise when you hear this you will say,  &quot;oh my, I remember that&quot;
630439845X|3.0|The cinematography is stunning, the scenery beautiful, and the performances magical. Yet... maybe the entire problem with this film is the way in which many people dismissed it as a &quot;chick flick.&quot; World  film is summarily divided into &quot;chick flicks,&quot; which contain  scenes of people talking, and &quot;guy flicks&quot; (not what I wanted to  say, but they wouldn't print the correct term!), which contain scenes of  people doing anything more energetic than talking. While this is most  pronounced in American film, it is hardly limited to anything made here  (Romance, the recent French film, is a perfect example.) The Piano, in a  way, was doomed from the start. There was nowhere for Ada to go but into  nice wifely submission to somebody, preferably someone she loved who didnt'  cut off her finger(!)She wasn't going to run off to join the Maori. She  wasn't going to take a boat back to Scotland by herself. Her elective  mutism (the medical term) was not going to be explained, and the book isn't  one bit better in this regard. So, there was poor Ada, stuck in a chick  flick, unable to really act or think or decide for herself. This central  problem is what really causes my uneasiness about the movie, and I suspect  the same is true of others.
B0000027RL|1.0|Eddie Vedder, wrap it up pal. I've heard of glam rock, but lamb rock?  eeeeeeoooooramaramagam dama gama gam gam a yeaahhh. I wish this guy would get a real job like working at McDonalds. Your 15 seconds are up. I'll see  you on VH1's where are they now.
B000002U9E|5.0|For the past 34 years (since the release of \\"The Kick Inside\\"), I've been trying to decide why Kate Bush is such a household name in both Great Britain and Europe, but barely recognizable in the United States.  My  conclusion is that Americans like their music simple: melody they can hum,  toe-tapping rhythm and harmony following the modal scale.<br /><br />Appreciation of  \\"Hounds of Love\\" (and all of Kate's work) requires active listening rather  than passive hearing.  \\"Hounds\\" is composed of two conceptual movements.  \\"The Ninth Wave\\" (cuts 6 through 12) is a fairly straight forward narrative  about death and resurrection.  The lullaby (And Dream of Sheep) softly woos  the listener into the tragedy awaiting \\"Under Ice.\\"  \\"Hello Earth\\" is the  most moving musical description of spirituality that I have ever heard.  The ending (The Morning Fog) portrays an angelic resurrection.<br /><br />The second  movement (\\"Hounds of Love\\" cuts 1 through 5) is not so easy to define.  Certainly the theme is love, but what kind of love?  Is this a story about  fear and intimacy (Hounds of Love) or is there a darker underlying theme  of incest (Cloudbusting).<br /><br />Kate has composed two incomplete musical  theater pieces with story line and characters.  Only your imagination and  creativity can fill in the missing parts.  Listeners will be well rewarded.
B000005S0E|5.0|Despite Robert saying he likes this album the least, it's my favorite Cure album. It's a really unusual excursion with some kind of odd animal theme and obviously drug inspired sounds. <br />&quot;Give Me It&quot; and  &quot;Piggy in the Mirror&quot; are two of the most harsh songs Robert has  ever written. While &quot;Caterpillar,&quot; &quot;Dressing Up&quot; and  &quot;Bird Mad Girl&quot; are bouncy and frilly in an odd way. <br />All in  all it just ends up being a strange album for The Cure. If you have other  Cure albums, be a little prepared for this one. But it's odd in a great  way. It's unfortunate its now only available as an expensive import.
B00004LN16|3.0|Got the new AC/DC. I've got to give it the thumbs up. There are some really great songs on this album. They have returned to their hard rock/blues form of the late '70's, which is great. &quot;Hold Me Back&quot;  uses a classic Angus &quot;For Those About To Rock&quot; riff that takes  you right back to 1981 and &quot;Satellite Blues&quot; is the grittiest,  best straight-ahead rock song they've written since &quot;Rock n Roll  Damnation&quot;. Brian Johnson has the vocal range of a pick-up on blocks,  but you just can't replace a voice like that. There are a few clunkers on  the album too, but what can you expect from a bunch of 50 year old's? At  this point in their careers, this is probably the best rock album that they  are capable of recording, and even if at times it's only a shadow of what  they once were, that's still one hell of a reminder of what power-houses  AC/DC can be when running on all of their hell-bent cylinders. And in the  immortal words of Bon: &quot;Hell ain't a bad place to be!&quot;
0780628551|3.0|Johnny Deep has died in space, then a life force take his body and his memory. Nasa lost contact for two minutes and in space with the another astronaut contact them back.<br />His goal to make his wife pregant and he  need his own kind to make a space ship from their design.<br />Slow moving  film but every boring, good performances from Deep and Charlize Theron.<br />I  rate this film 3 Stars.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|With their first two albums, Rage Against the Machine turned the world upside down with their killer blend of rap-metal.  Their third album, &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles,&quot; is no different.  Tom Morello, the  best guitarist in the modern metal world, once again brings killer riffs,  such as in &quot;Testify,&quot; &quot;Born of a Broken Man,&quot; and the  album's first single, &quot;Guerrilla Radio.&quot;  But the album shows a  more experimental side to RATM, as evidenced in the MC5-esque &quot;Sleep  Now in the Fire,&quot; the U2-like ballad &quot;War Within a Breath,&quot;  and the totally new direction of &quot;Ashes in the Fall.&quot;  As always,  singer Zack de la Rocha brings his amazing militant poetry to the board, as  in &quot;Voice of the Voiceless,&quot; a cry for the freedom of convicted  cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal.<br />&quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is a  great album, and any self-respecting metal fan should buy it, as well as  the other two Rage albums.
0783225547|4.0|Spectacular Visual Effects, make the best disaster film since Earth Quake. A good cast, good storytelling and good directing from Roger Donaldson. He direct it No Way Out, The Bounty with Mel Gibson and Anthony Hopkins, The  Remake of The Getaway and Species. Special Visual  Effects from Digital  Domain, Best Known for Apollo 13, True Lies And Titanic. This film Is Co  Produced by Gale Anne Hurd, She Produced The Terminator 1 and 2, Aliens and  The Abyss. <br />A great entertainment film.
B00003CXCT|4.0|This is truly an exceptinal film which made cinama going an adventure.The DVD edition is truly amazing and is there is big difference between the VHS version and itself.The sound quality is truly amazing the best sound  quality I have witnessed.The picture quality is amazing it cannot be  faltered in any way. The best buy of the year so far.
080010367X|4.0|Men in Black is about the recruitment and training of a brash young police officer (Smith) who is mentored by an experienced agent (Jones) into life in an ultra-secret government agency that monitors the activities of  extra-terrestrial aliens on Earth.<br />The story line is intruiging, and the  action is fast.  Smith and Jones are a good match.  I gave the video 4  stars because it felt like the movie lost touch with the story line and was  taken over by special effects as we approached the climax at the end of the  show.  I was impressed by the computer animation, but I was unimpressed by  the flavor the finale left me with when the movie was over.  <br />I think  that a less is more approach to the finale would have suited me  better.<br />If you decide to watch this video you'll enjoy it more if you  check your high expectations at the door.
B00003CWPQ|3.0|Be warned, as you watch 'Eyes Wide Shut'; if you are expecting an erotic thriller, or a fast-paced suspense film, or a 'By-the-Numbers' formula picture, you will be disappointed! Stanley Kubrick always searched for  themes that would challenge viewers, and force them to see the world in a  different light. 'Eyes Wide Shut', his final film, certainly does that, and  is a film that will be enjoyed more with repeated viewings.<br />What is  reality? This film challenges us to make our own conclusions, as we see the  story of a  Yuppie couple unfold. Tom Cruise, as the husband, has a  successful career, but is shallow and superficial, coasting along on his  looks and social contacts. Nicole Kidman, his unemployed spouse, is a good  wife and mother, but bored, and compensates by drinking and flirting, and  fantasizing about a Naval officer she'd seen the previous summer. As she  acknowledges her erotic daydreams to Cruise, he reacts, first with  jealousy, then with a desire to find an outlet for the sexual frustration  he feels. Thus begins nighttime odysseys into a dreamlike world of  discovery; of a friend's unfulfilled desires, of a dual-personality hooker,  of a teenager being pimped by her father, of a cult which may only promote  orgies, or may have a far more sinister intent.<br />Nothing is spelled out,  or made obvious, and Kubrick throws in clues which will have you reaching  conclusions that you may find will change, when the film is viewed again!  'Eyes Wide Shut' demands your full attention, and rewards you with an  enigma! Is ANYTHING what it seems? The film's final line, delivered by  Kidman, is coarse, but totally in keeping with Cruise's journey, throughout  the film, and provides the director a wry closure to this most unusual  film!<br />While 'Eyes Wide Shut' will never be rated as highly as '2001',  'The Shining', 'A Clockwork Orange', or 'Dr. Strangelove', it is  provocative and mysterious, and deserves your attention!
B0000024SI|5.0|dylan set the spirit of keroauc and ginsberg to music and captured the american fantasy with the edge--he's genius that won't fade
0783211856|5.0|First of all, the red dress girl was not used for a &quot;Hallmark&quot; effect.  She was given a red dress so we can recognize her later on, when she shows up dead.<br />Secondly, if you fall asleep during this movie, either  1. give yourself a hard kick to the groin or 2. don't watch another movie  ever again<br />I'm sorry if this offends anyone, but I don't feel a movie  needs to use any certain formula such as characterization to be good (I  loved Eraserhead). I think it is possible for one to make a fantastic movie  about a lump of moss. I didn't watch this movie thinking of Steven  Spielberg.  I just watched the movie, and found it to be extremely moving.  <br />There was one notable darkly humorous line in the movie.....<br />Amon:   Why is the top down, it's f---ing freezing!
080019683X|5.0|I love this movie!Its an entertaining movie and it makes me cry everytime.I think its worth buying and you wont be dissapointed!
0944092705|5.0|William Eggleston 2 1/4 presents full-page color photos of signs and contemporary urban images. His captures the stark realities of life and modern society and presents a fine hosting of modern photo forms.
B000002J1O|5.0|WOW! this is a great one!  BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO!
6303823351|4.0|No, it's not as authentic as A Hard Days Night, yes the Beatles were high during the majority of the filming, but come on...it's the BEATLES. It's just them in a very Monkee-esque fashion, with Ringo as the star, singing  some great tunes along the way. You can't call yourself a fan if you don't  at least hum along...
0385474547|4.0|Derek DeGennaro March 2, 2000 Things Fall Apart<br />Part I  This book begins talking about Unoka.  Unoka was known to be lazy and improvident. Unoka's was the father of Okonkwo.  As Okonkow grew older he realized how  much he did not want to take after his father.  When Unoka died, Okonkwo  didn't inherit anything because Okonkwo was poor.  He didn't have farmland  as others did.  As Okonkwo grew older, in time he gained high rankings in  his tribal clan.  He was gifted with three wives and many children.     Okonkwo had a very bad agricultural life.  The first year he planted his  yams the blazing sun scorched everything green on his farmland.  The second  year Okonkwo planted seeds the rains pored so heavily that the city almost  floated away.  Okonkwo kept telling himself that he is not a failure.  With  his persistence he was able to grow yams and other crops for his family.   After the harvest Okonkwo received a message from the Oracle saying the  child named Ikemefuna had to be sacrificed.  The child was very close to  Okonkwo.  This was a horrendous tragedy and caused Okonkwo many sleepless  nights.   During a major feast Okonkwo suffers yet another terrible mishap,  for a ceremony Okonkwo fired a gun and it exploded ending up killing a  sixteen year old boy.  For this reason Okonkwo and his family were exiled  to his Motherland for seven years.  After the seven-year period, Okonkwo  came home to a conflict of his people and white men that were trying to  take over Umuofia.  When Okonkwo finds this out he decides to fight back...  You must read this book if you want to find out how Okonkwo and his family  survive.<br />Part II   There were many exciting events in \\"Things Fall  Apart\\".  One exciting event was when Okonkwo was sent to his Motherland for  seven years.  I think this event was very surprising to see how foreign  cultures adapt to different situations.  One circumstance that I didn't  care for in this novel was when Okonkwo let Ikemefuna be killedas a  sacrifice for the gods.  I think if he stopped this from happening it would  have giving me a better understanding of protecting your own people.<br />Part  III  My evaluation of this book is three and  stars.  I especially  liked this book because Chinua Achebe brings the reader through one mans  life and death.  Even though this book had a few loose ends I thought it  was a great book for all ages.
B00000IPAX|2.0|Blink 182 tries.  They have some good songs on this CD like Dumpweed, Aliens Exsist and the Party Song.  Their previous recording Dude Ranch is a very good album and I recommend it. But then like many other bands, they  turned pop like many other bands (some I hate to admit like Offspring).  On  this CD they try to keep the same three power cords and it makes a majority  of the songs Pop Punk if you want REAL PUNK to stay alive listen to Green  Day and The Offspring.
0385474547|3.0|Derek March 2, 2000 Things Fall Apart<br />Part I  This book begins talking about Unoka.  Unoka was known to be lazy and improvident. Unoka's was the father of Okonkwo.  As Okonkow grew older he realized how much he  did not want to take after his father.  When Unoka died, Okonkwo didn't  inherit anything because Okonkwo was poor.  He didn't have farmland as  others did.  As Okonkwo grew older, in time he gained high rankings in his  tribal clan.  He was gifted with three wives and many children.     Okonkwo had a very bad agricultural life.  The first year he planted his  yams the blazing sun scorched everything green on his farmland.  The second  year Okonkwo planted seeds the rains pored so heavily that the city almost  floated away.  Okonkwo kept telling himself that he is not a failure.  With  his persistence he was able to grow yams and other crops for his family.   After the harvest Okonkwo received a message from the Oracle saying the  child named Ikemefuna had to be sacrificed.  The child was very close to  Okonkwo.  This was a horrendous tragedy and caused Okonkwo many sleepless  nights.   During a major feast Okonkwo suffers yet another terrible mishap,  for a ceremony Okonkwo fired a gun and it exploded ending up killing a  sixteen year old boy.  For this reason Okonkwo and his family were exiled  to his Motherland for seven years.  After the seven-year period, Okonkwo  came home to a conflict of his people and white men that were trying to  take over Umuofia.  When Okonkwo finds this out he decides to fight back...  You must read this book if you want to find out how Okonkwo and his family  survive.<br />Part II   There were many exciting events in \\"Things Fall  Apart\\".  One exciting event was when Okonkwo was sent to his Motherland for  seven years.  I think this event was very surprising to see how foreign  cultures adapt to different situations.  One circumstance that I didn't  care for in this novel was when Okonkwo let Ikemefuna be killed as a  sacrifice for the gods.  I think if he stopped this from happening it would  have giving me a better understanding of protecting your own people.<br />Part  III  My evaluation of this book is three and  stars.  I especially  liked this book because Chinua Achebe brings the reader through one mans  life and death.  Even though this book had a few loose ends I thought it  was a great book for all ages.
B00004HYLF|5.0|I had truly forgotten how good this band was. This is without question the gratest fusion cd of alltime period!
0783240287|5.0|I work in a video store and enjoy the privilage of seing new releases before the general public, thanks to &quot;screeners&quot; (tapes/DVD's supplied for promotional use by film companies).  I had heard of this video  through the grapevine, and couldn't wait to check it out when my store got  the screener.  It is absolutely fantastic.  Donny is excellant, but the  person that really blew me away was London Broadway star Maria Friedman as  the narrator.  She is exetremely talented!  Together, with the aid of a  superb supporting cast and wonderful children's choirs (really adorable  kids), Donny and Maria make this video production of Joseph a  &quot;must-have.&quot;
B00004R960|4.0|If you are going to buy an oasis cd definately get this one.  It has the rockers that were present on Definately Maybe, the ballads that were on Whats The Story Morning Glory, and the production that was on Be Here Now.   It is definately better then Be Here Now was, although that one turned out  some hits of its own.  Gas Panic, Where Did It All Go Wrong, and Roll It  Over are the highlights of the cd.  They all show classic Oasis material  and the maturing of Noel.  Little James is amazing for Liam.  Go Let It Out  and Who Feels Love are also good.  But if Oasis want to get mainstream  attention again they have to release Where Did It All Go Wrong as a single.   It is amazing.  Definately worth the money!   Go get it now!
B00002MZ4W|3.0|Fresh sounds, a great sophomore album.  Full of sound and powerful lyric
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is like nothing I have ever heard  before.  I can best describe it as &quot;clowns on acid&quot;.  Most songs, such as Peephole and Sugestions best show this.  But, don't take it from me, list to the  real audio clips and decide for yourself.
B000002LUB|3.0|Butler and Dio rejoin Iommi to attempt to pump some new life in the old and fading machine known as Sabbath.  Heck, almost anything would have to be better than &quot;Headless Cross&quot; and clunker &quot;TYR.&quot;  But  of course Geezer and Ronnie  are going to put in  top-flight effort as  always, not just hoping to cash in at the registers. (And surprising in the  UK, this album only charted in at #28, lower than TYR's #24).  And better  this album is...  considerably darker and more bass churningly doom metal  than anything since the brillant &quot;Born Again&quot; experience.  The  lyrics simply crush the lightweight fluff that has marred the Martin  recordings.  Iommi remembers what used to make Sabbath excel, slow but  forceful riffs with brillant mid-song lead breaks.  Even Appice is more  creative behind the drum kit than Powell (R.I.P. Cozy... no offense meant).        In my mind, the best songs here are the cruisers:  TV Crimes, Time  Machine, I.  But songs like Letters from Earth and Sins of the Father  simply lay to waste the uninspired, dinosaur rock of Cross Purposes in '94.   It is clearly evident that Ronnie had breifly inspired this band, really  Iommi, past the rusted goth clunkers that have been plagueing for  somewheres around 6 years. This is worthy of the Sabbath name, if not  exactly on par with Heaven and Hell or Born Again.
0394800184|4.0|My daughter, who is not quite 2, adores this book!  I can't count the number of times we have read it so far.  The repetition of the words and the story line are very appealing to young children.  This is a definite  must read!
B000007T1M|5.0|This album is at least as good as any album I've listened to in the last several years.  One of the more original sounding bands out there.  There are some similarities to Korn, etc., but these guys are heavier than the  Korn, Limp Bizkit set and the music starts to venture into hardcore/punk at  times.  Sure the lyrics are gloomy, but what isn't?  Rick Rubin (producer  of Slayer/early Beastie Boys) is still great at making heavy, loud music  sound heavier and louder than any other producer out there.  I can qualify  this by saying that I've been a metal fan for about 15 years (since Master  of Puppets release) and this is truly a gem not to be missed.  Just because  they're no longer &quot;underground&quot; doesn't mean that this doesn't  still rock.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is the biggest foul-mouth in Heavy Metal today. They're also one of the best in Heavy Metal today. This album is one of those perfect recordings out there without a flaw, like Korn's self-titled debut and Limp  Bizkit's Three Dollar Bill Y'all. Songs like Wait and Bleed, Surfacing,  Purity, Liberate, Prosthetics, and Scissors give you the feeling of  wandering through a post-apocalyptic San Francisco. What an awesome album.  And I'm going to end it by pleading this to the band: Please please please  please PLEASE show your true identities! Are you guys going to stay like  this until your 50th birthdays?
B000001FOS|4.0|I have to admit that I originally purchased this CD because I'm a huge Rainbow fanatic and wanted to hear what Joe Lynn Turner was doing after he left that group.  Of course, I was well aware of Malmsteen's status as  guitar virtuoso and studied Blackmore stylings... so that didn't hurt the  cause of me throwing a few bucks into this CD either.  I'm happy to say I  was not disappointed. Yngwie is a flashier, more updated player than  Blackmore (Ritchie still remains my favorite, though).  The songs here are  quite commercial sounding, which isn't surprising given Turner's presence.   A couple of color-by-number ballads (Dreaming, Hold On) mixed with more  typical fast fret burners (Riot In the Dungeons, the aptly titled Faster  than the Speed of Light) make for an interesting listen. A couple of songs  really stand out:  Deja Vu, and my personal favorite Crystal Ball.   Unfortuneately, Turner isn't a much better lyricist than David Coverdale,  so you get an overdose of love-related themes.  A small complaint though.   This record is very late '80s sounding and will always remind me of summer  days during my high school years.
B0000057C5|4.0|My first encounter with RAMMSTEIN's unique assimilation of monolithic industrial metal and electronica was a somewhat unsatisfactory experience.  However, after subsequent listens to their most recent endeavor 'Sehnsucht'  I was compelled to reavaluate my previous judgement.  Why?   Simple.   RAMMSTEIN are killer.  Although to be perfectly honest, the guitar riffs on  display are completely generic.  However, the method in which they are  utilized within the musical compositions is impressive.  The majority of  'heavy' outfits possess the unfortunate tendency to rely solely on the  guitar riffs to propel the songs forward.  Instead of adopting this  complacent approach,  RAMMSTEIN's guitar riffs have been arranged in a  simultaneously memorable and pulverising manner.  Occassionally their music  is interspersed with suitably atmospheric samples and they are a perfectly  complimentary addition to the futuristic tone of the guitars.  Despite the  quality of the instrumental sections, RAMMSTEIN's most distinguishing  aspect is the vocalizations of their seemingly demented frontman.  His  effective alternation between commanding spoken passages and teutonic folk  chanting is equally ridiculous and entertaining. Same thing applies for  their image.  Paradoxically, many individuals actually believe RAMMSTEIN  are a completely SERIOUS band and have accused them of being 'fascists'.  What's the basis of this allegation?   Their image.  Perhaps on a surface  level this may be the case.  However, a closer inspection will reveal the  irony of the band's persona, especially after viewing images of their live  performances.  RAMMSTEIN's fascination with sado-masochistic aesthetics,  military themes and sexual paraphernalia is so ludicrous that it's almost  impossible not to find it humourous.  The band members obviously realise  that the stereotypical German, from a predominantly western perspective, is  a depraved and sordid individual.  Instead of attempting to eradicate thisgenerilisation of their culture, they have decided to ironically perpetuate  it!   In other words, they are REVELLING in the aspects of 'traditional  German culture' detested by most.  Of course it's open to speculation as to  whether they are exponents of fascisistic ideals and/or participate in  sado/masochistic behaviour.  I'd wager more the later than the former.  So  are RAMMSTEIN essentially a bunch of juvenile provocators?   Most likely,  BUT SO WHAT?    THE MUSIC RULES!  :)
6304994540|5.0|I became addicted to this movie.  That's why I'm submitting this review as anonymous.  It's really great, but after the tenth viewing it just becomes a hobby.  Like the Dude, I often get wierd messages on my answering  machine--&quot;Hey man, we gotta watch Lebowski tonight...&quot;  It's  pretty sad.<br />It really is good.  Just one thing though, do they have to  use so many durn cuss words?
B000009CEM|5.0|this cd is a very very good effort from fear factory. the writing is very well put out and the instruments are played very well. i personally favor the songs:&quot;shock', &quot;descent&quot;, &quot;edgecrusher&quot;,  &quot;securitron&quot;, &quot;high tech hate&quot; and  &quot;resurrection&quot;. if you like this cd, i suggest static-x or even  spineshank.
0395925037|5.0|This book is controversial - scarcely any book more so. It is a preface to events that involved the entire world. As such, almost any interpretation or opinion of it will carry some bias. Therefore, if you want to know what  it said, there is little alternative but to read it.<br />Mein Kampf is a  large book. Its literary style leaves a lot to be desired - particularly in  terms of repetition. I'd worry at even the most ardent Nazi finding it a  rivetting read from cover to cover. But that's not the point - who would  you trust to abridge it and edit it for stylistic faults, without in the  process tainting it with their own subjectivity?<br />Buy this book. Read it.  Form your own opinion.
B000007ODX|5.0|This is a goregeous recording and I agree with my other fellow reviewers on the five-star rating. Though not commonly known as a Chopin interpreter, Barenboim's delicate touch is ideal for the Nocturnes. The piano \\"sings\\" in a way most other pianists cannot replicate. Yet, I still have to say you have not heard the Nocturnes until you have heard Ivan Moravec's recording (Nonesuch), which is in a class of its own.
B000002AZ8|5.0|well, i have read some stuff which other people have written, and i think i can advise a person who isnt sure weather to buy this CD or not:  buy it if you like rock. buy it if you LOVE pearl jam. if youre still thinking -  just borrow it from one of your friends and decide after listen 2 or 3  times at least.
6301885732|5.0|Having been weened on Dick Tracy comics as a child (I even met Chester Gould at his Woodstock, IL home at age 9) I became a Tracy addict. The art director deserves kudos for the amazingingly accurate reproduction of that  which we all saw in comic strip! It's as though we had walked into a frame  of the Sunday paper's comic stip. I can say no more about the acting and  depictions of Gould's characters than has already been said, accurately, in  the other reviews here. Other standouts (in addition to Al Pacino's fall  down, funny, &quot;Biggy&quot;) are the make-up for, and casting of,  &quot;Flatop&quot; and Paul Sorvino as &quot;Lips.&quot; The amazingly  haunting Soundheim music lends an atmosphere that doesn't clash with the  art-deco era in which the movie is set. Mandy Patinkin and Madonna (who'd a  thunk it?) do a haunting duet that will etch itself in your memory banks. A  remarkable departure from the  &quot;safe&quot; Hollywood formula movies.
0553296981|5.0|This was a wonderful book that will move your heart and stir your sour  soul.  It shows the hardships of a young girl during the Holocaust. It's a  book for everyone soooo READ IT!!!
B00000HYXB|4.0|Germany's Blind Guardian are a successful melange of power metal,acoustic passages and fantastic,mythical themes,all topped by Hansi Kursch's operatic vocal style.Featuring intricate arrangements and song  structures,'Nightfall'captures a band at their creative peak.
B000000W8C|4.0|this album is a clear indication of the artistic genius of Richard Ashcroft with true greats like History, On Your Own, and This Is Music.However it does fall down in places with drawn out songs like A  Northern Soul.
020161622X|4.0|Overall, I enjoyed this book.  It delivered a thoughtful perspective on software development.  I especially appreciated the absence of a quasi-religious methodology as well as their apparent orientation towards Unix.<br />Why only four stars?  I never really had any AHAs as I read the  book.  In other words, the authors make good points, but they're somewhat  banal.
B00003CXA6|4.0|This movies was excellent. I enjoyed ecery minute of the movie and I hope that everyone sees this wonderful made movie. The cast was great. I couldn't get out of my seat.
0553378384|4.0|I find this book very interesting, however it is too bad that there is not more information about mutual reception and opposing sign/house positions of the North nodes.
6304510861|4.0|David Lynch is too complicated to worry about.  The point in his art is to sit back and enjoy the intensity of his images and sounds, and as opposed to most films in our age, his style is the animal, the the other and more  accepted style is the machine.  But you see there is so much imagery impact  in his lurid mind-trip Lost Highway, that we find ourselves so unaccostumed  to this style, this dimension of film, that we make the fatal mistake of  rationalizing what has been created, and there, in the deliberation of so  many trivial elements to his film like the plot that we kill a sleek,  tantalizing, erotic rupture from normal film making and, almost surely, our  desolate reality.  Perhaps a mistake was made in calling this a 'film', but  rather a 'documented dream'.  Yeah I know it sounds hokey, but when was the  last time you could rationalize a dream that you found tangible and, well,  to your liking?  And it wasn't to your liking because it was organized and  a well plotted storyline, but because the images you witnessed were  intriguing, arousing somekind of hidden appreciation and focus in the most  abstract compilations of you cerebral cortex.  Lost Highway is delving into  that place, awakening your abilities to really enjoy the simplicity or  complexity of Lost Highway's images.  Jurgen Prochnow, in David Lynch's  beautiful Dune, said it best: &quot;The sleeper must awaken.&quot;
B000002H6C|5.0|This album is great!  There is a lot of emotion and a lot of great musical skills.  I think, this is the best album Metallica has ever released, although they are still just as good today as they ever were.  METALLICA  ROCKS!
B000002H33|5.0|OK, WHO EVER WANTS TO BUY ANY METALLICA ALBUMS I AM ABOUT TO SUM UP EVERY SINGLE ONE OF METALLICA'S FULL ALBUM US RELEASES. I AM NOT GOING TO TALK ABOUT TRIBUTES JUST THEIR MAIN ALBUMS THAT YOU CAN EASLY FIND IN  STORES.<br />KILL 'EM ALL: OK, THIS IS NOT THEIR BEST ALBUM BUT IT SURE COMES  CLOSE. THIS BRINGS THE WORDS &quot;OLD METALLICA' TO PEOPLES MOUTHS. IT'S  VERY FAST, RAW AND ENERGETIC, BUT THE LYRICS ARE NOT DEEP OR INSIGHTFUL  (LIKE THE LYRICS HAVE NO BECAUSE THEY MEANING) ONLY BECAUSE THEY WERE 20  YEARS OLD. KILL 'EM ALL FEATURES CLIIF BURTONS INFAMOUS GUTIAR SOLO. AND TO  TELL ALL OF THOSE FAKE METALLICA FANS DAVE MUSTIANE IS NOT IN THIS ALBUM HE  WAS KICKED OUT OF THE BAND ALREADY.<br />RIDE THE LIGHTNING: RIDE THE  LIGHTNING IS METALLICA'S BEST ALBUM. (WELL IN MY OPINION AND OTHER PEOPLES  OPINION) THIS ALBUM HAS SOME OF THE GREATEST SONGS YOU WILL EVER HEAR. THEY  ARE AMAZING THEY HAVE DEEP AND INSIGHTFUL LYRICS, LARS ULRICH ON THE DRUMS  IS REALLY JUST AMAZING AND THE GUITAR PLAYING IS GREAT. IT HAS &quot;FOR  WHOM THE BELL TOLLS&quot; WHICH IS THE SONG THAT YOU ALL KNOW. BUT IT ALSO  HAS GREAT SONGS LIKE RIDE THE LIGHTING WHICH IS ABOUT THE ELECTRIC CHAIR,  IT HAS TRAPPED UNDER ICE WHICH IS ABOUT DROWINING AND IT HAS MY PERSONAL  FAVORITE FADE TO BLACK WHICH IS A SONG ABOUT SUCIUDE. OVERALL IT IS A  TIMELESS MASTERPEICE.<br />MASTER OF PUPPETS: THIS ALBUM'S LYRICS ARE NOT AS  GOOD AS RIDE THE LIGHTNING, AND IT IS NOT AS MELLOW AS RIDE THE LIGHTING  EITHER. IT'S MORE HEAVY AND THATS WHAT FANS LOVE ABOUT MASTER OF PUPPETS.  IT IS AN ALBUM THAT YOU CAN REALLY SING ALONG TO SO TO SUM IT UP ITS A  MASTERPEICE, BUT IT FALLS JUST A LITTLE SHORT OF IT'S COMPETIER...RIDE THE  LIGHTING.<br />...AND JUSTICE FOR ALL: THIS IS ONE OF THOSE ALBUMS WHERE THE  LYRICS ARE JUST PLAIN OLD AMAZING, AND IT A HEAVY METALLICA ALBUM. THE  GUITAR PLAYING IS EXCELLENT AND ITS AN ALBUM THAT WILL MAKE YOU JUST GET UP  AND BANG YOUR HEAD.<br />METALLICA(THE BLACK ALBUM):THIS ISWERE PEOPLE WERE  THINKING THAT METALLICA WAS GETTING A LITTLE TRENDY, NUH UH, THIS IS AN  AMAZING ALBUM WITH 5 OR 6 #1 HITS OFF IT AND IT IS AN ALBUM THAT IF YOU  CAN'T FIND LIGHTING OR PUPPETS YOU SHOULD LISTEN TO THIS. OVERALL ITS A  GREAT ALBUM,<br />LOAD:I GOT A HAIRCUT AT THE MALL YESTERDAY, DOES THAT MEAN I  SOLD OUT? NOPE. IT MEANS I GOT A HAIRCUT. SO WHEN METALLICA GOT A HAIRCUT  AND THEIR MUSIC WAS NOT AS DEEP OR HEAVY ANYMORE PEOPLE SAID THAT THEY SOLD  OUT. NOPE. THERE IS some GREAT SONGS ON THIS ALBUM. REALIZE I SAID some. IT  IS AN ALBUM THAT LIKE PUPPETS YOU COULD EASLY SING ALONG TO! OVERALL IT IS  AN OK ALBUM WITH SOME OK SONGS. THE MUSIC GENRE IS A LOT DIFFERENT THAN  THEIR EARLER ALBUMS BUT ITS STILL A GOOD SOUND. <br />GARAGE INC. :PEOPLE SAY  THAT BESIDES FROM LOAD THIS IS METALLICA'S WORST ALBUM! LOL, I DO NOT THINK  SO THE FIRST DISC ON THIS HAS SOME GOOD COVER SONGS THAT YOU REALLY CAN  SING ALONG TO AND BASH YOUR HEAD TO AND THE SECOND DISC IS A BUNCH OF STUFF  FROM GARAGE DAYS RE-VISITED ('84 AND '87) AND THE SECOND DISC IS REALLY  &quot;OLD METALLICA&quot;. THE SECOND DISC IS REALLY JUST AWESOME AND NO  DOUBT ABOUT IT, GARAGE INC. IS ACTUALLY A GOOD ALBUM BUT THE PROBLEM IS  THAT IT MIGHT BE TOO MUCH MONEY FOR YOU FAKE METALLICA FANS WHO DONT WANT  TO SPEND MORE THAN 15 BUCKS. <br />RE-LOAD:OK THIS ALBUM HAS LESS GOOD SONGS  THAN LOAD, BUT STILL ITS A GOOD HEAD BANGING MOSH PIT SING ALONG HEAVY  ALBUM BY METALLICA. BUT THE REVIEW FOR RE-LOAD COULD REALLY JUST BE THE  SAME REVIEW AS THE ONE FOR LOAD.<br />S&amp;M: THERE IS NOT ANY BAD SONGS, IT  HAS GREAT SONGS OFF LIGHTNING, LOAD, RE-LOAD, PUPPETS, AND THE BLACK ALBUM  BUT THE THING THAT BOTHERS ME IS THAT IT ONLY HAS ONE SONG OFF AND JUSTICE  FOR ALL(THAT COULD POSSIBLY BE A PUN FOR THE PEOPLE THAT HAVE S&amp;M) AND  ALSO IT HAS NO SONGS OFF KILL 'EM ALL BUT STILL S&amp;M IS AN EXCELLENT AND  A MUST HAVE FOR ANY METALLICA FANS. <br /> OK THAT IS IT FOR MY REVIEWS.
B000002HRE|5.0|Metallica is the greatest band ever and this album shows that throughout all the years they still know how to rock!   This is a great album, but then again everything from Metallica is great.
B000002MUW|4.0|This is a pretty great album.  Some of my favorite songs would be &quot;Human Nature&quot;, &quot;Bedtime Story&quot;, &quot;Take A Bow&quot;, and &quot;Inside of Me&quot;.  There's really nothing to  complain about except for the fact that there was 1 or 2 songs that are  kind of hard to get through.  &quot;I'd Rather Be Your Lover&quot; would  probably be one of them.  I'm not saying that I hate that song, but just  that it could be a little better.  It's still a great album.
6302000823|5.0|If this movie was distilled it would leave you with a beautiful cream
B000021XS0|5.0|this is easily one of the most musically complete albums i've ever heard.  The musicianship is awe-inspiring and the mix of very technically proficient passages and haunting ballads keeps you wondering where it will  take you next. I definitely recommend that you take the time to listen to  the entire album at least 3 times for all the messages to come to light. I  have every dream theater album except their first and they never cease to  amaze me. I also saw them perform this album in concert recently and they  were dead on.  John petrucci is a definite talent and very hard to keep up  with while playing along with tracks.
6305313687|5.0|This is a stunningly powerful film which draws outstanding performances from Edward (fight Club) Norton, and Edward (kid from Terminator 2) Furlong.  I'm not going to rate this film in terms of how realistic and  relevant it is to American society,  I'm English and don't have a clue.   But I will say that this film does an excellent job in  highlighting the  hypocrosy and stupidity of racism without forcing it down your throat.   Instead you tenderly chew and slowly swallow the story bit by bit but be  warned you may choke on the ending.  No one was more suprised at the  brilliance of this movie than myself.  I am normally only interested in  non-serious plots, but this film gripped me from beginning to end. No  matter what your tastes, this is a movie you should watch I guarantee  you'll be transfixed.
0783226659|3.0|Well, the movie certainly succeeds in evoking strong emotions from the audience. However, I fear that the intended audience is primarily limited to white Americans. Please do not think that I am biased in my opinion; I  myself am white. Yet I must admit that throughout the movie I was overcome  by the feeling that &quot;Amistad&quot; was in many ways a movie about how  the enlightened white humanist was aiding the helpless black victim.  Personally, I feel the movie would have been vastly superior if it had  focused more on the non-white characters. Morgan Freeman's character and  his feelings regaurding the whole affair are elements that I feel would  have made for interesting hisorical fiction. In addition, the life of the  Menday (I am not sure on the spelling) after they returned to their  homeland to find their tribe torn apart is something that would have made  for a more thorough and more tragic conclusion to a seemingly upbeat story.  As it is, the movie relies to much on Hollywood happy-endings and racial  stereotyping in regards to northern whites, southerner whites, Africans,  Spanish, and people of power. Yet in the end, despite all my critiques, I  still recomend that you partake in this movie and strive to gain meaning  from the story.
B00000IO4J|1.0|Robert Rodriguez is an enormously talented director, but I'm still wondering why on Earth he wanted to make this stupid teen horror film about aliens taking over a high school.<br />He probably thought that he could make  it better with his own personal style and, while I commend him for trying,  this movie is a half an inch from being completely  unwatchable.<br />Rodriguez's directing, usually so involved and in-yer-face  in his previous films, seems pedestrian in this movie. It's almost as if he  knew how bad the material that he was working with was.<br />The lousy and  unoriginal special effects speak for themselves: they are laughable and  embarrassing to watch. Not only did this movie lack creativity, but it also  lacked originality.<br />The only plus that I can give this movie is that,  unlike other teen movies, the actors that portray teenagers in this movie  actually seem like real teenagers.<br />I can't even recommend the film on  that basis. Avoid this movie and see Rodriguez's &quot;El Mariachi&quot;  which, for a film with a not-so-new story idea, was a fresh and innovative  movie that offered something new.
B00003OSSL|4.0|I saw this movie in October, thought it was okay but the secondary plot distractions disturbed me. Now on DVD you can concentrate on the main characters evolving relationship and the effect the accident and betrayal  has on them, and I have to say the movie is so much better than I  originally thought. Kristin Scott Thomas is excellent as always, she is one  of the best contemporary actresses.Worth a try, it is a somber,slow but  well acted movie.
6304539258|3.0|This is one of those great movies that is almost beyond words, simply because it speaks for itself.<br />The film has wonderful characters and great battles (this film introduced the lightsaber, which is one of the most  famous and innovative weapons in movie history).<br />While the dialogue and  hairstyles look laughably dated, it doesn't matter. George Lucas created a  brilliant story about good trying to overcome evil.
B00000J7J4|4.0|The selection of artists on this CD is extremely varied but all of the stay true to that classic Santana sound even the one that is a little rappish.  In fact it's interesting to read the album notes and the comments  on each artist.  I especially like the three tracks at the end with Eric  Clapton, in some ways those tracks alone are worth the price of admission  especially since they don't seem to get much airplay on the radio.
B000009QPE|5.0|To imagine the metal scene today if &quot;Reign In Blood&quot; had never been released, is impossible for me. This album is beyond any of my compliments. Every credible metal band today has cited this epic album as a  major influence; and if they said otherwise, they'd just be lying. To be a  metalhead and NOT own this album is a sin in itself. This album not only  demolished and rebuilt new metal standards, &quot;Reign in Blood&quot;  combined those Metallica-esque chugging riffs and completely off the wall,  unorthodox guitar solos, and exposed them to a huge crowd that didn't know  what to think at first (they obviously caught on in no time). Althought  Kerry King's and Jeff Hanneman's guitar solos aren't the most musical and  intelligible ones in the world, they are ALL about aggression, which is  certainly what classic Slayer is all about. Even with so many excellent  guitar players surfacing in modern metal, King and Hanneman's unmatched  rhythm chops on this album continue to turn heads today. And although Tom  Araya does no real &quot;singing&quot; on the CD, his screaming fits the  music perfectly. From that legendary first scream of the infamous  &quot;Angel of Death&quot;, to the last growls of the epic, &quot;Raining  Blood&quot;, Tom's vocals are one of the most aggressive things about this  album. But of course, what would Slayer be without that madman behind the  drum set? Even today, in a world of black metal and death metal  perfectionist drummers, Dave Lombardo is a thrash drumming god. Throughout  the entire album, the drums are fast and pounding, never giving your ears a  chance to &quot;take a break&quot; or &quot;rest&quot;; there's no such  thing. Slayer never tries to mix it up with a soft breakdown or interlude  either. The consistent brutality of this album is what makes it so epic,  even today. If you're a relatively old Slayer fan, you probably shouldn't  be reading this, because chances are, you already own it, and have owned  for a longtime. But if you're new to Slayer, starting with this album is a  must. This is not one of those albums that is just a &quot;good for it's  era&quot; recording. This epic blaze of an album would thrash just as much  if it was released today.
B000002HAF|4.0|Great music almost Punk in the harshness and antagonism of the sound.  The catchy quick sounds are reminiscent of the Ramones at times but with much more indepth sound and lyrics.  None of the songs are very long and each  one really gets you pumped.  Great music to listen to while your working  out or doing anything for that matter since it just gets you going.
B000046PVN|5.0|When the producers of the Star Wars trilogy released the 2 cd's BOX SET, every people who loves this music was very happy. A very good Job!   Now! it's the same thing for the music of Superman. The Warner 87 release is now  useless, with a lot of ''less-music'' At last! we have the complete score  for one of the Best score of Williams... ''Jaws, est-ce pour bientot?''
B0000203YT|5.0|Stoppard is a great writer, the same person who wrote the awesome play Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead (which I also highly reccomend) This movie is great at preserving the same kind of wit that Shakespeare used in  his own writing.  Moreover the level of detail and intricacy that is packed  into every line of dialogue is amazing.  The random references to  Shakespearean lines throughout the play are enough to satiate even the most  trivia hungry bardolatrist.  The way that Stoppard works the text of the  play Romeo and Juliet into many different scenes of the movie is very  interesting and worth watching.  Overall this is a wonderfully written  movie with some pretty good acting.  Definitely worth the price of  admission.
B000001IPL|5.0|HOW DO I EVEN START TO SUM THIS ALBUM UP IN THE 1000 WORD SPACE GIVEN, FIRST OFF IT IS THE BEST OFFSPRIG ALBUM YET AND WHEN YOU FINALLY MANAGE TO STOP LISTENING TO THE SINGLES , &quot;GOTTA GET AWAY&quot;,&quot;SELF  ESTEEM&quot; AND &quot;COME OUT AND PLAY&quot;, YOU WILL FIND THE THE  SIMPLE LYRICAL GENIUS IN &quot;BAD HABIT&quot; AND &quot;GENOCIDE&quot; OR  THE MUSICAL MASTERPEICES OF &quot;SMASH&quot; AND &quot;IM NOT THE  ONE&quot; WILL KEEP YOU GOING FOR MANY A YEAR . EVERY SONG HAS A MEANING  FOR EXAMPLE, &quot;BAD HABIT&quot; DEALS WITH A NUTCASE DRIVER ,WHILE  &quot;IM NOT THE ONE&quot; DEALS WITH THE PROBLEMS IN THE WORLD WHICH WE  ARE BURDENED WITH WHEN WE ARE BORN,  OVERALL THEIR MOST RROCK-LIKE ALBUM  WHICH HAS MASS APPEAL WITHOUT BECOMING A POP ALBUM
B000000WF0|4.0|I bought this CD in part because there is a radio show around here called Space Odyssey that plays what they call Space Rock they don't stick closely to any kind of particular genre but go more on feel.  Anyway they played  this music all the time and it sounded really good.  This CD is truly  awesome and definitely envelops the qualities of Space Rock, it just has  great songs that you feel like you can float away on.  Some of the lyrics  are very interesting, and my biggest problem would be that at time it gets  a little repetitive but that's not very true.  Overall it's definitely a  good spacy CD.
B00000ILDF|1.0|&quot;Alien&quot; was a relentlessly bleak, beautifully atmospheric masterpiece of horror and dread, one of the few truly adult examples of the science fiction genre. Its sequel, &quot;Aliens&quot;, was far less  disturbing, aiming more for visceral, action-movie thrills; nonetheless, it  was still a powerhouse of a movie, especially in its wonderful  &quot;Special Edition&quot; DVD incarnation. The notorious &quot;Alien  3&quot;, on the other hand, is an utterly miserable failure, certainly the  most insultingly juvenile follow-up to a good movie since the equally  terrible &quot;Return of the Jedi&quot;. From its hopelessly rushed,  sloppily-edited opening title sequence, to its endless, murky  &quot;alien-cam&quot; chase finale, &quot;Alien 3&quot; consists of nothing  more than a shocking series of miscalculations on the part of the  filmmakers, who manage to create not even one moment of suspense, horror,  or thrills in nearly two hours of MTV-styled tedium. Particularly  frustrating (and embarrassing) for the viewer is watching Sigourney Weaver  and Lance Henriksen, two great performers, struggle to create anything  interesting with their underwritten characters; both fail horribly. Even  &quot;Alien 4&quot; looks great in comparison to this, possibly the worst  sequel ever made.
6305079900|5.0|Well, unless you've been living under a rock for the last 20 years, you probably know what The Terminator is all about. Cyborg goes back in time to kill Sarah Conner, etc. etc.<br />The important thing is what's different on  the DVD? Well, not much. It contains the movie and the trailer and that's  it. Oh, and don't worry about the sound. The movie was made on a minimal  budget and they spent it all on the visual FX - the soundtrack was always  in mono. Don't let anyone tell you anything different. The picture quality  isn't the best, but it is a movie thats over 15 years old now.<br />This is  classic science fiction, and you need to see it! Don't take my word for it.  Go out and buy it. Even though it's more expensive, buy the DVD version  because it won't get chewed up if your VCR throws a tantrum.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is one of the best movies i've ever seen. Its graphics and special effects were wonderful. Even though the plot was somewhat confusing, by the end I had it all sorted out. The acting was great,  especially Keanu Reeves and Lawrence Fishburne. It made me think about  whether we also could be living inside of a controlled world like the  matrix. I cannot believe that this movie was R-rated. it should've been  rated PG-13 because it is not that bad for content. When the movie ended, I  was stunned! It is one of the best movies of 1999. Go rent it today!
0345389409|3.0|Anne Rice has been known for her ability to write such beautifull story about creatures from the other world such as vampires, witch etc. All in all, there is one thing that seem to linger in her work...suffering, which  ussualy came from love, loneliness and a longing feeling.<br />And so is this  story...this time Anne Rice became audacious. She questioned the love of  God to His most beautifull creature....men.<br />And so began the journey of  Lestat with Memnoch the Devil. In this journey, Memnoch tell the story  about how God has abandoned human that is long to meet His divine  love.<br />With this story Rice raise the question...why, if there is  something as the Loving God, human suffering must exist ? Why do God give  the pleasure and love between human just to take it away ? At one point,  God seem to realize the human suffering, and transformed into the form of  Jesus Christ too carry the human suffering, and to show His divine love too  human. At this, through her character Memnoch, Rice questioned..&quot;How  can that be called as sacrificial act ? Jesus cannot be considered feel the  human suffering because He know the truth about God, He know that He will  return to heaven, whereas human know's nothing about scuh thing. If God  really want to feel the human suffering, than God must also release all His  knowledge about Himself.<br />So, all of you Rice's fans who know her work  from her the previous work such as The Previous Vampires Chronicles, The  Witching Hour etc, especially those who loved the character Lestat so much,  must forget the old Rice and the old Lestat. This is Rice's novel...that is  literally meant to be thought provoking.<br />Rice is trying to be more  serious with her work.
B00004RFFL|2.0|If you enjoy Johnny Depp, this is a must see as he seems to carry the movie.  Theron handled the emotional scenes well, but as a whole, it needed character depth and a coherent plot.  The reason I gave it 2 stars as there  is no violence, limited use of profanity, and only one embarrassing sex  scene.
B00000IGGA|5.0|This was my first CD by Tom and I was surprised to say the least. First of all, i thought it wasn't too good, then i listened to it some more and now i love it. It is a definate grower. It doesn't need to be compared to his  earlier works because it stands up on its own. From surreal (What's He  Building) to noisy (Filipino Box Spring Hog) and tender (Take It With Me)  the music is superb. Best tracks are: all of them. Get the album NOW!
6305718911|1.0|This is one silly, pretentious, little film,very confused (by no means confusing) and judging by its imagery and sentiments aimed directly at minds raised on MTV.      Please! People of faith will not be moved. The  admonition, as I picked through the mire that is this film, was to be not  like &quot;whited sepulchers..full of dead men's bones and corruption&quot;  to have a living faith... Gee, who said that, I wonder? It's in the  Gospels. As far as this little flick is concerned: No  &quot;revelations&quot; here.       Read the Book instead!
6305603847|5.0|Brilliant insight into the dark,maddening life of a supposed rock star slipping his grip on reality.Dark and haunting with extremely good use of the soundtrack.Hell,see it just for the beautiful,incredibly constructed  animation.Disney doesnt come close to this quality.
B00002E23E|5.0|This video is great.Especially eerie is when Jimmy is climbing up the mountain while using the violin bow on the guitar,this creates a very creepy sequence that sends chills up my spine when Robert Plant lets out  the most eerie chant ever.I did notice that  Plant wasn't quite warmed up  while performing &quot;Black dog&quot; and &quot;rock and roll&quot;,but as  the show went on his voice became better.Also excellent was the version of  &quot;the rain song&quot;,which sounded almost identical to the studio  recording.Some of the songs are complimented by fictional sequences,which  are a mixed bag.The sequence of jimmy climbing the mountain as  aforementioned is haunting,and John Bonhams &quot;Moby Dick&quot; sequence  is humourous and adrenaline packed.This version of Stairway to heaven is  adequate,and &quot;whole lotta love' is exellent.If you're a fan i  recommend you buy this,if you're not a fan at least rent.
0684803356|5.0|Usually, even with the best books, I would say that &quot;this book is not for everyone.&quot;  Not so with this novel.  I truly believe that this book IS for everyone.  Unlike so much other 20th century literature, one need not be well read to get something out of it.   <br />    The story is of  two of man's most cherished and hated traditions:  Love and War.   The  tragedy is that we have had so much of the latter and so little of the  former.   We see much of both in &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls.&quot;  It  is a tender story of two young people who just want to live a  &quot;normal&quot; life together during the Spainish civil war, but who are  prevented from doing thus due to their being in the wrong place at the  wrong time.<br />It is incredulous to me that there were other reviewers who  found this book &quot;boring.&quot;  I can only surmise that anyone who  would find a novel such as this boring will not find anything  &quot;exciting&quot; unless it has Arnold Scharzenegger swinging around a  machine gun.  But that, I believe, is the fault of the reader's lack of  attention span and cannot be blamed on Hemingway.<br />The author writes that  &quot;The world is a fine place and worth the fighting for and I hate very  much to leave it.&quot;  I would agree.  Anyone else who agrees, and anyone  who has a passion and zest for life should read this book.  One of the best  examples of American literature in the 20th century.
B00004LN16|5.0|The first time I listened to SUL, I was focused on the title track &amp; not the rest, I thought it was just OK.  But the 2nd time thru it hit me... This CD IS THE WHOLE F'N SHOW!  With songs like &quot;Safe in New York  City&quot;, &quot;Come and Get It&quot;, and my personal favorite &quot;All  Screwed Up&quot;.  There are at the very, very least 8 Top of the line  tracks.  Which out of 12 that ain't all that bad.  I swear to you this CD  gets better and better each time you hear it.
B000002KOG|4.0|This is Neil Young for those who don't like Neil Young, but who do like Buffalo Springfield, Poco, Gene Clarke, The Byrds, and similar purveyors of country-rock.<br />When the Buffalo Springfield broke up, I eagerly  anticipated solo albums by the group members. (Nowadays, after having seen  so many groups break up, because the individuals have had &quot;high  artistic goals,&quot; meaning they're jealous of each other or aren't  getting enough royalties, I know better.) Neil Young was the first, I  think, to pop onto the scene with this eponymous, and encouraging, album.  It was not overwhelming, and I thought most of Neil's writing with the  Springfield better, but it's quite pretty, and has the most hands-on  production (by Jack Nitschze) of any of his records. Those used to  rough-and-tumble one-take Neil may find this a bit syrupy, although I find  it stops short of being over-arranged and over-edited. I guess it's closest  in tone to Neil's songs on Last Time Around (1968.)<br />The sequel, if anyone  is interested, is that I snapped up the second Neil Young album, with Crazy  Horse, one fine day in 1969. (I also bought that day the avant rock  masterpiece Soft Machine, Volume 2. Funny the things you remember.) Anyway,  my first impression on getting Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere was: Gee,  it's too bad Neil got saddled with those guys in Crazy Horse. They're  awful. Or maybe, yeah now I get it, they're making fun of him, playing this  three-chord trash-rock stuff behind him, while he comes on all sensitive.  And what's that? A repeated single-note guitar solo? Couldn't they come up  with, like, a riff?<br />Of course, this record outsold the previous one ten  to one, and Neil was off and running. I actually told someone in front of  me in line in a Cambridge music store not to buy the album because it was  really bad. She bought it anyway. I knew I was out of touch -- and have  been ever since.<br />Neil's third and fourth albums, whose LPs roommates  (usually female ones) owned, and played endlessly, were far worse. (And I  began to think better of the second.) Was this guy REALLY going to play  whomping basic triad chords through the whole thing? Couldn't they afford a  piano player who knew what the black notes were for?<br />So I've never liked  Neil Young since, although I always hold out a slender hope. He writes too  quickly, plays too sloppily, and falls easily into bad habits; nothing I've  heard in the years since has even come close to the first album, much less  the Buffalo Springfield tracks.<br />And we all know what happened next. David  Crosby, the most annoying man in rock, was thrown out of the Byrds for  deliberately singing other peoples' songs offkey, among other things, and  joined up with Stephen Stills to form CSNY, a band you could always count  on for one or two good songs per album. Stills's solo albums were okay, but  with the exception of a few tracks, unmemorable. And the member I thought  the least of the three, Richie Furay, proved to be the strongest writer and  player during his period with Poco. (And Jim Messina...well, let's not talk  about THAT.)<br />In sum, then: I like this album a good deal, but don't like  anything else that Neil ever did again, ever. How can I make such sweeping  generalizations? Why not? I'm old enough not to care whether there might be  a Neil Young album out there that I'd REALLY like. I'm perfectly happy with  the Willem Breuker Kollektief, Mahler, John Zorn, Ivor Cutler, and, of  course, those remastered Byrds reissues.<br />(Anyone know when the  long-rumored Buffalo Springfield boxed set will be out?)
630575067X|5.0|To summarize in advance:  &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is a richly nuanced movie that can only be appreciated fully over the course of several viewings.  Here's why:<br />It is difficult to imagine a task more difficult  than the one George Lucas undertook with &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot;.   After creating one of the richest and popular science fiction universes to  appear on film or in print (three of the most popular movies of all time  and dozens of supplementary novels), he undertakes to show us how that  universe came to be.  How did the father of Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa  Solo become Darth Vader?  Who was their mother and what ever happened to  her?  How was it that a republic that had stood for thousands of years  succumb to the machinations of an &quot;evil emperor&quot; and become the  &quot;empire&quot;?<br />The answers to such questions are not likely to be  any simpler than the historical paths that turned the Wiemar Republic into  Nazi Germany, and to the dissapointment of many viewers, George Lucas does  succumb to the easy path and deliver simple answers.  Every movie in the  Star Wars saga is different.  The young heros of &quot;A New Hope&quot;  stumble, again and again, from a bad situation to worse as the  &quot;Empire&quot; attempts its final consolidation of power.  &quot;The  Empire Strikes Back&quot; is a tale of survival as the Emperor figures out  what foiled that consolidation and attempts to turn that situation to  advantage.  &quot;The Return of the Jedi&quot; is a tale of complex and  intersecting plans on a collision course that ends in the climatic undoing  of the Emperor's schemes and the redemption of Luke Skywalkers  father.<br />&quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is the multilayered beginning of  the events that make those movies possible, and is impossible to fully  appreciate with a single viewing.  We meet the young Darth Vader when he is  still a good, wide-eyed and optimistic boy, but a boy unlike any the  &quot;Jedi-order&quot; has ever encountered before.  We meet his mother,  enigmatic &quot;There is no father&quot; led some to (I think inaccurately)  make &quot;Virgin Mother&quot; allusions when the nuances of her statement  suggest a great deal more.  We meet the future emporer while he is still a  Republic senator, watch him create a political crisis (&quot;The Phantom  Menace&quot;) out of nothing (when is any bureaucracy efficient or  completelly free of corruption), and then turn that into vastly enhanced  political power (literally the beginning of the emperor's rule).<br />All  these introductions and machinations come with a price that &quot;A New  Hope&quot; never had to pay.  Detail and Nuance matter, and there is  ultimately too much movie.  Faced with some of the same problems in &quot;A  New Hope&quot;, George Lucas turned it into three movies.  Having already  laid out the movies that follow from &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot;, he  turned instead to cuts that are sometimes so tight you don't hear things  the first time you see the movie.  The screen is so rich with image that  you simply don't see things that really matter the first time through.  The  movie improves with every viewing, and so long as the smaller screen and  revised format doesn't rob us of the detail, it will improve with each  viewing on VideoTape.  I believe that time will be much kinder to this  movie than the critics were to its initial release, and I certainly  recommend both it and the novelization (which complement each other nicely)  to all.
6305311463|5.0|Bruce Willis may be the starof ARMAGEDDON, but it's thesuperior supporting cast thatreally pushes this film overthe top.Ben Affleck,Liv Tyler,Billy Bob Thornton,Will Patton,Keith David,Peter Stormare are all very good in  the film,but it's Steve Buscemi's comic relief that drives this  extravaganza!  Subtract Mr. Buscemi from the mix and the moviewould be no  better than average.I've never seen a film that made saving the planet  quite so fun!The Criterion Edition of the film is worth the extra pesos or  bucks they charge.It's a director's cut of the film and the added minutes  only help the show.Most of the additional time concerns the training of the  first-time astronauts,who will go on to save the planet for us.A second  disc is included in the package which is loaded with extras film fans  love.You get a gag reel,deleted scenes,trailers,a music video by  Aerosmith,storyboards,and a whole lot more.As usual,the folks at Criterion  have done a bang-up job,the video trasfer is terrific,the added film  footage lifts the movie even higher,and the extra disc with the  supplementary material is the crowning jewell! If you liked the original  movie,you'll like this director's cut better!
B0000028RR|5.0|This is r.a.t.m's best CD. The first song I ever heard was Killing in the name Of. When I heard that song I was hooked!
6304602979|4.0|Well, what can I say, a great freakin' movie.  Now, I am not the biggest Tarantino fan, but I do love this movie and Pulp Fiction.  The thing that draws me to his movies is the dialogue.  It's the way people really talk!   Political correctness is thrown out the window, along with any censorship  of gratuitous violence.  And isn't that what we really want?  If you want  censored films, watch Disney.  If you like the whole action film thing,  this movie is for you.  If you like the whole love story thing, this film  is for you.  If you like movies with multiple stars-you guessed it, this  film is for you.  This movie is so good, it has background characters such  as Brad Pitt, Dennis Hopper, Christopher Walken, and Val Kilmer.   Background characters!  I didn't even recongize Val Kilmer as Elvis (just  watch the movie) until I watched it for like the third time.  My only real  complaint on the DVD is that it was not recorded in 5.1 surround.  This  movie is what 5.1 surround was made for!  I was probably overly  disappointed about that, but otherwise, there is no reason to not buy this  if any of this information interests you.
B000003Z4C|5.0|This is the finest work I have ever seen.  The sheer energy and honesty in 'Loverman'.  The meaning and truth behind 'Red Right Hand'.  The amazing song writing not only in 'I let Love In', but on the other tracks.  'Lay Me  Low' is simply the best self-pity song since 'Knocking on Heaven's Door'.   Energy and emotion flow through this album.  You will feel what he is  saying.  Cave is the Tom Waits of today and the recent past.  Though,  comparing him to Tom does no justice.  Nick, is a better writer, with the  way the emotion just jumps out at you.  His act is also better put together  and talented than Waits'. I don't suggest this CD.  I am TELLING you to buy  it.
B000000W5H|4.0|There is a lot to like in this album.  After the string of brilliant and challenging albums that the Stones put out between 1967-1973, however, this one is kind of a letdown.  While it has a batch of great tunes, the album  really doesn't really pull itself together as a cohesive unit.  It does the  Motown thing, it does the Jamaican thing, it does the fun filler thing, it  does the funk thing and it does the ballad thing.  It's influx of styles  and sometimes lazy production probably has something to do with Mick  Taylor's growing disinterest with the band and Mick Jagger's growing  interest in the mega-superstar lifestyle.  As a serious album, it's good.   As a testament to where the Stones when they reached the top of the heap,  it's priceless.  And as a album that is just one big grab bag of styles,  it's a winner.
6304032587|5.0|I think that the plot of the story is very good.  The girl could have been a little better.  There was a lot of action and suspence.  A note to the movie directors, make it more obvious as where the story is taking place.  Overall I think the movie is second best, next to For Your Eyes Only.
B000000W5B|5.0|After this album, the Stones ranged from listenable to great, but &quot;Goats Head Soup&quot; remains the final lap in their stunning string of albums that began with (for me) &quot;Between the Buttons.&quot;  The  initial criticism of this album is not really deserved in lieu of the fact  that &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot; is now considered one of the greatest  albums ever produced.  Sure &quot;Goats Head Soup&quot; pales to  &quot;Exile&quot; to some degree (it surely isn't as long) but, like I  always say, you could find worse things to listen to in 1973.  And, at the  very least, the Stones were trying out some funky and interesting Jamaican  and Eastern rhythms that still work. Call it a mini-masterpiece.
052594527X|5.0|In regard to the reviewer who critiqued this book as being &quot;Inconsistent,&quot; I don't recall the author ever saying that Griet taught anyone to read and write. I do recall that the mistress Catherina eventually taught her children to read and write though. In any case, I  thought the book was very imaginative and romantic. For an author who's  writing style is so simple (it's a very easy read), she somehow captured  Griet's world beautifully from Griet's perspective. I found myself touched  by both Griet's strengths and weaknesses, and her complex love for Vermeer.  I also found myself consistently flipping to the front cover of the book to  stare at her intriguing portrait. I can see why the author found the  mysterious subject worthy of story material.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Carole King. What more can be said? She is a legend in her own time. I think that the lyrics she wrote define a state of being- the songs like &quot;It's Too Late&quot; and &quot;Will you still love me tomorrow?&quot;  are lamenting love songs while yet songs like &quot;Home Again&quot; and  &quot;Tapestry&quot; just discuss the human condition. &quot;Smackwater  Jack&quot; discussed gun control and cleaning up our streets before that  was a common issue, and songs like &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot; (that  was also recorded by her ex-husband and put on his greatest hits album-also  a jewel!) are so beautiful...it makes you feel like you literally have a  friend you can call after you have listened to the CD. Really, this CD  needs no review. Tapestry is a perfect album in all forms.
B0000029DD|5.0|From start to finish this album shines.  I have not been able to take this one out of my cd player since I got it.  It is a shame that Jeff is no longer with us, but the music that he left us is truly a blessing... If you  do not have this one, I strongly suggest that you go out and get it.
B000002KHY|5.0|I personally agree with Jason, James Taylor is a great alternative to Limp Biscuit and Corn and bands like that. The songs on this album are all soft and relaxing, and I myself like &quot;Fire and Rain&quot; best. I heard  this song when I was flipping radio stations and not listening for anything  in particular except what caught my ear (I seem to have good luck that way:  I also discovered Jim Morrison and the Doors like that...and I first heard  &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; that way....but back on the subject....) The  tune immediatly grabbed me and so I went and bought this album. This album  never gets old. EVER. Somehow, he finds a way to keep every song on here  seeming new the first time, second time, all the way up to any number of  times.<br />One thing I wanted to mention that I thought was weird, also a  little off the subject, did you notice that James Taylor and Carly Simon  were married and they made guest appearances on eachother's albums and  wrote together and James Taylor and Carole King were married and they did  the same thing? I think that James Taylor not only had an effect on them, I  believe he helped shape some of the better music these days. (I also think  that he knew talent when he saw it-Carly Simon and Carole King were two of  the other great artists of the time.)<br />James Taylor has a career that  deserves celebration. Congratulations on his Rock and Roll Hall of Fame  inductee status!
B00000IL67|5.0|The alternate versions of some songs is what attracted me to this set. I was surprised to find then, that the packaging and extras were nice as well! Many of the old tracks have been enhanced in sound quality and soung better then most other compilations. <br />Don't buy this thinking it's a Greatest hit's compilation though, because it isn't. The purpose of this CD is to chronice Alice's whole career. From the orignal band's work, through his drinking phase, and into the shock rock madman he is now. The set is very subjective to your taste. So if you want ballads, there's plenty of ballads, if you want metal, there's plenty of that. Most of his hits are here, but some of the more obscure tracks are also here too. Some of these are just plain weird, but some of them are very cool.<br />Basically if you're starting off in Cooperland, I'd recommend you get a single CD compilation first. Basically because, great as this set is, it's really designed for the fans. If you want straight ahead hard rock n roll, while that certainly exists here, the box set wasn't designed just to show rock n roll Alice. Like I say, it demonstrates his whole career. Many great rock tracks of albums like Trash or Raise Your Fist from the eighties are missing, so I'd really recommend this more for the fans than the newbie. It's a great set though. The book you get with it is very cool as well !
B000002GFU|5.0|This Cd is amazing. I really don't know how to describe it. I think very highly of every song on here....I really like the pacifist viewpoint that Cat (Yusuf) displays. The songs &quot;Wild World&quot; and &quot;Sad  Lisa&quot; are some of his best. I really consider this album a greatest  hits album...there is really nothing i can say about this album except if  you want to hear something other then Corn and groups like that, you can go  get &quot;Tea For the Tillerman&quot; (I know some people still have the LP  they can blow the dust off of) off the shelf, clean your record needle and  listen to the sounds of Cat Stevens (Yusuf)
B00000JCB2|1.0|Keep the love and keep this out of your life
B000002GVZ|5.0|You're So Vain is such a funny song! I really think that SOMEONE made her mad and boy did they get told!  That is the reason I bought the CD...I thought that was a better anthem for jilted women then You Outta Know. But  when I got the CD home, I was pleasently surprised. I thought that the best  song was That's the Way I've Always Heard It Should Be...and I still do on  some days! This CD is a classic...it will never get old. The songs on this  CD go straight to your heart.
0060977493|4.0|it is very amusing for me to write something about a book that is so popular...who reads until here ? I think it is a very beautyful cruel real tale about the conflict between the &quot;so called values&quot; and love...this is what she describes high emotionally, often painfully for me  to read...it toughed me very deep, so that I had to read it slowly...it is  a book about the value of love... nothing more nothing less. I do not think  that its the best(if I would like rankings) book Ive ever read, the  characters represent ideas(very greek) and so they are kind of static...but  it was one of my turning points, and to read it was a worthful experience  for me at that time read it if you want...you may like it
B000006YAY|4.0|I bought this LP in the discard pile in 1970. It has been partially rereleased in 1996-7. What else is there to say about Morisson? Many of these cuts have been shown in his Movie by Stone, in rereleased Ed Sullivan  on VH1, in Doors videos, live at the Hollywood Bowl etc. I suggest you  interpret Morrisson and subdivide his works as the Blues or the Poems. This  cd of course falls into the Blues . It was recorded in various states of  inebriation which added to the live aspect or the profanity aspect, take  your pick. You already know this stuff if you've gotten this far. Nothing  real new.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I was a Santana fan back in the 70's, and greatly enjoyed his music.  With all the Grammy hype, I eagerly bought and looked forward to this CD.  How DISAPPOINTING.  It was not at all what I expected.  Everyone likes  &quot;Smooth&quot;...but in my opinion, that is the only song on this CD  worth listening to.
088103052X|3.0|Is this really considered a classic? Though issue of race and prejudice is certainly of great importance, I don't see as though its been evoked in this book in some sort of revolutionary way.  Tom Robinson's story is painful to hear, and the depth to which Maycomb is developed by the author  is impressive, but this book is by no means a classic.  The author's style  is of no great note, and the plot, while carrying the reader through the  duration of the book, is not of a &quot;classic&quot;, compelling nature.   All in all, a solid book.
0345350499|4.0|What is 40% Arthurian legend, 20% Celtic mysticism, 20% religious commentary, 15% feminist diatribe, and 5% harlequin romance novel?  M.Z. Bradley's \\"Mists of Avalon\\" is.<br />\\"Mists\\" is the epic tale of the legendary  king of Britain and his companions of the round table, recounting the whole  of Arthur's life, from cradle to grave.  Unusual to \\"Mists\\" is the point of  view.  It is written entirely from the perspective of the female  characters: his half-sister, Morgaine;  his wife, Guenivere; his aunt,  Morgase.  As a result battles and invasions are often talked about as  hearsay and recollection, but seldom occur in the story itself.  Instead,  the reader is privy to those events that the female characters would have  been present for: feast days, love scenes, and endless hours of bantering  and spinning in the royal court.  Taking this a step farther, the narration  is only omniscient for the female characters - an affective literary  device.<br />The characters have plenty of time to develop over the course of  six decades and 800+ pages.  Bradley is good at describing the changes in  personality that come with age, and isn't afraid to give each character  individual strengths, flaws, and idiosyncrasies.  For example Guenivere is  portrayed as near sighted and agoraphobic, while the brave Sir Lancelot has  a propensity towards sweet music.  However, some of the characters are  inconsistent in their behaviors, changing their minds from one chapter to  the next.  Perhaps is it was due to poor nutrition.  <br />Bradley takes the  well known story of Arthur and casts it in a different light, using the  opportunity of a captive audience to discuss just about every hot button  issue there is: abortion, rape, adoption, homosexuality, senility, and  various types of mental illness.  Chief among her issues to discuss was the  narrow mindedness of the brand of Christianity that was spreading  throughout Europe.  After a while, I felt as if Bradley had made her  points,and was beating a dead horse.  Also, the sex scenes were a tad  overdone for my buck.  The adjectives were straight out of a cheap romance  novel.  <br />This novel has a bit of everything: magic and mysticism, romance  and betrayal, plotting and plodding.  It is a fresh perspective of a  familiar story, written with a definite worldview.
0812589041|5.0|Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card is the well-told story of a young boy named Ender Wiggin and a struggle that rages ,within his conscience, and throughout the galaxy.  In the future, humanity has been twice attacked by a vicious alien race known as the &quot;Buggers.&quot;  Fearing a third  invasion, military leaders desperately search for a military leader.   Believing six-year-old Ender to be that brave leader, they launch him off  to a &quot;Battle School&quot; space station to train him in the art of  war.  Ender's will and endurance are put to the test, and though his strife  never seems to end, neither does his strength.  With this creative story,  Card shows us that he not only has the ability to convey mind-bending  concepts in a way that makes them seem second nature, he also has a unique  understanding of the human spirit... especially the young human.
B00000064F|5.0|Okay, I agree that there are a couple of less than stellar cuts here. But the rest is deeply moving and thought provoking, ranking with the best of Dylan.
B00004NRUM|5.0|Marillion is accused of giving birth to Neo-Prog, and Neo-Prog is accused of polluting Prog, pure and experimental and sublime, with commercial rock cliches. I've listened to some Neo-Prog albums and I gave my nod to those  accusations. But listening to this album, I feel I'm brought into a whole  new world. Like the recent album by Discipline, _Unfolded Like Staircase_,  this album delivers one of the most accomplished music of very high calibre  in a very accessible form. I recommend this album to any prog rock fan.
B000001FY9|2.0|Some of Bob Marley's tunes are all right, but too many of his lyrics are preachy and -- let's face it -- downright absurd.  Do YOU think the West is Babylon or that Ethiopia's Halle Selassie (!) is God?  All in all,  Jamaica's best musician remains Noel Coward, even if he didn't start there.
0767821769|5.0|&quot;Stepmom&quot; is a beautiful movie about a woman dying of cancer who is about to be replaced by a younger, more attractive woman.  Susan Sarandon and Julia Roberts are so wonderful together in this film!  Both of  them earned my applause.  Jena Malone is great as the jilted daughter, as  is Ed Harris.  This is gonna jerk a lot of tears, but it is a magnificent  movie that should be shared by families all over the world.
B000002GEY|5.0|Undoubtedly this band's best and most commercial success.  On this recording, Supertramp goes for a more pop oriented structure on their songs as opposed to the symphonic mood pieces on Crime Of The Century.  The  result was three catchy singles and many strong album cuts.  The keyboard  and brass touches on this album is what makes Supertramp stand out from the  guitar driven bands of the Seventies.  Also the lyrics and vocals are each  delivered straight from the heart and mind.  Its too bad these guys did not  deliver much more quality work than this and Crime Of The Century as the  potential was definitely there.
1567407757|5.0|I have never been impacted so much by any book. I listened to it in the audio version and it was wonderful, inspiring and insightful even though of course a little sad. The feeling of sadness was lost as you became wrapped in these two men's lives. I will be passing this book on to loved ones and  friends alike.
B00004NRUM|5.0|Marillion is accused of giving birth to Neo-Prog, and Neo-Prog is accused of polluting Prog, pure and experimental and sublime, with commercial rock cliches. I've listened to some Neo-Prog albums and I gave my nod to those  accusations. But listening to this album, I feel I'm brought into a whole  new world. Like the recent album by Discipline, _Unfolded Like Staircase_,  this album delivers one of the most accomplished music of very high calibre  in a very accessible form. I recommend this album to any prog rock fan.
6303567126|5.0|I found this movie to be anything but boring.  Well written, shot, and acted by all involved.  Leonardo DiCaprio's superbly gritty performance proves he's not just another pretty face; he truly is a really talented  actor. I hope the success of Titanic, and the subsequent adoration of  teenyboppers, won't keep him from getting more great roles where he can  really show his range like this.
630575067X|2.0|&quot;Star Wars:  Episode I - The Phantom Menace&quot; is the much-anticipated prequel to the everlastingly popular &quot;Star Wars&quot; series.  I thought it was going to be much better than it was.  The special  effects were good, but overly flashy.  The presence of the annoying Jar Jar  Binks wasn't needed and just took away from the development of the other  characters.  The acting was good, but the story was lacking that certain  &quot;Star Wars&quot; element that audiences have been accustomed to with  &quot;A New Hope,&quot; &quot;The Empire Strikes Back,&quot; and  &quot;Return of the Jedi.&quot;  It's entertaining enough, but what  happened here!
B00000K2SC|5.0|I hope this is not a spoiler: this movie is a virtual reality rendering of the life of a modern-day Christ. Superb, delicious, mind-provoking. Breath taking visual effects complete the un-earthly physics of the virtual world.  Needs to be watched over and over; the more you watch it the more you enjoy  it...
B0000214F0|3.0|The most surprising thing about this movie is that with an international cast of in some cases classical actors (Gielguid, O'Toole Mirren ) it is so pornographic. If you look closely you then realise that the name actors  don't actually participate in the steamier scenes and probably were not  even there when they were shot. The surprise is to sit down expecting a Ben  Hur type movie and end up watching porn. Does this make it a bad movie?  maybe not but it does not make it a good movie either.<br />The documentary is  hilarious and worth the cost alone. 3 Stars for fascination value.
6305718954|5.0|This is my favorite movie out on DVD right now. I went to the theater to see it, and couldn't wait until it came out so I could buy it.  After watching the movie, I was so happy to find out about the &quot;words of  Christ&quot;. I don't belong to a church. I don't go to church. But that  doesn't mean I don't beleive in God. I am a good person. I try to live my  life correctly and I don't need to go to church to pray. I don't need to  tell someone else what I've done wrong. I don't need the Middle-man. I  loved this movie because it tells you that. &quot;Christ said&quot;; you  don't have to worship me or my father in a building. I will be there,  anywhere, you need me. That's not the quote from the movie, but a summary.  This is a must see movie!
B000003BF4|5.0|&quot;Does everything seem to be ready is everybody ready, ladies and gentlemen the greatest rock and roll band in the world, the Rolling Stones&quot;.  And with that introduction, the Stones were about to unleash  a live performance that could be hailed as one of the best live recordings  ever made.  This album was made when the Stones were arguably the greatest  rock and roll band in the world and this album proves it.  After the  introduction, the Stones break into a scorching version of &quot;Jumpin'  Jack Flash&quot;, pay tribute to Chuck Berry with 2 fine versions of  &quot;Carol&quot; and &quot;Little Queenie&quot;, giving a nod to their  past while strutting their new material with a vengeance.  The guitar solo  in &quot;Sympathy For The Devil&quot; is simply flawless and as Mick tells  the crowd prior to &quot;Honky Tonk Women&quot;,  &quot;Charlie's good  tonight isn't he.&quot;  Well they were all good that night as this record  shows.  The Stones were in the midst of a phenomenal creative period in  their careers, just prior to the release of this record the Stones had  released two albums that were to become classic performances (Beggar's  Banquet and Let It Bleed).  This album shows the Stones in the midst of  that creative juggernaut and in fine form. (Sticky Fingers and Exile On  Main Street were the next albums to be released).  This album deserves five  stars because it shows the Stones at the height of their performing power  as well as just about reaching their creative peak.  If this one is not in  your collection, then get yer wallets out.  This is not only the best  Stones live album by far, but one of the best live recordings ever made by  a rock and roll band.
0553573403|5.0|This book involves you from start to finish, with the tense prologue to the gripping chapters I could not put it down.  You feel the blows of the characters and scream for justice and revenge alike.  You pray to the Gods, old and new, and will your heroes to pull through.  You see the horror of  war, the subtlety of treason and the rashness of anger.
B0000004V2|5.0|This is the greatest album ever made. It has without doubt the greatest rhythm section ever in Mani and Reni. Although he is quite blantently a fool, Squire's guitar licks set off perfectly as the bass and drums gush  out of the speakers. Hell, even Brown's voice sounds made for the song's  here. Possibly a concept album, telling the Roses' story from ambition to  godlike status. The version I have doesn't have Fools Gold on and I for one  think it is better off without it. Is there any better way to finish an  album than with the acid-loaded beat psycadelica that is I Am The  Ressurection? I should at this point say that although it shouldn't be  here, Fools Gold is the greatest piece of sound that mankind, or any other  type of life can create. Fact. No dispute. The groundbreaking dance-like  shuffle of Reni's kit leads to to what is undisputibly the greatest and  most recognisable bassline ever. Come on, you all know it. Doh doh doh,  doh, doh dohdohdohdohdoh. Squire's shakey-wrist guitar action almost takes  backstage. And of course there's Ian Brown's ghostly distant vocals. He was  born to sing this song. Fools Gold will completely take over your mind and  body for 9 minutes and 53 seconds and try as you might, you cannot resist.  The lyrics, like the best Roses songs, are typically swaggery and  egotistical, or at least they would be if they didn't live up to them.  &quot;I'm standing alone, I'm watching you all, I'm seeing you  sinking&quot;. ie. &quot;we've just reinvented what is good and what  isn't&quot;. oh yeah, the other songs. Well, I Wanna Be Adored menacingly  strides out from beyond the horizon to tell you exactly what's going to  happen next. Yet dispite this, the shear explosion of technicolour melody  that is She Bangs the Drums still shocks and exhilerates you. Waterfall,  built around a gorgeous riff, makes you want more. And it comes, in the  shape of its stoned little brother, Don't Stop. Elizabeth My Dear orders  her Maj off her perch (andwho would she be to argue?). Shoot You Down is a  blissed out soundscape and This Is The One tells you in the title what you  are witnessing. The final two songs, as I have said are two of the greatest  sounds recordings ever, Iam The Ressurection representing the Stone Roses  coronation as Kings of all who stood before them.  The Beatles may be the  originals, The Clash may have shown what was wrong, and Oasis may have  kidknapped and held hostage the zeitgeist, but can any of them truely match  this album?
B000002KOJ|5.0|I agree with everyone that Joni has made better albums, and that she was just discovering her greatness.  However, I also think that with the exceptions of Blue and Court and Spark, there are no other Joni albums I  would rather put in and listen to staight through.  All of the songs fit  together so beautifully that is is hard not to lie back and have a simple  moment of perfect contentness while listening to this album.  This is one  of my favorite albums for when I just want to feel something powerful.
B00003CX7K|5.0|excellent video, great entertainment for kids and adults.Great story line and gripping from start to finish.Lovely to see this as such videos are a rarity nowadays.
B000002C1V|5.0|This album is awesome in its ability to exhibit so much pain and elegance in music and lyrics/poetry.  It is amazing and moving.  This powerful subject matter is presented beautifully.  You can't find this stuff in  today's \\"commercialized formulas\\" and \\"music machines\\".<br />A must have.   Title says it all-  &quot;a requiem for the post war dream&quot;
B000001E7L|5.0|I bought the CD a while ago for the song &quot;Zombie&quot; and because a friend said it was good.  The first time I listened to the CD I was a little disappointed becuase I was expecting more songs like Zombie, but I  don't regret getting the CD.  I LOVE IT! I listen to it all the time now.
B000002L3P|4.0|Although I think KWS's &quot;Live On&quot; CD is his most original release yet, in some ways this one is even better. In my opinion, Corey Sterling is a more natural singer, less forced or put-on than his replacement, Noah  Hunt. And this one features some great keyboard work by Jimmy Wallace, who  isn't even on the &quot;Live On&quot; release. The first half of the CD is  incredible, with several songs (&quot;Deja Voodoo&quot;, &quot;Born with a  Broken Heart&quot;, &quot;One Foot on the Path&quot;, &quot;Everybody Gets  the Blues&quot;, &amp; the soaring instrumental &quot;While We Cry&quot;)  rating as good as anything Shepherd's recorded so far. Also, the  songwriting is actually better here than on the two follow-up releases. A  couple of weak tracks, (&quot;Aberdeen&quot; &amp; &quot;Riverside&quot;)  keep this one from rating 5-stars.
B000000FG8|5.0|I am a high-school aged kid, and all my school years I have been concerned only with fitting in and being accepted by others.  There is a punk kid in most of my classes, and he introduced me to Rancid.  I bought Out Come the  Wolves, and decided I liked punkish music.  I then linked Rancid to  Operation Ivy, and bought this.  I then decided I was a punk.<br />While I  have never been oppressed by a police officer, or lived in a big city, I  feel the same anguish with the government as Operation felt almost ten  years ago.  <br />The lyrics on this CD are so profound, I have never heard  lyrics as relevant and honest as these.<br />To top it off, there are many  songs on this CD that are quite catchy, without even the slightest hint of  pop music.<br />This CD is nothing short of remarkable.
B000002B7M|5.0|One of the finest Rock and Roll alblums of all time.  Simply a classic.  Possibly the purest guitar player, EVER, in Rock and Roll.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is amazing. I can't even listen to Exit Music without getting teary eyed; moving moments like that abound here. Wow, is this album good. If you have a brain and any musical taste, you should own this one, so  don't hesitate to buy it.
0451191153|5.0|as you can see from this review page, people either hate this book or love it. I love it. to those who say that Ayn Rand is into communism or socialism or some other collectivist thing, let me say YOU STUPID FOOLS, READ THE BOOK AGAIN! there is no such reference in this book, in fact,  there are many references against it. all of my friends told me not to read  this book. if I had listened to them, I would have been deprived of the  best expirience of my life. Ayn Rand says in this book that you cannot live  your life for others. this is true. whether you believe her or not, you  should read this book. it is a shame that they do not teach her in high  school or college. we would have a better society if they did.
0783225881|5.0|This movie is my favorite movie of all time.  I cry like a baby (honestly) just THINKING about when Ray says, &quot;Hey, Dad, wanna have a catch?&quot;  I have that movie sound clip on my desktop and listen to it  at least every day.  But it's not just that that makes this movie special.   Burt Lancaster's performance is absolutely breathtaking.  James Earl Jones  as well.  To those who call this movie &quot;syrupy&quot; and  &quot;overblown&quot; all I can say is that your hearts are black.  It's a  baseball movie, a father-son movie, a movie about passion and hope, etc.  etc.  Beautiful in every way.
B00000JGHS|2.0|This film is over-long and boring. The acting is awful and it does not succed as either a comedy or a drama. Demi Moore shows that she is not afraid to take risks with her career, but she should of chosen a better  script. Burt Reynolds is 'not that bad', but if you really want to see him  shine I recommend 'Boogie Nights'. Nothing to recommend in this movie,  except the nicely staged, and surprisingly never vulgar dance sequences,  and even those are never sexy enough to make an impact. Rent it first. From  a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 4!
0399143904|1.0|This is the first, and surely the last, book written by Tom Clancy that I read. The book is realy predictable and boring. And even worst, it seems that we, the Europeans, are so dumb and incompetent that we need a superman  called John Clark (a USA citizen of course), leading a suposed  international team (essencialy a USA team), to solve our terrorism  problems. I don't see the reality when an European country needs a  US-controled team to solve their problems on their territory. Austria does  have an elite police team, Spain also, but in this book seems that this  teams are completly useless. And in the case that an EU country needs  police aid, they surely would ask to the EU members, not to a US controled  team. This makes the book completly ridiculous, but there are also a lot of  research mistakes. One of the terrorist actions take place in Port  Aventura, in Spain. The Port Aventura that Tom Clancy describes is  absolutly imaginary, stupid, and realy insulting for the Europeans,  including the ridiculous attraction &quot;The Stuka&quot;. Also the image  of Basques is insulting, it seems that all Basques are terrorists, but Tom  Clancy perhaps don't know that only a few Basques are terrorists, and this  terrorists are not stupid(despicable of course, but not stupid). In the  book the Basque terrorists have Spanish names, not Basque ones. And the  Basque terrorists never make terrorist actions outside Spain and South of  France. In resume, a total waste of time and money.
B000000WA4|5.0|The Smashing Pumpkins' ingenious &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot; is a masterpiece in every sense of the word. A lyrical, sonic triumph of imagination and creativity, &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; contains  so broad a variety of songs, it's hard to believe they were made by the  same group (wait--it's the Pumpkins, never mind!) in the same album. There  are no poor songs on this album, but it definitely has some standouts,  these include (in no particular order) &quot;Bullet with Butterfly  Wings,&quot; &quot;Here is No Why,&quot; &quot;Zero,&quot;  &quot;Love,&quot; &quot;Bodies,&quot; &quot;In the Arms of Sleep,&quot;  &quot;We Only Come out at Night,&quot; &quot;Beautiful,&quot; &quot;Cupid  de Locke,&quot; and &quot;To Forgive.&quot; This is definitely the best  Smashing Pumpkins album!
B000002NHN|5.0|I had never heard of Lorrena McKinnett.  I had heard Mummers' Dance on the radio maybe once.  When my sister brought Book of Secrets home and made me listen to it I was amazed at the beauty of the entire album.  I had to have  it.    There has to be some surprises, so I will only talk about the tracks  that stand out in my mind. Listening to this album is like taking a trip  through time to a place where dragons and knights in shining armor roam.   Every single track stands out and all are my favorites.  &quot;The  Highwayman&quot;, though the longest song, is a tragic love story which  makes the romatic in anyone long to listen to it again and again hoping for  a happy ending.  While &quot;Mummers' Dance&quot; is the fairy tale.   Listening to this track, I envision a midevil troupe &quot;rambling&quot;  through the Irish hills looking for a castle to stay in for the night.     This album is breathtaking!  Everytime I listen to it I get a lump in my  throat.  Even if you are not a new age fan, I suggest this album for the  times when you need to be transported to another time and place so you can  forget about the outside world and all its turmoil.
6304308396|5.0|Billy Wilder and Jack Lemmon have done it again, they have created another instant american comedy classic. Almost perfect performances by Shirley Maclaine and Jack Lemmon make it unique, Fred McMurray also helps out. The  perfect blend between comedy, drama and romance. Billy wilder shows us that  he does possess 'the magic'. This is a Must-See for everyone. From a scale  of 1-10 I give this movie a 9!
0783235968|5.0|I love this movie. I don't really know why. I think it may be my complete fanatical devotion to baseball, particularly to Shoeless Joe. I must say that Ray Liotta does a PHENOMENAL job portraying this character (gotta love  those eyes,) but is often overlooked because of bigger names and parts like  Kevin Costner and James Earl Jones. Though there are a few historical  inaccuracies, I really enjoy this movie. I remember watching it when I was  9 and it first came out. I still love it. I love the book, I love the  movie. It's that simple. It's a simple movie with the family values and  devotion and then there is all sorts of symbolism and all that good stuff,  but it's also just a fun baseball movie. Fans of Shoeless Joe and the 1919  Black Sox scandal will like it too.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I would have to say that this is one of the greatest sophmore albums ever made.  It's got all the things a CD needs and more!  It's original, new, interesting, haunghting, and beautiful.  Every song has a different kind of  beat and a different kind of sound.  None of the ten songs are the same.                and poeple just don't give F.A. enough credit.  To a lot of  people she's just a big joke.  but she DOES have a brain!  and what a brain  it is!  I mean, she wrote all these songs and on her Tidal CD too.  No help  at all.  Just her and her music.  How many of the other artists out there  can say that they wrote all their songs on their CD?             not a  lot.<br />      I think that in the near future if she decides to make some  more CD's she will eventually become a legend.  Maybe.  And there's not a  lot out there in the new Millienium who will still be making music like she  does.  She's probably the first person to make a jazz/rock/ kind of album.   And that's another thing--her music is so cool cuz you can't put it in a  catogory.<br />    Well, that's what i have to say.  Fiona Apple is awesome!
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage's first album is by far their best. Tracks 1,2,3,5, and 9 are some of the best songs I've ever heard. If you have one of the other Rage albums and like it, then you should definitely buy this one.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I would have to say that this is one of the greatest sophmore albums ever made.  It's got all the things a CD needs and more!  It's original, new, interesting, haunghting, and beautiful.  Every song has a different kind of  beat and a different kind of sound.  None of the ten songs are the same.                and poeple just don't give F.A. enough credit.  To a lot of  people she's just a big joke.  but she DOES have a brain!  and what a brain  it is!  I mean, she wrote all these songs and on her Tidal CD too.  No help  at all.  Just her and her music.  How many of the other artists out there  can say that they wrote all their songs on their CD?             not a  lot.<br />      I think that in the near future if she decides to make some  more CD's she will eventually become a legend.  Maybe.  And there's not a  lot out there in the new Millienium who will still be making music like she  does.  She's probably the first person to make a jazz/rock/ kind of album.   And that's another thing--her music is so cool cuz you can't put it in a  catogory.<br />    Well, that's what i have to say.  Fiona Apple is awesome!
0767802772|3.0|Granted, Fools Rush In is not a movie to watch if you are in the mood for philosophical answers to life's questions.  The movie simply looks at the life and fate of two people who meet, date and start a family in under  twenty-four hours.  They make good and bad decisions and struggle through  each challenge that unfolds before them.  The movie is light, entertaining,  and can be an inspiration to the believer in love at first sight.  If you  are a fan of Matthew Perry (Friends, The Whole Nine Yards) or Salma Hayek,  (Wild Wild West, Dogma) it's a definite don't miss.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I would have to say that this is one of the greatest sophmore albums ever made.  It's got all the things a CD needs and more!  It's original, new, interesting, haunghting, and beautiful.  Every song has a different kind of  beat and a different kind of sound.  None of the ten songs are the same.                and poeple just don't give F.A. enough credit.  To a lot of  people she's just a big joke.  but she DOES have a brain!  and what a brain  it is!  I mean, she wrote all these songs and on her Tidal CD too.  No help  at all.  Just her and her music.  How many of the other artists out there  can say that they wrote all their songs on their CD?             not a  lot.<br />      I think that in the near future if she decides to make some  more CD's she will eventually become a legend.  Maybe.  And there's not a  lot out there in the new Millienium who will still be making music like she  does.  She's probably the first person to make a jazz/rock/ kind of album.   And that's another thing--her music is so cool cuz you can't put it in a  catogory.<br />    Well, that's what i have to say.  Fiona Apple is awesome!
0312853254|5.0|Speaker for the Dead is a very different book, in many ways, from Ender's Game. It is more adult in some ways and more cerebral. Be prepared. Come prepared, as well, to let go of preconceptions-- for this is, even more so than Ender's Game, a book about assumptions and all of the unwritten rules  that can mean the difference between destruction and redemption. <br />Don't  be surprised when, in this book, Ender starts to take his place in a larger  cast of characters. He is now a man, with all of the insight and grim  compassion of his youth, a fortune, and a once-burned, twice-wary attitude  towards being a part of the human race. Yet the Hive Queen cocoon and the  immense guilt it represents spurs him on restlessly from planet to planet.  A new chapter in his life opens with the discovery, near the colony of  Lusitania, of another new alien race. Once more, aliens murder humans for  no apparent reason. Once more, the human response may be murderous. Ender  has long since become the mysterious Speaker for the Dead, an itinerant  counselor dedicated to telling the kind of brutal truths about the dead  people need both to hurt and to heal. But Ender the Xenocide, henceforth  infamous, is humanity's only hope for understanding and coping with the  &quot;piggies.&quot; Saving both races from themselves may be more than  even the Speaker can handle. The path to understanding may require courage  and almost unendurable sacrifice from Ender and (worse) the people he comes  to love. But the fate of humans and piggies alike depends on him, and the  Speaker for the Dead, the only advocate left for those he murdered, can't  afford to be silenced. <br />I loved Ender's Game. I adored Speaker for the  Dead. It--for the first time--takes Ender out into the world of saving  individuals instead of a generic humanity that is almost too abstract to be  real. It is different. Ender does not command here, nor does he have any  special privileges (except those provided by Jane, the suspiciously  intelligent computer program who comes to be the closest companion he has).  Any influence he has, as an adult, is based on negotiation and his own  ability to win the support of the people he works with. Yet these are the  real challenges of human life and endeavour. Ender becomes one a series of  people whose decisions may swing the balance. I don't think that makes his  contribution any less important. <br />I love the compassion with which this  story is told. The tragic stories of Novinha, Marcos, Libo, and others  become transfigured by the simple power of a truth only Ender, as an  outsider, can see. And the largest part of that truth is love that comes  from Ender's quiet ability to reserve judgement.<br />The stroke of real  genius in this piece may be the piggies, who baffle and annoy readers and  generally act like the unpredictable aliens they are. They are still far  from truly alien, but they are alien enough to give us a sense of what  alien truly is. For if science fiction has a dominating concern, it is our  relationship with the strange, the unexpected, the unknown, the other--the  aliens of our own kind we work with every day.
0767824571|5.0|You know the type: people who look for any chance to quote a silly line from some film - &quot;Bring me a shrubbery! - any time it POSSIBLY fits into the conversation, expecting nothing but laughter and admiration from  others. If you're one of those people, you'll love this film. If not, you  won't. It's full of silly situations, silly lines, silly physical and  verbal gags. (Read these reviews for plenty of examples). If that's not  your bag, skip it. If so, it doesn't get any better than this.
0671502336|5.0|I would first like to inform other reviewers that I am a high school junior, read this as part of a choice novel project, and had no trouble grasping the ideas that Joseph Heller presented within his Catch-22.<br />The sarcastic attitude of this novel is conspicuous, and all bonds with reality  are dropped with the first character introductions.  The humor that has  previously been criticized I found to be easy to understand, not  monotonous, and a unique aspect to illustrate WW2.  This is not to say the  humor is for all, because Heller uses many paradoxes (look up definition of  \\"catch-22\\"), simple one line contradictions, and subtle word choices to  draw a laugh-all which represent the personality of the novel.<br />Yes, there  are many characters, probably over fifty, yet grasping the names is not  important at all times.  Of course you quickly get associated with  Yossarian and the other main characters, and chapter do reintroduce people  from the early parts of the book.  This may be annoying, yet each character  is distinct, and there is little chance of confusing Milo, and entrepeneur,  with Havermeyer, the elite pilot.  In truth, the novel lacks a linear time,  but chooses, rather, to define the novel through numerous character  sketches, focusing them loosely around Yossarian.   By the later chapters  of the novel, Heller subtly introduces the gruesome truths of the war,  balancing the early humor with more realistic look.  It is through this  transition that the weight of the situation is elucidated, and by  contrasting the final chapters with the first, Heller is able to attract  our attention and force us to analyze the war.<br />What is the novel about?   There is no simple answer, yet if I attempt to state it in a single  sentence Catch-22's theme, it would be \\"The only true fault of America's  once the war began, was that we as a nation began to glorify war, without  truly understanding the implications of our actions.\\"<br />What is the idea  behindcatch-22 as a statement?  Read the book.  Enjoy.  Open your eyes  with laughter and tears.  Perhaps you won't like the satirical tone, but I  would suggest to all that you try.
6305657947|4.0|NOT a deep thinking type of film, which will appeal to anyonewanting an evening of light entertainment. (FYI - that's my style. Ihate being enlightened, educated, or preached to by Hollywood.)<br />There are enough clever tricks and twists in the plot to keep your attention, though it's not a classic suspense thriller by any means, and the acting is adequate if not inspired. (Dennis Leary does do a great job with his role, which is a delicate balance of someone you hope succeeds while hoping he fails.)<br />Good surprise: the soundtrack is excellent. It supports many critical scenes in the movie, and you'll want to buy the CD.<br />Bad surprise: there is enough nudity and sexual content that you'll want to exclude many younger viewers who would otherwise enjoy the film. That's a shame since it's not strictly necessary to the plot.
1573226521|5.0|Almost seemed autobiographical. You can't write that kind of description without actually being there! I think Alex Garland has realized every backpackers dream of putting their memories or visions into print. Good on you! Altho, I found the book lacking in character development, I still  enjoyed it, and found it a page turner. The episode in the cave was  horrifying and the shark attack equally so. I have experienced first hand  what it is like to live with a group of people in a remote, isolated area,  and it truly works you over psychologically. The book reminded me of that  experience and I could relate. A great first book for Alex Garland, and to  have it made into a movie, not many authors get that kind of recognition!  Good for him, I look forward to reading Tesseract.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Much of the confusion about this film resolves when the viewer is willing to see in a new way. Based on the novella &quot;Traumnovelle,&quot; which translates &quot;Rapsody&quot; or &quot;Dream State,&quot; EYES WIDE SHUT  does not follow the expected linear narrative that we are used to in film.   Its language is poetry, its time and space ritual time and space. Kubrick's  storyline is a gossamer, at once veiling and revealing life as lived in the  primal soup of our unconscious mind. Whether we know it or not, we think  our perceptions are reality and thus live with our eyes-wide-shut.         Clearly Buddhist influences are at play here. Kubrick's interest in  Buddhism began to become clear in his first film entitled FEAR AND DESIRE.  It is the first truth of the Buddha (a name which literally means &quot;the  one who woke up&quot;) that all of life is sorrowful, and the second  teaching is that all sorrow is caused by fear and desire. Alice is filled  with desire for the navel officer in her head and Bill's fear is losing  Alice, and himself. Waking up to the realization that fear and desire are  not related at all to reality but are distortions in his own mind is moment  of his (and our) transendance.  It is not until Bill faces and almost  kisses the worst of all fears, death, in the morgue that he begins to see  that all he feared and desired are not real.  Returning to his wife and  switching off the omnipresent materialism of the Chistmas tree he finds in  his room, in his bed, next to his wife, his own mask.  He now recognizes it  as such and finds in that realization his own personal liberation.  The  bliss that follows could not better be represented than in a child's  pre-Christmas visit to a toy store, which is the perfect setting for Bill  to hear Alice's closing climactic invitation.  Real sex, like real play, is  real life at its most celebratory. Finally, their eyes and ours are wide  open!What a ride! Thank you Stanley!
B000002GFU|5.0|A truly classic album, this is how we want to remember Cat Stevens before he began supporting fatwas against Salman Rushdie.  Indeed it's difficult to understand why such a gentle and intelligent person would embrace the  barbarism of Islam.  The tracks on this album are superb - a classic album  devoid of filler tracks.  It can be listened to from start to finish  without skipping anything.  The best track is undoubtedly On The Road To  Find Out which is almost a chronicle of his conversion to Islam a full  eight years before he took the plunge.  Yusuf (his Islamic name) used the  royalties from this and his other albums to finance a Muslim school in  London and almost all the royalties from his albums now go to the church.   Don't let that put you off.  This is an album you will never grow tired of  hearing.
B0000214F0|5.0|this is the way a film should be made uncut.stay away from the R Version.this film has alot of things going on.Power,Sex etc.. it's not for the Tame of Heart.I Bet Bill Clinton has seen it? it's a Interesting take  on Roman History.but this film is worth the watch.you have to be  Open-Minded to Appreciate it.Mad Props to Guccionne for putting this  Picture out.it's a trip.
0399143904|5.0|When I finished reading this book I was only left with onethought; AWESOME! That, and when is Clancy's next book due out? Thiswas an incredible work of fiction and a great enjoyment to read. I love Clancy's other works but this is my favorite by far. He has really spun a great one here. The characters here think and act like real people, and while this can be boring in some novels( who wants to read about real people? just kidding) it is a treat in this one. The plot is great and the bad guys are bad. Great beginning, holds you the whole way, and the conclusion completes it all. (What else is a conclusion supposed to do?) A very good book that you must buy if you seek huge entertainment.
B00004LN16|4.0|Once again AC/DC proved they are the best band all over the world! It is not an awesome albun,but it rocks! Angus once again is perfect,as all the others guys!Brian is great and full of energy!Listen to Stiff upeer Lip and  you will understand what i mean! AC/DC...these guys rock!
B000002B5L|5.0|I don't have many rap CD's but this is one of my favorites. In fact out of all my CD's it's one of my favorites. One of the great things about this CD is there's mostly all Fugees (Wyclef, Pras and Lauryn), not all of the  songs with other rappers. The beats are simple yet cool, and the lyrics are  great. Also many hidden tracks after almost every song(check out #5). One  thing I found kind of annoying was that they said their names too much on  the CD. But otherwise it's a great album, I  highly recommend it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|this is a must buy. Its Rage's newest album and it at least as good as the two other albums if not better with new and amazingly good songs like Testify, Guerilla Radio, Born of a Broken Man and Sleep Now in The Fire.   If you are a rage fan you will already have it by now and if you are not  then get it right now. This is Rage at their very best... get it now!
6305718954|4.0|The dynamic opinions of this movie may make it difficult for one to deciding whether this movie is worth buying or not.  Based on the overweighing consensus, you are MORE likely to ENJOY this movie than hate  it.  So go for it!  I personally loved every aspect of this movie: the  story line, acting, photography, special effects &amp; Dolby 5.1 are all  top notch.  If you have a good home theatre set-up, the DVD format is a  true delight for all your senses.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall is one of a kind. She has reintroduced me to music that I previously thought was &quot;old folks&quot; music. She should have won the Grammy!  Her voice is exquisite &amp; her timing is impeccable!  She is  very attractive &amp; my husband certainly agrees. Her music although, is  not about &quot;look at me&quot; but is all about talent!
0553274503|5.0|Flowers For Algernon is a touching story, and a heart breaking drama.   In it a medical miricle allows a mentally challenged adult male to become a super genius in a matter of weeks, only to return to what he once was.  If there is anything that this book should teach, it's that we must be  greatful for what we have been given, and that to tamper with it is to tisk  losing it forever.
6304712936|4.0|Okay, we all know that this multiple Oscar-winning film is wonderful on all levels, but be forwarned:  the video transfer to DVD pales in comparison to the laser disc collector's edition from several years ago.  The sound is fine, and you certainly better have a good sound system to  take full advantage, but the picture isn't as great as it should be.  Granted, it is at LEAST as good as the best VHS copy you will ever watch,  but it lacks the THX treatment the $150.00 laser disc edition got, and boy  is THAT worth every cent! A great transfer, running commentary by Milos  Forman and Peter Shaffer, hour-long documentary, and several deleted  scenes.  Until such a time as that version is released on DVD (and I hope  it will be someday), your DVD copy of &quot;Amadeus&quot; will not be the  best copy available.  And the laser disc edition came with the soundtrack  CD's in 24 karat bit somethingorother, which I believe is the best version  commercially available.  A treasure!  So buy the DVD so you can have a  good copy of this film, but keep your eyes peeled for the THX version, with  bonus features, if it ever becomes available.  Then buy that.
0783107986|5.0|This one stands out as the all-time best ever documentary on World War II.  The combination of live black and white footage, indepth analysis of the events and circumstances, and the unparalleled narration by Sir Lawerance  Olivier help to make this the definitive serious on the subject.  The World  At War was produced in the early Sixies, which helps add to the realism and  timelessness of the interviews.  For my money, the only other documentary  series on war which comes close is the Civil War by Steve Burns.   Otherwise, The World At War stands alone at the top.
B00000099Y|5.0|I have the exact same feelings as some previous posts.  Tool should not be classified as a rock band.  They should be classified as an orchestra.  The song writing in this album, I feel is bordering on (and i'm a violinist)  the Mozart level.  The way that they weave and twist the guitar melodies,  drum beats, amazing vocals, and underlying bass rhythm is beyond me.  Each  song is a masterpiece, a journey.  That's not all, the album as a whole,  feels like one large, well, opera.  Each song is perfectly placed, the  intermission fill material just adds to the experience.  This cd was  designed to be listened all of the way through, no shorter.  The listener  is taken on a journey as they flow through the truly original songs.  And  nothing is repetitive.  Everything is in sync (no, not 'nsync).  All I can  say is that if you want to hear what a really true metal band sounds like,  a band with amazing talent, a band that has the song writing capabilities  with the likes of Led Zepplin, Lennon, and Metallica, all in one, then  Aenima is a must buy for you.
0679735259|5.0|In Herr's book, Dispatches, he describes Vietnam as a jumbled, confused, mess of a living hell.  His writing style, disjointed and confused, makes the book a little hard to get used to.  But when you do get used to it only then can you see and understand the brilliance behind his technique.   As  you read about how the young soldiers in Vietnam you begin to understand  how it must have been for a young kid to go over.  Scared and confused you  see how these soldiers either were brutally slaughtered or went insane.   Herr helps any layman to understand the incredible magnitude of what was  happening in those dense jungles as well as in the cities. When he talks  about being not only a correspondent but also a soldier, taking up an M-16  and shooting right beside the grunts you get a deeper respect for him and  what he is saying.  For me as a graduate of the year 2002 I was not alive  during the conlfict and this book helps me to gain a greater understanding  of what Vietnam Vet's have been through. All in all Herr delivers an  unforgettable novel, that tells anyone who wants to know the true horrors  of war more than they want to know.
B000000993|5.0|Tool should not be classified as a rock band. They should be classified as an orchestra. The song writing in this album, I feel is bordering on (and i'm a violinist) the Mozart level. The way that they weave and twist the  guitar melodies, drum beats, amazing vocals, and underlying bass rhythm is  beyond me. Each song is a masterpiece, a journey. That's not all, the album  as a whole, feels like one large, well, opera. Each song is perfectly  placed,  This cd was designed to be listened all of the way through, no  shorter. The listener is taken on a journey as they flow through the truly  original songs. And nothing is repetitive. Everything is in sync (no, not  'nsync). All I can say is that if you want to hear what a really true metal  band sounds like, a band with amazing talent, a band that has the song  writing capabilities with the likes of Led Zepplin, Lennon, and Metallica,  all in one, Tool is what you need.  If you like this, Aenima is even a more  must buy.
B000002LIX|5.0|Well, what can I say that hasn't been said in the previous review? Only that this ranks as one of my top favorites of all time. Typically when I listen to the CD I usually start with Been Caught Stealing and let it go to  the end. Three Days, which (I've heard) is based on Perry's weekend spent  with his girlfriend, another girlfriend, and a lot of heroin. Navarro's  solo I can only describe as sexual and multi-orgasmic. Then She Did is a  wonderful tribute to an artist who died (&quot;Now her paints are  dry...&quot;), and his mother; and Classic Girl is a sweet tribute to his  girfriend, Casey. Critics have complained that these songs are overlong and  too self-indulgent. My response to that is they either have short attention  spans or are simply jealous.
B0000057C5|2.0|I give it two and a half stars.  I'm not sure, for a little bit, this album soundz pretty good.  There's heavy guitar riffs, vocals are powerful, but, somethings missing.  I'm not exactly sure.  The songs just get really  annoying after a few plays on the cd player.  Du hast is a catchy song, and  I guess i got caught in it.  There's power here, but originality and  musicianship is lacking.  They definately have potential, so, if you're a  metallica fan or such, I suggest this, but, I would get other albums.
B00003OSSL|1.0|Man, for the most part, i've always enjoyed Fords movies. And I do still enjoy his stuff. But this one, my god, I couldn't take in enough coffee to stay awake for it. I was very bored during the whole movie. Harrison  reminded me of a monotone Priest give a 90 minute sermon. I'd suggest  watching Raiders of the lost ark, backwards before watching this.
630445838X|2.0|Robin Williams' recent pictures tend to bore me to death but this one didn't. Somewhere along the movie there's a redneck gunnut playing... the Mexican National Anthem! How come? How weird!<br />(Besides, there's no  mention of it in the credits. Should Mexico sue?)
B000001FLA|5.0|This album was the first that I heard from the Sweedish guitar virtuoso.It was back in the fall of 1986.While I was in high school,a friend came up to me and said &quot;Dude,you got to hear this guy Yngwie!&quot;I put on the  headphones of his walkman and when I heard the solo to &quot;You Don't  Remember&quot;,I instantly fell in love and declared a new hero!  &quot;Trilogy&quot; is the reference standard of Malmsteen,a measuring  stick recording of a new six-string phenomenon that emerged on the scene of  rock back in the early 80's.You can't help but be awe struck in his  neo-classical style and his delivery of such now-classics as  &quot;Liar&quot;,&quot;Queen In Love&quot;,&quot;Fire&quot; and  &quot;Fury&quot;.Malmsteen's over zealous performance has the critics  dismissing his overall musical talent as &quot;showing off&quot; with  lightning fast appregios,lacking emotion and statement.On the contrary,this  was a young Malmsteen who eventually developed into a mature and modern  rock musician as his follow-up albums indicated.Egotistical Yngwie  performance? Maybe..however,it holds it's own amongst the crowd at that  time.
0060919760|5.0|From many of the self-help books available I think  this one is one of the best. I read it 16 years ago and it changed my life for good.
B000002LCX|5.0|&quot;Paint a Vulgar Picture&quot; is as powerful a piece of art about the shallowness of the recording industry as you will EVER hear. It is poignant and serious, depicting the vulgar greed of record company executives as  they eagerly plot to exploit the death of one of their stars. Sick and  funny at the same time, as are most of the Smiths' songs. It even makes a  topical reference to &quot;You Just Haven't Earned It Yet, Baby.&quot; A  masterpiece!<br />Then just to show how you just CAN'T take them too  seriously, listen to &quot;Girlfriend in a Coma&quot; and just SEE if you  can keep a straight face. The peppy, upbeat music belies the morbid  seriousness of a girlfriend placed in a coma by an obviously violent man  who is secretly hoping she will die. Black humor at its best.<br />And  &quot;Unhappy Birthday&quot; is a classic! &quot;I've come to wish you an  unhappy birthday/because you're evil and you lie/and if you should die/I  may feel slightly sad/but I won't cry.&quot; Beautiful!<br />A MUST HAVE for a  Smiths Fan who GETS IT!<br />Sean.
B000002MY3|1.0|Hey, I didn't know that when things go from bad to worse that's irony; wait a minute, IT'S NOT. I believe it is called MISFORTUNE. And what's the deal with her consistent bitching/wining/moaning/complaining... . If she  keeps it up she may well descend into self-parody.
B000002KMY|5.0|In my review of the 'Heaven and Hell' album, I'd stated that 'Mob Rules' was the weaker of the two. While that's true in comparative terms, as a free-standing release, the second and last LP with Black Sabbath a la Dio  (forget 'Dehumanizer' for a moment) seriously blows the mind.<br />    'Turn  Up the Night', 'Mob Rules' and 'Falling Off the Edge of the World' are  extremely fast and deadly tracks that really do showcase some of Dio and  Iommi's finest moments performing together.     'Voodoo' and 'Country Girl'  are both hard rock wonders but slower in tempo, the former track making it  onto the Sab's live set on 'Live Evil'.      Probably the finest song on  the album is 'The Sign of the Southern Cross' which is a long-winded,  slower epic piece, the LP's answer to the title track on 'Heaven and Hell'.  It's here where Dio's sword and sorcery-laced lyrics play at their best off  the rest of the band. This, together with 'Over and Over', represent the  last good doom tracks before Black Sabbath succumbed to its creative coma.     Overall, 'Mob Rules' is a good buy and you can't go wrong with it. This  is really the last true Black Sabbath album before Tony Iommi became the  visible father figure and annexed himself into what had been Black Sabbath,  the group. The best tracks from 'Born Again', 'Headless Cross', 'Tyr',  'Crossed Purposes' or 'Forbidden' combined can't even get close to the rock  value of 'Mob Rules'. Get it as your sixth Black Sabbath album and don't  bother looking for best-of CDs to cover the 'prime cuts' of this CD  because, number one - they don't exist and number two - the whole album  sounds like a greatest hits compilation.
6304244304|5.0|Here are 4 reasons why this is the best film ever: 1. It has more depth and intrigue than Citizen Kane 2. It has more excitement than Star Wars 3. It has better dialogue and humor than Pulp Fiction 4. It has Brando's  monkey sidekick. I have to go now, the men in white uniforms are coming for  me. They want me to take my medicine. Help! Help!
B000007NZ5|3.0|'Headless Cross' is a mixed bag of goodies, semi-goodies and outright.... er, filler. It has a very powerful opening. 'The Gates of Hell' is like putting your ear and a drinking glass to the outside wall of Hell for a  minute and a half. It leads into the title track, a strong, well-shaped  piece with a solid refrain. Tony Martin's voice works well here and Iommi  pulls off some good riffs. 'Devil and Daughter' is next up and it's very  fast and well presented although also very surface concentrated and devoid  of the power to grow on the listener afterwards.<br />     The best track of  the album is 'When Death Calls'. This is Black Sabbath's 'Fade to Black'  and it is a well crafted bit of heavy metal death balladry. The solo Iommi  plays in the last third of the song is hauntingly beautiful.<br />     From  here on, though, things start going wrong. 'Kill in the Spirit World' and  'Call of the Wild' come across as melody-starved and Tony Martin's attempts  to fill in the holes fail miserably. 'Black Moon', a doomy lyrical turn on  'Bad Moon Rising', is the only good track on 'Side B' (of the old system).  'Nightwing' tries to fly with power guitar and Martin's frantic lead vocals  but it just can't touch even the lukewarm magic of the album's stronger  songs. Despite good production and packaging and delivering a heavy dose of  their quasi-satanic imagery that's comparable to the early days, 'Headless  Cross' just doesn't do Black Sabbath justice. Having apparently lost much  sales power with this record, it's sad to note that Iommi's mark five Black  Sabbath had further to fall before it hit the bottom of the hellish pit so  often conjured in the band's lyrical imagery. For mature fans or hardliners  only.
B00000JZC4|2.0|I bought this because it was on offer and I had liked Take A Picture. I got bored of it within a week. I can't recommend this, but I can recommend the albums 'also bought' ie The Fragile, There is Nothing Left to Lose, and  The Science of Things. Oh, and how about that title - real clever!
B000002KHF|5.0|Wow.....Words cannot describe the impact Van's music has on me, and Moondance is one of the best. If you like to lie on the couch with your loved one and listen to music, this is the album for you.
6304244304|5.0|Here are 4 reasons why this is the best film ever: 1. It has more depth and intrigue than Citizen Kane 2. It has more excitement than Star Wars 3. It has better dialogue and humor than Pulp Fiction 4. It has Brando's  monkey sidekick. I have to go now, the men in white uniforms are coming for  me. They want me to take my medicine. Help! Help!
B000002KHF|5.0|Wow.....Words cannot describe the impact Van's music has on me, and Moondance is one of the best. If you like to lie on the couch with your loved one and listen to music, this is the album for you.
0790729628|5.0|the movie itself i cannot fault. but the fact that it is on DVD i feel they such have put special features on such as the &quot;happy ending&quot; and the voice over narration.
0553573403|5.0|A truly expansive start to a series. I can't wait for the next book.  The storyline is complex and intriguing with many threads, so less mature readers may find it difficult to follow.  Those who love this genre will find it near impossible to put down.  Character development is vivid and  Mr. Martin is not afraid to do the unexpected.  Be careful in you  attachement to the characters, you never know what might happen to them!
0792838297|5.0|Movie buffs should own this DVD... some classic scenes in this one, and smart, filthy dialogue.  My favorite part is when Beale is in the Valhalla room with the network president.
0449227545|4.0|I know this book got a lot of bad reviews, but I really enjoyed it!  Yeah, maybe causing earthquakes is a little far-fetched, but so what, this was a great story.  I found this book suspenseful, I enjoyed the characters, had a hard time putting it down at times.  I highly recommend  this one!
B00000ILDF|2.0|This is one of those movies that just should NOT have been made, and everyone associated with it should feel ashamed.  The first, and most glaringly obvious problem is the script.  How this script got past anyone  remotely familiar with ALIENS is beyond me.  For starters, there are eggs  on the ship.  How did they get there?  Impossible.  Second, half the  survivors die within the first five minutes.  Is that supposed to be  &quot;artistic&quot;?  I used to give this movie 1 star, but now I bumped  it up to 2, because as lame as it is, it is still better than Alien  Resurrection, which has no style to it.  Alien3 at least has that, which is  due to Fincher directing.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I THINK THAT IT IS ABOUT TIME CARLOS SANTANA RECIEVES A GRAMMY OR 8. HE IS A SMOOTH GUITAR PLAYER AND THIS NEW CD IS SMOOTH. ROB THOMAS DOES A EXCELLENT JOB IN SINGING. I ALSO LIKE MARIA MARIA AND MANA'S PERFORMANCE  WAS EXCELLENT ALSO. BUT THE ONE THING THESE SONGS ALL HAD IN COMMON WAS A  SMOOTH GUITAR PLAYER WHO REALLY MADE THE SONGS COME TO LIFE. SO THIS IS A  MUST BUY CD FOR A SANTANA FAN.
B000022TSF|5.0|They say directors study Citizen Kane, and screenwriters study Chinatown.  Not sure if this is true, but Chinatown is great DVD to own, with a smattering of extras.  The restrospective on Chinatown is nice, but I  always say a DVD is not complete without a commentary.  The picture is  good.
B000002UA0|2.0|This album, although it has some nice songs, like Astronomy Domine, is an experiment. A failed one. I really love Floyd, but you cannot compare creations like Cymbaline, Wish you were here, Echoes, or Shine on, with  this album, now really ridiculous. If you want predarkside Floyd, just buy  Meddle or AHM.
6305232660|5.0|This has basically the same idea as &quot;Armageddon&quot;, but invites movie/TV veterans such as Morgan Freeman (as the first Afro American President), Robert Duvall, Vanessa Redgrave, and Tea Leoni.  It's  believable and enjoyable.  Forget the action buff jarheads and listen to  someone with a 186 IQ (Me)!
B0000029DD|5.0|There are certain songs or artists you remember hearing for the first time, the impression is/was  so strong. Jeff Buckley is one such artist.  At first you hear the voice-That Voice!-expressive, far-ranging, wailing  falsetto and heart melting vibrato.A close clock on his voice is like  combining the apex of robert plant with some van morrison and a little of  his own father's(tim buckley) monstrous instrument.  Next you hear the  music-plaintive, melancholy , pleading, ethereal-Free.  Stylistically he  harkens back somewhat to 80's alternarock ala cocteau twins-but really his  sound(other than cover songs) is all his own; highlights are the soaring,  epic &quot;grace&quot; and the rainy-day blues of &quot;lover you should've  come over&quot; to the wistful &quot;mojo pin&quot;. The third and most  important ingredient to this masterpiece is his honesty- when you hear this  album , you hear Jeff Buckley, heart and soul.  Every song , every  note-whether his own or borrowed, is another thread in the weaving of his  own personal story, musically and otherwise.All in all, rarely has a debut  artist come onto the scene with impact of a jeff buckley.  Alas the tragedy  is that his musical legacy was impromptly halted.  Jeff Buckley  accidentally drowned in May of '97.  Which makes this album and his  subsequent, unfinished release &quot;sketches for my sweetheart the  drunk&quot;-that much more precious, and that much more  graceful-A.N.
B00000G3PA|3.0|What are the critics thinking?  It seems like a PG-13 movie can get away with almost anything these days.  The part where the shuttle hits the pilots' bodies when about to land, a little much for the youngsters, don't  you think?  Furthermore, an asteroid about 1/100 the earth's size WILL NOT  have the earth's gravity!
B0000029DD|5.0|There are certain songs or artists you remember hearing for the first time, the impression is/was  so strong. Jeff Buckley is one such artist.  At first you hear the voice-That Voice!-expressive, far-ranging, wailing  falsetto and heart melting vibrato.A close clock on his voice is like  combining the apex of robert plant with some van morrison and a little of  his own father's(tim buckley) monstrous instrument.  Next you hear the  music-plaintive, melancholy , pleading, ethereal-Free.  Stylistically he  harkens back somewhat to 80's alternarock ala cocteau twins-but really his  sound(other than cover songs) is all his own; highlights are the soaring,  epic &quot;grace&quot; and the rainy-day blues of &quot;lover you should've  come other&quot; to the wistful &quot;mojo pin&quot;. The third and most  important ingredient to this masterpiece is his honesty- when you this  album , you hear Jeff Buckley, heart and soul.  Every song , every  note-whether his own or borrowed, is another thread in the weaving of his  own personal story, musically and otherwise.All in all, rarely has a debut  artist come onto the scene with impact of a jeff buckley.  Alas the tragedy  is that his musical legacy was impromptly halted.  Jeff Buckley  accidentally drowned in May of '97.  Which makes this album and his  subsequent, unfinished release &quot;sketches for my sweetheart the  drunk&quot;-that much more precious, and that much more  graceful-A.N.
0553108034|5.0|One of the first books to introduce the artform of character development to me was Les Miserables by Victor Hugo. An epic following an ex-con throughout his life, and the lives of those he touched. And since I read  that years ago, I have longed for another epic that could be as powerfully  written, as dramatic and intense, and convey personas that were more than  text. Finally, I've found something that fits this criteria, and A Song of  Ice and Fire is it. Martin has established himself, in my mind, as one of  the top authors in today's market. His style is unique and extreme, he  takes many risks right down to the vulgarity and brutality of A Clash of  Kings. Instead of censoring his work so he doesn't offend or disgust those  readers who think fiction should reflect the 9 'oclock news, he pursues the  reality of the situations. By far my favorite character (who probably  absorbed the best scenes of the book) would be Tyrion Lannister. Previously  John Snow was simply blowing my mind, but Tyrion's twists throughout this  rampant world struck me not only as brilliant, but somehow uplifting. John  Snow's ending battle was a masterful stroke in the story, and Arya's  progress keeps the drama and heart attached. I would like to see Draenary's  playing a larger role in the next book (if I spelled her name right, if not  my apologies), but I was content in seeing her establish a strong footing  in a foreign land. I'll be waiting on pins and needles for the third book,  and I heard the same rumor as some other reviewers, that there may be a  five or so wait until the 4th edition. I only hope this proves false.
0671502336|4.0|As I started to read this novel I was immediately overwhelmed with the persistence of new characters.  But as I started to learn the little niches and such that I could attach to each of the characters it made it much easier to follow, and thus allowed you, by the end of the book, to really  piece together the whole meaning of the book and sit back and really take  in what Heller tried to give to his reader when he wrote it.  And that is a  feeling of utter dismay for all that has been thought to be of benefit to a  military force; the unquestioned following of leadership, cold and detached  attitude towards a human, and a bigger than thou regard for the rules that  everyday citizens are expected to play by and keep in mind when they  interact and function together.
0440234743|3.0|Well, in short, I feel that this book started well. A quickly developing plot riddled with interesting characters and curious events. The problem? The characters seemed somewhat stereotyped. Who better to send on this  ghost mission then a druggie, alcoholic, anxious and well intentioned hero?  No one better, if you work in Hollywood. I forgot the premise of the story  after a while and I even forgot about the one dimensional characters  halfway through, but I simply could not forget that everything this book  has are safe plays. Another thing bothering me about Grisham is his ability  to take a good scene and disguise it like a textbook. I fear his books make  far better movies than books, which is not necessarily a complement. The  only true strength is the potential of this story, it could have been so  much better. I grant it that, it is decent in its formula, but immature in  its follow up.
B0000009SY|5.0|Frank Zappa is a master of his trade and the most under-appreciated artist of all time. This album only proves this point. From beginning to end you will be amazed. Other people mentioned 'greatest guitar solos' and  so-forth, and while this may be true, I think this one has to be looked at  as a whole. I find it hard to listen in segments because I'm drawn into the  story through the music every time. It's the perfect mix of everything that  could possibly make an album great and everyone should own it.
630575067X|4.0|\\"Phantom Menace\\" is simply a good movie, not a great one.  The sheer volume of the pre-release hype and the stellar expectations which resulted are at least partially responsible for the many unflattering reviews that  the movie has received.  It is probably unfair to expect George Lucas, or  anyone else, to completely measure up to expectations and hype that his  original movies did not have to contend with.  However, \\"Phantom Menace\\"  does have problematic features, along with successful formulas.<br />     The  story itself is actually not bad, given that this movie was to reveal the  origins of characters and events that would become grander and more complex  over time.  Saving Princess Amidala from the corporate clutches of a greedy  Trade Federation and its senatorial allies (how late 20th century!) is  certainly appropriate work for Jedi knights.  It is even a fittingly  inauspicious way for Lucas to unfurl the greater saga that emerges in the  later movies.  However, concentrating on 9-year-old Anakin Skywalker gives  the movie too much of a juvenile feel, thus trivializing some of the more  serious and interesting themes.  Ironically, the young audience that Lucas  is appealing to was surely baffled by the unduly complicated story line  which pitted corporate greed and bureaucratic caprice against Jedi moral  righteousness and galactic republicanism (again, how late 20th century!).   <br />     The acting is average--generally, the younger the actor, the less  credible.  Regrettably, the most formidable characters, such as the members  of the Jedi council, only make brief appearances, and even then seemed too  aloof to help the sometimes sagging plot.  Also, there are a few  unfortunate ethnic and racial stereotypes that would best be left out of  future episodes.  The only major exception to the otherwise bland cast of  characters is Darth Maul.  Though he delivered few lines, his presence  actually carried weight and even a certain dark charisma.  His dueling and  martial arts skills were first rate, and the lightsabre battles are  breathtaking.  In a way, it's a pity that he is killed in this movie, for  he would definitely have been a worthy villain for the next episode, or  until Anakin Skywalker is finally \\"seduced\\" by the dark side.<br />      In  most instances, the special effects worked quite well.  The ever-present  computer-generated imagery usually meshed well with \\"real\\" scenes and  action.  Some scenes were over-done, such as the pod race and the final  battle on Naboo.  And unlike the first three movies, the heavy reliance of  \\"Phantom Menace\\" on technology, robots, and non-humans to carry the plot  and do the bidding of human characters obscured some of the more  intriguing, human nuances that were so well portrayed in the earlier  movies.  <br />     The musical score was disappointing and hardly measured up  to the standards that John WIlliams set in \\"Star Wars\\" and \\"Empire.\\"  It's  not that the music is bad, but just the average sci-fi fare--not epic and  passionate as the earlier scores were.  Overall, \\"Phantom Menace\\" is a B+  movie in A-movie wrapping.  However, it is probably enough for now,  assuming that there are better things to come from George Lucas.
B000002C25|4.0|This is wonderful Oasis. Not near as good as &quot;Morning Glory&quot; but beats the snot out of &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot;. This was their hardest album and several songs are great. I have listened to Oasis since the  beginning and can say that this is a great album. The opener &quot;D'You  Know What I Mean&quot; is good old gloomy depressing rock music. The second  track &quot;My Big Mouth&quot; picks up the pace but not without slopping  up some already messy lyrics with Liam's voice. &quot;Magic Pie&quot; will  be a classic anthem that is for those who never get what they deserve.  &quot;Stand by Me&quot; is a ballad that deserves recognition. &quot;I  Hope, I Think, I Know&quot; is a fast upbeat song that is a rock song that  should be enjoyed by everyone. On down the line with the song &quot;Don't  Go Away&quot; Oasis tops theirselves off. This song is defeated by only  three others:&quot;Champagne Supernova&quot;, &quot;Wonderwall&quot;, and  &quot;Live Forever&quot;. The final 2 tracks &quot;All Around the  World&quot;, a 10 minute epic, and &quot;It's Gettin Better(Man)&quot;, a  song of hope that everything will get better, are wonderful music. If you  want the best get &quot;MOrning Glory&quot; if not, get this one!
078062369X|5.0|Well now, where do I start, how do I start to describe one of the best films of the year that to be quite honest with you left me speechless, it left me feeling numb, for one reason, it was so good. Wesley Snipes takes  the title role of the slick vampire hunter in modern times, and equipped  with an array of weapons, manufactured for him by Abraham Whistler (Kris  Kristofferson in a good performance as supporting actor), goes bashing the  life out vampires, theres thrills, spills and loads and loads of blood as  Wesley goes on the rampage, he then has to overcome his arch enemy, Deacon  Frost, played by the menacing Stephen Dorff, who plays brilliantly opposite  Snipes, for the simple reason that the two are so, so different, a slick,  well manufactured plot, good actors and an action packed storyline all  combine to make this one of the most enjoyable films I have seen for a long  time, however this is closely contested by The Matrix(see my review), this  is film which must be seen, at all costs!
1558908374|4.0|Having watched both the live-action and the animated versions of &quot;101 Dalmatians,&quot; I find the live-action version to be vastly superior.  This updated classic has a fresh, fun storyline.  The actors who play the  characters seem perfectly suited for their roles.  Glenn Close is  particularly good as Cruella De Vil.  The movie was filmed in England and  each scene is beautifully crafted. The director has done a remarkable job  of giving the dogs respected status as emotion-feeling, three dimensional  characters without resorting to the silly and mundane method of giving them  human voices.  Being a dog trainer myself, the thing I most enjoy about the  movie is the absolutely phenomenal job done by the dog handlers.  Not only  are the trained behaviors remarkable, but the handlers have elicited  responses from the dogs that readily convey understandable  &quot;emotions&quot; to the audience.  The ONE glaring fault of this movie  is the final scene where all of the dogs have been allowed to breed ad  infinitum.  I find that totally irresponsible and the reason this movie  gets 4 stars instead of 5.
630469878X|5.0|\\"Thelma and Louise\\" has been described as a road movie, a buddy film, a chick flick, and while it is each of these, it is so much more than the sum of all its parts that it defies an easy description. It's also been excoriated as an exercise in man-bashing, which it most emphatically is not. Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis in the title roles bring a chemistry to the film that sets off sparks. The acting, Ridley Scott's direction, Callie Khoury's screenplay, the stunning cinematography, and above all, the film's score, played by the legendary B.B. King, make this one of the great movies of the 1990's.<br /><br />The movie tells the story of Louise (Sarandon), a thirty-something waitress, tired of the excuses of her commitment-phobic musician boyfriend, and Thelma (Davis), a submissive Barbie-doll type housewife, married right out of high school, used to letting everyone else do her thinking for her, and totally faithful to her cheating creepazoid of a husband. The ladies decide they need a break from the unsatisfactory men in their lives and hit the road for some R and R at weekend retreat. A chance stop at a roadside bar ends in attempted rape and retaliatory murder, and Thelma and Louise are on the road for real this time, running from the law across some of the most spectacularly beautiful scenery in the American Southwest.<br /><br />On their way, they pick up a lowlife drifter (a knockout of a debut by Brad Pitt) who almost ruins their chances for escape. When Louise, who has up to now been leading Thelma, is ready to collapse in defeat, it is Thelma who picks her up and takes over. One of the most interesting things to watch in this movie is Thelma's progression from a brain-dead zombie to a strong, resourceful, independent individual. It is Thelma who seals their fate irreversibly (murder may be a justifiable reaction to attempted rape, but there is no excuse for robbing a convenience store at gunpoint), and who rescues them when they are pulled over by a cop in Arizona.<br /><br />Sarandon is excellent as Louise, radiating authority and attitude, but Davis gives the performance of a lifetime as Thelma, making a seamless transition from an empty-headed hausfrau to a don't-mess-with-me lady in charge of her own destiny. A defining moment in her character development occurs when she telephones her husband Darryl and responds to his with characteristically boorish demand that she \\"get her azz back here now\\" with a suggestion as to what he can do with himself. Darryl is the film's comic character, a smarmy jerk too full of himself to understand what a horse's azz he is, his hyperinflated ego shriveling to nothing when he realizes his days of intimidating his wife are over. The supporting actors are generally excellent, but outstanding among them is Harvey Keitel as the lead detective, sympathizing with the women's plight but sworn to uphold the law and rope these wayward ladies in.<br /><br />The film is sad and comic by turns; the women have extricated themselves from the trap of unsatisfying relationships only to land into a deeper trap that is slowly but surely closing in on them. The humor is injected by some adventures along the way, notably with a highway patrolman who makes the mistake of a lifetime in pulling these two over, and dealing with a particularly obnoxious long-haul truck driver who tries to pick them up in Arizona, only to have his fantasies of roadside debauchery literally blown up in his face.<br /><br />By the film's end, Thelma and Louise have grown and bonded so closely together that both they and we realize there is only one way out for them. They can only run so far for so long, and there is no way we are going to see these two ladies in handcuffs. The film ends in the only way it could end, and while it's a sad ending, it's also exhilarating to realize that Thelma and Louise lived more in a weekend than many people live in a lifetime.<br /><br />Judy LindSarandon is excellent as Louise, radiating authority and attitude, but Davis gives the performance of a lifetime as Thelma, making a seamless transition from an empty-headed hausfrau to a don't-mess-with-me lady in charge of her own destiny. A defining moment in her character development occurs when she telephones her husband Darryl and responds to his with characteristically boorish demand that she \\"get her azz back here now\\" with a suggestion as to what he can do with himself. Darryl is the film's comic character, a smarmy jerk too full of himself to understand what a horse's azz he is, his hyperinflated ego shriveling to nothing when he realizes his days of intimidating his wife are over. The supporting actors are generally excellent, but outstanding among them is Harvey Keitel as the lead detective, sympathizing with the women's plight but sworn to uphold the law and rope these wayward ladies in.     The film is sad and comic by turns; the women have extricated themselves from the trap of unsatisfying relationships only to land into a deeper trap that is slowly but surely closing in on them. The humor is injected by some adventures along the way, notably with a highway patrolman who makes the mistake of a lifetime in pulling these two over, and dealing with a particularly obnoxious long-haul truck driver who tries to pick them up in Arizona, only to have his fantasies of roadside debauchery literally blown up in his face.     By the film's end, Thelma and Louise have grown and bonded so closely together that both they and we realize there is only one way out for them. They can only run so far for so long, and there is no way we are going to see these two ladies in handcuffs. The film ends in the only way it could end, and while it's a sad ending, it's also exhilarating to realize that Thelma and Louise lived more in a weekend than many people live in a lifetime.     Judy Lind
B00000DFRS|5.0|Since the release of this Album, I cant stop listen to it. This is an amazing Album and every Song on it is great. With Whitneys amazing voice this Album will be the best R&amp;B Album out there for a long time. Icant  wait until she releases her Greatest Hits Album. She is an awesome  Artist!
6300213714|5.0|\\"The Warriors\\" is Xenophon's \\"Anabasis\\" updated and transplanted into 1970's New York.  It's been around long enough to have gained cult status and it gets better with age.<br /><br /> \\"The Warriors\\"  brings us into the world of an integrated gang (Cleon, Snow and Cochise are  black, Swan, Vermin, Fox and Cowboy are white, and Ajax and Rembrandt are  Hispanic) based in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn.  Along with every  other gang in the city, they attend a mass meeting in the Dyre Avenue section of the Bronx. It's a trip from one end of the New York City subway system to the other, but for the Warriors, it's like a journey to the far side of the moon.  The gangs are the \\"Army Of the Night\\", they  outnumber the cops 5 to 1, and tonight, they are all out to get the  Warriors.<br /><br />A hostile gang kills the leader of the Riffs, the gang organizing  the meeting, and raises the cry that the Warriors are to blame.  Cleon, the  Warrior's president, is killed while trying to extricate them from being  jumped by the dead man's enraged gang, leaving Swan, his second in command,  in charge of getting the Warriors back to safety in Brooklyn.  It's a long  ride back home from the upper reaches of the Bronx, and it means fighting  their way through hostile gangs all out for their blood.  After the final  confrontation, on the beach of Coney Island, the remnants of the Warriors  are home free.<br /><br />The movie is filmed in day-glo colors and the action is  non-stop; it hits you hard and doesn't let up.  It's a tough, gritty,  intense story of loyalty and survival in the urban  jungle.<br /><br />Judy Lind
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is one of the most provocative andthought-inspiring books I have read. The main character in the story,Ender, is only a child, yet he bares the burden of humanity on his shoulders. <br />A very intriguing book and well worth you while of reading it.
B0000024JN|5.0|A long time ago I thought I was into rap. Then I leaned back towards classical/electronic instrumentals. Then I got into rock. Eventually I purchased this CD hearing it raved as the rap revolutionizing CD. All that  gangsta rap I &quot;listened&quot; to a long time ago, well, I was right  about not liking it. Old skool is now my favorite genre, thanks to this CD.  Each song is refreshingly different, but they are all perfect. Paul Revere,  is, well, ingenious =) Just as every Beastie Boys CD, this is essential,  but not just for fans. Licensed to Ill is for everyone. For every  collection.
630575067X|4.0|Like many people I had some high expectations of this film and how it would look and feel, plainly it was great.  <br />I found the political subplot in the film made the movie much more than a just a &quot;kids&quot;  film.  I liked all the characters, even the notorious Jar Jar.  I though  Liam Neeson was great.  <br />For those who did not like the acting of Jake  Lloyd and others need only to look at the original movie.  Mark Hamill is  not exactly Shakespeare.<br />All in all a great start and the later movies  with their darker tone will, much like Empire and Return, steal the  limelight.  All I can say is great beginning, and lets hope that it keeps  getting better!
0880381736|5.0|As I said this is the first book of this type I've read. I read lot's of fantacies but this didn't have any unicorns or wizards. To tell you the truth it was GREAT!  It was exciting, there was excellant character  development, and the plot was good too. This is the only book of Dragon  Lance that i've read but you can be sure that i'm going to read more. I  thought Tasslehoff was the best. Kenders are among my favorite now. If you  like this but are looking for something a little less serious, try the  Enchanted Forest Chronicals. But be sure and read this. It was great.
B000002UAX|5.0|While &quot;Revoluion # 9&quot; is an indulgent museum piece, and one I could do without, everything else on this album (okay, &quot;Wild Honey Pie&quot; I could do without, too) is brilliant. WAR AND PEACE is  considered the greatest novel ever written...nontheless, I saw an  Amazon.com reviewer give it only one star. Those giving this album only one  star are doing the equivalent. I think it's the greatest album of all time.
0440180295|5.0|Billy Pilgrim, the hero of the book, is just a great target for his entourage throughout time.  At first, being one of the only prisoners of war without a decent coat, being shun for his loud sleeping, the death of  others being blamed on him and such.  However (here's where it gets  unexpected), Billy had become unstuck in time, meaning that he can travel  in the fourth dimension (time) just like a normal person could travel in  the other three (up/down, left/right, backwards/forwards).  This talent is  typical of the good people of Tralfamadore, with whom Billy has contact  with at one point.  To these people, dying does not matter, because it is  simply a moment like any other, one that can be lived over and over by the  Tralfamadorian.  So all the moments in life are predetermined, and it is up  to everyone to go live the moments which he prefers.  A good point,  applicable to even those who cannot travel in the fourth dimension. This  book contains some hilarious material.  Billy, at one point, watches a WWII  movie, but backwards (remember, Billy has become unstuck in time, meaning  backwards movie-watching is accessible to him).  The movie develops like  this: Crashes American planes begin flying backwards, and magical German  cylinders attract and suck in bullets from the planes and the corpses  inside, healing them.  Later, bombs are sent to the USA, where they are  dismantled and the parts are never to be used again.  Hitler (this isn't in  the movie - Billy imagines this) then shrinks back to childhood, then  babyhood, then doesn't exist.  All ends in perfect harmony. Please, all,  you must read this book.
B000002KIE|5.0|When Guns and Roses (a band I don't like, actually) first hit it big, Slash was asked if he was surprised at how much praise they were receiving. He said, &quot;No. There really hasn't been anything great in rock and roll  since the Pistols broke up.&quot; This album shows the truth of that  statement.
B00003Q438|5.0|Finally!   I'm sure many James Cameron fans can relate to my excitement that &quot;The Abyss&quot; - THE DIRECTOR'S CUT!  - is FINALLY out on DVD!  This is such a great film, and deserves it's  rightful place on DVD.  The sound is magnificent, the acting is  Oscar-worthy from Ed Harris, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, and Michael  Behn (?), and the special effects are so damn cool this film will  blow you away after every veiwing.  The director's cut is especially  wonderful.  If you love the original, wait until you see the 28  minutes of extra footage, the footage which makes &quot;The Abyss:  Special Edition Director's Cut&quot; the very BEST movie ever made.  END
B0000027RL|5.0|This is simply one of the greatest albums EVER. From the fast-paced fury of &quot;Once&quot;, to the emotional &quot;Garden&quot; this is an awesome album from start to finish. The lyrics are amazing, due to the amazing  writing ability of Eddie Vedder, dealing with the death of his father. It  is clear in the classics &quot;Alive&quot; and &quot;Jeremy&quot;. Every  song on this album is great, like &quot;Even Flow&quot;,  &quot;Oceans&quot;, &quot;Deep&quot;, and &quot;Why Go&quot;. Later on,  Pearl Jam became less commercial staying put with their anti-sellout,  anti-mainstream stance, but you can already hear Vedder talking about the  absurdity of being a rock star: Frim the song &quot;Garden&quot;- &quot;I  don't question our existence/ I just question, our modern needs.&quot;
B00000JQFL|4.0|&quot;Gratitude&quot; is a bold example of how bands don't work onstage like they used to.  It's also a clever packaging idea, the album offers both hits &amp; new material, and it offers live &amp; studio recordings  (the bulk of the album is live).  Hearing this album - or even looking at  the sleeve photos - will really make you wish you saw them live in the  70's.  The band is in top-notch form, playing loud &amp; loose but never  letting go of the groove.  &quot;Devotion&quot; features an especially  impressive vocal performance.  The instrumental songs performed live sound  better (and longer!) than they do on their original albums.  Of the studio  contributions, the new songs are just as favorable.  &quot;Can't Hide  Love&quot; once again displays EWF's supreme talent for harmony  arrangements, the song fades in a &quot;Hey Jude&quot; style that suggests  it could go on forever.<br />After this album, the band would record &quot;All  'N All&quot;, altering their sound and slowly moving away from funk.  This  is a must have for EWF fans or anyone looking to hear what it must have  been like to hear a concert from the 70's heyday of funk.
068815333X|5.0|I never heard of this author until I read the review in the paper.  I took a chance and bought it.  Wow, I got lucky!  This is the best book I've read since Thomas Perry's The Butcher Boy, 5 years ago.  Lehane can write, RUN-DON'T WALK TO BUY THIS BOOK.
B0000024K1|5.0|As so many reviewers have noted, the power and urgency of the sound and lyrics here are unmatched in modern music.  PE slaps you across the ears like you're a sheltered Patty Hearst in need of conditioning.  And in this  case it's a good thing.  Get turned on to Afro-American history, rage, and  power (mass x velocity) as Chuck D grabs you by the lapels and Flavor Flav  plays court jester until you enthusiastically see their point of view.  The  sheer power and confidence just draw you in.  The album starts with the  line &quot;This time around the revolution will not be televised.&quot;   Hippies who used that line could only dream of being so tight, disciplined,  and explosive in protest as PE is throughout the disc.  These guys are more  like the Black Panthers with a dose of Sex Pistols thrown in.  And for  their own times, PE's Nation Of Millions is the best pop culture  counterweight to the Chlorox commercial media of the Reagan-Bush years.
B00000099Y|5.0|I've heard this albumn countless times and I must say it gets better every time I hear it!  I really don't think that Tool is the best band, I mean let's face it they've made only 3 albumns thus far (which are all quite  good.)  But, I honestly feel in my heart that this is probably my favorite  albumn of all time!  For me, and perhaps many others, I can't just listen  to 1 single cut off of the albumn.  I HAVE to listen to the entire thing!   It's sound is so dark and the metal cuts deep!  Maynard has one of the best  rock voices ever, and his lyrics are hard to top.  On top of that, there is  a tribute to my hero the late GREAT Bill Hicks.  I can't ask anymore of  this albumn.  It's breathtaking!  If you don't have it you need to pick up  a copy now!  Believe me, you won't regret it!  Tool rocks!
B000006SBY|4.0|bryans first (solo) album, every song except the last track works. no outstanding material, but &quot;remember&quot; and &quot;don't ya say it&quot; come close. if you like reckless or waiting for the neighbors,  albums...you won't like this at first, it has a completely different sound  and amateurish too.new bryan adams fans , use caution, you might not like  it.
B000002TQB|5.0|Parklife is in my opnion, Blur's best all-round LP. MLIR, and 13 may be stunning albums, but they do not showcase ALL aspects of Blur's strengths quite as well as Parklife. From the pop genius displayed on  &quot;Parklife&quot;, &quot;Girls and Boys&quot;, and &quot;Trouble in the  Message Centre&quot;, to the psychedelic greatness of &quot;This Is A  Low&quot;, the LP shines all over, without showing weakness. After grunge  died with Nirvana (at least in the UK), it was an LP which sums up 1994  better than any other. The social comment by Damon Albarn on this album  shows signs of improving from MLIR. This is unquestionably one of the top  10 British albums of all time.
0767830547|5.0|A classic Scorcese/De Niro colaboration. Taxi Driver is a heart stopping, often disturbing view of life on the streets of New York, and the scum and filth that inhabit it.<br />De Niro's performance is exceptionaly powerful and  frightning...this role is one of his best, and he has forever inmortalised  the character of Travis Bickle in film history.<br />Scorcese's direction is  almost flawless - defining camera shots, moody photography and an ending  that portrays how outstanding a director he really is.<br />Many find this  film too disgusting, especially the violent ending. If you're put off by  extreme violence, then don't watch this film, but if you appreciate the  acting talents of De Niro, combined with the technical brilliance of  Scorcese, this is a must for drama die-hards.
B000002L9S|5.0|Because I consider each of Madonna's efforts outstanding, I believe it is hard to proclaim one such effort her very best, but TRUE BLUE truly is her most spectacular album. While LIKE A PRAYER and RAY OF LIGHT have critics  dueling over which is better, I consider TRUE BLUE seamless, while I find  flaws (albeit few) in both LIKE A PRAYER and RAY OF LIGHT.<br />Most people  single out &quot;Jimmy Jimmy&quot; as the most pedestrian song on the  record, but, in keeping with the nostalgic ambience of the album, it stands  out as an irresistible delight. Like &quot;True Blue&quot; and &quot;Love  Makes the World Go 'Round,&quot; it is an innocuous tribute to the  girl-group splendor of the 1960s. <br />Of course, everyone knows the  standouts: &quot;Papa Don't Preach,&quot; &quot;Open Your Heart,&quot;  &quot;Live To Tell,&quot; and &quot;La Isla Bonita.&quot; These four songs  answer for themselves; no Madonna album since has featured four songs as  magnificent as these works of art. The production style is flawless.  Madonna, Patrick Leonard and Steve Bray work extraordinarily well. Of  course, the Leonard collaborations are always exceptional (&quot;Oh  Father,&quot; &quot;Frozen,&quot; &quot;The Power of Good-bye&quot;), but  &quot;Live To Tell&quot; is simply the greatest song ever written. No other  work is as sensitive, beautiful or moving as this musical  masterpiece.<br />While LIKE A PRAYER and RAY OF LIGHT are considered her more  personal records, I consider TRUE BLUE her most musical affair. The album  has something for everyone. Latin beats (&quot;La Isla Bonita&quot;),  ballads (&quot;Open Your Heart,&quot; &quot;Live To Tell&quot;), dance  (&quot;White Heat,&quot; &quot;Where's The Party?&quot;) and homages  (&quot;True Blue,&quot; &quot;Jimmy Jimmy,&quot; &quot;Love Makes the World  Go 'Round&quot;). TRUE BLUE demonstrates Madonna's musical flirtations with  just about every great style of music. <br />Madonna dedicates TRUE BLUE to  her former husband,Sean Penn: &quot;the coolest guy in the universe.&quot;  What a muse.
0783227019|4.0|Typically excellent direction, committed acting and a well-proven storyline make Carlito's Way a film that you won't be disappointed with. The all to familiar \\"bad guy wants to go straight - but one fling\\" plot has  become almost a genre in itself over recent years, but Brian De Palma's  vision helps to create a moody, stylish and tense thriller out of an  already worn theme. De Palma's direction and camerawork are as superior as  ever, and the fiercely conceived chase scene that ends in Grand Central  Station is reminiscent of De Palma's earlier The  Untouchables.<br />Performances are of high quality too, but what else would  you expect from Al Pacino? Sean Penn is great as the corrupt lawyer, but  almost unrecognisable in \\"70's\\" styles. As a complete package, a very solid  and satisfying film, though I recommend it is watched wide screen - De  Palma's love for the camera means he utilises the full frame constantly -  and it's conversion to full screen is quite shocking, distorting the  presence of many camera shots.
6301647734|5.0|Finally, I found THE &quot;Harvey&quot; film on amazon.com! I've waited DECADES for the chance to buy this movie for my own home.  Can any of you remember sitting in your childhood homes as little  kids, watching the great Jimmy Stewart talk to a large (invisible) rabbit  on your parents' old black &amp; white TV?  I remember seeing this movie  but a few times, yet, each time, it always served as instant therapy for  dissipating any anger toward the crazier people in my life.  When I was a  child, I thought it was funny that the movie showed a man who was being  told to lose his imaginary friend.  As an adolescent, I empathized with  knowing what it is like to live with someone who, I thought, lived and  worried in a world of their own making.  And as an adult, I now realize  that one can acknowledge the world of another, without having to remain  there permanently.  If you have ever suffered through the day-to-day trials  of dealing with someone who lives by a grand set of rules different from  your own (generational or cultural gap?), and if you have ever found  yourself stressed from the craziness of it all, then maybe this wonderful  and comical film will ease your frustration for a while each time you view  it.  As I remember this movie, it is a story that begins with the simple  pleasures of courteous greetings, kindness to others and imaginary friends,  then moves to one family's struggles with sanity, possible family  separation, love and protection. It has a happy ending and, like the movie  &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot;, is a MUST for every family home library!
6305232660|3.0|Hollywood seems to be churning out formulaic, star ridden, mega budget blockbusters that please the crowds, rake in the profits while getting taken to the cleaners by the critics. Disaster movies have seemed the be  the \\"craze\\" over recent years, the majority high in effects but lacking in  solid characters and storylines - the best example being \\"Armageddon\\" of  the \\"meteor hits earth/end of the world\\" genre...a typically average money  spinner which the public lapped up. Despite this, it is refreshing once and  a while to see an intelligent, emotional \\"disaster\\" vehicle come along in  the name of the cerebral Deep Impact.<br />Deep Impact, while a blockbuster in  it's own right, is deeper, thought provoking and in many ways more intense  than Armageddon ever will be. Director Mimi Leder doesn't brush the special  effects aside, but merely emphasises its effects on the diverse selection  of characters dealing with the potential end of the world. Much more of an  emotional roller coaster ride, rather than an explosive one - but effects  fans are definitely not left out...and neither are the stars - Robert Duvall,  Tea Leoni, Elijah Wood and Morgan Freeman lead the major roles, while an  impressive supporting cast keeps things interesting that includes  established actors Maximilian Schell, Vanessa Redgrave and the ingnue  Leelee Sobieski.<br />Overall, Deep Impact offers something much more than  your average run-of-the-mill disaster epic, yet still keeps you on the edge  of your seat.
1558908498|5.0|I know all of you film critics out there don't like to go see a movie and not see what was in the preview, but you have to understand, this is a horror movie, not a comedy!   Don't expect this movie to be funny.  What  made this movie really good, was that Sarah Michelle Gellar in it.
B00000GJ2B|5.0|Most probably De Niro's crowning moment as an actor - an unbelieveable performance many would consider one of the all time greatest roles.<br />The harshness and often brutal life of middle weight champion is brought to  chilling life by De Niro - it is even somewhat disturbing to see De Niro  having gained 50 pounds to play the eventual bum that La Motta  becomes...but it all goes towards an outstanding performance and a well  deserved Oscar.<br />Again, Scorcese's direction is inch-perfect. The B&amp;W  photography further emphasises that stark harshness and hardship of La  Motta's life and the people around him. The fight scenes are extrodinary,  only made so much more painful and realistic through the superb editing and  slow motion.<br />The supporting cast is only top-notch, Joe Pesci standing  out in particular. No disputes what-so-ever that this is the best film of  the 1980's...
B00000J7J4|4.0|I love their song, Maria,Maria cause it is a great song.  Everytime I listen to it, i get up and just start to dance.  Maria, Maria is one of those songs that you have to dance to cause it has a great beat, and it is  cool.  To me when I hear that song, I think of it as a Jamaica song.  Cause  in the background the music part of it sounds Jamaican.  I think it is  really cool.  Everytime I hear it a smile comes across my face.  I have no  idea why but it just does.  Another song that i like is Smooth.  It is a  great song as well.  I saw the video to that song and I thought it was a  cool video.  When all of them girls are dancing around and the one is in  her apartment with a fan on her it makes me think of summer.  Like if it  was a song for the summer.  Smooth is one of them songs that make you think  that no matter what I am smooth.  My ways, my attitude and everything about  me is Smooth.  At least that is what I think.  But overall, Maria, Maria is  my favorite song so far by Santana.
B00000JGHM|4.0|Intense characters, occasional bursts of visually stunning action sequences and top performances by greats De Niro and Pacino make Michael Mann's Heat an unmissable crime film.<br />De Niro and Pacino's central  performances hold the film together, and while their characters develop  throughout, brilliantly conceived action scenes keep the \\"heat\\"  burning.<br />Fans of either De Niro or Pacino will see this film on the  single fact that these scene legends have scenes togther. I myself would  to, but this film has so much more to offer - top camera work, a visual  sharpness and an impressive supporting cast which includes John Voight, Val  Kilmer, Tom Sizemore and the small role of Pacino's step daughter played by  Natalie Portman.<br />Only bad point - film rolls on to over 180  minutes...something only great films can justify doing. Otherwise, a top  watch.
6305657939|5.0|Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.  Rooting for the the bad  guy has never been so fun.  Russo and Brosnan are both sexy and intriguing  in this passion driven film.
B00002613K|5.0|Well I am....  I have to say in all honesty.... A true Magnum fan, In the past I followed them all the way to see them perform live and at there very best, which was in my own personal opinion...All the time !  Vigilante  is certainly one of Magnum`s finest example`s of good solid heavy rock on  any one given Cd !  &quot;Need a lot of Love&quot; is one of there  finest along with &quot;Vigilante&quot; of coarse !  And there is also  track`s like &quot;Lonely Night&quot; and &quot;Midnight&quot; on there too  !  I personally have all Magnum`s Cd`s as I`m so into there genre of  music and culture !  I Simply could`nt be without !  But if you like  a bit of Live in concert Magnum then i recomend that You get you`re hand`s  on Magnum`s &quot;Live&quot; cd !
0064471047|5.0|I love this book. It is about these 4 children who enter a a magical world through a wardrobe. There they incounter a sorts of magical creatures. One day they were with the beavers and Father Christmas was there so they  thought that the White Witch was losing her powers.They then set of to meet  Aslan a lion and rightful king of Narnia. If you want to find out what  happens get this book and a the rest from the series the Chronicals of  Narnia
B00001NFCY|5.0|I can't believe the people who gave this album merely one star.  This album is my favorite out of my entire CD collection!  Every song is meaningful, with beautiful lyrics and music.  I can listen to the entire  thing easily, because every track is great.  My favorite is &quot;Inside Us  All&quot;, but &quot;Beautiful&quot; is a favorite, too.  I rarely can buy  a CD that I still listen to months after its' release.  This, however, is  an exception, because it remains unmoving in my discman and CD player.  Creed is a fabulous band, and &quot;human clay&quot; is an excellent  example of their talents.
B00004RFFS|5.0|...after holding it for a little over two hours. I watched this DVD on my computer with headphones, all by myself while my family slept. I got chills up and down my back and could almost feel their breath on my neck. I would  think an hour had past and it had only been 10 minutes. Not because the  movie drug out, but because I couldn't believe they could fit so much  action into 10 minutes. A vampire movie with a story. I haven't seen a  vampire movie since I was a young child at the drive-in. This was the most  interesting I think I've ever seen. Louis (Brad Pitt) was magnificient. The  vampire with compassion for his victom's. Tom Cruise plays Lestat very  well, the more wicked vampire who makes Louis. Kirsten Dunst does a  wonderful job as Claudia the child vampire who loves Louis and wants  desperately to grow up. Antonio Banderas is Armand the vampire with the  haunting eyes. And Malloy (Christian Slater) is the reporter that  interviews Louis. Does he get more of a story than he bargained for...  watch this thrilling vampire story and find out...you'll get chilled to the  bone.
B000002MP2|5.0|I cannot stress enough how ood a CD this.  I've had it for about 4 years and I'm still not tired of it.  Mike Dirnt has got to be the best bassist at least in the 90s.  Tre Cool adds his accurate drumming.  And, of course,  Billie Joe uses his great voice and skillful guitar playing.  People say  his guitar playing isn't great, but Billie Joe even said he wants to get  the other instruments involved, and not have one long guitar solo, so he  plays almost a rhythm guitar.  It still sounds great like that.  Nimrod is  a sophisticated version of this.
6304994540|5.0|The Coen Brothers use bowling as their metaphor in this inimitable tale of mistaken identity, art, and a rug that really tied a room together.  Jeff Bridges (in an Oscar worthy performance) is Jeff Lebowski, a character who  goes by the name &quot;The Dude,&quot; has a penchant for white russians,  and seems to be perpetually mired in the '60s.  When the wife of another  Jeff Lebowski (the &quot;Big&quot; Lebowski, played by David Huddleston),  is purportedly kidnapped, the Dude and his friend Walter (John Goodman as a  singular-minded Vietnam vet with his own unique perspective on life and the  rules by which it must be played) bowl their way through the ensuing  turmoil, which includes a band of nihilists (lead by Peter Stormare), a  stranger (Sam Elliott) who assists in the telling of the tale, a man named  Jackie Treehorn (Ben Gazzara) who is a self-styled purveyor of adult  entertainment, a rival bowler named Jesus (an hilarious turn by John  Turturro), a moronic pair of rug soilers, a local beach community constable  long on attitude, a shady private eye, dreams subject to myriad  interpretations, an errant toe, and a marmot.  Rounding out the stellar  supporting cast are Steve Buscemi as Donnie, the third member of the Dude  and Walter's bowling team, Julianne Moore as the Big Lebowski's daughter,  and the ever versatile Philip Seymour Hoffman as his assistant.  &quot;The  Big Lebowski&quot; is stylishly crafted, wickedly funny, and will leave you  craving more of the same.
B000035Z2L|5.0|i saw this movie twice on the big screen. it was so funny i almost wet my pants &amp; burst a gut several times. if you buy any movie buy this one.
1573226521|3.0|I found this book to be interesting, although not compelling. The character development needs a lot of work here. Worse for me, however, were the final scenes. Throughout the entire book, I was hoping above all hopes that the ending wouldn't fall back on the use of the derivative  &quot;everyone goes stark-raving mad and pounces on Richard&quot; cliche.  But disappointingly, that is exactly what Garland did, which I think is a  predictable mistake for a novice author. If Garland were more creative and  experienced, he could have written a truly unique novel.
B000002C1X|5.0|Yes i've read the comments made by those that felt obligated to give it one star and found that most of them were made without actually listening to the album. Hearing it maybe, but not listening. As far as those that  couldn't follow the story of the album, I'm sorry. Go buy some Yanni.       Now don't get me wrong there were some well founded notations. Almost. The  only thing that anyone brought up that made any sense was that they liked  earlier floyd and felt that this wasn't as good or that it was a Roger  Waters album. Well why not try to review it on it's own merrit and stop  worrying who wrote most of it or if it's a replica of Atom Heart Mother.      Anyway, I found this album to be incredible and would suggest it to  anyone. Listen to it a few times all the way through and you'll realize the  power that it holds. Defeniatly my favorite album.          P.S. It has  sold 23 million copies to date.
6304698526|4.0|Truly one the best movies of its generation. As always, Steve McQueen delivers and action packed performance as a San Francisco police detective investigating the death of a Chicago mobster who he was in charge of  protecting.<br />But of course the car battle between Steve's GT Mustang and  the mobs 1968 Dodge Charger R/T, 440 Magnum with a rare pistol grip 4 speed  is the highlight of the movie.<br />Steve McQueen continues this speed  tradition in later movies, including &quot;24 hours at Le Mans&quot; and  &quot;The Bounty Hunter&quot;.<br />It is shame that Steve McQueen passed away  while still at a young age.
B00001OH7P|5.0|It doesn't get much better than this. One of the greatest concept albums of all time. Bowie brings glam rock and great sound together on &quot;Rock'n'roll suicide&quot; and of course &quot;Ziggy Stardust,&quot;  Two of the best songs ever recorded!
B000002LQR|5.0|I love this cd. I listen to it every chance I get. This is the type of music you would find in heaven. It has great funky songs like Funky Monks. Romantic songs like Sir Psycho Sexy. Beautiful ballads like My Lovely Man  and Under The Bridge. And fun songs like Suck My Kiss and If you have to  ask.
B000002C25|3.0|Be Here Now starts off well enough...D'You Know What I Mean? at the time was quite different from anything else the band did.  In fact, after hearing that song on the radio I was sure that the album would blow my  mind...but it didn't.  It's filled with songs like &quot;Stand By Me&quot;,  &quot;Magic Pie&quot;, and &quot;All Around The World&quot; which are all  wonderfully produced brilliant pop songs, but they all go on for over six  minutes (the latter tops out at over nine minutes!) making the listner grow  bored of the song and want it to all go away.  I can't help but think the  album would have sold much better had each of the songs ended at four  minutes.  Still, the mealodies and music make this cd worth giving a listen  to.  You may have more tolerance than I do.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd rules, and so do the chili peppers! This is a must buy for all rock/alternative fans. All the songs have real meanings and have really great beats. It quickly became my favorite cd.
6300214435|4.0|Don't listen to ANYbody about this movie not being good. Sure, it doesn't have him fighting Nazis but its still got him going on crazy adventures that seem to make sense at the time and lots and lots of action. Good  ending, makes you feel proud, and strong story all the way through, see it  now!
B000002H3E|4.0|This 1985 effort found Dokken expanding into more radio friendly areas without sacrificing the quality of their music.The high marks are as always George Lynch's phenomenal guitar attack,Don Dokken's voice,while Pilson and  Brown'rhytm section is as tight as it can get.Every song on this album  counts-an instant metal classic!
B00000JZIK|4.0|I like this movie,because the story line is so   elaborated. But,my only dissatisfaction is that    the story and the characters are too complicated to understand ,so you have to see this twice.
0767849493|5.0|The latest battle in the eternal war between Good and Evil has come to New Jersey in the late, late 20th Century. In what can only be deemed a comedy parable, two renegade fallen angels attempt to jerry-rig the entire  cosmological system -- unless a rag-tag group of humans can stop faith.  Bethany, the heroine of DOGMA, is a woman who feels her prayers haven't  been answered when, out of nowhere, a heralding angel appears in her  bedroom and declares her the potential savior of humanity. This abrupt  meeting sets her off on an extraordinary journey of mystery, comedy and  suspense as she is transported to a fantastical world of celestial  characters and spirited adventure. Along the way she will meet up with a  heaven-sent messenger, an apostle with a 2,000 year old beef, a hotheaded  demon, a heavenly Muse and two unlikely Prophets known as Jay and Silent  Bob as they each discover the power of their own individual faith.
B0000029GA|5.0|Illimatic is truly a rarity.  An intelligent, honest, unintrusive record that paints an honest picture of inner-city life and molds it together with some of the wickedest beats known to god.   In the face of a highly  commercial period in rap, Nas crafted a grassroots record against all odds.   Every track is a joy, and the cohesion speaks for itself.  If you get one  rap album to tell your kids what it was all about, this is the one and only  one needed!
B00000K19E|4.0|Gripping.  Visually spectacular.  Asks old questions on the nature of our reality in a fresh, new way.  Work the time and money.
B0000025T6|5.0|Despite the album and title song, this album has little to do with Nebraska and more to do with the working-class mindset in American society.  A wonderfully intelligent album and a huge statement by a man who has  shown his versatility as an artist, I would start any Bruce collection off  with &quot;Born To Run&quot;, &quot;Nebraska&quot;, and &quot;Darkness On  The Edge of Town&quot;.   In the style of Woody Guthrie, Leadbelly, and Bob  Dylan, Springsteen navigates through raw sound equipment and simple  arpeggio patterns to create something boldly honest and real in the face of  huge commercial success.  You can tell Bruce must have locked himself up  for a couple of weeks and hit a creative peak musically and lyrically, as  this album stands as his most intelligent piece to date and an honest  depiction of everyday life in the working-class realm.  Fantastic, in my  opinion, his best work.
1558908498|4.0|Wes Craven directed this  vividly energetic and incredibly tense sequel to Scream thats actually as witty,thrilling, and humorous as the orginal. Though lacking in any new creativity or innovation, Scream 2 is still an  excellent slasher film that continues Scream's homage and paroding of  horror movie cliches and patterns. Beginning with a clever opening sequence  thats about as provocative as Drew Barrymore's death in 1, Scream 2 settles  down and composes a jazzy, uneasy, and edgy story that builds upon audience  awareness of Scream's story to create a more fullfilling storytelling style  than Scream Though weakened by an overly dramatic and inferior conclusion,  Scream 2 is still a much better sequal than I could have possiably hoped  for. Moresatrical in style and bold in humor, Scream 2 attacks horror more  boldy and gets away with murder.The DVD really doesn't have that many  extras but if you're Scream 2 fan, you really can't go wrong with this.
B00000IREA|4.0|I watched the movie in the cinema way back in 1968. I was mesmerized by Jane Fonda's portrayal of Barbarella. Although my friends didn't like it, I found it kind of nice. I don't remember the weightless strip tease but I  remember her appearing nude before the President of Earth. I remenber there  was some kind of conflict and her hiding, and later retrieving, a gun from  the groin of the blind angel. So when I read the reviews I decided I've got  to get the DVD to watch it again. When I did, I was once again mesmerized  by Jane Fonda. When Barbarella discovered how enjoyable the 'old' way of  making love was, she was eager and willing to make love with any man who  has helped or are going to help her. She even outlasted the machine that  supposed to kill by making love. I thing the tittle is a misnomer. It  should be &quot;Barbarella, Nymph of the Galaxy&quot;. Considering it was  made way back in the 60's I thing it is quite remarkable!
079213690X|5.0|I love this movie.  It is my favorite movie.  It is the BEST movie ever made.  Mel Gibson is my favorite actor.  My favorite part is when stephen is talking about his island.  &quot;It's MY ISLAND! &quot; It's just the  BEST film ever made.  I can't say that enough.  It's the BEST movie ever  made!
B00003XB8K|1.0|I found this so lacking and void of any real sentiment, that I thought for sure this in no way would make its rounds of the &quot;cultured set&quot; Then I went to a book signing and this music was playing and people were  chin wagging about the intellectual world......and I realized that this is  music for the IKEA set who go to starbucks and wax philosophical about  third world debt and how we should get more involved of course after I save  enough money for the bannana republic outfit! Boring music....that will  lull you into cultural desensitization. Pass it up and buy a good book  instead!
B000020617|4.0|On There is Nothing Left to Lose, the Foo Fighters find a perfect balance between the roughness of their debut, and the production gloss of The Colour and the Shape. This is also there most varied and refined album to  date.<BR><BR>The Foos draw inspiration from a wide range of sources.  The  guitars on &quot;Gimme Stitches&quot; sound like something ZZ Top would do.  &quot;Headwires&quot; could easily be new wave until it goes into it's  chorus. They also put their own unique spin on the R.E.M. jangle pop  formula on &quot;Ain't It the Life.&quot;<BR><BR>With all of that said,  there are still a few things that set the Foo Fighters apart from the pack.  First: Drums. Big ones. Few bands know the potential of a good drummer like  the Foos. The drums of Taylor Hawkins pound loud throughout the whole  album. Even though the Foos have had furious drumming on all three of their  LPs, it's still worth mentioning. Also rising the Foo Fighters above the  crowd is Dave Grohl's distinct song-writing and voice. He definitely knows  how to craft memorable riffs and hooks. Everything from the harder  (&quot;Stacked Actors,&quot; &quot;Breakout&quot;) to the slower  (&quot;Aurora,&quot; &quot;Next Year&quot;) has that unique Grohl  touch.<BR><BR>The Foo Fighters also seem more comfortable on this record.  They seem especially comfortable on &quot;Live-In Skin,&quot; which is  probably the best example of their new, aformentioned balance.
B00003CX59|5.0|Tim Burton and Johnny Depp team up again for a big thriller! Christina Ricci and Johnny Depp did a great job acting out Katrina and Ichabod!  The special affects rocked and Christopher Walken was the scariest Horseman.  The scenary was amazing! I will recomend this movie to anyone with a good  sense of humor and a strong stomach!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Fight Club is a movie that scars.You walk around with a hot head(literally) for a day, trying to get to the bottom of it. This coupled with an overwhelming desire to see it again, and you have a serious state  of confusion. That confusion, left proffesional critics with no option but  to dismiss it as a showoffy stylistic exercise with no purpose. As a  regular viewer, I find this to be a truly unique film. Most say that its a  satire about gen X dis-satisfaction and rise of cults.Other, myself  included, call it a comedy. The truth is FIGHT CLUB IS ANYTHING YOU WANT IT  TO BE. If you have and IQ in the low 60s you may want to go out and get in  to a fight, and it is to you that most movie critics felt a responsibility  when panning the film, to the rest of you see this film, and then see it  again. It is so rich that you can't possibly catch all of it in one  viewing, so many ideas tossed around that you can debate, if that is your  thing. The one quib I have with Fight Club, and I'm sure you've heard this  before, is the twist half an hour towards the end.Without giving away  anything I will say that it ruins the volatile dynamic the film had going  between the lead characters. I would have loved to see where their  relationship would have ended up without the intervention of the script. On  the other hand this u-turn provides it with yet another sub-text,madness.  Whether, you love this film or hate it, (I loved it), you have to see it at  least twice, becuase you've never seen anything like it before, and  unlikely to see anything like it again. That makes , that rarest gem in  movies.AN ORIGINAL.
B00003CXCT|1.0|The Stars Wars trilogy is one of the most overrated movies. When Stars Wars was released in the seventies it was of course very specatcular, there was not another movie like this one. Then, the saga of Stars Wars continued  with 2 other movies : the Empire strike back (the best of the trilogy, not  directed by Lucas), and the poorest Return of the Jedi. In fact, when  Georges Lucas began to work on Stars Wars project, he wanted a spectacular  science-fiction movie inspired by the world of Flash Gordon. But soon, it  appeared to him that specials effects available in the seventies could not  suit to his visual extravaganza. So, he contented with a movie more  realistic, very far from his original kitsch view. It is years after his  first Stars Wars, that he finally could express himself in the bad Phantom  Menace, a movie like he said for kids under age of 8. The marketing  strategy of Lucas helped to create a fake phenomenon of society, based on  the illusion of an original concept of science-fiction. In fact, most of  the ideas of Stars Wars are ideas of Frank Herbert with his Dune Saga. A  lot of people who saw Stars Wars in the seventies and considered it as  masterpiece, consider now that the movie was hollow, particulary when they  have seen the pitiful Phantom Menace. Stars Wars can not be considered as a  science-fiction masterpiece, it is a good movie but nothing more.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|this cd is fantastic! its got such a wide variety of music, dance stuff, mellow stuff. its wonderful. their first cd is good too (not as good as affirmation though) i think as of right now its the best cd in my  collection, and i listen to everything from dave matthews band to limp  bizkit. the lyrics are inspirational, its fantastic...its definately worth  the money.
B000006G1P|3.0|Richie is the richest boy in the world but he is missing 1 thing:friends.Meanwhile a badie tries to take the family's money.Richie and his new found friends save the day
B000000OYQ|3.0|Good guitar man,..... the songs are not bad,..though the legacy of old zeppelin is still alive
B000003TBP|5.0|This cd is better than any cd I have ever heard in my life. You should DEFINITELY get it! You will not regret it. Ever since i bought it a few years ago, I have listened to it like non-stop. You should really buy it.  All the tracks are really good, but my favorites are Devils haircut and  Where its at.
0553573403|1.0|There is only one author with a double R in his name which writes fantasy so well. And George R. R. Martin is not this AUTHOR! By all means stay away from this book. If you so choose to read this be warned that this book is not for the young. Many reasons point to that. To many to explain. The  worst part about this is that every chapter there seems to be a new  character. Then you never see the old characters again. There was only one  character I liked and he never got the light on him. Terrible!
630521610X|1.0|this movie was so boring. the olny part of the movie that was good was when the killers were stabing each other. that was funny. every thing else was like &quot;he jumps out. see. he's the killer. see. this is go ing to  happen. see.&quot; so perdictable.
0553573411|5.0|Don't just read this one, read all three!  Although not focused too much on actual assassination, the books are very powerful, telling the life story of an assassin forced into his profession by the fact that he is a prince's illegitimate son.  The stories show his struggles with the rest of  soceity, as well as the problems he faces in conjunction with his  &quot;job.&quot;  A must read for anyone and everyone
0060273224|5.0|This book is wonderful. Nix has a way of capturing your imagination and not letting go. It was as if i were there and that truly is the messure of a good author. I would recomend this book to anyone who loves fantasies or  to anyone who has never read one. It will be a great experiance i assure  you.
0345409671|5.0|This is a very cool book.  It was very interesting to see a book from the devil's point of view. How many people would take that kind of risk? Most people would be worried about being called blasphemous or something.   Seeing how the devil views the war for souls was very interesting. If you  like Anne Rice, you will love this book.
B00003CWN2|5.0|This is an excellent film, however the subject is heart wrenching.  The film isn't about a girl masquerading as a man or about a confused lesbian. These terms have unfortunately been equated with the film and are  inaccurate.  Brandon was an FTM, a transgendered person/transexual who was  pre-op. The film does deal with Brandon's affirmation of his  (yes--editors-HIS)true SELF (read Jung).  Chloe Sevigny portrays a young  woman who is able to see beyond the physical and into Brandon's true SELF.   Unfortuately, 2 disturbed men, who have many issues in themselves, in their  limited vision and supposed masculinity are challenged by Brandon's  transgenderness.  They project their own insecurities out on  Brandon--brutally raping and murdering Brandon, a young mother, and an  African American (not shown in the film).   Warning: this film is  emotionally upsetting and demonstrates the issue of violence on many  levels--all folks can relate.  In many respects, this film ranks on the  levels of Schlinder's List and Platoon.  Please make sure you see the film  with someone so you can talk afterwords. Trust me, I conducted a panel  after a showing of the film for an audience of 40-50 individuals.  Let the  pain in and feel it.  It's the only way you can truly understand the  film.<br />It's too bad that Kimberly Peirce was not nominated for an Academy  Award for her direction. The film is EXCELLENT!
0684874350|5.0|I just finished Angela's Ashes....and I am about to begin Frank McCourt's 'Tis......I think it was the most wonderfully written story of anything I've read in a very long time, be it fact or fiction . Of Irish descent on both sides, hearing stories all these years of my grandparents arriving  here in NY at the ages of 15 and 17 respectively, were just that...stories.  Unfortunately, now they are all passed on and I am old enough to appreciate  those stories there is no one here to tell them to me. Frank McCourt gave  me those stories. I lost myself in this book.His tales of poverty stricken  Ireland get the story across with just enough humor that you feel it but it  doesn't seem as gut wrenching.It allowed me to appreciate what others went  through so my children and I could enjoy the life we have today.  WONDERFUL....one book I won't lend out as I will re-read this one !
B000005S0E|4.0|&quot;The Top&quot; was an album that I dismissed at first, but that has really grown on me over the years.  This is one of the more musically diverse efforts the Cure have produced, and it's a fascinating listening  experience.  &quot;The Top&quot; is almost like a sampler of the Cure's  various musical styles.  &quot;Shake Dog Shake&quot; is my favorite on the  album (and one of my favorite Cure songs).  The band still opens shows with  it for good reason - it's an intense and powerful song.  &quot;Bird Mad  Girl&quot; and &quot;Piggy In The Mirror&quot; are poppier cuts (think  &quot;Let's Go To Bed&quot;), &quot;Wailing Wall&quot; and &quot;The  Top&quot; are slow and somber (think of almost anything from  &quot;Pornography&quot;), &quot;The Caterpillar&quot; and &quot;Dressing  Up&quot; are cute and goofy (think &quot;Close To Me&quot;), &quot;Give Me  It&quot; is a frenzied wail of guitar and drums (think &quot;Shiver and  Shake,&quot; but more frantic).  If you like 80's-era  Cure, you should  really pick this one up.  Don't give up on it after one or two listens, as  I nearly did.  &quot;The Top&quot; is full of surprises and idiosyncracies,  and is a much more satisfying listen than some better-known Cure albums  (&quot;Wish&quot; springs immediately to mind).  The fact that &quot;The  Top&quot; seems to be the only Cure studio effort to be dropped from  domestic circulation is inexplicable.
630575067X|4.0|When I first heard about these prequel stories back in 1980, I have waited since for this movie to come out. And now...here it is-here it is, indeed...  Well, I must confess this Star Wars installment dose not have  that same &quot;edge&quot; if you will, that the Classical Trilogy has. The  acting by Jake LLoyd and Natalie Portman was not up to par-hardly. I think  much more screen time should have been given to the evil Darth Sidious and  Darth Maul- and less screen time given to Jar Jar Binks. Truth be told,  this movie has more of a Disney look (shudder) than being a Lucasfilm.    Now, with that said, there are redeeming factors to this motion picture as  well. Clearly, the Pod Race scene was fantastic, cut straight from the  grandiose cloth of Ben-Hur. The Lightsaber scenes-Federation Trade battle  droids, Tatoonie desert, and finally Darth Maul on Naboo-were Magnificent.  Also, the underlying plot with Senator Palpatine subtly manipulating the  circumstnaces so he can position himself to become Chancellor was also  impressive-an area which Mr. Lucas should of have greatly focused on.  Finally, the scenes with Jedi Master Yoda(Frank Oz returning as Yoda's  voice) were very welcoming.     With those redeeming characteristics, I  give The Phantom Menace 4 stars in the overall sense. And it must also be  kept in mind that this movie is the set-up movie for the rest of the Star  Wars Saga. Now as we go into Episode II, everything is now in place:  Palpatine (aka Darth Sidious, if you ask me)is Chancellor. Anakin Skywalker  and Obi-Wan Kenobi are starting a friendship while the seedlings of romance  with Anakin and Amidala have been planted. Just as the trailer pitch said  &quot;Every Saga Has a Beginning...&quot; That is exactly how one should  look at this movie-A beginning; a set-up story for something larger to  come. Yes, Episode I dosen't own up to the substantial quality of the  Classical Trilogy, that is certain. However, with everything taken into  account,it does serve it's foundational purpose for those movies and the  coming Episodes.  Watch it as it is-the opening story to a larger saga-and  enjoy.
0783226837|5.0|I think I saw this movie, as my sister did, about eight times and always was a true delight. The plot is nothing new, but the acting, the environments, the dialogues, the effects and everything was so compelling  that it ceratinly deserves 5 stars. The humor touch is really fun and it is  really one of those movies that you will remember, not as a terror one, but  as a gathering of good feeling.
038532653X|3.0|Skellig was an interesting but not a very exciting book.I wouldn't say it was exciting because nothing really happened after they found Skellig.It was like a diary entry after that.I enjoyed the book because it was very  imaginative and kept me wondering what would happen at the end.I would have  given the book five star if was more exciting.
B00000K19E|5.0|Great! Finally we see a worthy descendent of the archetypal-hero type story: a lone hero on a quest to save the world. Along with that, the unique connection with our world and our time gives the movie an intimate  perspective, forcing us, the viewers, to re-think and re-watch again and  again, and keep wondering &quot;what if...&quot; Certainly a wise choice to  purchase, I know I count myself blessed with this excellant item.
0140186409|5.0|This is a monumental work on the midwesteners' migration to California during the Dust Bowl of the Great Depression.  Steinbeck very movingly depicts the plight and the steadfastness of the displaced.  Man versus Nature and Man's inhumanity to Man have never been better discussed.  Extremely well-written, I enjoyed every word of the book even though this  is the third time I've read it.  Ma Joad becomes the de facto head of the  &quot;fambly&quot; and her spirit is indomitable.  The cruelty of &quot;the  haves&quot; to &quot;the have-nots&quot; stabs one in the heart.  Reading  this work will leave one a better and more humble person.  It will also  remind one of hard times and the distinct possibilty such times could come  again.  Will our will to survive be as great as the &quot;Okies?&quot;  I  doubt it.<br />This edition has fairly large print which makes it very easy on  the eyes.<br />I heartily recommend this towering work of Steinbeck's to young  and old alike.  You won't be disappointed.
0380973464|5.0|Having read all of his work, I am torn as to whether this one or Snow Crash is the best. But what a difficult choice, since they're both wonderful.<br />Stephenson delights in plots which jump around in time and  space but some of his earlier novels have been marred ever so slightly by  the difficulty of transitioning from one time or locale to the next. That  problem is entirely absent here - he jumps from WWII to the present day in  almost every chapter but does it so smoothly you never lose track of the  narrative.<br />The plot is also thickly woven and the details showcase  Stephenson penchant for exhaustive research. One cannot say enough good  things about a book that teaches as it entertains, and Stephenson excels at  this in every outing. Nothing's changed here - you will walk away from this  book (pretty quickly, too, since it's so hard to put down) having learned  more than you ever thought you'd want to know about encryption - and a few  other things, too.<br />Personally, I would suggest reading one of his other  novels (Snow Crash or maybe Zodiac) first then reading this one but you  can't really go wrong with any of them. One thing is certain: Stephenson is  the hottest writer of speculative fiction today. Check it out!
6303394000|5.0|THIS FILM WAS BRILLIANT.  I SAW THIS AS AN 13-YEAR OLD GIRL, AND EVEN AT THAT AGE, I GOT THIS FILM BECAUSE FOSSE IS SO EFFECTIVE IN HIS STORYTELLING IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY.  JOE'S ADDICTION TO THE DANCE, TO WOMEN, TO EXCESS,  TO PLEASURE, TO SELF-DESTRUCTION, TO CREATION IS SO STARKLY AND  UNCOMPROMISINGLY PORTRAYED.  I FAIL TO UNDERSTAND HOW A PREVIOUS REVIEW  COULD SAY THE DANCE SEQUENCES WERE TOO LONG.  BOB FOSSE REMAINS ONE OF THE  MOST INFLUENTIAL AND BREATH-TAKING CHOREAGRAPHERS OF THE LAST HALF CENTURY.   HIS STYLE IS SOPHISTICATED, SMART AND WITTY.  THE EDITING, THE HOSPITAL  SEQUENCES, THE GLIMPSES INTO HIS CONTINUED DESTRUCTION AND FAILING HEALTH  ARE NOTHING SHORT OF GRIPPING. AND THE MUSICAL AND SHOW-BIZ SEQUENCES SHOW  BOTH THE SLEAZY AND THE JOYFUL FACETS OF THIS WORLD.     <br />I COULD GO ON  ALL NIGHT....I JUST CAUGHT THIS ON BRAVO AND, 20 YEARS LATER, IT IS JUST AS  COMPELLING AND EXCITING AS THE FIRST TIME I SAW IT.  ENJOY.
6305311463|5.0|If you'r willing to spend the extra cash to get the Criterion edition of Armegeddon, it is clear you've already seen this movie.  If you want this deluxe version, you love the movie.  So, you want to know, is the extra  expense worth it? I've just got five words for you: Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes,  Yes!  This two disk edition provides hours of behind the camera information  and insight. The first commentary track is with the director, producer and  stars of the movie.  The director, Michael Bay, passes on interesting  information on the making and origins of the film.  I did find his  personality to be somewhat abrasive and harsh. I guess some directors are  like that.  Bruce Willis seems to be very low key and Ben Affleck is a  riot.  All in all, a very interesting track.  The second track is with the  director of photography and various science consultants.  I found this  track very enjoyable.  The information provided by the DP is technically  oriented and provides great insight into the art of cinematography.  The  scientific commentaty is also very interesting. To my surprise, many of the  things that happen in Armegeddon(for example, the dual shuttle launch)are  within the realm of possibility.  Disk number two is packed with goodies.   There is a blooper reel that is so so.  I think it is funnier for people  who were involed in the production of the movie.  I thought it was OK.   There are tons of conceptual art and matierial on the SPFX and design of  the movie.  This disk will keep a fan busy for hours on end.  The transfer  for the set is razor sharp and the sound is spectacular.  Unfortunatly, I  do not have a home theater hook up.  If I did, I suspect I would be pulling  a few G's along with Harry and the boys.  This is the disk you will pull  out to show friends what quality DVD can do. So, bottom line, buy this  edition, it is worth the extra money!
6305657939|5.0|Fist off I have to say I'm not a fan of Pierce Brosnan at all. So actually I didn't expect to like this movie. But to be honest I loved it! Pierce Brosnan surprised me, I actually enjoyed him with Rene Russo. They make a  good likeable pair. And those super hot sex scenes! Oh my gosh! This movie  held me from the get go wondering what Thomas Crown was up to. The cat and  mouse between Brosnan and Russo only thickened the plot. And the ending was  a wonderful explosion! All around I loved this movie.
0945001193|2.0|Hitler advances several historical and racial theories in this book, none of which he supports with any evidence--because they are in fact false. For example, his discussion of Jewish advisors to German princes, how the  princes are gradually corrupted by the Jewish cousnelors, and how they then  become hated by the population, how the Jews then suck the life out of the  &quot;host nation&quot; has no historical support: Hitler doesn't even  present one example of how and when this ever happened. Most of his racial  theories are refuted by a simple observation: the eras of great creativity  in European history, namely Classical Greece and Renaissance Italy, were  produced by highly mixed peoples. Hitler, who adored but totally  misunderstood Nietzsche should have read the philosopher better (in fact no  evidence exists that Hitler ever read adequately Nietzsche himself):  Nietzsche says &quot;All high culture results from a _mixture_ of  races.&quot; But I'm not going to spend my time exonerating Nietzsche from  the Nazi myth here: this task has already been accomplished by respected  scholars, viz. Walter Kaufmann.<br />As for Christianity, it is wrong to say  Hitler wanted to build Germany on Christian principles or that the  Holocaust, Nazism, etc., was caused by Christianity. &quot;One can be a  German or one can be a Christian. One cannot be both,&quot; said Hitler.  The Nazi success was possible because the Christian moral code had been all  but destroyed and replaced by Prussian state-worship and Nazi race-worship.  Hitler had to fight Christian groups and Christianity (he was _not_  supported by the Pope) and had to subvert them to a Nazi, un-Christian  ideology before he could gain complete control. The reviews below my own  which imply otherwise are uninformed and are following the propaganda of  the Holocaust Museum and other groups who do not seek to inform, but to  convince.
6301247485|1.0|I saw this movie in its first run- 1974. It wasn't the greatest movie then, but it had an undeniable appeal in its stars, its sets and costumes, and above all, its music. Nelson Riddle assembled and orchestrated actual popular songs of the 1920's to provide the film with one of the lushest, most romantic scores ever. Imagine my disappointment when I saw this current video release and found that nearly the entire Riddle musical track from the movie has been replaced with music that I can only describe as 'TV-movie-of-the-week' quality. This beautiful, flawed movie had a haunting, elegiac quality with its original score. Now, it's just a flat, overproduced bore. Paramount has recently become an industry leader in its efforts to restore its classic films- they could do worse than to resolve whatever physical or legal problems are keeping Riddle's incredibly fine work off the soundtrack of this video. If you ever run across an old copy of the soundtrack album, pick it up and play it and you'll hear what I mean. The Riddle score is magnificent!
B000001EPB|5.0|I have listened to this CD countless times in the last couple years and I never tire of these tunes.  Ronan Hardiman has done an incredible job making Celtic modern and yet, timeless.  A very uplifting CD.
B000002KET|5.0|Say what you will about Sabbath not having that doom and gloom heaviness on this record, but this album is Sabbath at their pinnacle of talent. In my personal opinion, it is tied with &quot;Masters of Reality&quot; for  their best album.  All the way from the now-legendary opening track  &quot;Sabbath Bloody Sabbath&quot; to the atmospheric (almost even happy  sounding) &quot;Spiral Architect&quot;, this album takes you through a  rollercoaster of Sabbath's talents. It doesn't come across as some heavy  metal band trying to imitate another form of music, nor does it come off  sounding like a heavy metal band trying to show off by throwing in  different moods. The song, &quot;Fluff&quot; is probably Sabbath's most  tranquile song, but it genuinely sounds great. The mood Sabbath induces  with that song hits you right away, without having to sound obvious. Of  course, no matter what mood Sabbath chooses to create, it comes across  excellent on this album. &quot;Sabbra Cadabbra&quot; is unlike anything  they've ever done before, yet it is still among my favorite Sabbath songs  of all time. When it comes to pinpointing Tony Iommi's best riffs, critics  and fans always seem to skip over this album; when in truth, it contains  some of the best riffs Iommi and Sabbath had ever written. &quot;A National  Acrobat&quot; is not considered among the most popular Sabbath tunes  (although a great one), but in my book, that main theme riff is among the  top 5 Greatest Riffs ever written by any band. &quot;Killing Yourself To  Live&quot; is also a monster track with a killer chorus riff. And of  course, the album comes to a close with &quot;Spiral Architect&quot;, which  is another very different thing Sabbath decided to write. Yet again, it  still manages to sound like classic Sabbath; even with it's ambience and  relatively lively mood. So for Sabbath fans who truly prefer Sabbath at  their absolute darkest, you might be a bit dissapointed by this (hell, go  buy Venom). But for those with a slightly open mind, pick up this album and  i guarentee you'll love it.
B0000026VZ|4.0|I just got this cd the other day and I am very pleased with it. The new songs were good, but the oldies were even better. Hold the Line, Rosanna, Africa, I Won't Hold You Back, and especially Georgie Porgy are all great.  This is a worthy investment if you're an 80's freak like me.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|First off, controversial content aside, this movie is just plain well done. The acting is superb, the script well written and the atmosphere, sets, camera-work and pacing are all excellent. David Fincher has created  an amazing movie.<br />It's violent, true, but I think the violence in this  movie has been extremely overstated. Saving Private Ryan was worse than  this, violence-wise, and (although I'm probably going out on a limb here),  I'd say it's an inferior movie as well. So are many action movies.<br />More  to the point, unlike most Hollywood action flicks, the violence in this  movie has a point, and is there for a reason. I can't say that I left this  movie vowing to fight the evil corporations or to live faster, better, more  spontaneously or anything. But I did come away thinking, which I think was  more what was intended.<br />At least try this movie out. It's well worth your  time.
6305399212|5.0|(Review based on director's cut version) Aliens is the only true masterpiece in the entire Alien series as it not only sustains nerve wracking tension and explosive action, but also takes time to develop the  characters and create dramatic depth.  No other film in the series has been  able to do this even moderately well.<br />Aliens takes place 57 years after  the original.  Lt.  Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) is the only survivor of  the Nostromo, where her entire crew was killed by a hostile alien creature  that seems to live only to kill and breed.  She is found by a salvage crew  and tells her story to company officials.  It's met with skepticisim but  when contact is lost with a colony on a planet (the same one where Ripley's  crew found the egg that hatched a face hugger), a team of marines is  immediately sent in along with Ripley.  Members of this crew include  Corporal Hicks (Michael Biehn), Private Vasquez (Jenette Goldstein), Lt.  Gorman (William Hope), Private Hudson (Bill Paxton), and Bishop (Lance  Henrikson), a friendly android. After exploring the empty colony they find  the only survivor, a little girl named Newt (Carrie Henn), and a bond is  already created between her and Ripley.  Not long after, the marines get  into a brief battle with the aliens that proves fatal.  Most of the marines  are killed and taken back to the alien nest for cocooning.  Now, Ripley and  six others must survive in a colony infested with over hundreds of aliens  and find a way to escape.<br />The aspect of Aliens that most everybody loves  this film for is the action.  Most of it doesn't actually begin until the  last 45 minutes of the film but it's truly exciting, tense, and non-stop.   I can see why this film is considered a roller coaster ride.  Particularly,  the best sequences are when the aliens chase the remaining humans into  small tunnels and when Ripley arms herself to the max and rescues Newt.   Director James Cameron established himself as a true action auteur with  this film and it's easy to see why he's so revered by legions of  fans.<br />There's a deep dramatic depth in this film along with character  development.  Despite the fact that the film has a running time of 154  minutes, it never feels long and the character interaction is far from dull  and boring.  There's three very interesting relationships that develops  from Ripley to Newt, Hicks, and Bishop.  After the death of her daughter,  Ripley finds solace and comfort with Newt, who also likes Ripley's company.   They form a tight mother-daughter bond.  Another relationship that  develops is between Ripley and Hicks.  It's all quite subtle but it's  actually very fun to watch.  The peak of this relationship is not when they  kiss as in most films(they actually never do kiss) but when they exchange  their first names and one wishes the other luck.  The other interesting  development is between Ripley and Bishop.  After the first film, Ripley  distrusted all android since one of them indirectly caused the deaths of  her whole crew.  She dislikes Bishop at first but it's easy to tell she  admires him by the end.<br />All the performances in this film come off  strong.  Weaver is the best as she creates a strong and take charge  heroine.  Her character is a lot more complex than what is portrayed in  Alien.  Michael Biehn is very good as Corporal Hicks, a brave but far from  gung-ho soldier.  Also delivering good performances are Carrie Henn, Lance  Henrikson, Bill Paxton, and Jenette Goldstein.  Henrikson's character is  the one the audience seems to think is untrustworthy since he rarely  displays any signs of emotion.  But he's actually quite caring and is  perhaps the most trustworthy of the entire marine crew.<br />Once again, like  the first movie, the special effects are excellent.  The creature effects  are slightly different in this one as the aliens appear to be a bit more  scaly with smaller heads but the end result is still a frightening  creature.<br/>Also noteworthy is a fine musical score from James Horner.   It's creepy, fast-paced, and fits the tone of the film just fine.<br />If you  have never seen any films in the Alien series, I would recommend you begin  with Alien, a pretty good and decent (though not spectacular) horror space  opera.  Then you should watch Aliens but stop after that.  The opening  scenes to Alien 3 ruin all the development that occured in Aliens.  Alien  Resurrection itself is okay, but Weaver's character takes a turn for the  worst.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against the Machine is one band that will never sell out. Their third (and first for me) album, The Battle of LA, is groundbreaking. Don't compare RATM to bands like Limp Bizkit, Korn, or Kid Rock, though. They are  better and have better songs. Unlike Significant Other by Limp Bizkit,  which is just 16 tracks thrown together and has no message, The Battle of  LA was a well thought-out album and has political messages in it. <br />Now  onto the music. It has 45 minutes of great music. The songs are a mixture  of techno, rap, rock, and even a few dance sounds. I like all 12 songs, but  &quot;Born of a Broken Man&quot; has to be my favorite. I also love the  songs &quot;Testify&quot;, &quot;Sleep Now In the Fire&quot;,  &quot;Maria&quot;, &quot;War within a Breath&quot;, and the hit  &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot;. Unlike other bands, all of RATM's songs and  sounds are original and believe it or not it says on the CD that all of the  sounds are made with drums, bass, guitars and vocals. <br />So plop down $18  like I did and buy this album. And if you don't like it at first, give it  another try a couple days later. It's a worthy investment of $18 and I'm  sure you'll be satisfied.
B000002JS8|5.0|This is one of the best rock n roll records ever.  My personal faves are &quot;Walk Over You&quot; &quot;Night Prowler&quot; and &quot;Shot Down In Flames&quot; Bon Scott made this the best AC/DC album and it is easily  better than Back In Black.
B000002GOZ|5.0|Before I begin my review, let me state that this album is not Greatest Hits Live. In fact, only 3 of these songs can be found on his 1993 Greatest Hits album SO FAR SO GOOD. I'd be surprised if you could identify more than  five of these songs. That's how this album is.<br />When Bryan decided to do  an Unplugged, he didn't just change keys of the songs and leave the plug  out of his instrument...he re-worked song after song, changed tempos and  paces, and even wrote brand new material.<br />&quot;I Think About You,&quot;  is no longer a sappy ballad, but it's an up-tempo country type song, while  &quot;I'm Ready,&quot; is no longer hard rocking. It is now a soft and  wonderful ballad.<br />To finish off the album, Bryan chose a song from 18 Til  I Die entitled &quot;I'll Always Be Right There,&quot; in which he and  Keith finally perfected.<br />This may not have Bryan's biggest or best songs,  but the way he pulls them off proves why Bryan is one 80's artist who can  hold his own in the 90's.
0880381736|5.0|This is probabily the best book I've read, the best Dragonlance one at least.  I recommend it to all of you!
0679746048|5.0|I first read the book, it's a fast read. After I was done with it, I saw the movie. It is almost unfair to compare the two. They are very different. So if you read the book, thinking about the movie, you are going to be disipointed. I liked both of them, but the movie has more of a story line.  The book is out of sequence which is good because it portrays Susanna's  personality. My suggestion is to read the book and then see the movie. It  is interesting what the movie fills in for you!
6304806426|5.0|The English Patient is one of the best movies to come out in the last years. As some of the reviewers have stated, if you get into it, you will be mesmerized. The acting is sublime with Scott Thomas and Binoche being  outstanding, particularly Scott Thomas.I think that the chemistry between  Fiennes and Thomas was really there. The score is really  beautiful,capturing the film tender and passionate moments.The  cinematography is impressive. Watch it and you will be rewarded. It is a  classic,the movie was released more than three years ago and we are still  talking about it.
0812550757|1.0|If not being compared to Ender's Game this could be a star or two higher, but that's the price one pays for trying to follow up on something that amazing. Mr. Card's greatest gift in the previous novel was characterization, and in Speaker for the Dead, that seems to have all gone  out the window. Maybe it's the increased number of people to keep track of,  maybe it's the plot's complexity, but I went away wondering where the Ender  I had known so well had gone in those years between the two novels, and  more importantly, why there was no one around to replace him. Some vague  attempts were made to fill out Novinha and her family, but they were  stretched too thin to be effective. The plot is considerably more complex  than the previous novels, and it includes some very intriguing concepts. If  you knew enough about the characters to really care what happened to them,  the story could been much more effective.<br />My overall advice is that if  you really enjoyed Ender's Game, skip this and go straight to Ender's  Shadow.
630438551X|5.0|If you have not seen this film then you must. This is evreything but newer and fresher it is the way to tell people about romeo and juliet if they do not already know they might understand it better because it is in our time  instead of the older one which is set a long time ago. I mean we can all  relate this tragic love story oneway or another. This is not just a tragic  love story this is us in our deepist moments ever wanting to breath and get  away from the one person we love thinking that they are not like us so we  should not love them but this movie shows that no matter how much you love  somebody or no matter how much other people hate him or her you could still  be together without killing yourself.
6303022901|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is a wonderful movie about hope, coming to peace with past mistakes and regrets, and about family ties.  This film touches at the heart of the most basic hope of parents--that their children will exceed  them and have happier lives than they did.  Excellent acting, direction and  casting.
B000002JS6|5.0|You wanna rock and let it all out (and just maybe have fun) Buy BACK IN BLACK and crank it to 11!  This is what rock is all about. AC/DC is what non-conformity is all about. They have been doing the same thing for the  last 25 years AND IT STILL WORKS!  Through the disco, through the 80s'  hair bands, and through the 90s' &quot;I'm so deep&quot; music- AC/DC still  stands alone as what rock is meant to be- SIMPLE, PURE, RAW, AND FUN!
B000007S5B|1.0|the doors produced two interesting albums (the first two), and then  rapidly degenerated into pompous, brain-damaged parodies of themselves. waiting for the sun is a perfect case in point--diluted rock, pallid pop,  psychedelia reduced to its lowest common denominator, and 'poetry' that  sounds like the ramblings of a drunken crackhead.  stupidity is the   dominant theme here, from the flower power cliches of 'hello, i love  you',  'love street' and 'we could be so good together' to the second  rate  surrealism of 'not to touch the earth' and 'the unknown soldier',  culminating in the ludicrous self-satire of 'five to one'.  a few  decent  manzarek flourishes can't save this disc from the realm of the  truly  terrible.
B00004D3C1|5.0|This cd is exacty what I needed. Music is at a standstill right now with all of the rap metal acts out there. It's nice to hear something different. Granted this sounds like riffs from the 70's but I like it. I saw them open  for Sevendust and P.O.D. the other night and as far as I am concerned they  blew both of those bands off of the stage. Get this if you are into heavy  music and want to try something different. I think that you will be  pleasantly surprised.
1567310540|5.0|Dispatched to the Caribbean to investigate another British Agent's disappearance, James Bond discovers far more than he bargained for.  On a forsaken island, he meets a wild woman, fights a flamethrowing &quot;monster&quot;, and finally matches wits and will against the  incredible Doctor No, a self-made genius with steel claws for hands, an  army of thugs, and a clinical curiosity regarding the limits of human pain.   Bond is put to perhaps the toughest phsical test in his career in this  hair-raising sequel to From Russia, With Love.  This is another great 007  book to read. Buy this book when it is back in stock!
B00004D3C1|5.0|This cd is exacty what I needed. Music is at a standstill right now with all of the rap metal acts out there. It's nice to hear something different. Granted this sounds like riffs from the 70's but I like it. I saw them open  for Sevendust and P.O.D. the other night and as far as I am concerned they  blew both of those bands off of the stage. Get this if you are into heavy  music and want to try something different. I think that you will pleasantly  surprised.
0871137380|5.0|A superb achievement!  Even though it is non-fiction, Black Hawk Down rivals great war novels like The Thin Red Line or The Triumph and the Glory for dramatic power and stunning impact on the reader.  Should be required reading for future presidents, so they can understand the limits of third  world peacekeeping--no matter how courageous, capable, and dedicated our  troops are there ARE limits to what is possible in a complicated world.
0670647500|4.0|..having read the superb book &quot;the hurricane&quot;,i wanted to know more of this remarkable man's story,his autobiography did not disappoint.<br />reading his own words convey the powerful emotions one can only begin to imagine when your world is shattered by life imprisonment for  a crime you did not commit.<br />mr. carter's writings of his childhood up to  his  wrongful imprisonment paint a graphic picture of the forces that mold  us, he was by no means a model citizen, but then, who of us are.<br />i found  the spirit of this man extraordinary,i hope that the visibility his life  story has received of late, will in some way compensate him. but for the  many years stolen, there is no repayment.<br />i found both &quot;the 16th  round&quot; and &quot;the hurricane&quot; great reading, for they fill in  the gaps for each other. fyi: &quot;the 16th round&quot; can be had from  penguin books out of canada.
0767805712|4.0|This was a good movie, I strongly reccomend it. I didn't like the &quot;cleanlyness&quot; look, although I think that is part of the experience, which is why it only got 4 stars. But get it. See it. At least rent it.<br />BTW: GATTACA is a 6-base string in DNA, that will eventually  code for the two amino acid string leucine-methilonine with one adenine  base left over.  Gee, is this movie about DNA? Hmmmm.... :-) We saw  this in Bio class the other day... I don't really think our teacher picked  up on this. :-)
B000002MTR|4.0|With Dave Navarro at the guitar helm, &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; is the one Chili Peppers album that is much different than the rest.  Here, there is a guitar-driven alterna-rock band that put together a great batch of  songs, yet except for Anthony's distinctive vocals, it's hard to tell these  guys from a lot ot bands who put out great albums in the '90's.  This is a  minor complaint, though, because when it all comes down to it, it's the  songs that matter, and OHM has plenty of good ones.  &quot;Aeroplane&quot;,  &quot;My Friends&quot;, and &quot;Tearjerker&quot; are midtempo pop-rock  tracks that go down smooth, and &quot;Warped&quot;, &quot;Coffee  Shop&quot;, and &quot;One Big Mob&quot; are aggressive harder rock that  shows us all why these guys are so influential today.  &quot;Pea&quot;,  Flea's short, bass-driven vocal attack holds its own;  &quot;Transcending&quot;, a tribute to River Phoenix, is a heartfelt number  that is a good closer; &quot;Deep Kick&quot; is a great epic  spoken-word/hard rocker where Anthony tells the story of him and Flea  growing up with a sweet outro by Flea; &quot;Shallow Be Thy Game&quot; is  the kind of funk-rock we've all come to expect from these guys, and  &quot;Walkabout&quot;, my favorite cut on here, is a fun little number with  great guitar parts, and interesting lyrics with a slight outback theme.   There really aren't any weak tracks on here, it's all quite good, and  that's reason enough to check this album out, even though it doesn't always  sound like the guys who brought us &quot;Mother's Milk&quot;.  It's a new  direction, and it's a good indication of where they went with  &quot;Californication&quot;, a nice mix of all of the styles they have  explored.
0440219078|4.0|I've read this book about 4 times and I find something new in it each time.  I will say that it is a very different book, with some VERY unique perspectives, but it really makes you think about our world, and how we  live.  I first read this in Grade 4 and I understood most of it.  I would  say that it is for anyone over Grade 4, but you do have to be mature.   There are some strong themes in the novel.  Pick it up and think while you  read.  Compare our world to theirs.  I think you'll like it!  I know I did!
B00001SIES|5.0|Woah! I haven't been as excited about a band since I first heard Nirvana (And that is one big statement cos they are my fav band of all time).<br />Every song on this album is amazing raw rock but melodic at the  same time.<br />If you love bands like Nirvana, Pixies, smashign pumpkins and  Radiohead you will totally love this like me.<br />People compare them to  radiohead (Who i also love). Ok the vocals are slightly like Thom  yorkes....... but who cares?  hey are just a band playing the music the  have passion for so just listen to the excellent and not the negative hype!  (Even though most of the hype is cool anyway!)<br />So...... get this album  Now! <br />Oh yeaaaaaaaaaah!
B000002U82|5.0|The definitive Pink Floyd album in which the creative prowess of Roger Waters and the musical genius of David Gilmour blend together perfectly.  This album is not for the people who love mainstream 'pop' music where  every song is dominated by overplayed and catchy choruses.  This album  makes you think, and it will mean something different to everyone.   Pyramids, prisms, heartbeats, light, dark, money, time, one listen and this  album will intrigue you.
B000000W9Z|5.0|Coming off the little known albums of &quot;Black Tie, White Noise&quot; and &quot;Buddha of Suburbia,&quot; Bowie wanted to the recapture the excitement of the 1970s.  There is no better to way to do this then to call  up Brian Eno, Carlos Alamor, and launch a mega tour with Nine Inch Nails.  Eno and Bowie really have outdone themselves this time.   &quot;Outside&quot; is not some pop album, it's an album with a plot, Baby  Grace.  I wouldn't want to ruin the surprise for those of you that still do  not known &quot;Outside&quot; but I would like to encourage you to buy it!   This is Bowie's art meets Bowie's music.  It's a clash between Bowie's  infamous work the 70s and his new and improved personality of the 90s.   This is an album that will be cherished by fans for years to come.
0515127485|1.0|I bought this book because of all the hype, but I was sadly disappointed with the story.  Having set the scene with what we all imagine to be the &quot;bad old Stalinist Russia&quot;, we were left with a cheap film script  &quot;Die Hard&quot; type ending which was totally implausible.  I read  this book in bed and it got me off to sleep in no time at all!
B000002GLE|5.0|On Sting's only live performance, he took an impressive group of primarily jazz musicians (who assisted on the &quot;The Dream of the Blue Turtles&quot; release) out on the road. The combination of great jazz  musicians, some old, lesser known Police tunes, played in a live setting,  makes for a fantastic 2 CD set!  <br />Sting is right on his mark with his  bass and vocals (tho he does sound a bit raspy on a couple of  tracks)duties. We tend to forget that not only is Sting a great vocalist,  but he is a excellent bass player. This is no where is this more prevalent  than on the last track of this CD, the old Police tune, &quot;Tea in the  Sara&quot;. His bass playing is the vocal point of this song. Kenny  Kirkland's piano and Sting's bass are tightly nitted together on this song.  Another outstanding jazz musician on this album is the impeccable sax  player, Branford Marsalis. His sopran saxophone is exceptional throughout  the whole CD.  He has many solos (sting is definately not a stingy on this  release when it comes to solos!) but, on track, &quot;Children's  Crusade&quot; is where Branford's most intense playing is found. <br />In  summary, if you are a Police fan and also love jazz, THIS IS A MUST HAVE  CD!  Get this CD, you will not be sorry!
B00000AD94|4.0|I'm a Yes fan (first heard them in 1970!) - and I first heard of Spock's Beard through 'also bought' links at Amazon, tried some samples... and was hooked. I bought 'The Light' first (and have subsequently bought all the  rest!) and enjoy it the most. Spock's Beard are MUSICIANS. 'The Light' has  everything - creativity, well-written songs, classy instrumentalism ... a  very enjoyable introduction to this band. I am now a fan, and their CD's  join my Yes, (old!) Genesis, Camel, Alan Parsons, Pink Floyd ...
0671015206|3.0|I enjoyed the ancedotes put forth in this book but it is certainly not a guide or how to manual for anyone wanting to get ahead. Also it is useless for very low income people who can scarsely cover the basics with thier  tiny paychecks. The message is timeless: Avoid debt, be frugal and save. If  your wages are minimal then your in a situation that this book does not  address. The authors even say that &quot;this book isn't for economic  dropouts&quot;. I guess that means anyone making less than $25,000 to  $35,000 per year. Oh.
B00001OH7M|5.0|Before Iman, &quot;Changes,&quot; and Ziggy, David Bowie was &quot;just trying to get by.&quot;  He was struggling to keep his record deal and needed to prove to fans he was here to stay.  Although, he did not  officially prove is success until &quot;The Man Who Sold The World,&quot;  &quot;Space Oddity&quot; comes close.  Here, Bowie tries to ditch his  hippie fans and find a mainstream crowd within England.  There is a sign of  uncertainty in Bowie's vocals.  He, himself, does not know for sure if he  is here to stay.  But he'll have fun until then!  The idea of super stardom  seemed so distant and far away.  Today, Bowie stills seems foreign to the  idea of actual super stardom.  Songs like &quot;Unwashed and Somewhat  Slightly Dazed&quot; and &quot;Wild Eyed Boy From Freecloud&quot; show  Bowie's talent before the character of Ziggy Stardust came into play.   Bowie just wanted to write and perform music, and that is what he does so  well.
B00004LN16|5.0|Well since it's release on Tues. (2-29), I HAVEN'T STOPPED LISTENING TO IT!  This is by far their best release in 20 years, I believe due in most part to the return of George Young as producer.George has brought back the  basic early AC-DC sound yet it retains the hard hitting drive of recent  years. The rawness of this album recalls the days of &quot;Let There Be  Rock&quot; and &quot;Powerage&quot;. Angus and Brian both sound better than  ever,(man Brian how your voice is still holding up is amazing!), but I give  extra marks to Phil, Malcolm, and Cliff. Phil Rudd (so glad you're back in  the band)is sounding like the 'ole Phil of the early albums,Cliff's bass  lines have more freedom in this album than in the past few, and Malcolm is  really laying down good riff's to compliment Angus's playing. This is the  sound that I was hoping AC-DC would return to, a more &quot;bluesy&quot;  and &quot;rockin boogie&quot; feel, and from the sounds of Stiff Upper Lip,  they have done just that.For all you AC-DC fans out there, this album is a  must!
6305718911|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatre thinking that it was going to be like every other movie that's supposed to be scary-I'd just sit there and not think about a thing. This movie has great substance. I left the theatre  actually thinking about something besides the traffic(and I can't even  drive). Anyways, I sit watching movies and they don't scare me or phase me  at all. This movie was different. It wasn't really scary, but it was a  little scary. It hit my nerves and I must admit-I was a little scared. It  was a great movie!
B000002J1C|5.0|&quot;The Yes Album&quot; is one of the more intersting albums to come out of the progressive rock scene. It starts off with the high powered &quot;Yours is no Disgrace&quot;. This song shows off how tight of a band  is. The next song has become a classic among die hard Steve Howe(guitar)  fans. &quot;The Clap&quot; is one of the most interesting solo guitar  pieces that you will ever find. The song is also recorded live which adds  to the charm. The highlight of the album is the masterpiece with is also  known as &quot;Starship Trooper&quot;. The song is one of the more  interesting things that Chris Squire has co-wrote( His bit is part two that  shows off his talent as a acoustic guitar player) and the guitar solo at  the end is one of the highlights of progressive music. The next song  &quot;I've seen all Good People&quot; pulls a complete 360, it starts of  with a beauitiful acoustic bit and then turns into one of the most powerful  rock'n roll numbers heard in a while. &quot;A venture&quot; the next number  is as solid as a rock with interesting lyrics and mind expanding keybords  thanks to yes' first keyboard player Tony Kay. The album comes to an end  with the interesting &quot;Perpetual Change&quot; This song has taken a  life of it's own when played live (see &quot;Yessongs&quot;). Overall this  is one of the best yes albums that has ever come out. I highly recomend it.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The special effects are enough to make you buy it. Trust me no matter how much this movie is you should buy it
0440224764|5.0|this is the best book i've ever read by john grisham, and i've read alot of them.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fantastic. A nearly flawless film that takes viewers along for the rush. No words can explain the joy of watching this film. Once is not enough! Buy this film. It should be any true moviegoers library. A film that takes  chances, cuts no corners and does not soften its tone. This truly brilliant  satire expects a lot from a viewer.  It's been a while since a film lets go  and lets the audience catch up. I saw it three times in the theaters and  I'm counting down the days till its release on DVD. This was the best film  of the decade, even better than Pulp Fiction. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt  deserve metals for the work they did in this film.  Fantastic. Ignore the  critics. This film is the ride.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Woah! This album is, what can I say? Perfect!  Thanks SANTANA for making this album!  That mix of that Santana feel with artists like Rob Thomas or Eagle-Eye Cherry. Just hear that guitar sound from Carlos! He plays his  guitar so it sings.  It is a long time ago since I heard a real great  guitarist (like Brian May or you know, Carlos.  No more guitarists who can  only play some basic chords (mostly bass chords), because Carlos is back!  And stands now in top of all the other guitarists including me! <br />Really,  this album is so good,that it`s great and that I can recommend it to  anyone. This album is worth more than five stars. Just listen if you don't  believe me. And if you hesitate because of those reviews that say it's not  good but dissapointing, (I really can't understand what is bad about this  album) Okay, than you can listen to samples here (which are a little short)  so you know more about the album.  Or read other opinions of reviewers here  at the Amazon. But believe me, it IS great!
0593044703|2.0|I've finished book one (the first 123 pages)and I just can't go on. This book suffers from having too many characters, introduced too quickly- virtually all without description. The protagonist (Paran?) gets lost in a world of complex magics and places. The author takes little time to  establish who the story is about and, more importantly, why we should care.  There is certainly a great deal of invention and detail here. Impressive in  fact. On reflection: I'd like to see the book edited further. I'd like to  see just a single character- Tattersail or Hairlock perhaps- plucked out of  the book and have a good tail spun around them.<br />I'm going to put this  epic away on the bookshelf now. I hope I havn't detered anyone from  purchasing it.
6305657947|4.0|Yeah, it was an entertaining movie. But I just want to say that Rene Russo is a withering old broad, and seeing her wrinkled body half-naked was QUITE the turn-off. AND I hope she reads this!
6302720419|4.0|I would consider myself a horro-genre fan....I've seen them all. This movie is one of my favorites. I can understand how many people think that this movie seems silly and stupid. My only defense is that these people  didn't try to get &quot;into&quot; the film. What the movie lacks in budget  and special effects, is more than made up by a very creepy and chilling  atmosphere. Although the pace of the movie may seem slow, it is actully for  its benefit. If you really try to get into the movie, you begin to  understand how creepy it is that childsren are being possessed. All in all  if you are a horro-genre fan, you have to see it. it is up there with The  Shining, Exorcist, and Nightmare on Elm Street (no joke). Stay away from  the sequels (although #4 wasn't that bad actually--haven't seen the last  one yet).
0780624890|5.0|what can i say? neither vampire movies nor do other wesley snipes films get any better than this. blade, the half-human, half-vampire is the hero in this one going up against an army of the vicious blood-suckers. this  film also has the very appropriate dark tone which is what makes the  extreme rawness happen. steven dorff also &quot;brings the pain&quot; as  deacon frost but snipes brings more of it. hands down, this is the best  vampire film out there, and a tough one to beat.
B00003BE32|5.0|Everything just flows toghether.  I loved it, no metal fan should be without it. I won't let any other vidoe into my VCR now!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot rules.  Yes, a lot of people say they not that hard or whatever, and maybe I'm blind, but I love these guys.  I love the music, anyway.  I think the whole mask and jumpsuit idea is kind of cheesy, but oh well.  Why  critique them for their outfits?  I love the music, and thats that.  Get  it.
B00000JY1X|5.0|iwant to know about lo_fi music mor
B0000033P2|5.0|A TRULY WONDERFUL LISTENING EXPERIENCE...THIS MUSIC WILL STAND FOR A THOUSAND YEARS.
0440211727|4.0|A Time to Kill is John Grisham's first novel, and it really is a good read. Grisham explores deep into the depths of southern law in Mississippi. In many ways, though I don't think Grisham orginally intended it to be, A  Time to Kill is like an updated version of Harper Lee's Classic, To Kill a  Mockingbird.  Very different circumstances, but the same basic concept;  what effect will race have on the judgement? A Time to Kill, like most of  Grisham's books is a bit predictable, and it doesn't end very well; it  comes to a halt too quickly. Yet it still is a good, recommended read,  those who are Grisham fans (like myself) will really enjoy.  Grisham's  first book is additionally the perfect first read for someone who hasn't  read any of his other novels.  Enjoy!
630575067X|5.0|First of all, it is impossible to rate this movie by itself.  Let's not forget that there are two more movies to come.  So of course people are not going to like it because they want more out of it, but those are for the  rest of this prequel trilogy.  This movie was awesome!  I saw it 5 times in  the theatres and I have already reserved my copy.  I look forward to the  rest of them, as well as every other Star Wars fanatic out there.  But it  is very hard to have as many expectations as this movie had (due to media)  and still have everyone liking it.  I LOVED IT!
0767821629|5.0|I just watched the dvd and I REALLY liked this movie !  Dont worry that you have never really seen any of these actors before- the story makes it worth while!  I really smiled at the end of this movie! A great sci fi flick!  I would say it is  in the matrix genre for sure.  But it isnt a rip off at all!  It is really  a good story that I must say has me thinking.  I just had to put this  review up as soon as i could! You will like this movie!  go rent it!
B000002GXJ|5.0|One of my favorite albums!  In my opinion, many of the live tracks sound better than the studio versions!  Especially listen for the &quot;revised&quot; words in &quot;Life's Been Good&quot;.
0060987464|4.0|This book is an eye opener to all people, fans or not. This book gives you a compelling look into Brian's younger life, from shooting rabbits and playing with his cousin to his grandfathers basement and getting crabs. This book goes highly recommended to whoever would like to read it. I have  read it four times and it still fasinates me. This is a book everyone  should own.
B00003CX7K|5.0|I loved this movie.  It was very funny and had really good actors and characters
038542471X|5.0|I must say, this has to be one of the best books I have ever read. John Grisham has yet again raised the bar for any legal thriller writers who want to throw there hat into the ring. This book will stand as a monument for ages.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is one of my favorite cd's from one my favorite bands.  I have this album and Dude Ranch.  If you have never heard this and you've heard Dude Ranch, this is very different.  I personally think Dude Ranch is better  because it is all punk, which is what Blink 182 does best.  Enema Of The  State is similar, but it has more alternative/pop songs on it.  You've  probably heard What's My Age Again? and All The Small Things, which most of  the album doesn't sound like.  Most of the album is punk but Blink 182 just  choosed their 2 singles to be the alternative ones on the album.  Anyone  who likes any kind of rock music should own this.  This is one of the best  albums I have ever heard.  My favorite songs on Enema Of The State are  &quot;Don't Leave Me&quot; and &quot;Anthem&quot;.
B000002JOH|5.0|PanterA is one of the best bands around. Ive been a huge fan since their 1990 LP &quot;Cowboys From Hell&quot;. They did a nice job on all of their albums , but this one is all-out their best.  Keep it up!
B00004LN16|5.0|What can you expect from a bunch of old rockers...that they slow down ?  In AC/DC's case that's the fact, they've become just a bit slower, a bit bluesier and even more minimalistic than they were on their last albums.   Having said that: understand that I don't find it negative, they did it  WITHOUT losing the power in their songs or the ability to rock your socks  of. <br />Anybody who's able to stand still, whilst listening to &quot;Can't  stand still&quot; has a serious problem, the same goes for &quot;Hold me  back&quot; and &quot;Stiff upper lip&quot;. You'll find yourself singing  along with &quot;House of jazz&quot; and &quot;Safe in New York city&quot;  before you know it. <br />After you've experienced this album, you'll know  what these Aussies have been doing during the last 5 years : Brian Johnson  has been using grinding sand on his vocal cords (and some of that is still  there), Phill Rudd has found a way to trap thunder in his drumkit (he's  still got me wondering how he got so much power in his drumming), the Young  brothers have perfected their ESP-talents to get perfect harmony in their  guitarplay and Cliff Williams found a way to get an even higher voltage on  his bass-guitar. <br />I don't know if they've planned a tour following this  album, but if they come playing anywhere near the Netherlands : you'll find  me there !
1558908358|5.0|We have a winter drumline at our school and the theme of our show is music written from the movie Tron.  The music is great and so is the movie.  Our show is very &quot;Tron-like&quot;.
B000002UKS|4.0|This is the only Foo Fighters cd I have, and I heard that this is the best one they have made out of the 3.  My favorite song on The Colour And The Shape is &quot;Monkey Wrench&quot;, it is probably the best song I have  ever heard from the band.  Other songs I thought were good are  &quot;Everlong&quot;,&quot;My Poor Brain&quot;, &quot;Wind Up&quot;,and  &quot;My Hero&quot;.  You could tell when the band spent a lot of time on  one song and not too much on another.  If you liked any of the songs from  this cd, then you should probably buy it.  But I don't know how anyone  could think every song on here sounds the same.
6304117310|5.0|I don't have anything huge to add to other reviews, other than to say this is the sort of film Hitchcock would have been making had he been around. The enclosed space where the action takes place, together with their varied  reactions to the threat to all their lives is straight out of &quot;The  Lifeboat&quot;.
B00000IQBL|5.0|Full Metal Jacket is a film which conceptually deals with a platoon of men in Marines Corps training and Vietnam, but thematically expresses the notion that man is &quot;born to kill.&quot;<br />It is an excellent film by  an excellent director (Kubrick), with elements (such as wonderful  cinematogpahy and acting) that make the experience of watching it all the  more enjoyable. Kudos especially to Lee Ermey, who plays gunnery sergeant  Hartman while the platoon is in training. However, all the performances are  equally noteworthy: Modine as Pvt. Joker, Baldwin as Pvt. Cowboy, and  D'Onofrio as Pvt. Pile.<br />Anyone who loves Kubrick and movies with a  message will undoubtedly enjoy Full Metal Jacket, a fantastic and  fascinating film.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I loved Creed's My Own Prison album.  The day this album came out, I bought it.  The 1st song &quot;Are You Ready&quot; is the perfect song to start of with to begin the cd.  Then the 2nd song &quot;What If&quot;, is  probably the best song on the album.  But the rest of it doesn't sound  incredible like the songs on My Own Prison did.  They are pretty good like  &quot;Higher&quot; is also a great song, but it just doesn't flow that  nicely.  You might have to listen to this a few times to like it, but  overall its a cd that you should buy if you liked any Creed songs.
0061003646|5.0|This was the very first Dame Agatha Christie book that I ever read. Although it is not one of the very best, it is still great, and deserves five stars. Being the first Christie book I ever read, it gave me my first impression of Christie's writing style-a great one. You really had to pay  attention to every detail to solve this mystery along with Miss Marple-my  favorite amateur sleuth. THE BODY IN THE LIBRARY is a great book and I  recommend it to any Christie fan.
B000002C2E|5.0|...BUT BETTER THAN ALMOST EVERYTHING OUT TODAY! <br />This CD is awesome! The sound produced by Dylan and Lanois is very very cool. At first, it won't strike you as anything special. But slowly the CD wraps itself around  you and won't let go!  If you're a Dylan fan you probably already have this  album and playing it currently or it is in your disk changer. For those who  aren't sure about Dylan and might find his voice grating or awful, pick up  this one, Blood on the Tracks, or Highway 61 and you will see what all the  fuss is about.
0061003697|5.0|Right after I finished reading this, I set the book down and thought, &quot;Wow.&quot; Christie's intelligence and superb writing style makes you think again. It's amazing how the people who aren't even suspected end up being the culprit. The plot was complex, spellbinding, and interesting. The  whole idea of murder on a cruise was great, and Christie made it even  greater. A must for anyone!
B00003CX95|5.0|Braveheart is by far the most riveting, completely enthralling movie I have ever seen...The story is set in 14th century Scottland and details the Scotts struggle against British agression...<br />Based on a true story,  William Wallace, played superbly by Mel Gibson, unites the Scotts and  refuses to allow the powerful King Edward the Longshanks of England to take  control of the country...<br />The story may not be completely based on facts  as this happened so long ago and the legend of William Wallace has probably  grown bigger than the man, but the story-line here is  incredible...<br />Basically it's a love story, not between a man and a woman,  but between a man and his country...I don't think I'll ever see a movie  that moves me the way this one does at the end...<br />When it looks like  Longshanks has him with no where to go, Longshanks thinks he'll bow down to  him since it's either that or death...William Wallace then says, &quot;You  can take my life, but you'll never take my freedom&quot;<br />Watch it if you  haven't...You won't be disappointed...
0679746048|3.0|It wasnt the most readable book in the world, but being someone who loves to read on the subject of mental illness, I enjoyed it well enough.  It seems rather disjointed, but I guess that's the way it's meant to be.  It doesnt give a lot away, for example, it doesnt say a thing about what may  have caused Susanna to become so confused and upset in the first place.  It  doesnt explain whether or not she continues to live her life this way, or  if suddenly, by magic, she is cured?   It seems as though the writer  doesnt actually remember a whole lot about what actually happened, and  tends to write more about the other patients than about herself. Despite  all of this, I enjoyed the subject matter and it was a short, sweet read.   I think Id need to read more true accounts of mental illness before i can  make an accurate decision on what I think of this book.
B000031XCR|5.0|Wow.  Celine Dion is one great singer and she has truly been blessed by God with such a talent.  Her songs have good lyrics and good music, but somehow she makes her songs so beautiful.  And she puts a lot of feeling  into her songs.  She still has great talent after so many years. Her new  songs, I have comments about That's The Way It Is- Great lyrics and an  excellent tune.  This is good song to dance to, slow or fast. If Walls  Could Talk- I believe this song was a good, love song with excellent  lyrics.  I love that part &quot;We're two shadows chasing rainbows&quot;   The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face- Pretty decent but I didn't choose this  song to be a favorite. Lyrics ok...but I think there should've been more  music. All The Way-Frank Sinatra and Celine Dion brought this song all the  way. Music was great  lyrics too. Then You Look At Me- Beautiful lyrics,  beautiful music, Celine Dion put a lot into this song and it nearly made me  cry becuz it was so great.   I Want You To Need Me- Godd lyrics  and good  music. THis song grew onto me.  Forgot the next song's title, but i think  it needs more music into it.
B000002U8A|1.0|here are the hits &quot;reflex&quot;, &quot;union of the snake&quot; ( both are NOT what u  here on the radio, which happen to be remixed versions!), and &quot;new moon on monday&quot;, (only good song on the  album!). BAD PRODUCED ALBUM! , sounds out of date, unfocused, not to  mention poor song writing too.do not buy this, for ANY reason! * and a half  stars
0812548094|5.0|Stone of Tears is just as exciting and on going action as the first book Wizard's First Rule, Terry is the Creartor himself in the art of wrting and the TRUTH of life!  I recommend this book to everyone, there's so much to learn!  Tanxxxxxxxxxxxx Terry for sharring your world with us!
B00004R99F|5.0|Disney has a history of GREAT movies and this one takes the cake.  It's a great story about the &quot;bond between a father and his son.&quot;  It's very touching and has a heart felt story.  I loved the way that Max, Goofy's son, and Goofy were able to get through all the little trajedies  and still wind up on top.
6305750750|5.0|As a teenager I remember being disappointed at the 'corny' Ewoks from return of the Jedi and dismissed it as the weakest of the films. A few years ago as a fourth grade teacher, I was fed up with the kids thinking  that Independance Day was the greatest Sci Fi they had ever seen, so I  showed them the original trilogy. They were slightly bored with the  beginning of Star Wars but were totally mesmerized by the battle for the  Death Star and the revelations in Empire. They literally stood up and  cheered when the horn blew and the Ewoks began to attack the  Stormtroopers.That is when I realized who these stories were for.Adults  love the mythology and effects but this is all a fantastic Fairy tale, in  the tradition of all the great epics. This is why I enjoyed The Phantom  Menace so much.Mr. Lucas did not suddenly change his story to an Aliens  Starship Troopers carnage fest. He continues with a solid story with enough  action,humor and yes silly comedy for all of us.The final 25 minutes where  he deftly handles FOUR action scenes at the same time puts this movie up  there with the first one. You'll want to see it again and again.
B000008HPE|4.0|Sports is a true 5-star CD, but this one is still an essential part of any Huey Lewis collection. There are some great party/driving songs here, especially &quot;Whole lotta lovin'&quot;, but the best songs on this CD  are &quot;Doing it all for my baby&quot; and the huge radio hit &quot;Happy  to be Stuck With You.&quot;  Those two alone are worth the price of the CD.   This album went all the way to number one in 1986 and produced two number  one singles and unlike most of the other popular CD's of its era it truly  deserved its fame and status. It never gets old. Those who wish to begin a  definative collection of Huey Lewis' work should start with Sports and  Fore!
B000002OX7|5.0|My God, I finally understand.  When Roger Daltrey sings &quot;it's only teenage wasteland&quot; while most of the instruments drop out in the middle of Baba O'Riley, it gives me chills.  Easily one of the greatest  rock albums ever recorded, and especially amazing because it inspired both  progressive rock and punk, genres supposedly diametrically opposed to one  another.  That's because it manages to invest the complex arrangements of  prog-rockers with all the fury and teenage desperation of punk rock.   Rock's twin poles brought together in sublime perfection.  Won't Get Fooled  Again is *the* swan song for the 60's.  I don't think anything else by the  Who even comes close to this, but then again, not much else in the history  of rock comes close to this.  Isn't it great that rock and roll rung in the  70's with Who's Next and closed it out with London Calling?  Thank you  England!
B00003CWPR|3.0|I have been a big fan of Stanley Kubrick ever since having been bowled over by &quot;Paths of Glory&quot; in its year of initial theatrical release (it simply clobbered its highly-oscared contemporary war flick  &quot;The Bridge on the River Kwai&quot;).  Nevertheless, I found  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; to be rather disappointing, probably because I  lived for five years as a young bachelor in Manhattan and none of that good  stuff ever happened to me.  Also, two other observations: --I kept thinking  that the scene early in the movie where the lecherous Hungarian count is  trying to pick up Nicole Kidman could have been much better played by Arte  Johnson &amp; Ruth Buzzi of &quot;Laugh In&quot;. --The censorship by  interpolated digital figures is more ludicrous than effective; you know  what's going on anyway.  The effect is like a hot dog vendor getting in the  way when Mark McGwire is up.  Does anybody think that this annoying  interpolation should change the rating of this archetyple NC-17 film?  I  was eager to buy the DVD until I found that it also is the censored  version.  Now, no thanks!
630542828X|4.0|It was pretty good, and actually very good in the aspect that they did go broke, and it was very good from the legal perspective.  I enjoyed it.
630018403X|4.0|this film works because of the Characters being in tune with one another.it's a solid straight foreward 80's film.nothing more or less.Judd Nelson and crew are a good fit for each other in this film.
0380789019|5.0|&quot;Neverwhere&quot; is everything you would want in a novel:  it's funny, intelligent, exciting, suspenseful, romantic and sexy.  The book is dark, strange, witty and wonderful, while the prose is beautiful.  The  story will stay with me a long time...I loved it.
6302862949|2.0|Baryshnikov is a fantastic dancer.same goes for Gregory Hines.but this is a Buddy,Buddy Dance Movie? what a waste.it's not much of a film.but you have two  of The Greatest Dancers that the World has ever seen.thank  goodness their wasn't a follow up.
B0000009SY|5.0|I remember when my dad, (not exactly the nicest guy in the world), bought Joe's Garage home. I knew of it, I'd heard two of the songs but they were the live cuts(Catholic Girls and Joe's Garage).  When dad popped in the  disc track one-Central Scrutinizer(?) The Central Scrutinizer's gravelly  voice intrigued me...then It became monotonous. So I clicked over to track  two (Joe's Garage) I thought to myself &quot;Hey this is different&quot;  The melody and some of the lyrics were modified into a beautiful symphony.   Track 3 &quot;Catholic Girls&quot;, that citar blew my mind!   Then  &quot;Fembot in a wet T-shirt&quot;(originally Wet T-shirt nite). I was a  &quot;dancing fool&quot; when I heard that song (Pun intended).  On The Bus  (toad -o-lime) At first I hated that song, now 15 years old (and a budding  guitarist) I love that song. &quot;Why Does it Hurt When I Pee&quot;, it  was reminescent of a Weird Al Yankovic parody-type song.  &quot;Token Of My  Extreme&quot;, beyond words.  When I first heard it I forgot about it,  then, at 2:00 am(!) It hit me &quot;I must hear that song&quot; I thought  to myself except it was 2:00 am!  &quot;Stick It out&quot; I learned german  from that song, &quot;Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up&quot;, it's a blues  song with a Reggae guitar and &quot;Sy Borg&quot;, shock value at it's  finest <br />(As Central Scrutinizer) ...And that's just the first  disc...<br />Basically, disc two... I give a 4 and a half stars.  &quot;Watermelon In Easter Hay&quot;, it is hypnotizing to a degree.  &quot;He Used to Cut the Grass&quot;, second best zappa guitar solo I've  heard (On that disc), but hey, don't take my word for it, go buy that gem  from amazon.com or your local record store(hah)
B000002BSG|2.0|Virtual Insanity was the jam here.cosmic girl was cool but this disc is downhill after that.Jamiroquai has moments here&amp;there with the Stevie Wonder Influences but it doesn't hold up.
B0000024SI|5.0|You have to love a ablum that starts with &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot; ends with &quot;Desolation Row&quot; and has no fillers in between.  This ablum is not to be taken lighty their is a lot going on and the lyrics  should not be taken seriously.  &quot;Ballad of a thin man&quot; shows  Dylans piano skills. &quot;Tombstone blues&quot; will leave you thinking  with lyrics like &quot;The suns not yellow its chicken.&quot; And if thats  not enough to sell you the ablum they also put in &quot;It takes a lot to  laugh, it takes a train to cry&quot;,&quot;From a buick 6&quot;,&quot;Queen  jane approximately&quot;,Highway 61 revisited&quot;,and &quot;Just like Tom  Thumb's Blues.&quot;(my personal favorite)So in closing if you are a new  listener to Bob Dylan like I was 4 Years ago do yourself a favor and put  down that backstreet boys ablum and get some real music I garantee you will  not be disapointed.
0792841859|1.0|gene Hackman was good in this film but it doesn't answer any Questions.Where are The African-American voices? where is the Struggle? this film is too Slick&amp;glossy for it's own good.a story about Racisim  given a White Spin&amp;Take.typical Hollywood formula.
B0000024SI|5.0|You have to love a ablum that starts with &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot; ends with &quot;Desolation Row&quot; and has no fillers in between.  This ablum is not to be taken lighty their is a lot going on and the lyrics  should not be taken seriously.  &quot;Ballad of a thin man&quot; shows  Dylans piano skills. &quot;Tombstone blues&quot; will leave you thinking  with lyrics like &quot;The suns not yellow its chicken.&quot; And if thats  not enough to sell you the ablum they also put in &quot;It takes a lot to  laugh, it takes a train to cry&quot;,&quot;From a buick 6&quot;,&quot;Queen  jane approximately&quot;,Highway 61 revisited&quot;,and &quot;Just like Tom  Thumb's Blues.&quot;(my personal favorite)So in closing if you are a new  listener to Bob Dylan like I was 4 Years ago do yourself a favor and put  down that backstreet boys ablum and get some real music I garantee you will  not be disapointed.
0790734060|5.0|Milos Forman brings together a great film about a Great Artist Mozart.the Humor&amp;Music are as timeless as the film.I really enjoy this film alot.it never goes out of style just like the music.
B00002E285|5.0|Hey! The first time I saw this video was when I was only 12 years old....and I loved it then! It's so great, Pink Floyd is the greatest band ever! It's unusual and strange, but it's very unique....I recommend buying  it for anyone!
6302439566|1.0|this film is very flat,Predictable,&amp;Forgettable.Travolta&amp;Curtis have no real CHemistry.this film was a Pre-Curser to the Magazine.Rolling Stone now is Just like this film.
B000002NZO|5.0|This album is a lot better than most people give it credit for.  Personally, I think it's better than both &quot;Nursery Cryme&quot; and &quot;Foxtrot&quot;.  All six of these songs are great, especially  &quot;White Mountain&quot;, which no one has yet to mention.  It's a really  dark album, which is a pretty good thing, too.  There aren't any tunes like  &quot;Harold the Barrel&quot; or &quot;Time Table&quot; to lighten this one  up.  All in all, this album is a gem and a joy to listen to.
6300214419|4.0|Secret Lovers should have been playing in the Background.their is a real Chemistry between Robert DE Niro&amp;Meryl Streep. the film itself is pretty basic but the Performances of DeNIro&amp;STreep make it worth a View  or two.real Light-Hearted for DeNIRO.
630575067X|2.0|The exhilarating, adrenaline rush of virtually all three of the first STAR WARS films has been replaced here by a mechanical special-effects-driven script that has all but lost the emotional core that made the saga such a  rare, gorgeous feast.  Only a few moments between young Anakin and his  mother have the heart evident in the first few films.  While the effects  are breathtaking, it is hard to rev yourself up for a movie when you care  little about the people/characters in it.  Jar Jar was a misfire, to be  sure, but the only new or old characters that are compelling are Anakin's  mom and Darth Maul, who has way too little to do. And I also felt that this  movie was much more of a commercial for merchandising, in other words built  for a very young audience, whereas the first three appealed to all ages  because of their mythic themes.  Virtually all of the name stars here are  wasted, though I believe that Ewan McGregor could have been powerful if he  had something to do.  Of course I cannot wait for the next installment, and  hope against hope that the creative genius behind this saga, Mr. Lucas, can  once again locate his fertile imagination and set our hearts on fire again.
6300184080|5.0|Cher&amp;Crew do a Superb job in this film.the Ignorance and Lack of Compassion are reflected thru out this film.it's a Powerful Story and a must see.
0808514628|5.0|This book is my all time favorite.  I would recommend it to any one
6300214184|2.0|not much of a film now.very slick&amp;shallow.very much a 80's film.the music was catchy.but the film is very dated now.it was average at the time.and hasn't changed.
052594527X|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much!  As I read, I was totally engrossed, and I remember that during the process I paused, and tried to analyze just what it was that engrossed me so.  The story itself is so simple, but it's a great story, nonetheless.  The author's characterization is so much fun.  I  discovered many dimensions to most of the main characters. You'll love  Catharina!  The author's  mention  of several of Vermeer's masterpieces is  an added bonus.  When my reading session was completed I felt I had  discovered some  interesting connections to Vermeer's paintings. I later  discovered that my mental images were quite different from the examples of  the actual work! It was just a really interesting, fun, artsy, quick read.   It doesn't get any better than that!
B000000Y2F|5.0|this is very essential to any Lover of Great Music.Two Important PIONEERS of music on one set.i got this disc a few Summers back and I was feeling the Power of these Great minds.The Tones&amp;arrangements are timeless and  Classic.This is First Class Music.a thing of SOul.
B00003CWPR|1.0|This movie was one of last summer's most boring movies! It was so slow I actually walked out after the chris issak song! I 'm saying this because all the movie we every get in the area were I live are mainstream only! It  sucks not seeing what the indie are showing! Heck we're even lucky if we  can find any of those movies to rent/buy on DVD! Watch this movie if like  Tom cruise,nicole kidman or the director! otherwise avoid this boring ,dull  movie!
0800105141|4.0|The Great Mind of Sir.Richard Attenborough brings this film.I really felt the Pressence of Ben Kingsley as Gandhi.the film starts off strongly.Gandhi in this film is Portrayed as a Kindred Spirit of Dr.Martin Luther King.
0767819594|5.0|If you consider yourself a true &quot;BUFFY FAN&quot; you got to buy this tape. &quot;BUFFY, BUFFY, BUFFY&quot; If you are not a &quot;BUFFY FAN&quot; you got to buy this tape. Great acting. Great Plot. Great ending.  Two hours of great entertainment.
6300214370|1.0|this film was Boring.for all the street dancing&amp;music where are African-Americans? it's a cheap take on Breakin',Flashdance,Fame,etc..Kevin Bacon is Okay.but this film is very FOrgettable.
B000002UCN|4.0|As a Beatle, George Harrison always seemed to be the silent, but stable mediator between the iconoclastic Lennon and the pop-accessible McCartney. Harrison's music, both within the context of the Beatles and as a solo  artist, works in very much the same fashion. Whereas Lennon followed his  musical vision regardless of audience and McCartney at times seemed to  pander to the masses at the expense of his art, Harrison crafted personal,  intelligent music that neither alienated listeners, nor begged for  approval. &quot;The Best of George Harrison&quot; proves that his  songwriting has often been on par with his bandmates and that his immediate  post-Beatles work was as vital as anything by Lennon and certainly more so  than that of McCartney. While it is true that more than half of this CD is  comprised of his Beatles songs, this in no way betrays the collection;  rather, it helps to show Harrison's maturation as a songwriter, from the  simple resonant melancholy of &quot;Something&quot; to the deeply mystical  philosophies of &quot;What Is Life&quot; and &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; (for  which Harrison was found guilty of subconsciously plagiarizing the  Shirelle's song, &quot;He's So Fine&quot;, an unjust pronouncement then and  even more so now, given the proliferation of song-sampling via Puff Daddy  and others). Given the music capacity of most  CDs, the complaint of an  incomplete track selection is a valid one; there are 13  songs included,  but a more comprehensive overview could probably be double that amount.  Even so, this compilation does  a good job of showcasing Harrison at the  peak of his creativity and talent and as such, stands as a fine  introduction to an often overlooked songwriter and musician. Personal  Favorites: the low  and mellow, slide guitar driven &quot;For You  Blue&quot; from the Beatles album, Let It Be; the dramatic declaration of  spiritual yearning found in &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;.
0875845851|5.0|This is a fast, entertaining history of the development of computer disks. It does illustrate the dilemma stockholder-owned companies are in over new technologies, but it doesn't pretend to be a heavyweight treatise on economics, so I'm not quite sure why it produced such venom from some  customer reviewers. Maybe you have to know (care?) about magnetic disks to  enjoy and understand the book. I can imagine it might perplex, or even  bore, anyone else.
B000002LFU|5.0|This was my 1st R.E.M. lp although I'd heard the early 90s singles on the radio, &amp; along w/ Nevermind, the 1st step into the interesting music world that lead me to the great depth of the underground. Pop Song 89,  Stand, Get Up &amp; the 11th Untitled song ae all upbeat pop but in a good  way instaed of the tripe that usually gets a lot of airplay. Orange Crush,  I Could Turn you Inside-out, &amp; I Remember California are all big  stomping or dirgey angry rock songs. the others are instrospective  acoustics. I just went &amp; played The Wrong Child to check since I hadn't  heard it in a while &amp; there was the mulitlayered vocals &quot;hey those  kids are looking @ me, I told my friend myself, they're laughing &amp;  they're running over here&quot;, a little uneasy like the subject matter.  World Leader Pretend was famous for being the only song to have full yrics  printed in a REM sleeve, although I think Up has done that now. Hairshirt  was improvised &amp; I don't think it's annoying, very deep stuff actually.  Most people here have praised You Are The Everything &amp; rightly so.  Stand is joyous w/o being genrically annoying like its sequel Shiny happy  people was. This is my favourite of theirs along w/ the outstanding Murmur.  More consistently great than Out Of time I reckon.
1558908358|5.0|I was 15 when I first saw this movie.  Then I was just a boy in a small town in Alabama; today I'm a programmer for Cisco Systems in San Jose CA.  I can honestly say I owe that to this movie.  Seeing something EXCITING  that could be done with computers set me on my current Career path.  By  today's standards it's fairly dated, but then it was ahead of it's time.
B00003CWPR|5.0|It took them twenty years to finally appreciate 2001 or A Clockwork Orange or even Paths of Glory, so no one should be surprised that the critics hated Eyes Wide Shut.  It takes about twenty years to fully understand a  Kubrick film, possibly because it's filled with so much or possibly because  it's so ahead of its time.  In twenty years, Eyes Wide Shut will be hailed  as a masterpiece.  You don't believe me?  You think Eyes Wide Shut was just  a bad film, his past films were well acknowledged when they came out?  Then  explain why Kubrick never won the Best Director Oscar, yet he is  continually called one of the great filmmakers of the 20th century, along  with such greats as Billy Wilder and Steven Spielberg.
6305750750|5.0|First off, way to go george. This is simply the most eagerly awaited event in the history of film making. There will never be another Star Wars and this saga deserves its place as the foremost example of american culture  there is. These films should go into a time capsule and be burried for 1000  years as our decendants will undoubetly want to relieve this fun  fantasy.<br />This episode does well to capture the feeling and grandeur of  the originals in such a way as to suggest that merely months have gone by  since &quot;A new hope&quot; was on the big screen for the first time. The  story is captivating, and the characters are interesting, yes, even Jar  Jar. Although I too did not really appreciate him until I read the  book.<br />My only complaint, it went too fast, both in story telling speed  and time. 2 hours was hardly enough to satisfy this die hard SW fan who has  been waiting for 17 years to see how it all started. And the story telling,  while true to Lucas' passion for speed, went too quickly from one scene to  another. IMHO<br />All in all, a masterful return to the saga that holds such  a special place in our hearts. Bravo.<br />PS. Its a shoo in for the Oscar in  all the same categories that Star Wars won for.
156224003X|5.0|As one reviewer put it, this book is mistitled.  Anyone struggling with the creative process - visual artists, thespians, writers, etc. - will benefit from the astounding truths in this book.  A clear, straightforward style makes Werner's words so easy to digest, but so far-reaching in terms  of spirituality and art.  Oil painting will never be the same for me, thank  God, now that I see how my ego has interfered with process of &quot;being a  master.&quot;  Kenny Werner is one provocative writer!
B000009QPK|4.0|i like this album. the fact that all of slayer's '80s good songs are on it, and its live, make it a good cd-you will not waste your money on the purchase of it. the only thing i found to be bad was the vocals, not coming  in over the amazing guitar sound.
B00004LN16|5.0|The teenagers of this generation do not know what rock music is all about.<br />In the early 90's (which is when most of them began listening to music) they were exposed to the grunge-influenced, talentless, droning  sounds of the likes of Nirvana, Soundgarden, and the bleached bimbo  Courtney Love. As the grunge movement faded away, the rap/rock movement  soon took its place with bands like Korn, Limp Bizkit, Slipknot, and many  other tasteless bands.<br />In the midst of all these &quot;musicians&quot;  and &quot;bands&quot; lay a dormant rock and roll seed by the name of  AC/DC. After a four year hiatus, that seed woke up and said &quot;What the  hell is going on here? Let's show these folks some REAL rock and  roll!&quot;, and so they did. With the release of their album &quot;Stiff  Upper Lip&quot; amidst the releases of many contemporary rock albums, AC/DC  proved that rock and roll is NOT dead, but is alive and kicking.  <br />Sticking to these virtually unchanged formula of a constant drum beat,  boogie bass, stylin' guitar, and vocals about an octave higher and raspier  than any other human being can achieve, AC/DC's album &quot;Stiff Upper  Lip&quot; sits atop the hill with albums like &quot;Highway to Hell&quot;,  &quot;Back In Black&quot;, and &quot;Powerage&quot;. The boys went out of  their way to once again prove that &quot;If it ain't broke, don't fix  it!&quot;.<br />Sitting here and listening to the album, one can close his or  her eyes and almost picture what it would have been like in a typical 1980s  sleazy rock and roll club. It's true that bands like Buckcherry, Sebastian  Bach, and Electric Frankenstein have come close to capturing this element  of nostalgia in their music, but none of those efforts can compare to those  of AC/DC. AC/DC ARE rock and roll whether the teenagers of this generation  like it or not... I, for one have no cause for complaint!
044022165X|4.0|Indeed, it would have taken many years of studying the meaning of the word Predictable to have come up with something that lacked even more suspense than this book. So why then the four star rating? Simply because this book  just didn't need a large amount of suspense, it succeeds far better as a  drama.<br />One of my biggest &quot;Grisham Gripes&quot; is the manner in  which his style turns everything human and emotional into simply words,  conveying little feeling what-so-ever. You have to employ a lot of  imagination to get around his lack for detail and a lot of patience to get  through his books. <br />The Rainmaker is no exception to those gripes,  however it does have a different appeal to it. Its somewhat riveting to see  a giant corporation get whats coming to it (although I will always agree  the Movie, for once, was better then the book). <br />A young law student with  dreams of fame and opening his own lawfirm winds up with a major lawsuit  against an insurance company. It couldn't have been more simple, Grisham  repeats a formula of this nature seemingly everytime, substituting  insurance agency for whatever subject matter may be necessary. The  Rainmaker having proved the only successful attempt for Grisham at writing  a book worth the money it cost to buy it when you could have simply seen  the movie.
B000002LMK|5.0|Neil Young, in all his incarnations never seems as focused or full tilt as when he and Crazy Horse hit the stage or studio together.  This tour-de-force of feedback, white noise and amp farts is no exception.   Everything gels in some of the most melodic hard rock blasting this side of  nowhere.  Country Home and Mother Earth are simply two of the most  perfectly constructed grunge-fests ever recorded, and sandwiched in between  are eight other delights for any fan of strong-armed guitar rock.  How Neil  can record perfect hard rock like this and follow so shortly with one of  the most beautiful CDs of the 90's (Harvest Moon) is beyond me.  He is  truly a North-American treasure who despite his revered status is hugely  underrated!  Ragged Glory deserves at least 6 stars, buy it now, then snap  up his entire 70's catalogue, you'll be glad you did!
B00003OSSL|2.0|A plane has crashed, and aboard this plan two people were sitting together, each married to two others. Were they lovers? If so, how serious were they? Can we intertwine a couple action sequences that have no  relevance to the movie so the preview looks good?<br />I don't know exactly at  what point Harrison Ford decided his name was worth money, not good acting,  but I am convinced after Six Days, Seven Nights and Random Hearts that not  only is not exerting his talent as he used to, but also he cares less about  how foolish the script is.<br />I miss the old Indiana, or even the good  intentioned Jack Ryan, anything but the stale, out-of-place performance the  consumer recieved from Ford in Random Hearts. <br />I had high hopes in the  beginning, the noble and extreme officer who finds himself a widow and has  to deal with the confusion and regret of an affair mingled amongst tragedy.  Eventually developing into a moldy, mildly interesting at best, romance,  Ford battles bad guys while holding on to questions he can't seem to  answer.<br />I'm very pleased with myself, because I almost paid $6.50 in  theatres to see this movie, hoping for a glimpse of the great Ford.  Instead, I saw his name, but he was nowhere present in the film (at least  not how I remember him). Granted, this is a drama, a romance, a different  type of character than the ones that made Ford famous. However, I simply  think he should never have been cast in this movie, I got severly tired of  seeing the only emotional face he could pull off, that cringed brow  expression he wears non stop. I have no doubt, Ford is not the serious  romantic actor he is now aspiring to be.<br />(I know this is a one-faced  focus on Ford's performance, ignoring all other actors/actresses, but I  felt it was Ford's presence on the front of box that made this movie even  sell at all, therefore he became the focus of this review)
0671042858|4.0|Is it just me folks, or has Stephen King decided to not be scary anymore?  I just read 'Bag of Bones' which had some not-particularly-scary ghosts in it, and now 'The Girl who loved Tom Gordon' which is populated with a few icky moments and the occasional wildlife thrill.  Suspensful, yes.  Frighteningly scary?  Uh...no.  Another thing that kind of bothered me was  the length.  I paid the same for both books, but 'Tom Gordon' is only 200  and some pages thick (if you can call THAT thick).  'Bag of Bones' is  around triple the length.  I read this one in a single afternoon.  All that  aside, for what it is, it really IS a well crafted novel(?) of what its  like to be a little girl lost in the deep wilderness without any woods  knowledge and only her walkman for company.  It really is despairing to  read about how everything gets worse and worse as time goes on, and the  parts where she is stalked are genuine page-turners.  Just keep in mind if  you're looking for the 'old' Stephen King, 'Carrie' this isn't.
B00000IMCW|5.0|Could a single scene in a movie be captured as terrificly as that one? Its hard to compete with Romero's brilliant Dead series, and on DVD its practically impossible to match this cornerstone of horror supremecy.<br />Few  Horror movies can outlive the Dead series, and even fewer will be  remembered as Romero will always be. Not only does he relay his story in  graphic detail, but he goes even further and develops his characters  intricately and with a superb directorial eye.<br />I think this DVD purchase  is one of the best in my collections, and I find that I watch it at least  once a week. Or rather, I watch certain memorable scenes that I doubt will  ever disappear from my memory.
B000000QFV|2.0|'Tyr' followed hot on the heels of 'Headless Cross'. Unfortunately, 'Tyr' also became the next step down on Black Sabbath's fall from hard rock grace. This, like 'Headless Cross', is a concept album effort in the sense  that it has as an archaic religious / mythological storytelling  undercurrent in it.      'Anno Mundi' opens the album and, to be fair to  it, does an adequate job in terms of its power. There's no speed metal or  catchy guitar hooks present here but the song is saved by strong vocal  input. 'The Lawmaker' tries to pass as neo-Sabbath fast rocking but can't.  Fortunately 'Jerusalem' comes along just in time to keep the now-anxious  listener from trying to put the CD back in its cellophane with ideas of  going for the refund with the 'sorry...it was the wrong one for him/her  (delete as applicable)' excuse. Even so, the second-rate 'Jerusalem' and  the slightly weaker power-trudger 'The Sabbath Stones' can't save the album  from what follows after them. <br />   No, quickie 'The Battle of Tyr' is an  innocent  accomplice to 'Odin's Court' and 'Valhalla'. Listen carefully for  this is the sound of a band treading quicksand. If it wasn't for the pretty  warmth of the power ballad 'Feels Good To Me' (a weaker 'No Stranger To  Love') or the long, guitar-driven assault of speed metal original 'Heaven  In Black', you'd be left wondering how many tabs of LSD you'd have to lick  to become the head of a record label. 'Tyr' isn't for casual fans and it  isn't for hardcore fans, either. The only way to acquire it (according to a  theory I have) is to either stumble upon it accidentally or to NEED it to  fill in the LAST gaps of your VERY NEARLY COMPLETE Sab collection. Just be  sure that you don't find yourself in that first situation. It hurts to  write this way about Black Sabbath but whether it hurts more than it must  have hurt them to have been caught playing that way is an open-ended  question. Has Iommi ever spoken openly about this album? I have yet to find  the evidence.....
B0000399WI|2.0|First off let me state this is my friends favorite all-time movie. I had such high expectations but feel I was let down. Slow moving, felt like the movie was &quot;floating&quot;. The acting was well-done. but moving it  wasn't. O well to each his own. I am a comedy/horror fan. I enjoyed Morgan  Freeman in &quot;SEVEN&quot;.
6302969352|5.0|I think every action hero EVER owes this film in spades. But while action heros these days are the likes of Bruce Willis (who's made an intelligent turn a few times, as of this writing) and Casper Van Dien (UGH), this film  exudes intelligence.<br />Late in the film, one of the great lines of cinema  is uttered between Toshiro Mifune and (I believe) Takashi  Shimura...:<br />(Kikuchiyo (Mifune) is thrusting a pile of swords into a dirt  mound)<br />Kambei Shimada (Shimura): Why do you have so many  swords?<br />Kikuchiyo: Because I must kill many...!<br />This, of course, shows  the human frailty and bloodlust of a single person, all in one line. Mind  you, there's an exceptionally good reason that Kikuchiyo is so upset, but I  won't dare ruin it...For those that love a good movie, you should be  walking out the door as you read this to pick it up...
6304698542|5.0|Cabaret is a great, intelligent musical, directed with a terrific sense of style and haunting imagery. The backdrop of decadent Berlin in the early days of Hitler's Third Reich sets the tone for this realistic film that  would only disappoint those hoping for a &quot;feel-good&quot; musical. In  fact, this is more drama perhaps than musical, as the musical numbers are  non-intrusive and complement the story on the sidelines as the film  progresses. The songs themselves are some of the best ever written,  representing not only great music to hum along with but lyrics that are  deeply ironic and poignant. In my opinion, this movie contains one of the  best musical scenes in film history. It's when a young teenage blue-eyed  blond German boy starts singing the unforgetable &quot;Tommorow Belongs To  Me,&quot; a nazi hymn that slowly builds enthusiasm among a crowd of German  on-lookers at an outdoor gathering in the countryside. The Germans sitting  on benches slowly arise to sing along, each chorus becoming more menacing  and devoted to their cause. The central story line is of Sally Bowes, of  course, and Liza Manilli is great. Her singing voice is actually almost too  good for the role of an ambitious but only tepidly successful showgirl. The  DVD version is great, but one negative point. The sound quality isn't  particularly outstanding, and hi-fi lovers may wind up a bit disappointed  with the flatness of the audio.
B00000064G|5.0|Greatest? Dunno...Heaviest/Most Powerful? Yes!  A good soundtrack for those suicidal moods--though it's safe to listen to cause you're gonna wanna stay alive to play it again!  I'm happy that the VW commercial is  introducing his music to a wider audience. What a sureal experience to hear  &quot;Pink Moon&quot; during a pro football broadcast--with all that  passive/aggressive apocalyptic imagery.  Final Verdict: One of The  greatest(and earliest), late-night, headphone, curl up into a fetal postion  and revisit-the-womb records every made!
076781326X|5.0|The Magic of DVD technology makes Oliver! an incredible new experience. I've seen Oliver! on TV and video more than a dozen times, but this re-mastered digital verson of a 1960s movie brings the movie back to the  way it must have been first seen in theaters--quite possibly even better!  The colors are rich, the clarity amazingly sharp, and the letterbox version  exposes so many things off to the far sides of the screen that have never  been seen since its theatrical premier. The dance numbers are particularly  great with the letterbox version, as the pan and scan version cuts off many  cast members during the bigger production numbers. This movie is a grand  entertainment that will be cherished forever by musical lovers and those  with a pashion for Dickens and for the human heart. And now that it is  available on DVD, it just got a whole lot better. Truly one of the best  experiences I've had at the movies, and with digital TV. It's a dramatic  music with tunes that you'll be humming for weeks and characters you'll  never forget. The songs complement and move the story forward in almost  every sequence; It's extremely well done.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot(consisting of 9 members)uses all of the members skills to their full power,and I think thats what makes them better than the rest.How can I describe their music? Well I would like to think of it as heavy metal mixed  with a harmonic voice(most of the time its screaming)&amp; turntables. The  cover itself is cool. The fact they give you lyrics to understand the song  (maybe even sing along,hahaha) makes the CD even better. When I listen to  Slipknot it makes me want to jump into a moshpit. All in all, I wish there  were more bands like Slipknot.
B000005J56|5.0|The Buena Vista Social Club album moved my feelings about music. I saw the video as well, and I can listen to the cd everyday. I am trying to learn some of the songs in guitar, but if you're thinking on whether to get this  title or not...YOU SHOULD REALLY HAVE IT!
0671027344|5.0|I saw a comercial for this book on Mtv and thought it looked interesting.  I read it right after I finished &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; which I loved, and imediatly felt the same about this book as I did with  &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot;.  I made think about life after I was done,  which is corny, but it did.  I like to read books like this and have run  across books that are good, but don't make me think the way this book did.   I have read this book many times since I first read it a year ago, I it  makes me feel the same way every time.
B000002U9L|5.0|But my sister and I rented it ALL THE TIME.  It's such great music.  And so happy too!   I had to babysit these kids the other day, and I brought over Labyrinth.  They loved it so much, and the little girl said,  &quot;He's a good singer.&quot;  This was right after we had watched the  SPICE GIRLS movie.  I just have to say that good music will prevail, and  long after the spice girls are considered SO passe, this cd will STILL be  REALLY COOL.  BUY THIS CD IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Wow! To think that Santana played at the Woodstock Festival way back in 1969 as an accomplished artist, be out of the major music scene for so long, and then pull off this record. Carlos Santana is now officially a  rock legend in my opinion. Not many musicians have ever been able to invite  so many generas to one record with success. But Santana did, and with  overwhelming success to boot. All of the tracks reflect his latin  background to some degree which I like. It's true that there are some  tracks on here that I enjoy more than others but they all are fantastic  musical compositions. I think Rob Thomas is a great vocalist, but I didn't  realize this until I heard him on &quot;Smooth&quot;. Everlast and  Eagle-Eye Cherry also did a fantastic job on &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot;  and &quot;Wishing It Was&quot;. My hat is off to you Carlos Santana for  putting together and being successful with such a large and difficult  undertaking, one that I will cherish for a long time.
B000001E3L|5.0|All those who have seen Van in concert comment continuously on his hit-or-miss stage presence and performances. Sometimes sulky and withdrawn, Van fans are always wondering, &quot;how will he be tonight.&quot; Yet  other times, Van invites the audience into his world to sit and enjoy the  touching and significant lyrics sung with his achingly beautiful voice.  If  you are not willing to take the chance on one of Van's live performances,  buy &quot;A Night in San Francisco.&quot;  From the beginning &quot;Did you  get healed&quot; whips up the audience and keeps them hungry for more. And  Van, along with a variety of supporting singers, obliges.
B000000OPU|5.0|Being a child of the 80's, I am biased. However, I think most people would agree that this record is one that will stand the test of time with real music lovers. Gabriel put his eternal stamp on music culture with  &quot;So&quot;. It is a collection of music that I can listen to again and  again. He re-invents musical tapestry that intrigues the mind, sooths the  soul, and ultimately leaves you a different person. The 1980's decade was  filled with formula music and bands. Peter Gabriel took it all and dumped  it into the trash can. In doing so he created an icon for me personally,  one that helped define this time of personal, social and cultural change.
0767819446|5.0|Not much of the big bucks  CGI, just a good story great acting and suspense. In other words, the way films are supposed to be before they substitutes brainless special effects for plot, acting and directing  talent. Great movie. I did not know what to expect but took a chance, LOVED  IT.
630575067X|5.0|Well, what can i say, this was absolutly the best film i have ever seen, and it is hard to wait another month to get it.  But, i think that the people who say they don't like it have no idea what they're talking about.   the only thing they can do is pick apart a well done movie, and point out  all the things wrong with it.  I think (just like TITANIC) it is becoming  &quot;cool&quot; to say you don't like the movie.  I also think even after  waiting 16 years for antoher movie, people think Lucas owes them a lot.  He  OWES YOU NOTHING, and i take pity on the people who think he does.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I never heard of Creed before I heard Higher on the radio.  I thought it was a catchy song, so I did some research, and eventually bought the CD.  THIS CD IS FOR ANYONE WHO LIKES GOOD GUITAR RIFFS AND/OR SONGS WITH  MEANING- bar none. After all- isn't that what makes a good band?  I have  since bought Creed's other CD, and I like it a lot, but not quite as much  as this one.  My favorite bands are Pink Floyd and Metallica, and I think  Creed is a good mix of both.  I hope this helps...
B000005JA8|3.0|Endless jagged lines of screwed monotony,harped up by occasional hooks spliterring with half-greatness tip-offing to overall musical impressiveness &amp; ability.Lyrics running,hiding,reappearing with the  Captain,no,his dark long-haired peeled limb pointing,standing  sideways,colors going,meaning,substances,weirdness,air playfulness  childlike unique comparison world night time clay.Scattered pieces juggled  mindrops collapsing tornado whirls clanging pots teaspoons gravel  fair-beautiful,manic,thunder.All hail the Captain.My rating for this is 3  &amp; a half stars.
B000002KAG|5.0|The vocals are disjointed, the levels are off, and the songs are generally way too fast.  But it doesn't matter, and you won't care! This is the most raw Grateful Dead you will ever hear. Golden Road is a jolly good time,  Minglewood and Beat it on Down the Line have got the fury, and Morning Dew  and Viola Lee are the Dead we all know and love.
B000003S2O|5.0|On Land may not be as achingly beautiful as Plateau of Mirrors or as soothing as Airports but for my money it's the best of the four Ambient records.  Why?  Because it manages to be the most atmospheric, evocative  and spacious while simulataenously being the most unobtrusive. I am a  writer and I have never come across (and believe me I've looked!) a more  stimulating record to work to, with the possible exception of a carefully  programmed Aphex Twin, Selected Ambient Works Vol 2.  On Land's closing  three tracks are especially beautiful - haunting, widescreen, subtly  melodious affairs that get under your skin and fill your mind with images  of of lonely horizons, windswept hillsides, or whatever your idea of beauty  is.   The closing, quietly epic, Dunwich Beach is Eno's most dramatic,  affecting work. It leaves you thrilled and awed by its desolate sense of  space and yet somehow reassured, calmed.  Plus you can hear it a hundred  times a day without tiring of it!
6300263673|5.0|Yes I am a psycho, and yes I love this movie! It is THE BEST thing since sliced bread...and pizza. It reminds me of the good ol' days when I looked Jennifer Grey. I miss those days. And for awhile I even looked Patrick  Swayze. But now, I just look like Neil. Watch this movie because it's  really good and you'll just want get up and D-A-N-C-E...dance!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Battle Of Los Angeles one of the best albums of the 90's. With Zack De la Rocha's lyrics sounding off with ferocity, and Tom Morello's guitar making some the most asstounding sounds ever produced by a guitar, it is the  recipe for classic. De la Rocha's plitical views ring true on tracks like  &quot;Maria&quot; and &quot;Geurilla Radio&quot;. And Morello's guitar  making scrates and other sounds on &quot;Calm Like A Bomb&quot; and  &quot;Mic Check&quot;. But,you can't give the credit entirely to De la  Rocha and Morello, drummer Brad Wilk and Bassist Tim &quot;Y Tim K&quot;  Cummford being the rythem section do their job with astonishing talent. But  I think it all takes a back seat to De la Rocha's raging lyrics and  Morello's guitar. This album will be forever remembered. I think we can all  think back and smile fondly on the 1990's, and hopefully the years to come,  and say &quot;Ah, yes Rage Aginst The Machine and Battle Of Los  Angeles.&quot;
B00001OH1S|2.0|Liked the movie so I wanted to get the soundtrack, BUT it doesn't play well for me as a regular listenable CD: relatively short (38min CD) and Sinnerman is the WHOLE song (you'll hear &quot;POWER&quot; more than you  wish for! I dare you to count! The snippets in the movie are easier to  take). Conti's instrumentals are lumped at the end and run short and  repetitive. Can't say I listen to this much, but have been thinking of just  taping the parts I like. :(
B000002TWN|4.0|R&amp;B singers in need of a Teddy Riley or Babyface are put to shame here by the one-man-band-Prince-in-the-making D'Angelo.  With his sultry voice gliding over every cut while nursing his smoky organ, D'Angelo emerges as  one of the very few relying on the old school to create the new school,  staying away from rickety drum machines &amp; cheesy keyboard effects.  His  influences are obvious; but what makes this record so refreshing is that he  uses his influences to help create his own vision instead of just emulating  his heroes.  &quot;Cruisin&quot;, with it's never-ending chorus and sublte  violins, is something you'd expect to hear on one of Stevie Wonder's  'super' albums.  &quot;Jonz In My Bonz&quot; sounds like a wonderful  omission from Prince's &quot;Sign 'O' The Times&quot;.  Every other song  sounds as if D'Angelo is channeling Curtis Mayfield &amp; Marvin Gaye all  at once.<br />Every song on this album works wonders, D'Angelo has a wonderful  falsetto and his organ playing wavers from funk to jazz with ease.  Hearing  this album is a great example that now is a good time to be alive.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I have had this CD for 6 months now and it still gives me that feeling of when you hear music you like for the first time. These guys are unique, which isn't a bad thing as you will see. Their music is top, although a few  tracks need not be there. Even so, the pros heavily outway the cons...BUY  IT ASAP
B000000WJZ|5.0|Im alive today because of this album...enough said....when i first heard the pumpkins it was like nothing ive ever heard before..what an amazing album if u never bought it do your soul and your ears a hugh favor...and  get it! ..u havent lived unless youve heard this album! ..and you'll never  ever get tired of it..a timeless classic for sure..my no 1 choice for album  of the 90's...
B000021Y77|5.0|I went out and bought this movie without seeing hoping I would like it and i was blown away! Great Movie! Good acting, Great story, and wonderful direction. This is a must buy movie! Surely one you can watch overand over.
6305657947|4.0|manymanymany people have told me,&quot;Thomas Crown Affair wasn't very good, there was no killing, or big explosions, what were they thinking when they made a movie without that! &quot; iam the biggest bond fan in the  world, and the character bond has it's ups and it's downs, a major down is  , once your bond, your always bond.  Pierce Brosnan can't do a nonbond  movie without everyone thinking he's bond.  NO Thomas Crown Affair wasn't  packed full of stunts and explosions and catch phrashes, but it was an  extremely smart, and a great movie. Brosnan was in Mrs. Doubtfire before  bond REMEMBER: Brosnan is not Bond there is a difference.
0385424736|5.0|I really liked this book.  Even though it was really long it was exciting.  I liked it when Rudy would help Kelly and Mrs. Birdie.  It would have been hard to be a first time lawyer with a hard insurance case that could be  worth millions of dollars.  You should read the book it is good, I  reccommend it.
B000002C25|4.0|I must agree that this is not Oasis's best album to date. The songs do have a slight element of the Beatles but if you listen carefully to their past albums and this,you might notice that they indeed have their own style  of rock. I would listen to oasis anyday instead of some talentless boy  group(I would'nt call them a band)created by some record company to rip the  cash off some 15 year old teen. Heck, oasis may have borrowed some of the  tunes from other legendary bands ,but those boy groups shameless take  somebody's work  ,screw it and call it a cover. Now that's a MAJOR turn  off. If not for bands like Oasis i would be condemned to a life of mindless  music sang by some &quot;good looking&quot; ,talentless youth. Lastly, for  all those reviewers below ,i must say ,you guys DO have taste in music, but  remember we are in the minority.
052594527X|4.0|Very good!very detailed you feelas if you are the girl in the book!
0790742780|5.0|This is one hilarious movie.  It gives new meaning  to the word melodrama.  I could not stop laughing.  Anyone looking for a good laugh at a crazy's expense should definitely check this out.  5 Stars!
B00000FYPB|5.0|I noticed that one reviewer felt Barry Lyndon was unsuccessful as a film because he thought Kubrick should have chosen a more regal personna for the lead character. He felt Napolean would have made a better subject for the  drama! This is ludicrous, it goes against both the intention of the film  and of Kubrick himself. The very drama that makes the film interesting--  and compelling-- is based upon the concept of a humble and not-too- worldly  Irishman who rises to extraodinary heights by taking advantage of a series  of unusual  circumstances that place themselves before him.  In turn, his  eventual fall from grace provides the film with the kind of intense emotion  that transcends his humble origins. Replacing Barry Lyndon with Napolean or  any other historical figure would not in itself make Barry Lyndon a better  film, I believe the fim's success lies in the extraordinary events that  take place in a rather ordinary man's life. With the superb camera work,  marvelous period settings, breathtaking scenery and costumes, and music of  the period, the viewer is transfixed, given a glimpse into the excesses of  the 18th century in a way that no film since has been able to do. Who needs  Napolean?
B000002JNN|5.0|From 'Thunderstruck' to 'If You Dare' another great AC/DC album.Classic 90's rock.
B00000IBRX|1.0|Ugh, another example of Hollywood's ineptitude at capturing the soul of a beautiful story...<br />Even if not compared to the book this movie is supposed to be based on (by the way, the movie seems only to have borrowed  the title and names of the characters from the book, nothing else), this  film lacks ANY oomph.  Once again, Hollywood compensates for a poor story  line by over doing the special effects.  The characters remain  two-dimensional throughought the film...the only thing mezmerizing about it  is the fact that Williams was able to stay awake to play his  role.<br />Contrived, shallow and thoroughly disappointing, whether you  compare it to the novel or not.
B00004LN16|5.0|This guys knows how to make a rock album.Nothing has changed for 25 years.Rock'n roll continues with a great album from the masters.Rock'n roll  ain't a noise pollution.AC/DC shows it one more time to everyone on this  world.
B00004LN16|4.0|Rock on AC/DC!  This is the kinda album I've been waiting for a long time. Probably their best album since Back in Black. Stiff Upper Lip and Can't Stop Rock N' Roll are the best songs on the CD, Satellite Blues is third.  If you're a rock n roll fan, this is an album to pick up.
B000002JS6|5.0|It was a fast machine,t kept her motor clean,It was the best album I've ever seen.
0688014291|5.0|A measurement of a good leader is ability to develop other leaders, not followers.  In today's world, many new supervisors are thrust into a &quot;baptism by fire&quot; management environment.  I found this book to  be an easy to read guide that arms newcomers to management with the basic  tools for building worker relationships and getting the best out of their  staffs.  As a result, their efforts are guided into decisions that generate  increasingly positive outcomes in uncomfortable situations.  Self  confidence builds and leadership/management styles improve.  <br />I have made  it a habit during my welcome interviews to provide each new management  employee with a copy of &quot;The One Minute Manager&quot;.  We all enjoy  the benefits!
0684833395|5.0|<br />I read this book twice this year, upon purchase from my college book store. It has become my favorite book since, and my &quot;guide&quot; and companion. I have read critical essays on this book, and have had time to  contemplate it. Yes, I agree that the book is &quot;anti-war&quot; and at  times, &quot;incoherent.&quot;&lt;/p&gt; <br /> However, it wasn't so much  &quot;anti-war&quot; as it was anti-establishment.(Many of the readers will  recall the unforgettable villains such as--many of them, caricatures  representing the inherent flaws of the war establishment-- Milo  Minderbinder, Generals Peckem and Scheisskopf, Lt. Col Korn, Col. Cathcart,  Capt. Black , ex-PFC Wintergreen, Cpl Whitcomb.) And if it had been  &quot;incoherent&quot; and &quot;disorganized,&quot; it was because the  author had deliberately planned the story to capture the absurdity and  irrational logic of the establishment. In the midst of the corrupt and at  times, inept corporate/military machine is our hero, Yossarian, and his  squadronmates who are pitted in a struggle against the horror of war, and  their own self-serving superiors and bureaucrats and an entrepreneur whose  only collective interest is to enlarge their fold at the expense of human  lives.&lt;/p&gt; <br /> Unlike many other books that have clumsily tried to  emulate its inimitable style since its publication,--Winston Groom's  FORREST GUMP comes to my mind--CATCH-22 balances exceptional hillarity   with a biting warning against the absurd totalian logic of the system we  often take for granted.&lt;/p&gt; <br />Moreover, it gives us hope through  Yossarian's--and perhaps, Orr's--final triumph against the  Milo-Cathcart-Korn-Wintergreen Axis when they tried to subvert him in his  weakest moment. Where George Orwell depressed his readers with the  capitulation of Winston Smith to Big Brother/O'Brien in his 1984, Heller's  main message in the book --that one can triumph against the establishment  if he has the courage--offered me hopes.&lt;/p&gt; <br />That is why it will  always remain my favorite book. I cannot praise this companion/guide  enough. (Novelist and former Secretary of the Navy, James Webb called this  book his &quot;soulmate&quot; on the battlefields of Vietnam.) But I will  say this. That if there been a rating scale of 10 stars, then I will give  it 10 stars+.&lt;/p&gt;
B00003CXAR|5.0|Without a doubt, JAWS is one of the best movies ever made.  It has been my absolute favorite movie for over 20 years.  Sure the shark may have looked a little unrealistic, but technolgy in 1975 was not as sophiticated as it  is today.  With a dramatic score by John Williams, a great story by Peter  Benchley, great actors and the BEST director of the century, JAWS should be  at the top of everyone's DVD wish list (hint, hint)
B000031XCR|5.0|Wow, I bought the Asian edition of this CD because I live in Singapore. I just love the new songs especially TTWII. Wonderful and superb in sound and emotions. Cline Dion has yet again proven herself the most celebrated  singer of our time, truly a gift from Good God!  Just like she said when  she was young, everyone has &quot;la voic du bon Dieu&quot;. :o) btw, if  you are interested in buying the Asian edition of this CD, I will be most  glad to help you buy at the price of US$12.00, I am charging only US$2 for  my effort. Mail me to find out about shipping, closing date is 31st March  2000.
0345409671|5.0|Long have I asked the questions that this book asks about the true agenda of God &amp; religion.  I have always related to Lestat, but now I can relate well to Memnoch.  His quarrel with God has driven him to a madness  almost.  He is so set in his mission to prove God wrong that he's become  more like Him.  Is the book long?  Yes.  Did I myself find it boring?  No.   There are 3 or 4 dry spots, and then Anne gets my interest right away.  If  you're looking for the meloncholy vampires from Anne's other books, than  you probably won't enjoy this installment.  If you're looking for a  philosophical look at religion &amp; the struggle of the human soul, than  Please read this book.  It may not answer my questions about religion &amp;  life, but at least I'm not the only one out there asking these questions.
B000001FXT|5.0|This album reflects Bob's political stance, and is full of emotion! By far the best bob album ever! If you are new to Bob, i would start with Survival. A little less raw than previous albums, but no less powerful.
0385471483|5.0|Cuando empece a leer esta novela, no pense en lo que se trataba. Sabia que era famosoa y que gano muchisimo premios, pero la foto en la portada me asusto, no sabia si era un libro tan romantico que no podia leer.. me equivioque o mejor dicho lei todo en un ratito. ME ENCANTO MUCHISIMO.  Aunque hay algunas partes increibles, este libro tiene ideas y muestra la  mujer en la manera en que ella existia por mucho tiempo. Lo voy a usar para  mi proyecto en ingles, aunque lo lei en espanol. no se muy dificil tampoco.  Llevo 5 aos ne espanol, y comprendi todo!  Ese fue el primer  libro que he completado en espanol, y ma hace querer leer mas y mas.  LEANLO!
6305657947|5.0|Smart, charming movie with plenty of wonderful twists and turns.  The love scenes were steamy, but tastefully done (by today's standards at least).  The pace never bored me.  Grown-up dialog that did not have to resort to  vulgarity to stress a point or attempt to buy-in to &quot;realistic  talk.&quot;  After watching the rental DVD of this movie we went out and  bought a copy for ourselves.
630521610X|1.0|This movie was very horrible, what a suspense ! With excellent characters and memorable plot, I mean with this fisherman who wants to kill everybody with a fish-hook. Oups ! I made a mistake it was in I will always know what  you did last summer for 20 years. But it doesn't matter, this is the same  kind of movie with murders of teenagers with a lot of humor (involuntary  humor). This movie was perhaps marvellous (for some people) when it was  released, but in 2 or 3 years, I don't think that we will know what they  did last summer. Don't worry !, you could enjoy at this time Friday the  13th part 20 with a similar plot. Evil never die ! (like money-makers).
B00000JJQK|5.0|Most young today people associate The Beach Boys music with surfing,cars,chicks and fun,fun,fun.Thus when the songs,Wouldn't It Be Nice,Sloop John B,and God Only Knows are recycled for the umpteenth time on  a compilation album,it's easy to overlook the wonderful production,as well  as the depth of its parent album Pet Sounds.Since it set the standard for  albums for the last 34 years,most seemed lost on its impact.But when you  truly listen and get inside these songs that you really experience the  beauty of this album.The aforementioned themes are replaced with songs of  introspection and more adult themes.Brian Wilson's need to compete with The  Beatles turned into burning creativity as he recorded Pet Sounds with  meticulous attention to detail.Using some of Phil Spector's Wrecking Crew  as well as the famed Wall Of Sound technique,the albums complexity was  nothing short of amazing.Songs like That's Not Me,Here Today and Caroline  No display both beauty and sadness in their own unique way.Wouldn't It Be  Nice, God Only Knows,and Waiting for the Day are rays of light that seems  on the brink of turning into dashed dreams.The Beach Boys harmonies are  flawless though since Brian sings most of the leads,you'd almost think  they're guest stars on their own album.Even for all its accolades,Pet  Sounds was deemed a failure back in '66(due to the general publics as well  as Capitol Records inability to understand and embrace the record)But over  the years it has left the other Beach Boys albums in the dust,as well as  accorded its own boxed set.In '66 it seemed way ahead of its time,nowadays  it just exist outside of time.
B000000OSW|5.0|anytime a musician of gabriel's caliber digs deep within himself to conjour up painful emotions, a great album comes of it. US, is no different. it is gabriel's best, and most moving recording yet, and has the  power to move the listener to tears. SO is an introspective look at  gabriel's failed relationships with lovers, and his daughters. give it a  chance to grow on you, and it won't dissapoint.
B000023VR9|5.0|Yo Yo Yo, Dis is Da tightest CD out. You got 'cha Eminem, a little Snoop Dogg, Xibit. Man if yall don't Buy Dis CD yall just don't got good taste. Also Highly Recommended, BF Magee's Junk Mail, featuring the hit single BF  Rap and innocent concsionce
B00000J7J4|3.0|this album would have been much better had it not been for eagle eye cherry, lauryn hill, wyclef john, and everlast ruining about half of the album. carlos is a great guitarist, so why in the hell is he playing  hip-hop?  dave matthews comes in for a great performance on &quot;love of  my life&quot;. although i think it has been played to death on the radio,  &quot;smooth&quot;, was actually a good song at one time. all in all, not a  must have, but a fair album.
078322706X|5.0|I am delighted that there are so many intense and sincere people out there that had the brains and sincerity to enjoy a film of such integrity. Aside from the fantasy, this movie is one to lose yourself in. The musical score  is one of the finest ever recorded, and matches the scenes perfectly. Be  warned, I did not like this film the first time that I watched it (that is  because I was messing around the house and not paying real attention) When  I finally did sit down and watch and listen, I had 3 hours of intense  pleasure. I have watched this film now no less than 30 times, and every  time that I watch it, I find something more to enjoy.  Both of the scenes  with the Island woman are fantastic! and bear a true realization of life  and love. I think that to miss this film is the same as missing other  greats such as Dances With Wolves, Braveheart
B000000OPU|5.0|this is the kind of album that shines a bright light on the 80's. not throw-away stuff like flock of seagulls, or richard marx. peter gabriel goes mainstream, but still sticks to his prog roots on such songs as  &quot;red rain&quot; and &quot;mercy street&quot;. SO, would be at the top  of my list for the best 80's albums. one of my all-time fave songs &quot;in  your eyes&quot; would alone make this album worth the purchase. that is  just one of many great songs, on a great album in SO.
068815333X|5.0|Prayers for Rain was my first Dennis Lehane book and it won't be the last. I am surprised that Lehane has not received wider acclaim. If you enjoy pyschological thrillers and the ride on which they can take you then DON'T MISS THIS ONE!
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr Dre 2001 shows us the intellectual musical talent of Dr. Dre.  Here is an artist that has mastered his craft.  The beats: cosmic; the rhymes: tight; the quality of production: A class; lyrical content: laser sharp.   Dr Dre defines his own style of how he presents his music.  <br />As I write  this, 'The Watcher' is bumpin' on my system.  This track pleases the brain  with a beat which brings one into a cosmic trance: pure musical mastery.   The way Dr. Dre raps on 'The Watcher' is as smooth as silk, very tight  flows I may add.  Dre and Snoop rock it on 'Still D.R.E.' along with  another perfect beat (which is expected from the master).  'Bang Bang' has  another cosmic beat, totally jamming chorus.  Skits like 'The Car Bomb' are  the slammin.  Every track is sequenced seamlessly and the album flows with  precision.<br />I got mad love for you Dr. Dre and when I hear you I feel you.   Every one must experience the music of Dr. Dre.  One Love.
B00000J2KX|5.0|First, a special message to all the fools who are chastising the DVD video for being full-frame and the sound for being mono.  If you folks had the SLIGHTEST clue, you would be aware that THIS IS HOW KUBRICK WANTED HIS  MOVIES TO BE RELEASED!  In theatres, The Shining was matted to 1:78 to 1, I  believe, so the home video actually shows MORE of the screen than you've  seen in the theatre.  Full Metal Jacket was the same way - have any of you  complainers ever seen a widescreen version of that? Duh!  <br />As for the  movie itself, what can you say?  It's one of the best horror flicks of all  time, and the only people who hate it are usually those who are unable to  THINK.  With every repeat viewing, you can find some new food for thought.   For example, when Jack yells at Wendy for breaking his concentration, after  she walks away you'll notice that he suddenly starts typing on a new piece  of paper which he DIDN'T put in the typewriter.  Is this a blooper? With  well-known-perfectionist Kubrick, I doubt it...seems to me like the hotel  is giving him paper! And when Scatman Crothers and Wendy are touring the  kitchen, how come Wendy is leading the way, even though she's never been  there?  Watch the scene and you'll see what I mean.  <br />The steadycam  shots, and the camera angles in general, especially the one where the  camera is looking UP at Nicholson in the storage room, are incredible -  it's plain to see that Kubrick was a genius.<br />As for the DVD, the print  used is pretty worn, with reel-change marks, hairs, and who knows what  else, but it's still better than the videotape.  To me, The Shining always  had a grainy, old-looking appearance which is part of it's charm - but the  film (hell, ALL of his films) is due for a full restoration.<br />The only  extra on the DVD is Vivian Kubrick's documentary, which is a treasure and  well worth the price of the DVD alone...the only other extra I could have  asked for is the original theatrical ending, which isprobably  long-gone.<br />A must-have!
B000002UCQ|5.0|This is one of those albums that you pick up out of interest and find after a few listens (it's a grower) that you own a classic album that surely should be up there with Dylan's Blood On The Tracks, Abbey Road and  Revolver by George and some other blokes, Avalon Sunset, Automatic For The  People and whatever other more predictable selections consistently end up  in the top hundred in any given music mag at the end of any given  year/decade/century. One can only assume that the reason it never features  is that no-one really knows about it, or that people are put off listening  to it by the occasional 'God' reference.  (Don't worry about these - they  don't swamp or spoil the album - it's just personal statement and it  doesn't hurt.) All Things Must Pass has for some time now been the pride of  my record / CD collection(now there's a commitment) - and I have most of  the ones from the 'Yet Another Top Hundred Of All Time' list.  For me, this  simply has the jump on everything. A magnificent octopus. It's  simultaneously moving, relaxing, invigorating, dreamy, fun, funny,  accusing, forgiving, caring, firey and sometimes brimstoney too.   The  current CD release has two flaws: firstly, the album does need remastering  and; secondly, one has to listen to it bearing in mind the fact that it was  originally released on 3 LPs.  In that format one had the pleasure of two  fantastic LPs and a bonus LP featuring less serious guitar jams.  This was  in fact formerly labelled as a seperate piece - namely 'Apple Jam'  (geddit?)- and arranged over 2 CDs it is drawn too much into the rest of  the album and detracts from the impact of the songs on what were at one  time the first two records. I can only advise that you use your current box  of tricks to programme out the last 5 tracks on CD 2 so that you can listen  to them after a coffee break or something.   As far as the tracks  themselves go, I love them all, but I would especially pick out 'I'd Have  You Any Time', 'Wah Wah', 'Run Of The Mill', 'Let It Roll (The Ballad Of  Sir Frankie Crisp) and the stunning title track. The sidelining of George  in the Beatles songwriting stakes is another mystery altogether, and one  that is becoming steadily more tiresome to read the various revisions of as  they are invariably tucked into the opening paragraph of any mention of his  work (Note that I mention it only at the end, and will not even stoop to  this in future.  Please accept my apologies).  This album renders all  doubts farcical, if you ever could doubt the man who wrote Don't Bother Me,  I Need You, Think For Yourself, If I Needed Someone, Taxman, Love You To,  The Inner Light, Within Without You, Wonderwall, It's All Too Much, While  My Guitar Gently Weeps, Long Long Long, Something, Here Comes The Sun,  Photograph, Dark Horse.............etc
0316920045|5.0|How is it that one novel can cause half its readers to put ZERO STARS - I HATE THIS BOOK and the other half to write I WISH I HAD 100 STARS TO GIVE?  I am, obviously, in the second category.  I found a copy in an outlet bookstore for 6 bucks and thought, &quot;What the hell?&quot;  Since I am a  literature student and already have to read 3-4 novels a week, it took me  months to finish, but now that it's over, I am genuinely sad.  The entire  time I was reading it, I felt like my life had another dimension that was  going on while I attended my university classes, saw friends, etc.   Everyone I spoke to knows a couple of the plotlines of Infinite Jest  because that's all I could talk about.  <br />So many of the readers who did  not love this book from deep in their hearts (as I do) want to compare and  categorize and throw off Wallace as being pretentious.  How sad!  Unlike  pretentious referential authors like Joyce, everything you need to  understand Infinite Jest is there on the page.  Sure, maybe it helps if you  have some basic knowledge of theoretical physics and mathematics, but any  reading on any topic requires a different level of previous experience, and  that experience is not even necessary to enjoy the beautiful, sensitive,  funny, HUMAN stories in IJ.  This is not a cold scientific something --  this is pure human compassion and frustration and reminds me of what it  means to be an American at the turn of the new century.  (This is, of  course, to say nothing of Wallace's prose, which sends me, as a writer,  into alternating fits of jealousy and lust.)<br />I'm not trying to sell this  book to all people everywhere -- it is a fact that most people over a  certain age will find this book philosophically and structurally  incomprehensible.  I am 20 years old, and this kind of writing and the  themes it deals with are closer and more real to me than hundreds of years  of historical fiction.  Having grown up in an age when entertainment is  fast and hardand omnipresent (a fact which, like Wallace, I am slow to  comdemn harshly), a novel like this reaffirms my belief in the medium.  We  haven't outgrown our literary past, and, much as films are becoming less  linear (making less sense to the old and so much more to the young -- see  &quot;Magnolia&quot;), the novel itself is learning, through authors like  Wallace, to become the new animal that the upcoming generation needs to  allow the medium to survive.  The old avant-garde is tired now and needs to  be put to bed.<br />Thank God for David Foster Wallace.  Its because of him  that I haven't quit writing yet.
0871137380|5.0|A terrific account of a tragic episode - very readable despite the high level of detail.  As best as words in a book can describe, the reader re-lives this all-day desperate nose-to-nose shootout of a small force of  Rangers, Seals and &quot;D men&quot;, most of whom were facing combat for  their first time.<br />How sad that such personal heroism and sacrifice would  be so ignored by our country (i.e., media and current administration).
B00003CWPR|4.0|Stanely Kubrick was a brillant film director of ideas who composed some of the most philosophically and intellectually challanging movies of the last 45 years. Kubrick helped augment the way movies expressed themselves by  showing that motion pictures had the ability to convincingly convey complex  moral and philosophical issues by the forum of the moving image. Kubrick's  final film, Eyes Wide Shut, deals with the interdependant relationship  between romantic fullfillment and individual emotional identity. Both  function within the minds of the adults that inhabit Eyes Wide Shut's  world. Yet every major character in the film from Cruise and Kidman's  characters to Pollack's millionare to the female prositutes connect their  lack of sexual satisifaction to their failed conceptions of their own  lives. Everyone in this film attempt activities that might act like a  catalyst and break them free of their devalued state of mind, yet the  initial act just proliferates into a pattern and a downward spiral of  misunderstanding. The hidden society that is at the heart of this film,  deals primarily with the depths those will go to find self-worth and  satisfaction in their lives. Others dream of elusive possibilities that  might have ruined their lives but plague their fantasies. Sexual dreams,  acts, and fanatsies are the irrational kinetic tangent that lures these  characters into the bowels of insanity and beyond. Eyes Wide Shut is very  mature voyage into humanity's base instincts. It has one of the few  sexually mature and insightful naratives in the motion picture history.  Though flawed by some aspects, Kubrick last film still shows he knew  humanity till the end.I will definitely buy the EWS DVD edtion when it  comes out.
6305718954|1.0|Two words best describe this stinker:  Boring.  Tedious.<br />The premise:  Jesus sits down and writes his own gospel story/scripture.  (Yeaaa!)  Then, oops, he loses it.  (Rats!)  Then his personally chosen disciples write  their own scriptures which, for no conceivable reason, are contrary to  Jesus' gospel.  (Booooo!)  Then suddenly Jesus' gospel pops up from nowhere  2000 years later. (Yeaaaa!)  Then, the eeeeevil catholic church tries to  squash this gospel because they want to protect their billion dollar hold  on religion.  (Booooo!)  Then Patricia Arquette shows up with bleeding  sores and saves the day.  (Yeaaaaa!)<br />Unfortunately, this comatose  storyline never explains how we should distinguish the &quot;St.  Thomas&quot; gospel from the literally hundreds (possibly thousands) of  other equally &quot;lost gospels&quot; which have repeatedly surfaced over  the last 2000 years (notable example: the Book of Mormon).  The movie also  predictably omits that no bible scholar (even university academicians with  no religious allegiances) has ever regarded the &quot;st. thomas&quot;  gospel as anything other than a mediocre fabrication.<br />As a &quot;study of  religion&quot;, the movie is pretentious and silly.  It is a religion story  for the MTV generation:  all sound byte and no substance.  If you must see  it, do so for the only legitimate reasons -- lots of special effects and a  blaring soundtrack.
630575067X|2.0|Ok, Ok, before you hate me for my review. Ask yourself, 'Did I feel disappointed when the end credits began to roll?' Well, their ya go! 'Nuff said.
068484267X|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  Makes you really think about your life and how lucky you really are.  I am a freshman in high school and read this book for an english report. My teacher really enjoyed it, and I recommend  others to pass this book on to someone else.  Let them enjoy it too!  I  can't wait to see the movie and to read the sequal!
6305177473|5.0|This movie is DA BOMB!   I got it last year, and I love it
B00001NFCY|5.0|Now that I heard this album a few times over, I must change my former opinion about this band. This band is AS GOOD AS Days Of The New, Megadeth, and other bands that I like. But, it isn't as good as Queensryche; no band  is as good as Queensryche. I am really enjoying 'Human Clay' more and more  each time I listen to it. Now, I feel that 'Human Clay' is definitely  better, much better, than 'My Own Prison'. Also, an excellent song which I  forgot to mention in my previous review is &quot;Beautiful&quot;; that song  has been playing in my head all day today and I don't think it'll stop  anytime soon. However, &quot;Say I&quot; is still my favorite song on the  CD; that song is all powerful. If you buy this album for just 1 song, it  would be for &quot;Say I&quot;, the song is killer. If you liked 'My Own  Prison', GET THIS ALBUM! You'll like this album even more, maybe even a  whole lot more.
B00000IQBL|5.0|I purchased 'Full Metal Jacket' after hearing little snippets of praise for it, and of course having seen some of Stanley's other gems. I was unable to hire it out (all damaged or something) so I just went and bought  it. As it turned out it wasn't such a bad decision.<br />Vietnam movies  fascinate me, maybe something to do with not actually being born to witness  the whole circus. Anyway, Kubrick did a masterly job on this one. 'Full  Metal Jacket' seems to have come into being thanks to a few sources.  Firstly the novel by someone Gustav, second Gunnery Sergeant Hartman, third  Michael Herr's novel 'Dispatches' (who co-wrote the screenplay, I just  found out; that's where most of the Vietnam dialogue seems to have come  from ie. the 'Hand Job' story and the 'Born To Kill/Peace Icon' helmet, the  crazy door gunner: 'You just don't lead them so much, ha ha ha').<br />The  movie is divided into two distinct parts, basic Marine training, and  'combat corresponding' in Vietnam. <br />The first features much military  brutality (as does the second, I suppose) , in an organisational manner,  along with absolutely BEAUTIFUL cinematography (bold sunsets/sunrises,  gentle fades, slow pans etc). Kubrick does not rush things, the pace is  steady and well-measured. <br />The second half of the movie largely takes  place in a city in Vietnam, maybe Hue or something, I don't really know.  Contrasted so clearly alongside the first half of the movie, actual combat  seems something of a cinematic disappointment. The surroundings feel staged  and small and there is a severe lack of scale. There are no bodies  festering around, other American or South Vietnamese squads, planes  screaming overhead, you know the deal, just general ambient activity.  However I can only criticism so far. <br />I think Kubrick did a stunning job  with what he had: a few troops, a derelict gasworks and a little  pyrotechnics. And anyway, the last scene with the troops marching singing  Mickey Mouse with the flames in the background makes up for all the faults.  Wow, that really was a fine way to finish things off. Oh, and the music's  pretty good too, especially the end credit track (Rolling Stones, I  think).<br />In short a carefully thoughtout and crafted masterpiece, on of  the better pieces of cinema to emerge from the 80's.
B0000013GT|5.0|Dre and Big Boi recorded the deepest record ever with ATLiens.  Each track on this CD is priceless.  The level of thought combined with the lyrical genius that each of them have leaves no room for second-rate tracks.  Put  this CD in, and let it run through, every track will blow your mind, and  you'll never stop playing it.  This belongs in everyone's collection.
6300181553|5.0|I love this Movie.I first saw this film when I was ten,and still look forward to playing this video every Christmas. This is the first time the song,&quot;White Christmas&quot;was in a movie.Irving Berlin wrote all the  music,and the movie was his idea. Fred Astaire was first picked for the  film,but they also wanted Bing Crosby.This was unheard of in the 40's,to  have two superstars in one movie.Fred Astaire took a percentage of the  profit instead of his One hundred thousand dollar fee. He became rich after  this movie. The  music and dance numbers are fantastic,and the idea of  having a place that's only open on holidays is so cool.However, this movie  doesn't show the African American's in a good way,but that was the  40's.Thank God things have changed alittle.The two female leads,Marjorie  Reynolds and Virgina Dale,are not well know Actresses.The producers  couldn't afford two well know female stars. I think they did a great job.To  keep up with Fred Astair had to be the hardest work for any dancer. Also,I  happen to think Fred Astair is a fantastic singer.I just love his  voice,even though Bing Crosby was the greatest singer at this time.  Everyone looked up to him. My favorite part of the film is when they open  the Hotel on NewYears Eve.Everyone is dressed up,and Bing and Marjorie  welcome the guest,singing,&quot;Come to Holiday Inn.&quot; It had to be a  wonderfull time in the 40's.Every holiday has a number.I also enjoy the  part when Fred Astair does the 4th of July dance  dropping  firecrackers at  his feet. There will never be a dancer like him again.I play this movie  every Christmas,even though this movie is about all the holidays.
1878424319|4.0|Don Muguel Ruiz has gone where Castenada could not. Because Ruiz belongs to a different lineage of sorcers than don Juan, he brings a new perspective to the toltec knowledge. His mastery over writing and being a  man of knowledge culminate in this modern day presentation of toltec  practices.
0385484518|5.0|As you can tell this is a very sad, but touching book about a special bond that can never be broken. I loved this book from the moment I read the first page, due to the format which it was written in. This special bond is  that of a College professer and his student. It was my favorite book ever  and I suggest you read it.
6304675348|2.0|This movie comtinually bounces back and forth from black comedy to subpar slasher flick.All in all,it had it's moments,but is no horror classic-also last time I checked Kevin Williamson was not GOD!He is a struggling  writer,who's last couple movies have flopped at the box-office,and   rightfully so!<br />Anyway,I'm rambling-the killers are teens,a break in  logic(most serial killers are white hetrosexual males in their twenties ,or  thirties-which both Matt Lilard and Skeet Ulrich actually are,but try to  pass themselves off as high schoolers in THIS).I know most kids are  probably thinking,SO?We want big,flashy plotless,plodding junk to appease  our short attention spans!Sorry to dissapoint you kids!This low-budget  rehash of every slasher flick ever made in the eighties,is mainly for fans  of the genre,and the pale,friendless virgins who sit in the corner at  school dances(actually the  two are rather indistinguishable!).<br />  Pardon  my bluntness,but I'm sick of those goddamned Scream lovers saying the  classics(Psycho,Silence of the lambs ect.)can't compare to this little  movie(not even an actual horror movie,as I said before)!
0887307396|5.0|Until reading Built to Last I regarded &quot;vision&quot; as a rare attribute possessed by a select group of successful individuals, something far out of my limited reach. However, Collins and Porras showed that I can acquire vision in three steps: discover those core values or principles  most important to me above all others, identify my firm's fundamental  reason for being, and `envision a future' through creating audacious  organizational goals and vivid descriptions of their achievement. The  authors provided me with a valuable template I will use to find my own,  unique vision. Thanks to them my new understanding and appreciation of  vision will promote the development of a strong, positive corporate culture  in my firm.<br />Built to Last is one of the few books that I will return to  time and again for advice, long after my textbooks are gone.<br />For help  with discovering my core values, I found Covey's \\"The 7 Habits of Highly  Effective People\\" another \\"must-read.\\"
0767819462|5.0|This is by far the best movie ever made.  Very touching.  I wouldn't recomend it for younger children, as the mom has cancer, but yet it is the best movie ever to be made
B00003CWPR|5.0|As with any Kubrick film,  the critics are quick to pass judgement on something they don't fully understand.  This is probably Kubrick's most intellectual film and an amazing bookend to his career.  It will, without a  doubt, be regarded as a classic.  <br />To the poster who complained about the  use of full-screen on this DVD:  That is how Kubrick wanted it.  If you own  the Kubrick collection, all his films are shown in full-screen rather and  widescreen.  While I prefer letterbox, I have to respect Kubrick's wishes  and enjoy this masterpiece in his format.
6303257844|5.0|This is the one of the best movies ever made.  Even if it was made a while ago, the action, intensity, and overall just plain coolness makes me wanna tell the world about this awesome video!
0792156684|1.0|I fail to see the hype generated by this film.  If you want to see a story of the Titanic, see the one with Clifton Webb and Barbara Stanwyck.  The visual effects may not be there, but the story is much better.
B000009RC2|5.0|Perhaps some of us have read the &quot;Lost Trident Sessions&quot; liner notes and have misunderstood them. John McLaughlin was the leader of The Mahavishnu Orchestra. It is thus appropriate that his playing be prominent;  it is thus appropriate that he select or write the material. Everyone who  knows jazz knows that it involves improvisation and will credit the  individual players where credit is due; it was not necessary or appropriate  for John McLaughlin to belabor the obvious. All the members of the band are  given plenty of room to improvise here. Bassist Rick Laird, however, chose  to restrain himself. As he explained in a contemporaneous interview in  &quot;Downbeat&quot;, he considered himself the anchor of the band.  Evidence that this was of his own choosing abounds: Jack Bruce plays bass  (uncredited for record-company-contractual reasons) on &quot;Birds of  Fire&quot;'s &quot;One Word&quot;; his playing there is much less laconic  than Rick Laird's, as is the playing of Rick Laird's replacement Ralphe  Armstrong on &quot;Apocalypse&quot; and &quot;Visions of the Emerald  Beyond&quot;. <br />This is great album, and &quot;Birds of Fire&quot; is even  better. (If you play it at your party and it drives away the Kenny G. and  Madonna fans, you can consider it vindicated.)
B000005RFH|5.0|This album is nothing short of an absolute triumph because it is a &quot;crystal ball view&quot; of what was to come in the genre of heavy music.<br /> Blues based with an apocalyptic vision, Black Sabbath's first  album is a roller coaster of premium jams that barely let up through it's  runtime.<br /> The remastering of the imported Castle recording is far  superior than the domestic Warner Brother's version. Audiophiles will be  pleased with the bass extension combined with Ozzy's vocals sweetened in  the midrange. Make no mistake about it, the blazing highs of Iommi's solos  are still there but now they are sweeter as well. In short, there is more  space around the instruments. The mix is far less cluttered than the  original version and gives full gusto without fatigue to the listener.<br />  Buy this disk now... you will never regret your choice.
B000001FFJ|5.0|If you only own one Tom Waits album then this should be it. This album, as all of Tom Wait's music, has a rawness and uniqueness that is unmistakable.  From the opening song &quot;Singapore&quot;, which sounds like a pirate's  anthem, to the melodic &quot;Hang down your head&quot; Tom Waits has  created music that is stripped down and laid bare.  If the streets could  speak this is what they'd say.
1573226521|5.0|From this book's first pages, this story takes you out of the comfort of your home and slams you into a foreign country on a bus to god knows where.You have to admire someone with courage enough to shed the security of the western life-style and subject themselves to whatever comes down the  pike. But this is what a small, select group of young adults have done.  What they found is the ultimate beach on a secluded island in Thailand.  Basically, only a select few have ever been granted access to the island,  it's location is fiercely guarded.  A young man, Richard, stumbles into a  situation where the island's location is mapped out on a homemade crayola  colored drawing.  Intrigued, he shares the map with another french couple  and from that moment on their lives are at risk.  The novel reads crisply,  shockingly and brutally realistic.  There are near-drowning scenes that  felt so intense I had to stop reading.  Rarely have I read a novel of this  caliber, where the author writes on so many different levels.  The Beach is  an exquisite novel, and when the author describes what the secret beach  looks like it, one can truly see  nirvana.  This is a place many of us go  to in our dreams, but what happens to these kids is no dream.
B000000OTU|5.0|If you only buy one Aerosmith Cd, then this is the one.  It's got all the best songs from some of the best of Aerosmith's days-the sober ones.
B00003W8NM|5.0|when I first saw SEVEN, I thought that FINSHER'S work was pure genious but David has done it again! He took the two best actors of this generation and made a perfect blend.He made a great satire of  the modern american way of  life. I really liked the part where Norton looks at an IKEA magazine like  he was looking at Miss May on a PLAYBOY magazine, it showed how perverted  this society is. The filming is great. the only regret I have is that Fight  Club was only nominated for best music at the academy awards, I think this  movie deserves to have the award for best picture. Well, You can't argue  with an event who gave 11 oscars to TITANIC. It is very hard to find in the  movie history a contreversal movie with the best picture award.I guess i'll  just enjoy it knowing that this movie is the best picture of the year.
