0393317552|1.0|This book should go into a time capsule. Two hundred years from now, they'll be having a good laugh over this one.  I suppose it will be used in colleges to illustrate the heroic lengths to which the people of our age were willing to go to maintain, in the teeth of all common sense, and come  what may, the pious dogma that all men are created equal.  Political  correctness has gotten to the point now that it makes religious  fundamentalism look like a shining example of intellectual integrity.
0345350499|5.0|This was recommended by a long-time friend who is a history buff.  Even though Colleen McCullough's Caesar series is her favorite; &quot;Mists&quot; ranks a close second. Even though I loved the fantasy of  Camelot, I began this half-heartedly and within 50 pages found myself  spellbound. Bradley took a &quot;fantastic&quot; Story and applied all the  universal  attributes of greed, unrequited love, sacrifice, and loneliness  and spread them before us through the eyes of the Avalon and Camelot women.   I loved it and pouted when it was over!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|It has been a while since an album grabbed my attention that much. From the first time I played it, I've heard the songs over and over and still find new details every time. Her vocal performance is outstanding, we can  sure tell she writes her own songs. The arrangements are fresh and  fashionable much like in Tidal, but perhaps more elaborate. Did anybody  hear a backing vocal? I didn't. She definetely doesn't go with the flow.  Loved those xylophone and Keyboard parts. Matt Chamberlain's drumming is  impressing! I recommend &quot;The way things are&quot;, you are right  Fiona, what a guitar- synth performance on that one!
B000002C1X|5.0|Hello ? IS there anybody out there ? The appreciation of this album has nothing to do with any other album by Pink Floyd, or whether or not Roger Waters was in ascendancy. The Wall is just simply one of the finest pieces  of work IN ALL OF WESTERN LITERATURE. It is not for baby boomers only, but  imagine the historical implications of being born in world war 2 and then  touring with a world class rock band in the 60's &amp; 70's. How did the  one world become the other ? How did World War 2 contribute to the world we  live in today ? That's what this album is about. It is also about one boy  moving from that world as a child into this one as a man, and not doing it  very well. Not well thanks in part to monarchies, militarism, school  systems, drugs, and intergenerational differences of perception. And by the  way, some of the greatest rock and roll ever done is on this album - with  David Gilmour a very pivotal presence. Roger Waters said in an interview  that if Hitler, and Albert Speer were alive today, they'd use Rock and Roll  as propoganda tools. He was right.
0553213105|5.0|I love this book! It is a book that capture your heart and you become intuned to the charatures. I am only 13. I first read this book was two years ago. At that time it intrigued me. Now I am a lover of it and the time peiod. As many have said every time you read it, it dosen't matter  that you know, you can't wait to see if lizzie will marry Mr. Darcy.  I  think to read this book you have to be the right kind of person. But if  like books set in time peord of this time peoid, I think you will love this  book.
B00000J7SS|5.0|Toss your preconceived and narrow opinions about what is Jazz, what is fusion, etc. This album is what it is-PERIOD. I had the incredible good fortune (at age 17) of seeing Mr. Davis and crew perform this music in a  small club in San Francisco less than a year after it was released. Miles  scowling at the audience, walking off stage, scowling at the musicians...  then blowing into his horn - it was an unearthly night. This is unearthly  music from some jungle where intellect and muscle both prevail. It is not  rock and roll. The virtuoso performances of all these players on one  recording make it an absolutely monumental achievement. Buy it. Play it  loud. Let your kids hear it. It changed me for the better, and it will do  the same for them. (Then check out Joe Zawinul and Wayne Shorter - some of  the incredible alumni of this album - in WEATHER REPORT.)
B000000WJK|4.0|Simply put, this is one of the breeziest, most seductive rock albums ever made.  At their best (which is really most of the time), these songs swirl up in a wonderful, hazy breeze, with echoey vocals that actually sort of  blend with the music.  The easiest way to describe &quot;A Storm in  Heaven&quot; is in a Pink Floyd manner, not that the Verve sound like Pink  Floyd.  However, like Floyd, they pick a sound and style and stick with it  for the entire album; perhaps not a concept album on the level of Floyd,  it's definitely a &quot;mood&quot; album.  And it's perplexing why songs  like &quot;Slide Away,&quot; &quot;The Sun, the Sea,&quot; and  &quot;Blue&quot; were never played on the radio.  &quot;Blue&quot; is an  especially cool tune, a sort of pick me up towards the end, which features  Richard Ashcroft on percussion, doing a shuffling click sound that keeps  time with the song, as a soaring guitar announces the chorus.  And Ashcroft  sums up his world on &quot;Blue&quot; stating, &quot;see the world, in my  dirty, lonely, mixed up mind.&quot;  It's undoubtedly one of the best songs  you've never heard.  By song #4, &quot;Beautiful Mind,&quot; you're  practically hypnotized by lulling guitars and faraway vocals that are  utterly indecipherable.  Since the tracks aren't listed on the album's  exterior, you'll never know the names to these songs (think &quot;Dark Side  of the Moon&quot;), but it really doesn't matter.  This is the type of  album you just let play uninterrupted, without too much thought or energy.  Though a unique horn turns up in &quot;The Sun, The Sea&quot; and  &quot;Already There,&quot; plus a snakey flute in &quot;Virtual  World,&quot; the album is mostly spacey guitar rock way up in the  stratosphere, especially during the middle portion of the album.  It's a  4-1/2 star album, easy.
B000002R67|5.0|Most people, when they look back on that sub-genre, can only think of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;. The Rolling Stones, whose sound didn't really lend itself to the, uh...concept...made a halfway decent effort in &quot;Their Satanic Majesties Request&quot;. But this album, from a similarly blues-oriented band, managed to fuse the implied introspection underlaying the blues with the stylistic intricacy which was later to find full voice in the first generation of prog rock. Try to look past the chart hit &quot;San Franciscan Nights&quot; to the bongo-driven &quot;Man-Woman&quot; as a look back at 'Fifties beat poetry--and possibly an ancestor to rap. To &quot;Hell Hotel&quot;, with its lyrics about loneliness and its clean trumpet solo reinforcing that mood. To &quot;The Black Plague&quot;, a narrative history lesson of the Middle Ages. There are some weak moments, to be sure. Like an overly melodramatic cover of the 'Stones' &quot;Paint It Black. And it wasn't really necessary to write a response to Hendrix's &quot;Are You Experienced&quot;. This album was the first of a short string of such albums by Burdon &amp; Co. (&quot;The Twain Shall Meet&quot; and &quot;Every One Of Us&quot;, for example&quot;) which were all the stronger for the fact that their creative identity wasn't undercut by industry and period overhype.
B000003JDA|5.0|What can I say?  This is a great CD!  It has all the things you look for in a Tull CD -- infrequent, but memorable guitar licks, classic Ian Anderson flute, of course, and a fantastic bass line running through,  holding together each song.  What I really like, however, is how it grows  on you.  The first listening was great, but each successive time, it blows  me away.  <br />I like every song on this CD, and if you are a true Tull fan,  I would venture to say that you will, too.
6303160344|5.0|Blue is the first part of the Three Colors trilogy which I believe will be regonized as the finest cinema event of the 1990's. Blue is the most remote of the three pictures in that it deals with the loss of loved ones, and the  isolation it brings.To be totally free is to lose your identity. Kieslowski  was wise to cast Juliette Binoche in the role, for no actor today can  convey such feeling and intensity with such subtlety.She posesses the  greatest pair of eyes in cinema. This film could be silent, and you would  understand what this character is going through. I agree that you may have  to be in the right frame of mind to see this film, and Red may be the  warmer, friendlier movie, but I found Blue to be totally devastating, and  to truly appreciate the other two films, you must see this one  first.<br />Caveat: Miramax released this film in standard format, and all the  films need widescreen format to be truly appreciated. Hold out for the DVD.  In fact, look up Miramax's home page and demand it!
0800177177|2.0|This really could have been a great movie.  Without the lifeless Reaves, the cast was perfect.  The director has made other great films.  The original story is great.  So why was it so bad?<br />The main culprit is the  screenplay.  Dracula was never a love story, and the love story here  doesn't make sense.  The contradictions are too big.  We see Dracula  looking and acting like a monster, and yet we are supposed to see him as a  big teddy bear who was really driven to everything by his undying love.   Give me a break.<br />Another major problem with the film is in the  characterizations of Van Helsing, Lucy, and of course, Jonathan Harker.   Hopkins is an incredible actor and it would have been nice to see what he  could have done with a character like the Van Helsing in the book.   Instead, it's as if the filmmakers decided that the Hannibal Lector mad  scientist bit was the way to go.  In this way, Van Helsing was more comic  relief than anything else.<br /> The only difference between Lucy the woman  and Lucy the vampire is blood drinking.  There is a lack of innocence in  the beginning which would have shown a real change after her  transformation.  There was also a totally unnessisary beastiality scence  between her and Dracula that was really baffaling. <br />Reaves' Harker was a  stick figure. It's almost as if they had to take away depth from Harker in  order to make the love story between Mina and Dracula make sense.  It  didn't work.  All this did was make the first half hour of the movie almost  unwatchable.  <br />The casting, with the exception of Reaves, is very well  done and this is a riviting film visually.  It's a shame that someone  decided to improve on Stoker's story, and then put his name in the title.   I don't think they would have had his approval.
0425163407|1.0|Ho-Hum.  I picked this book up on a whim.  I was looking for a new author to read, something different from the ones I have been reading lately.  Serves me right.  I should have read the reviews first!  When reading this, it really had possibilities, but so many things were introduced to build on  the lead character, yet they were never carried on.  Many sub-plots were  started, yet never built upon, or even finished!  I was reading this over  the coarse of a few days (very slow going for me) and one evening I put the  book down and the next day I picked it up and I honestly thought I picked  up a different book!  The whole plot changed like a light switch.  It went  from a murder-ish mystery to a biological warfare mystery.  In fact,  several chapters were confusing when sub-characters suddenly were very  important and I had to scan back and figure out when they had been  introduced.  Like I said, ho-hum, it had way to much technical and not  enough character.  Maybe a complete re-write might make it a whole book,  but right now I'd have to say it was like reading a partially put together  puzzle.  It had too many holes to be satisfying.
B000023X9W|4.0|Another great Neil to touch your soul.  He writes to each of us, personally, with a plaintive, at times tear-evoking clarity.  Not music to dance down the street to, rather sit in silence and explore who you are and  where you need to go instructions.  Thank you.
6305078564|4.0|I was quite excited about the prospect of acquiring the exceptional A&amp;E mini-series, &quot;Pride and Predjudice&quot; on DVD -- that is, until I read several Amazon customer reviews commenting on the inferior  quality of the video transfer to DVD.  Some people even suggested that the  VHS tape version of the film was superior in quality to the DVD.  So, after  absorbing these less-than-stellar technical reviews, I balked.  But, after  further consideration, I decided the convenience of DVD's convenient format  would offset any lack of quality that had been forecast by other fans of  the mini-series.  Drum roll please... The two DVD set (in a nice slip-cover  box) arrived and, to my surprise, picture, sound and technical aspects of  the DVD are all excellent, with very little about which to quibble.  (I do  not have a Dolby Digital configuration, but rather the earlier-generation  Pro-Logic set-up, which worked fine, with all of its channels carrying  clear sound elements.)  Although there are no cool supplemental materials  save the excellent chapter index (which provides a wonderful means by which  to pick-up where one left off) our family has been thoroughly engrossed in  the mini-series once again, only this time we're seeing it presented at a  quality level rivaling that of the original broadcast on A&amp;E.  (One  reviewer complained that the front and end credits bracketing each of the  episodes were an unwelcome distraction.  A reminder, though, that these  credits may be easily bypassed by pressing the &quot;NEXT&quot; button on  the remote; doing so jets the viewer to the first frame of the next  installment with nary a glitch.  No problem at all.)  Aside from an  occassional visual ripple effect that can be attributed to normal film  tranfer anomolies, the presentation is simply exquisite.  Remember, this  project was mounted years ago, across the pond, under less-than-perfect  production conditions.  For what it is, its quality and its fit and finish  are completely satisfying to this demanding viewer.  I produce film,  television and video projects at a major studio level for a living, so I  feel qualified to recommend this DVD to anyone who loves Jane Austin and  anyone who's looking for a wonderful presentation of one of her most  beloved stories.  Don't hesitate to order this one!  Amazon's standard  delivery was here within 4 days of my order.  Excellent packaging and  service.are completely satisfying to this demanding viewer.  I produce film,  television and video projects at a major studio level for a living, so I  feel qualified to recommend this DVD to anyone who loves Jane Austin and  anyone who's looking for a wonderful presentation of one of her most  beloved stories.  Don't hesitate to order this one!  Amazon's standard  delivery was here within 4 days of my order.  Excellent packaging and  service.
0451523938|3.0|Undoubtedly a great story this was. Stevenson couldn't have done a better job in telling the story of these two individuals trapped in the body of one. The concept is of an awesome nature, and so is the story. <br />Now, many  people that have never read this think it to be a horror tale. This is  indeed true - some of this story is horror. But more than a horror tale,  this is a psychological mystery. The way it begins, the way many of the  mysteries unfold throughout the story have all the nature, the  characteristics, the makings of a mystery. Thus, upon reading this book,  you must pay careful attention to all that's going on. If you don't pay  attention to a certain detail, you may get very mixed up and lost. It is  easy to understand why many different versions have been written for  kids.<br />The last part of the book is just wonderful. The book, though it  may not be the funnest thing to read, is all worth reading for the ending.  The ending is one that will stand high in literature.
6305750750|4.0|This widescreen edition of The Phantom Menace is everything I ever wanted.....in a VHS tape. I got the collector's edition box set yesterday and one must say that it was amazing!, picture quality is much better than  any other (tv format) edition given the fact that youre able to see the  movie as it is shown in the theaters. Although from time to time I got the  impression that some scenes had been shortened or even cut, the movie was  breathtaking.  If you're considering on buying this movie (being a star  wars fan, it's a must have) buy the widescreen edition, given the fact that  you'll get the 35mm filmstrip (real cool), a documentary included in the  tape (awesome) and the 27.90$ book &quot;The art of Starwars: Episode  1&quot;. If you think hard you'll realise that this collectors edition is a  bargain given the fact that its cost is covered just by the book plus u get  the movie!  A MUST HAVE; TRUST ME...
B00001NFCY|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;Higher&quot; it was played by a high school band, but it became my favorite and I immediately went looking for the band, it took some searching, but as soon as I found the cd, I was hooked.   I love this cd for the variety, from ballads, like &quot;With Open  Arms&quot; to the heavier stuff.  I definitely recommend it to anyone, even  if they listen to regular pop, it has the pop feel sometimes.  A very good  cd, I love it.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|This movie is incredible. It put me in a totally different state of mind after seeing it. However kepping in mind that the movie has no diolouge or characters, and that the only thing in the movie is scenery, image quality  becomes pretty important. Unfortunately, 70mm film  on an IMXAX screen  doesn't translate very well to poorly encoded 640x480 video. I'm trying to  find a theater that has it playing anytime in the next few months, and  recommend you do the same, but the quality is poor enough to recommend  against a purchase.
B000023X9W|5.0|Amazing CD. When Neil goes all acoustic on a CD such as Silver &amp; Gold, he is incomparable, nobody else can do what he does with an acoustic guitar, his wonderful vocals and a few background musicians. Best song is  Razor Love, beautifully wrote and sung, this isn't the only gem tho, the CD  is loaded with them. Hope as Neil keeps going that he sticks more and more  to this style of music, it suits him perfectly.
0316920045|5.0|this book blew me away.  twice.  enormously intelligent, riding a fine line between being a terribly sad story and terribly funny one.  a lot of the negative reviews on amazon seem fixated on the plot issue; most readers expect (even demand) that a novel's plot spiral inwardly to a nice tidy conclusion.  well kids, the days of exposition, rising action, climax,  crisis and denouement are long gone.  this plot spirals outwards, does  little squiggles and plays connect the dots.  definately not your  grandmother's favorite book.<br />i read a novel a week, majored in  comparative literature at college-- and i must say: this is it.  the #1 big  honcho helluva bestofalltime kick*ss novel.  (followed by kafka's the trial  and kundera's immortality.)
B00000J6AG|4.0|Moby is usually referred to as a wizard or iconoclast of techno, but I am afraid you won't find any cutting-edge techno here. Rather than indulging in brand-new sounds, Moby has an absolute ear for the sounds of yore, not  unlike Fatboy Slim and Beck. Fatboy Slim mixed reggae and fifties' pop;  Beck is at home in the seventies. In this CD Moby goes for the  gospell/blues afroamerican tradition, and mixes it with his dance roots.  Blues and trance share one thing: the possibly endless repetition of the  same musical phrase and sometimes of the same verse. Moby uses this link to  create very coherent and effective songs, like &quot;Honey&quot;, &quot;Why  does my earth feel so bad&quot;, &quot;Find my baby&quot;, &quot;Natural  Blues&quot;, &quot;Run on&quot;, &quot;My Weakness&quot;. After a few  listenings some of them (Why does my earth feel so bad&quot;, &quot;My  Weakness&quot;) sound as sincere invocations, and are strangely affecting.  This is definitely a more spiritual album and low-key work than  &quot;Everything is Wrong&quot;.<br />There are other are very good songs:  &quot;porcelain&quot;, &quot;rushing&quot; are slow and catchy: they make a  good musical background and perfect soundtrack music. &quot;Bodyrock&quot;  belongs in the techno-trance of &quot;Everything is wrong&quot; and will  appeal to die-hard dancers.<br />Overall, &quot;Play&quot; is the most  intimate and mature work of Moby to day. While it is never cerebral or  annoying, some songs require repeated listenings to be enjoyed.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This cd is off the hook!  P!NK is definately an artist to recognize.  When i heard &quot;There You Go&quot; on the radio, i loved it and i knew i had to get her cd.  i'm glad i did!  P!NK is extrodinary with her amazing  vocals.  She creates a perfect to blend in hip-hop, r&amp;B and pop all in  one in each of her songs.  She's got the looks (just beautiful), the moves  (did u see her on MTV's Spring Breakdown? ) and most important the voice  for a new artist to make it.  Her debut cd, &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot;  is catchy and unique in various ways.  The best songs on her album i would  have to say are &quot;Most Girls&quot; (how it's not just money that a guy  thinks a girl wants), &quot;There You Go&quot; (telling a guy he had his  chance and he can't have her no more) and &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot; (a  weird lust obssesion relationship.)  All songs have tight beats and make  you wanna groove to the music.  You just can't but love it!  Once you  listen to P!NK's cd, you can't stop!  i know i can't!
B00000DFRS|4.0|Whitney shines on an album that, save the few Babyface tunes (the man needs to update his sound, period), captures a stronger, self-concerned diva.  Instead of the big, over-produced sounds that Whitney did quite well  singing with, the production is sparer, letting the listener focus on the  vocals, which sound better than ever. Her voice has matured, but unlike  other divas who haven't learned to work with their changes, Whitney  envelops herself in soft, smoldering tones, but at once shows us just how  powerful she can belt. <br />Top tunes on this album are almost from start to  finish, especially the piano-driven &quot;If I Told You That&quot;, the  bonus track, &quot;Get it Back&quot;, the simmering &quot;Heartbreak  Hotel&quot;. Not to be forgotten is the lush Wyclef-produced title track,  probably one of the most beautiful, sincere songs I've ever heard  sung.<br />Anyone who thinks she is simply one of those singers that are  simply instruments of high-powered producers should listen to this album.  In fact, that only reason I didn't give this CD a perfect score was because  there are several tracks, produced by big-time producers like Babyface and  David Foster. It's not that they are bad songs, by any stretch of the  imagination - for the most part, they are still better than most material  out there. It's just that the songs fracture the total album - they Whitney  back from the new, empowered, less wistful woman she portrays here.  But  still one of the best albums I've ever owned, one that still gets repeat  playtime not only in my CD players, but in everyone I've recommended it  too.
0375501851|4.0|White Teeth is a wonderful, well written, complex, and verywitty novel about a Bengali Muslim and a working class Brit who hadbeen war buddies, and their families.  Circumstances have broughtthese friends to their London suburb where they and their wives (Samad's marriage has been arranged; Archie has married a young Jamaican woman) struggle with cultural, racial, and adolescent issues. A third family brings liberal influences to the multicultural mix. Zadie Smith's characters are sympathetic and entrenched, and the dialects are a pleasure to read.  The book isn't perfect--but so worthwhile!
0425173895|5.0|This book is definetly one of Christie's finest. The whole plot to the story keeps the reader alert at all times.<br />I read this book last year, and it was very good!  If you haven't read any of Agatha Christie's books, then start here. This book will keep you alert and aware at all  times.<br />Read this book!  You'll love it if you love Mysteries! 1
B00003CWRX|5.0|Michael Mann is probably the most underapreciated Director in Hollywood. After his epic, &quot;HEAT&quot; was butchered for Network Television, bad press surrounded his unwillingness to have his name attached to the hack  job. It is understandable as everything in all of his films has  significance. And to take aways is to destroy the whole.<br />The Insider  continues in his tradition of breathtaking minimalism, and amazing lighting  and what more can be said of Al Pacino and Russell Crow. Their performances  are phenomenal and the movie, though long, is filled with nuggetts of  brilliance and poetry that will take your breath away.<br />Buy this movie!  Watch it at least 5 times.
0380713802|3.0|Bryson is a good deal funnier and more mature than, say, Jeff Greenwald, but he falls into the trap of not meeting enough locals and padding his book with initially-amusing-but-eventually-repetitious accounts of surly  service workers and mediocre hotels. He helpfully weaves tips on traveler's  checks and museums into some of his anecdotes.
B000007SPT|5.0|If you have not yet heard, \\"Song To The Siren\\" listen to the audio sample now. It is the greatest song I have ever heard. Currently fetured on a perfume commercial, the song was used in the David Lynch film,  \\"The Lost Highway\\" and I almost cried after I heard it. The rest  of the CD lacks much after hearing, \\"Song To the Siren\\": but it  is worth the 15.00 dollars just for the one song.
B0000024JA|5.0|This is a great CD.  Method Man comes out flying in all of his tracks.  All the songs on this CD are great.  Bring the Pain, All I Need, What the Blood Clot, Meth vs. Chef, and Realese Yo' Delf are some of the best tracks  I'veever heard.  It is such a great CD.  I've lost a little respect for  Method Man recently, but his original CD is great.  It ranks right up there  with the best of the Wu-Albums.  It's not #1 in my opinion, but it is still  great.  Buy this CD, it is worth it.
6304169558|5.0|First of all, anyone who tells you they hated this movie simply did not give it a chance. People who can bring up all the little inconsistancies of the movie obviously spent more time looking for them than actually watching  the movie. Being a meteorology student studying severe weather, I can  safely say that some of the &quot;impossibilities&quot; in the movie can  actually have have actually happened before. Tornadoes are a scientific  anomoly that we don't know everything about. The plot is rather unique,  considering no other movie has ever featured tornadoes as the main  attraction. A group of rag-tag storm chasers roams across the plains  Oklahoma is search of tornadoes in an effort to study them, hoping to  develop an advanced warning system (which is desperatly needed in many  parts of the country). Their plan is to deploy a large steel drum filled  with sensors into an approaching tornado. This is where fantasy and reality  take two totally seperate paths. Real-life storm chasers would never try to  get as close as the chasers in the movie did. But after all, this is an  action movie, and if it had stuck to formalities, the movie would have been  very boring. The sub-plot was considerably weak, though. Jo (Helen Hunt)  and Bill (Paxton), are finalizing a divorce which Jo is trying desperatly,  but subtly, to get out of. Before starting the days chase, Bill comes by  with a new fiance to get the divorce papers. Jo is planning on trying to  get him back for the group, if not only for herself. After discovering that  Jo and her team have finished a project that he had started (the sensor  package), he is convinced to stay for the day and help them chase. Events  transpire and it becomes evident that Bill is &quot;back.&quot; The  dialogue, which was blasted by all sorts of critics, is quite suited for  the film in my opinion. Many complained that it was too basic, dull, plain,  lacking depth, whatever other adverb you can think of. But if you stop to  think about it, would you have an in-depth conversation about  tornadogenesis with your team while a tornado is bearing down upon you? I  don't think so. Besides, 3/4 of the people who saw it, saw it because of  the special effects. They are spectacular, but the only complaint I had was  that they made the tornadoes appear out of pathetic looking status clouds,  rather than the jaw dropping rotating wall clouds and supercell  thunderstorms that most tornadoes come from. This is a great movie, because  it has such homely appeal. I couldn't imagine this movie with Tom Cruise or  Jennifer Aniston. It reflected the laid back attitude of the mid-west,  which added to the film's effect. Definetly worth seeing.
6303282237|5.0|Everyone has had those moments when their folks would tell of one of the &quot;old classic films&quot; from bygone days of Hollywood.<br />And then, there was &quot;El Cid&quot;.<br />Simply put: I sat, I Saw, It  Conquered!<br />For someone who tended to grow up on Japanese anime, Looney  Toones, and virtually every sci-fi series from Irwin Allen to Glen Larson,  it's nice to have at least one masterpiece that parents and children agree  on.
B000002IAZ|3.0|Some credit Buffalo Springfield as one of the better collaborations of talent to come out of the 6o's.  I disagree.  It was good only through Neil Young's involvement and one protest song.  Stephen Stills has been riding  the success of that other  song for over 30 years.  I'll hand it to  Stephen, it's a good song still, despite being heard a billion times since  it was released.  It has some staying power beyond the context of the 60's.   <br />  If Bufalo Springfield was anything, it was a peek into what Neil  Young would become.  Young grew and became a better singer/ songwriter with  or without Stephen Stills.  Stephen Stills sells no records unless he  convinces Young to toss in a few new tracks that were recorded during the  sessions that would become &quot;Silver and Gold&quot; for that recent,  spotty CSN&amp;Y effort.  I regret the money I shelled out for that to this  day.  Young's contributions to the album are it's single, saving grace.<br />   This retrospective is a decent album for somebody interested in Buffalo  Springfield, especially if they don't want to spend the money on the 3  albums.  I'd prefer they just put all of Neil's songs of this era on one  record, so I could spare myself suffering through Still's.  Three stars for  Neil.  Minus him, and this album would rate in the negatives.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|Absolutely Awesome - it had just about everything needed: good vs evil, hi-tech vs the human spirit, hero gets the girl in the end, a not-too shabby display of martial arts! Few mortal minds can watch this movie a  second time in a hurry (mine included)!<br />And just when I thought it was  safe to flip on the T.V. again, the word is out: &quot;Jet Li is likely to  appear in the sequels.&quot;<br />Proof that GOD is Good.
0783239955|5.0|This movie is a brilliant comedy.  I loved every minute of it.  Had me rolling!  If you want an Adam Sandler style of comedy - look elsewhere.  This is a good, old-fashioned comedy-of-events that keeps you on the edge  of your seat!
6304765231|4.0|No point in comparing Brandon to Bruce here - an interesting storyline in and of itself, a gratifying feeling as good triumphs over evil, pretty good effects.<br />Brandon may be gone, but he could be proud of this work (and  probably is).
6304675399|2.0|This is film making at it's least classy.The acting is quite good for movies of this sort,but the costume(inspired by a Muinich painting)will probably inspire more laughs then screams.Suspense is conspicious by it's  absence,except in the riveting opening,and final,which are maybe the only  two things in this movie worth watching.Courtney Cox,and Neve Campbell are  good to look at,I must say,but they alone are not worth your rental  dollars.<br />  The characters themselves are pretty shallow,vapid,typical  teens who spout Quinetin Tarentino-esque dialouge in one of the few  original ideas in this cliche riddled mess.They also seem nothing like real  teens,or at least any I know.<br />  I suppose it can be fun in a cheesy sort  of way,and perhaps worth a dollar or two on a slow night,but other than  that skip it.<br />  Of intrest mostly to fans of this rather spotty  subgenre,but you're really much better off watching it's  inspiration,Halloween.Oh,and Nightmare On Elm Street beats the stuffing out  of this gory piece of tripe.So does Wes Craven's New Nightmare.<br />  Under  no circumstances should you watch the sequels,which are beyond merely  poor...<br />  scale:1(holy cow!)-10(ahh...)<br />  Directing:7.8<br />   Suspense:5<br />  Acting:7.9     script:6.4<br />  While certainly not  perfect,this is much better than the dreck that followed in it's wake,such  as I STILL know what you did last summer.
B00000IKSC|5.0|I love seeing Nick Carter playing the drums during Quit playing games with my heart he is so good I love him a lot. It felt that I was there in Orlando seeing them live because they are awesome My friend was so lucky  that she saw them I'm hoping that I can go and see them because they are  great and I love you Nick Carter and Brian Litterell. People you will love  watching it and the people that saw them in 97-98 you will get the meormies  back when you saw them in 97-98
B00003CWPQ|5.0|Once again Stanley has the last laugh.  People balk at the &quot;slow, fragmented, boring, trite construction of the plot and dialog&quot;.  Well, folks, that's the point.  Always experimenting with new ways to construct a  film (don't forget that the &quot;two film&quot; construction of Full Metal  Jacket was reviled when it was released only to be praised later) he has  given us this time a picture of ourselves in our daily trite, fragmented  and ,dare I say, occasionally complex lives.  Our dreams, and dreams are a  central focus of this film, impact our conscience and sub-conscience with  every bit of force as &quot;real&quot; events. It can be said that our  dreams help create our waking life and our waking life creates our dreams.  So once again, Stanley merely holds up the mirror and we often do not like  what we see.<br />By taking us on a journey through the intertwined dream/real  lives of Dr. Bill and Alice, Stanley has given us a precious gift though  which to view our own lives. All of the poeple in the film play day-to-day  roles that are, in many ways, at odds with who they really are.  The  incongruity between the inner self and what other people see helps to set  both Bill and Alice on their respective journeys of self discovery.  But  who's journey of self discovery are we watching at any given time? Ah...one  of the secrets of Eyes Wide Shut that will only be given up with  time.<br />Mysterious?...yes. Frustrating at times?...you bet. Richly  rewarding if given the time?...absolutely.<br />Watch for colors, double  characters, self warning, clues as to whether scenes are &quot;real&quot;  or &quot;dream&quot;.<br />One important thing to point out. In the scene  where the note is passed to Dr. Bill through the gate of the Orgy house, he  looks up at a security camera.  The camera is pointed at US...&quot;stop  this line of inquiry or there will be grave consequences for you and your  family&quot;.  Indeed.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This album is one of the best albums the Chilli Peppers have done. If you like their old stuff, then you'll like this. As a plus, a few of their songs have a slightly different style, giving the album a bit of variety.  It also shows off Flea's bass playing and Anthony's awaesome voice more  than the previous albums (in my opinion, the best song is definetly  &quot;Otherside&quot;) BUY IT!  IT'S WORTH IT!
B00000DCHI|4.0|This really is a great collection of Billy Joel's 70's and 80'sworks.  If you are like me then you like most of Billy Joel's musicbut to buy all of his albums would be very expensive.  This is the next best thing.  These two CD's contain many of his greatest hits. The only regret I have is that I didn't buy the box set.  If I can convince you of anything here it would be to buy the box set. Really two CD's are not enough to cover his music thoroughly (actually neither is 4 but that's the best that we are offered right now). I hope this helped you.
0091801370|5.0|When the historian fluke Kelso learns of the existence of a notebook belonging to Josef Stalin, he is unstoppable in his conquest to find the book seemingly without regard to the omnipresent danger that Russia still embodies. It is surely one of the most exciting books ever written.  Harris' brilliant characterisation, and chilling descriptions of a dying  Russia, bring to life a crescendo of tension when added to the rivetting,  and constantly meandering plot. I have never read a book so quickly.
B000002AS3|4.0|There are times I wish the quality of recording was better; there are times I'd like to scratch &quot;Shakermaker&quot; off the CD forever; and now that I've heard the songs live with the new band, I wish they'd  re-record the whole thing with Alan White on drums. Still, Definitely Maybe  is one of the best debut records ever and loaded with driving, energetic  rock and roll classics that will last for decades. I'd also venture to  comment that the critics who say the group is unoriginal have missed the  critical difference between acknowledged influence and plagiarism; the  songs are quite original within the brilliant tradition of British melodic  rock.
0060975768|3.0|Rarely do war books written so many years after the events they deal with have the vividness and detail of this one.  The authors are equally adept at discussing the battle itself and the events surrounding it.  While this book is not the greatest book on Vietnam (my vote is for Sheehan's _A  Bright Shining Lie_), it is a thorough and engaging account of a crucial  moment in the war.
0812550706|5.0|How can you consider yourself a fan of Science Fiction if you've never read Ender's Game? Actually... I only just read it a month ago- but boy am I ashamed of myself for having waited so long! I had to read it again a week ago since I couldn't believe I'd loved it so much, and when phrases like, \\"The best book I've ever read!\\" come to your mind- you'd better be pretty  certain. It goes high on my list with Dune and very few others. It will  enrapture you.<br />The story is simple. It is the future. The Earth has had  a severe run-in with a race of hostile aliens we call the \\"Buggers\\". They  have invaded our planet twice, nearly wiping us out if it weren't for some  amazing luck. Now, decades later, the Earth prepares to retaliate against  the Buggers- defeat them before a third invasion can be launched against  us. We have a massive fleet, but need a leader. With that in mind, the  military turns to children for salvation... filtering out the most brilliant  strategic minds and molding them into commanders with what it takes to win  the war. At age 6, Andrew Wiggen (ENDER) is their best hope. This is the  story of his trials and training and SO much more.<br />Card does everything  right in Ender's Game. As a 24 year-old, I couldn't recommend any book  higher. If you are new to sci-fi, this will get you addicted. ............
0380018179|3.0|This book is so bittersweet - isn't that the way of life?  Ms. McCullough has weaved an intricate, captivating tale.  The story was extremely compelling, dramatic, and tragic.  The cursed love affair of Meggie and Ralf digs at the thorns all readers surely have in their own sides.  As a  Protestant, I was enthrawlled by the spiritual issues grappled with through  Catholic theology.   I so admire Ms. McCullough taking on such an epic  story that it pains me to give it only 3 stars, but I did for the following  reasons: 1. The last third of the book falls flat as the climax (Ralf and  Meggie) occured too soon and Justine couldn't hold it together on her own.   2.  I am a huge fan of description and detail, but the detail in this book  became tedious at times.   3.  Because the book spanned 60 years, it was  hard at times for me to feel connected to the characters when say 8 years  had passed without any knowledge of what had been going on in their lives.   But on the whole, a very admirable effort!
0812550757|5.0|I went through various stages of opinion while reading this book... First was, \\"Hey- why is this nothing like Ender's Game? Drats!\\" Then, \\"What is with all this Portuguese stuff, and religious garbage?\\" and \\"Why is Ender  some kind of space-detective?\\" And so I began trudging through this book  with a lack of enthusiasm. Then slowly but steadily, this story pulls you  in. You don't mind the lack of Game's glorious action. This is a very  mature piece.<br />I doubt that anyone will be able to read Ender's Game and  stop there. You want more. Speaker for the Dead is where you have to go. I  find it extremely hard to consider this a sequel, because never have I seen  an author switch his style this drastically within one series. Card forces  you to accept all of his changes, but those who adapt to this book are  highly rewarded! I found myself involved with Card's characters quite  alarmingly, and touched by his themes on so many levels.<br />One thing that  really impressed me- Card takes our first intelligent contact with aliens  and compares it with 16th century European explorers encountering the  natives of South America. It shows the barriers of language, technology,  religion, and misunderstandings -as well as mankind's need to control or  dominate any new race it meets. This book is like a history lesson that  teaches us not to make the same mistakes when we reach this point of our  future. Very interesting.<br />There is no doubt I will be continuing this  series.
0140177396|4.0|&quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; is a very powerful book about friendship.  It is the story of two laborers who drift from town to town in search of work.  Lennie the slow-minded giant can not seem to keep himself out of trouble and George is always bailing him out.  The two end up on a ranch with some  very interesting characters.  They are befriended by an elderly man who  just happens to have some money saved up, making their dream of owning  their own land and home a possibility.  That dream comes to a sudden halt  though when once again Lennie gets himself into some serious trouble.   George, realizing that Lennie can not function in society brings the book  to a very powerful close.<br /> John Steinbeck does an excellent job  telling this story utilizing characterization.  Readers meet a great many  characters.  We get to know each one very well, especially Gorge and  Lennie.  Steinbeck gives readers insight into how the characters think so  that we understand why they do the things they do, such as  why Slim acts  so tough all the time and why Lennie can not keep himself out of trouble.   By the end of the book readers know the characters so well that we can  understand why they have to do the things they do.
B00000ILDE|5.0|The only movie to scare me as a child still gives me a rush at 24- Fourteen years later! Never really cared for S. Weaver, but Aliens has enough strong points to bring it to the top... even today. Gripping tension.  Superb supporting cast. Cool weapons. A downright meticulous setting. And  of course, the most frightening enemies of any sci-fi movie.<br />With his  choreography, James Cameron was born to direct Aliens (Forget Titanic),  although the ending could have gone better. Three of the four movies all  end the same way... Ripley thinks she is safe in her escape craft, but the  big Alien hops onboard for one final confrontation, which results in it  getting ejected into the vacuum of space. But if you are going to see one  of the Alien movies- this is definitely it.<br />Now, this special edition  director's cut comes out, and I usually don't like my favorite movies  tampered with. However, Aliens was taken to another level with excellent  footage, which should never have been left out (17 mins worth). It is in  widescreen format (the only way to see it), and the sound has been THX  remastered- so you can't tell their screams from yours. This is very worthy  stuff.
B000002H97|5.0|Im sorry, but for those of you who think that Metallica is a sellout band, then, you just aren't a Metallica fan.  Metallica is the greatest band every to set foot on the earth.  I could chill and listen to their amazing  albums every hour of the day.  They make you feel good inside to hear the  crash of the cymbols, and the chords on the guitars.  Metallica may have  gotten a little bit softer, but that was to get more fans into their music.   More fans means more money. Means more albums to come will be faster and  more metal.  Those of you who don't like this album shouldn't call  Metallica sellouts, call yourself a fairweather fan!
6305308659|5.0|Wonderful example of filmmakers fantasy turned to reality as writer Gary Ross (Big, Dave) takes the director's chair for the first time in this marvelous story of contemporary values thrust upon the `Father Knows  Best'-like world of the 50's.<br />Could Marion Cunningham (Happy Days) lust  for another man? Could Wally (Leave it to Beaver) go `all the way'? Those  are no longer conundrums in the fictional town of Pleasantville, after a  couple of 90's teens, through what might only be described as `movie  magic', are swept right into `TV Land\\".<br />The story has every bit the charm  of both the other Ross pictures, and a smart cast of William H Macy, Reese  Witherspoon, and Joan Allen, with a wonderful performance by Don Knotts.  <br />The visual effects are superb, the use of color deliberately to accent  the stark b/w landscape of Pleasantville, is worth the price of admission  alone.
B000002C1X|5.0|I first got The Wall when I was fourteen with Dark Side of the Moon.  I had been encouraged by my dad and friends to try Pink Floyd.  I barely knew anything about them.  I myself asked the question &quot;Which one's  Pink?&quot; (from &quot;Have a Cigar&quot; in Wish You Were Here&quot;).  I  wish I found Pink Floyd earlier.  The Wall is a masterpiece that ranks up  with Dark Side of the Moon (which I refered to as the greatest album of all  time in my Dark Side of the Moon review).  The Wall isn't just a concept  album but the story of a man living behind a psychological wall throughout  his life.  He begins building this wall as a child when he discovers his  father's death in WWII, when he is bullied by his teachers, and raised by  an overprotective mother.  He grows up to become a rock star.  Then he  completely closes the psychological wall isolating him from the world after  the discovery of his wife's unfaithfulness.  Then, completely isolated and  alone, he is unable to cope with the sex, drugs, and rock and roll of his  stardom.  As a result he goes insane and (under the influence of drugs)  leads an insane fascist group until he questions what he's done.  He trials  himself in his head for creating the homophobic racist mob and punishes  himself by tearing down the wall.  Then, with the psychological wall gone,  he realizes there are still people who really love him.  This album had  supurb lyrics (on Roger Waters' part) and excellent music.  Buy it and  listen to it alone in the dark with full attension and grasp its greatness.
0385120508|4.0|In Barbara Taylor Bradford's novel, &quot;A Woman of Substance&quot;, the theme is that people must work hard for what they want in life is clearly shown.  Emma Harte, a very poor little girl goes through many hard times  before she ends up being one of the richest and strongest women to live.   Bradford develops this moving story through the use of setting, conflict,  and characterization to create the powerful theme.<br /> &quot; A Woman of  Substances&quot; portrays how hard it's for the poor people to have a  mellow life. Barbara Taylor B. describes this big problem in life with Emma  Harte the main character of the novel. Bradford uses conflict throughout  the story to show how capable Harte was of solving all of these  difficulties. Through Emma, Bradford let's people know that no matter what  the situation is, you can't give up.
B000002KHF|5.0|This album is packed with Morrison's unique and staggering blend of blue-eyed soul.  It's ironic to me that &quot;Moondance&quot; was the break-out song here since it's my least favorite song on the album.  The  best songs here, especially &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; and &quot;And It  Stoned Me&quot; are among the best ever recorded by anyone and the rest is  amazing and timeless as well.  I guess I prefer &quot;Astral Weeks&quot;  and &quot;St. Domic's Preview&quot; as albums but any Morrison fan needs to  own this one, too.
B00004STPT|4.0|First of all, the music in the trailer is not on the cd.  It's a composition from Conan the Barbarian and Basil Poledouris has written the song.  But, for me it's not a problem, because i'm a big fan of both Lisa  and Hans. If you like big loundness orchestral music, you will like the  soundtrack.  And with Lisa, you will find little quiet gems. This  soundtrack gave me all i want for the price.
0783225792|5.0|Once again--no big surprise--Scorsese makes a wonderfully-entertaining, tough, honest, and brilliantly-acted film.  He is simply without peer as a director, capable of hurling you into an alien environment like an 80's  casino and make you come out feeling far-more enlightened and entertained.   I must say, however, that this film is pretty tough to take more than once  in a while.  The characters and behavior in the film are often so repulsive  and unsympathetic, you feel grateful for the honesty even as you cover your  eyes.  I still remember when they found the real Spilottro Brothers in that  cornfield.  Now i feel like I know exactly how they died and it ain't  pretty.  Any fan of film artistry must at least see this one.  Whether you  own it is a matter for your wallet and your stomach.
0061002747|5.0|This is the benchmark for all crime and suspense novels. An instant classic by the Grand Dame herself, it sucks you into an intricate web that you fail to entangle. A train moving through the orient, a list of  passengers representative of many segments of the population, the extremely  modest Hercule Poirot. What more could you want? Watch for the stunning  climax that will leave you in awe of Agatha's unique gift. Her greatest  talent i think, it the way she satirises her readers through the  &quot;pathetic&quot; Poirot
0440219078|3.0|The Giver is a good book that shows you that even when it is a perfect world there are still bad things that can hppen.
B00000J6AG|5.0|So I'm slow...this is the first Moby CD I've listened to.  But what I lack in speed--or should I say, trendiness?--I make up for in endurance.  This CD travels constantly between my car and privately owned espresso business,  not to mention that it's recorded onto my computer's jukebox.  Moby layers  his rich electronica with heartfelt lyrics, haunting synth-sounds, and  spiritual questions. He gives soul to his concoction of throbbing dance  beats and multiplying textures of sound. He strips off his shirt to bear  his heart...and let's it beat loudly for all to see.  And hear.  The  pulsing repetition is only a backdrop to this looping soundtrack of life.
0679746048|5.0|Girl Interrupted is a very good book.  This book deals with suicide and it really makes you think.  It brings up a lot of different issues most people probably never would think about.  The beginning is very fast reading.  By  the end of the story it reads a little slow.  It is very interesting to see  how this 18 yr. old girl lives her life in the ward.  And to see the way  she deals with her problems.  The book really jumps around a lot from dates  and also between characters.  A lot of different characters are introduced  into the picture so you really have to pay close attention, you can get  lost very fast.  The book really lets you get an insight into the way the  hospital was and also lets you see the different characteristics of the  patients.
B000002UY3|4.0|I first heard this CD by accident. I went to a thrift store and bought a blank tape with &quot;mix tape&quot; scrawled on it by its previous owner, and decided to buy it and let the contents surprise me. That's the best 25  cents I ever spent. First, I heard &quot;Holah&quot; which I had heard  before; and after hearing their dreamy vocals, I wondered why I never  bought any of their CDs before. I never knew such a small detail like the  subtle clash of the tambourine could really make the difference on a CD.  But it's Mazzy Star's attention to detail on this CD that makes it such a  masterpiece. It's smooth and emotionally intrusive at the same time--which  makes it a perfect CD to accompany a contemplative drive or a thoughtful  evening. And the tape from the thrift store wore out quickly...so I bought  the CD.
B00003CWQ2|4.0|Sorry I couldn't give this five stars: I thought at the beginning, which was quick and intelligent, it was going to continue the high quality.  But brother, did this need some editing. It was forty minutes too long. The  homoerotic team fight club stuff is the slow part, believe it or not. It  just DRAGS and DRAGS. It comes complete with clubhouse.  The choreographer  from the GAP commercials could have helped with the actual fighting.. I  mean...pump it up, guys, if you're gonna do it right, or cut it, please.  The acting is superlative, however. Edward Norton is one of our truly great  younger actors and Brad Pitt is amazing, for Brad Pitt.  I had no idea he  had a brain, even, until I saw this.  He is really good.  They are both  perfectly cast, and Helena Bonham Carter is terrific as the desperate soul  who hooks up, lost as well, with Norton and Pitt in this intriguing study  of what happens when modern society cannot nurture us, instead forcing a  response from some of us that might be deemed over the edge in every way.  When you're dead inside, perhaps you need to get your outsides beaten up to  feel anything... and perhaps it's better to feel anything--even pain, than  to be dead.<br />best wishes,<br />Jean
0767849493|4.0|This movie is like a breath of fresh air (and I'm not only saying that because I share my first name with its &quot;chosen one&quot;). After watching movie upon movie that portrays God as a mean, white taskmaster  sitting in his golden throne ambivalent to everyone--this movie was truly  refreshing. I mean sure, there are some inconsistencies that are never  quite resolved (why again was an all-powerful God unable to sever his/her  being from the body trapped in the hospital?), but overall, I think it  captures a side of God that is too often neglected by filmakers today. For  example, when Alanis Morisette is smelling the flowers and doing handstands  against trees, it's a wonderful picture of God's love for Creation and the  fact that He doesn't always have to be played by someone Charleton  Heston-like. And the text screens about the platypus that play at the start  of the movie are the perfect responses to anyone who tries to be offended  by this movie that offers to look at God while (gasp!) experiencing humor  and joy instead of guilt and condemnation.
0784011796|5.0|&quot;Pi&quot; achieves a new level of artistic streangth for the independant film market. Paced furiously with a great techno song which suprisingly never becomes dull. The photography sets the ultimate tone for  the film never giving the audience and edge. This film is definately not  for everyone, but is worth seeing for those who love new-age artistic  cinema. Expect many conversations with your friends about this one. I can't  wait to see what the filmakers come up with next.
6302869390|5.0|Please, we wishing this video.<br />The Concert for Bangladesh (1971)    Rated:   Starring: George Harrison, et al.  Director:  <br />Edition Details: * NTSC format (US and Canada only) * Color, HiFi Sound, Closed-captioned,  NTSC * ASIN: 6302869390 <br />Thank you,<br />Ruben<br />Excuse my english.
0385484518|5.0|What do we need to know about death?  A human question wondered by many.  This book my not have all the answers, but you'll find some.  You find answers not only on death, but friendship, love and other topics.  You can  tell Mr. Albom truly wrote this from the heart and deeply changed his life  because of his dear professor.<br />   Recently, my grandma died and this book  comforted me in knowing that death is not to be feared.  &quot;In learning  to die, you learn to live,&quot; is what Morrie said.<br />   I recommend it  to anyone and believe all people should read it to come to a deeper  understanding of life.
0375703764|5.0|This novel was truly a masterpiece. Some people look at the footnotes and think how pretentious and fake they are (not seeing the hidden irony that Mr. Truant comes right out and says it point blank in the introduction, not to mention the hidden novel-esque qualities the listed titles, struck out  lines, and diary-like projections they were intended to make), and some  call it pointless (not seeing the irony in that the point is in it's  pointlessness), but it's the best damn book I've read in a long time. It  draws you in, it forces you to think, it makes you look back and make those  connections that you were intended to make, leaving those childish and done  things like symbolism to the reader. It's an interpertation.
B000002G1Y|5.0|This was my first Hiatt CD.  Of course, I'd heard him before (Pink Bedroom, etc.), but hadn't paid him much attention.  This one blew me away.  &quot;Old Habits&quot; and &quot;Permanent Hurt&quot; are the favorites.   The guitar bridge on &quot;Old Habits&quot; was one of the best licks I  heard when I first got the CD.  Again, one of the best of the 90's.
0783240287|5.0|Our family loved it! Video and sound (DTS) were excellent on the DVD.  The music is infectious. The Potapher costumes were a little risque for my tastes, but our 7 &amp; 5 year olds didn't notice it at all.  Both  Freidman and Osmond were outstanding.  Our daughter wants her school to do  &quot;Joseph&quot; next year.  I am ordering a cast CD right now!
6305426651|5.0|This film has been surrounded by such controversy, which is a shame, as it celebrates (in fiction form, remember this is a MOVIE not a documentary) the triumph of love, imagination and spirit during one of the darkest  moments in recent human memory.<br />Benigni does a wonderful job portraying a  man in love with life and drawing those he loves into that fascination of  how ludicrious, how wonderful life really is...the best scene in the movie  is when he explains to Joshua, that well, some stores don't like certain  people, as a matter a fact, his Chinese friend with a kangroo was not  allowed into a store...the father and son then decide, fine, they won't  allow spiders or Visigoths into their store.  Guido (Benigni) goes on to  grumble about how tired he has become of those Visigoths...all to shield  his child from the hate spilling into their lives.<br />This movie is so  deserving of the recognition from the Academy Awards last year.  I  recommend the subtitles over the dubbing, even if you have to rewind and  watch it again.<br />Si, Roberto, la vita e bella (and so is your story)!
0670871761|5.0|This is a book I often send as a gift for new babies.  My son is two and a half and has loved to have this book read to him since he was a few months old.  The concept is what a baby can see.  The story is told in a catchy  rhyme which is fun to read (a plus for the parent who reads a lot of books  to their child!) and easy to listen to.  The board book has the added  attraction of cut out round holes to give us the baby's view of the world -  'Peepo!'.  For the baby or toddler listening to the story this is a bonus  as they can put their hands through the hole and add a new sensation to the  experience.  The illustrations themselves give a nostalgic view of working  class family life in post-war Britain.  They are crammed with detail and  give the child plenty to look at and for while listening to the story.  The  best kind of story reading experience for the very young child.
6305426651|5.0|This film has been surrounded by such controversy, which is a shame, as it celebrates (in fiction form, remember this is a MOVIE not a documentary) the triumph of love, imagination and spirit during one of the darkest  moments in recent human memory.<br />Benigni does a wonderful job portraying a  man in love with life and drawing those he loves into that fascination of  how ludicrious, how wonderful life really is...the best scene in the movie  is when he explains to Joshua, that well, some stores don't like certain  people, as a matter a fact, his Chinese friend with a kangroo was not  allowed into a store...the father and son then decide, fine, they won't  allow spiders or Visigoths into their store.<br />This movie is so deserving  of the recognition from the Academy Awards last year.  I recommend the  subtitles over the dubbing, even if you have to rewind and watch it  again.<br />Si, Roberto, la vita e bella (and so is your story)!
B000002I25|5.0|take dylan's poetry, team it up with jim's haunting voice, a great bass, along with keys, and this is the album you will get. i have heard it many times, and it never gets boring. in fact, it gets better with every listen,  that is the mark or a great album.
630575067X|5.0|I have been a fan of star wars since I was young and I have seen every movie at least 100 times, and I've read some where in the neighborhood of 30 star wars books and I believe, except for a few flaws that this movie  stays true the star wars universe.
B00004SVIK|5.0|this is a masterpeice. i love the studio, but this one blows it away. if you are interested in floyd at all, get this, you won't be dissapointed.
6305750750|4.0|If you've never seen or have largely forgotten the original Star Wars, you'll probably find Phantom Menace a pleasant summer diversion, a fun sci-flick with wondrous special effects. Like a good Disneyland ride, its  energy swoops and dips at all the right moments, making us cheer and boo on  cue, leaving us satisfied and entertained, though never quite surprised.  Not bad at all; pass the popcorn.<br />To fans of the original, instead,  Phantom Menace needs more spice, more unpredictability. And given the  title, it needs more &quot;dark side&quot;, too. <br />The actors turn in a  detached, polite journeyman's performance; they hold back, almost as if  they were rehearsing. They remain clustered together in corporate ensemble  scenes, mired in loyal teamwork. You'll sorely miss the smirking wit and  swagger of the original's Han Solo, the dark magnetism of Darth Vader, or  the punchy originality of the early alien characters. The Phantom Menace's  only showstopper, Darth Maul, is given little screentime and then quickly  dispatched after  the regulation sabrefight at the OK Corral. <br />Some  ensemble acts sparkle, but Phantom Menace is of the blander variety,  probably the calculated outcome of a marketing $trategy that made special  effects -- not actors -- the key selling point. The SFX are indeed  excellent,  but would have benefited from a tighter focus on close-in  details, rather than vast virtual landscapes filled with hundreds or  thousands of faceless, identical, computer-generated clones. <br />Character  and plot developments are thin. The director refrained from introducing  strong new elements, preferring to backfill details in a saga you're  supposed to know by heart. The hazy plot threads get somewhat lost in the  grandiose scenery. The actors look familiar, but more central casting than  blockbuster-caliber. Aside from the underwater scenes, the sets are  regulation Star Wars, robbing us of any sense of surprise. The script is  mild, formulaic and polite, suitable for all ages.  The aerial dogfights  have a been-there, done-that, seen-it-the-first time feel.<br />Despite all  those faults, the Phantom Menace is an easy movie to like, precisely  because it's such a faithful variation of the original. It has at least one  epic moment (the pod race) and you do get to enthuse about some fan trivia  (how *did* Ewan McGregor manage to sound like a young Alec Guinness?). Just  pray for a bolder, character-driven, more flavorful sequel ...
B000002H97|5.0|After buying this album 2 months ago I have not been able to take it out of my player - it's just so good. The album starts off with the well known 'Sandman' - a fiery lullaby tune, next comes 'Sad' - one of the best slow  riff songs i've ever heard. The pace picks up with 'Holier' - another gem.  'The Unforgiven' ensures we all don't get premature deafness - it's a great  song with Hetfield leaving out his infamous growls for once.  The standard  (in my opinion) stays high all the way through until 'Struggle' - a great  song to end with. My personal favourite would have to be 'Misery'- the solo  in the middle is just SO good - 'Newkids' little bass thing is also  legendary. If you're anyway into rock music at all get this album (not  necessarily here).
B000023X9W|5.0|I've only listened to Neil's new disc twice so far, but I already love it.  It's wonderful mellow country fun and heartbreak all stirred up in a muddy jug seasoned with flavorings from the past and a dash of dreams of the  future.<br />There are great helpings of soulful playing and singing on this  disc, which is in the &quot;Harvest&quot;/&quot;Harvest Moon&quot;  vein.<br />Standout songs after two listenings include the title track, a love  song as endearing as it is simple; &quot;Daddy Went Walking,&quot; a vivid  song-photo of dad; &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again,&quot; which looks at  the past with a smile; the bittersweet &quot;Red Sun;&quot; &quot;Distant  Camera,&quot; which I just love and  which offers up the thematic crux of  the album (&quot;...if life is a photograph fading in the mirror/All I want  is a Song of Love/Song of Love to sing to you...&quot;); &quot;Razor  Love,&quot; which is as beautiful and painful as it sounds; and  &quot;Without Rings&quot; which feels like an instant classic, evocative  and timeless, as is the rest of the disc.  On this last track, Neil takes  his voice down toward the bottom of his range, very effectively.  I love  the repeating guitar riff under his low voice.  It's just perfect.  &quot;Angel without wings/Owner without things...My software isn't  compatable with you.&quot;<br />I notice I listed almost all of the albums  tracks as &quot;standouts&quot;.  I can't say enough good things about this  new collection.  I've had it playing a third time as I write this review,  and it's just really got me feeling good.  A definite must-buy for any Neil  fan, and a great place to start for anyone who's never been into Neil  Young, but has always thought about maybe getting one of his CDs someday.  Let someday be today.<br />I started my Neil collection about a decade ago  with &quot;Harvest Moon&quot;.  I loved that CD, and feel this one is as  good, if not better.  Great music, great lyrics, great playing, great  voice.  To paraphrase the title song, &quot;This kind of music never gets  old...&quot;To paraphrase the title song, &quot;This kind of music never gets  old...&quot;
0449227421|4.0|What a nice surprise! I just read this one because a friend of mine recommended it. I read Follett books before (The Needle and &quot;Lion&quot;) but wasn't convinced terribly (I think the settings of  the books were too historic for me (WW2, Afghanistan War).  But this one  has all the elements of a good contemporary thriller: believeable  characters, tempo and a nice plot with enough twists to keep you reading  for a while. Without putting Ken Follett down: it's the perfect beach read.
0780624890|4.0|Wesley Snipps is Blade a warrior at night and some kind of life during the day.At birth his mother was somehow bit by a powerful vampire named Frost,when Blade becomes an adult he is chosen to defeat these creatures of  night.Blade is no only a one man army and leathal but he has powers ,   beyond other normal vampires.<br />    But when Frost makes plans to rise the  blood god who will turn everyone it touches, Blade will go into battle to  stop the ritual.Good action and choreographed martial arts sequences ,  Blade is  Batman on battery acid.<br />    This DVD has more options then you  could ever want it comes complete with everthing but a kitchen sink if you  want to know how they made this super action movie then this DVD is for  you.
B000002KNU|5.0|Here we see the early Heads, prior to Eno, African rhythms,extra musicians; and what we get is a beautifully tight, engaging quirky little band with great tunes. There isn't a clunker in the bunch. This is what '77  New Wave in all it's glory was about. And of Course &quot;Psycho  Killer&quot; is maybe Byrne's best song ever. His manic vocals color all  the material on this essential album. Byrne and Jerry Harrison's funky  sputtering rhtythm guitars along with Tina Weymouths melodic inventive  basswork and Chris Frantz's solid drumming are a textbook example of a  great TIGHT modern band in action.
0440234743|4.0|I felt this was a great novel because of the fact the author included God is his plot. I enjoyed the missionary, her impact on Nate, and the peacefull ending of the book. I was able to read this book in a week. Being  the slow reader that I am, books normally take me much longer than that to  read. I was so into the characters, that I had to keep reading on. Forget  going out to the movies, stay at home and read this book!
B000002VMH|5.0|Very few times have I ever seen an album title so perfectly describe an artist and release. Forget comparing her with her past (and present) in the Eurythmics; with Diva, Annie Lennox makes audiences stand up and take  notice of her power and talent as an individual. With poignant lyrics, lush  orchestrations, and her incredible voice, Annie Lennox puts together a  brilliant and powerful piece of aural beauty. Even before Lillith Fair and  the \\"women's movement\\" in music came along, Annie Lennox was showing the  world how women really were \\"doin' it for themselves.\\" And she was doin' it  with style, grace, beauty, brains, power, and finesse.<br />The release begins  on a very strong note with \\"Why\\" which showcases the strength, power and  beauty of Annie's voice, accompanied by lush, beautiful orchestration. It's  no wonder this song was a huge success as a single in 1992. \\"Walking on  Broken Glass\\" was also released as a single and had a lot of success; it  still gets played a lot today on light rock stations. This is a very strong  and uplifting song. Unfortunately for me, some of its initial power and  edge has been lost because it has been overplayed, but that's just a  personal interjection. \\"Precious\\" gives us a bit of the soul rock flavor  that Eurythmics' fans are familiar with; this is a fantastic and strong  attitude song. \\"Legend in My Living Room\\" is another fantastic soul-rock  attitude song that tells it like it is; you'll be struttin' around with  your hands on your hips and singing along. \\"Cold\\" returns us to the deep,  lush, melancholic feel we started with in \\"Why\\" with just a bit of attitude  thrown in. \\"Money Can't Buy It\\" is a power pop attitude song enhanced by  powerful lyrics; you'll be swaying, clapping, and singing along to this  one. \\"Little Bird\\" is a catchy, fantastic, happy dance-and-sing-along song.  However, this is one of those rare occasions where the dance remix of the  song actually surpassed the brilliant original (thanks to UtahSaints, this  song was a resounding dance floor smash). Other reviewers have nailed the  beautiful \\"Precious\\" with a single word - atmospheric. The beginning  orchestration to \\"Stay By Me\\" had me thinking this was going to be a sappy  pop song. But as soon as Annie begins to sing, you become mesmerized by the  beauty of her voice; this is a beautifully crafted song. \\"The Gift\\" is a  powerful yet subtle piece, very deep with emotion; it reminds me of the  Blue Nile's release Hats. The CD concludes on a wonderfully fun note with  \\"Keep Young and Beautiful.\\" This is Annie's remake of an old classic, which  is executed perfectly, from her voice down to the old style sound and  record scratches. I can totally see Annie as a flapper singing this in a  speakeasy!<br />Falling in among my top 20 releases of all time, this release  easily gets a 5 star rating. Whether you let this album stand alone or  compare it with other Annie and Eurythmics releases, this is one of the (if  not THE) strongest albums released by Annie Lennox. Furthermore, this is a  strong piece of art in and of itself, and anyone who appreciates great pop  rock will love this album. Whether you are a fan of great orchestration,  fantastic and talented voices, or well-written and thoughtful lyrics, this  album has everything for everyone. I would recommend this album to almost  anyone. The only qualifier I would place is that a certain level of  maturity would enhance listening to this release, allowing the listener to  really understand the lyrics and let them truly make an impact. <br />This is  a fun, brilliant, powerful masterpiece. Buy it. If you already own it, play  it. The experience will be worth every moment.
B00003CXBK|4.0|Hardcore Japanese animation fans may find the subject absolutely blasphemous, but proof is in the pudding.  When I came out of the theatre with my hardcore animation friends I asked, 'Please tell me what happened  and why?'...everyone couldn't define motive to the movie in general and  then got red faced and began a rant about how good the animation was.   Anyone would be hard pressed to say this animation is lacking, but Miyazaki  in his age is becoming indulgent.  Sensible plots with entertaining pacing  have begun to slip a little to make way for scenarios which only showcase  accomplished animation without progressing the story. Several people I knew  shared my feeling of being extremely taxed by this film after the first  hour. Also on the negative, Miyazaki tends to rehash the same environmental  themes tirelessly with the 'evil humans desacrating the majestic earth upon  which they live' resulting in a huge supernatural catastrophy sweeping  intothe human villages. The dub was well done, surprisingly since the Anime  police claim all dubs are positively evil. This film is a little harsh for  children because of the decapitations and horrid deaths strewn around, so  the parent wanting to buy a 'Saturday afternoon pacifier' for the kids will  most likely spend more time Saturday night trying to calm the kids during  some frightful nightmares. This film is a must for all animation/anime  fans, but this isn't Miyazaki's best constructed film eventhough it is his  best animation to date.
0790729725|4.0|This is one of my favorite movies in the mafia genre. DeNiro and Pesci are great; Scorsese did a great job. However, the DVD itself is the major annoyance; it's single layer which means that the whole movie won't fit on  one side. The movie stops in the middle, at which point you have to take  the DVD out, flip it over, and restart it. I don't know if they plan to  re-release this DVD as dual layer in the future but I would recommend  holding off until you can watch the entire move uninterrupted.
6305165912|1.0|Without wishing to upset the others who have given this film glowing reviews, I must say that this film has to be the worst I have ever seen. Its' wafer thin story line , which also had holes a jet could fly through,  was so bad I had to resist ejecting the DVD. I only watched all of it so I  could give it a balanced review and maybe see if it had a scrap of worthy  dialog or even one small piece of humour that wasn't contrived or  derivative ( the urn ash all over the Dude, really ). All in all a waste of  money. The opposite of funny.
B000002NJS|1.0|This is supposed to be techno?  If that's the case, then 'N Sync must be a hardcore punk band.  I've listened to the tracks and there is no bold reinvention, no meaningful lyrics, no substance at all - just a somewhat  technologically-advanced version of the adult contemporary pap Madonna has  always recorded.  She somehow managed to turn what should have been 15  minutes of fame into 15 years, but it wasn't her music or singing that did  it.  Her voice is still very weak, the music is nowhere near as entrancing  as REAL techno, and the lyrics rehash the same themes - you've got  &quot;You're frozen when your heart is not open&quot; from  &quot;Frozen&quot;, and &quot;Your heart is not open so I must go&quot;  from &quot;The Power Of Goodbye&quot;.  Many of the other lyrics also sound  like a self-absorbed pat on the back, but that's to be expected from  Madonna.  Anyway, most techno sounds better without lyrics/vocals unless  they add something bold and interesting to the songs (like Underworld and  Apollo Four Forty) - that's not the case with the dull and predictable Ray  Of Light.  Trust me, once you get into some real techno (not some adult  contemporary act who's desperately trying to make teenagers think she is  cool) you'll forget this ever existed.
6305205620|5.0|You really don't have to be fan of metallica to enjoy this video because in the end it is just superb rock and roll. Everyone keeps saying that this concert seems &quot;unreahearsed&quot;. What? if anything i'm amazed about  how familiar and comfortable they are with every song they play and is it  me or is there a massive, pre-rehearsed stage explosion at the end (sorry  to give it away but its just too good)? You don't have to be a musician to  see these guys are flawless at what they do. I was simply blown away by  Kirk Hammets screeching guitar. He's playing like, a zillion notes a second  yet he doesn't even have to think about it. James hetfields volcals are  superb too. Those &quot;flaws&quot; people keeps noticing are deliberate,  he's just messing around with his voice. The audience are great, simply  RABID! There is a hilarious moment when Lars Ulrich crouches on the end of  the edge of the stage and simply stares at them with a wide-eyed  expression.<br />But anyway, the message is simple: if you wanna rock out or  just see a great concert, buy this DVD... or may the metal gods have mercy  on your soul!
B00003CXBK|5.0|I am very picky when it comes to anime and anime style movies.  I went to see this at my college movie theater and was treated with a movie that had a wonderful plot, special effects, and even character voices.  I was  surprised to find that even Gillian Anderson was the voice of the mother  wolf.  Mini Driver played one of the voices also.  And if anyone knows who  I'm talking about the person who plays the voice of the american Washu in  the Tenchi series played a voice though it was more of a cameo than  anything.  I suggest this movie to anyone who likes anime or just likes a  good story.
B000002KDI|5.0|This is a great place to start listening to Neil Young. You get the best of both of his worlds: gentle, accoustic Neil and loud garage rock with Crazy Horse. Also, since this show was performed on the exact day I was  born, it has special meaning to me. Highlights: My My, Hey Hey;  Powderfinger; Cinnamon Girl; Like A Hurricane; Comes A Time; When You Dance  I Can Really Love; Hey Hey, My My. After this one, I suggest getting Rust  Never Sleeps, After The Gold Rush, Unplugged, Harvest Moon, Tonight's The  Night.
B000002UA9|5.0|I have reviewed the entire UK original Beatle catalog with the purpose of providing readers with a practical review of each recording. Please, Please Me the group's 1st official L.P. has a raw, fresh, and spontaneous sound,  but most important it was very unique and a very challenging sound to all  listeners. From the famous count of 1,2,3,4...which introduces I Saw Her  Standing There to Twist &amp; Shouts, the strength, the rhythm, the beat,  the vocals and the delivery of the Beatles was very different from what was  being heard at the time. This album has more to do with a collection item  and pop classic album than with the contemporary music. Its value is found  in that it was composed and recorded before many of the 60's landmark  music: &quot;Satisfaction&quot;, &quot;You Really Got Me&quot;, &quot;Mr.  Tambourine Man&quot;, &quot;My Generation&quot;, or &quot;Good  Vibrations&quot;. Recorded all in one day, Lennon and Mc Cartney presented  producer George Martin with their best songs so far, and took a test on  each take to have then in or out of the album. I remember that original  version of Please, Please Me (&quot;a la Roy Orbison&quot;) almost was  excluded from the album as Mr. Martin preferred the &quot;fab four&quot; to  do a cover version of &quot;How Do You Do It&quot;. Fortunately, after  speeding up the tempo of Please, Please Me they went for the John and Paul  composition. In conclusion, the album witnesses the Beatles strength and  effort to record their material with George Martin who gave them their  first opportunity. For the young generation interested in finding out where  the 60's music comes from and how did it begin, this album is a great place  to start. To compare play early Beach Boys stuff, Dylan's first LP, or any  of the pioneers of Rock &amp; Roll (C. Berry, C.Perkins, B. Holy, F.Domino,  Elvis, etc.) and then play Please, Please Me and hopefully you will feel  the new sound which the Liverpool quartet brought to Pop music.   To  justify the 5 stars I would summarize the album as follows. Cover: Standard  for 1963 which normally was the faces of the group in a public place (not  artistic). Recording: as good as any LP of the same year. Group's playing:  superb for the time. Originality: The Lennon-Mac tunes and the cover  versions are outstanding. The final message: music started changing in  early 60's and the Beatles were one of the main responsible groups. It's a  Pop Classic.
B0007O38XU|4.0|Director Mel Brooks (Young Frankenstein & Blazzing Saddles) takes you to a distant galaxy of big laughs with \\"Spaceballs\\" Collector's Edition. The evil President Skroob (Mel Brooks) and Dark Helmet (Rick Moranis) seek to kidnap the Druish Princess Vespa (Daphne Zuniga) in a sinister plot to steal all the fresh air of the Planet Druidia. Only space hero-for-hire Lone Starr (Bill Pullman) and his trusted half-man/half-dog sidekick Barf (John Candy) can rescue the spoiled Princess and save her planet's atmosphere. Although not one of Brooks' most memorable comedies, \\"Spaceballs\\" (1987) is a very funny spoof of \\"Star Wars\\" and other Science Fiction favorites. The comedy delivers some memorable jokes, great sight gags and good comedic performances by Rick Moranis and John Candy. Mel Brooks is hilarious as both President Skroob and the Yoda-like Yogurt. \\"Spaceballs\\" had modest commercial success in theaters but became a cult classic upon television airings and home video release.<br /><br />\\"Spaceballs\\" Collector's Edition is a vast improvement over the previous DVD release. The 1987 comedy is presented in a 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen format. The picture quality isn't striking but it's still a pretty good transfer. Like the picture quality, the DTS and Dolby Digital 5.1 audio tracks get the job done. There are plenty of extras in this 2-disc DVD including a feature-length audio commentary with director Mel Brooks, the 30-minute \\"Spaceballs: The Documentary\\" featurette, three behind-the-scenes picture galleries, theatrical trailers, a 10-minute tribute to comedian John Candy and much more. If you're a fan of \\"Spaceballs\\" and own the previous DVD release, then you might want to think upgrading to the 2-disc Collector's Edition. Overall, \\"Spaceballs\\" Collector's Edition scores a \\"B+\\".
B000002UAF|5.0|Please also refer to my commnents of Please,Please Me and With The Beatles.  Album Cover: Although not as artistic as the cover of &quot;With the Beatles&quot; it is appropriate for the times and relates well to the  movie with the same title. Group's playing and Composition: Definitely the  high point of this album. The Lennon-Maca tunes are outstanding and  probably the best of the Beatles 1st period. In addition it is all  Lennon-Mac Cartney both sides. Originality: It maintains the originality of  the first 2 albums and improves their sound with different moods (acoustic,  rock &amp; roll, beat, etc.). Final message: Rich in composition, all new  tunes, and exceeds the expectations of a movie album. Is not as  revolutionary and raw as the previous 2 albums, but it is richer than any  of their previous recordings in all aspects. I gave 5 stars to their first  3 albums anyway. They are the Beatles after all and I do remember what a  record sounded like before them.    Other pertinent data: I recall Harrison  uses a 12 string Richembarker in some tunes (i.e. &quot;I Should Have Known  Better&quot;,  &quot;If I fell&quot;, &quot;Hard Days Night&quot; etc.)  which influenced Roger McGuin and Pete Townsand who ended up buying a  guitar like this. Nevertheless, their sound with this instrument was  different (Byrds and Who). Harrison also plays spanish guitar (wood and  nylon string) on &quot;And I Love Her&quot; creating a different atmosphere  and a departure from the groups typical electric beat tempo.
0800103661|5.0|... and striving for more in a world where being less than perfect defines and limits the person.  This is an intellectual property that embodies why humanity is the greatest thing in our world.  What a sublime picture of  what human beings can achieve no matter the obstacles set for them by their  government, society, families or peers.<br />The art direction, the score, the  costumes, the acting are all lovely, making this a beautiful film to watch.
B000002UAF|5.0|Please also refer to my commnents of Please,Please Me and With The Beatles.  Album Cover: Although not as artistic as the cover of &quot;With the Beatles&quot; it is appropriate for the times and relates well to the  movie with the same title. Group's playing and Composition: Definitely the  high point of this album. The Lennon-Maca tunes are outstanding and  probably the best of the Beatles 1st period. In addition it is all  Lennon-Mac Cartney both sides. Originality: It maintains the originality of  the first 2 albums and improves their sound with different moods (acoustic,  rock &amp; roll, beat, etc.). Final message: Rich in composition, all new  tunes, and exceeds the expectations of a movie album. Is not as  revolutionary and raw as the previous 2 albums, but it is richer than any  of their previous recordings in all aspects. I gave 5 stars to their first  3 albums anyway. They are the Beatles after all and I do remember what a  record sounded like before them.    Other pertinent data: I recall Harrison  uses a 12 string Richembarker in some tunes (i.e. &quot;I Should Have Known  Better&quot;,  &quot;If I fell&quot;, &quot;Hard Days Night&quot; etc.)  which influenced Roger McGuin and Pete Townsand who ended up buying a  guitar like this. Nevertheless, their sound with this instrument was  different (Byrds and Who). Harrison also plays spanish guitar (wood and  nylon string) on &quot;And I Love Her&quot; creating a different atmosphere  and a departure from the groups typical electric beat tempo.
B000002KIE|5.0|Let's keep this short and simple.  This is one of the greatest and most influential recordings in history.  Amazing burst of power, anger, politics, and frustration with the status quo, all expressed in  unforgettable punk form.  Unsurpassed and truly unique!
B000002UAC|5.0|See my comments on the Please, Please Me album. To give you a practical review approach I want to start by summarizing. Cover: Artistic with a photo of the fab four that became a classic. Recording: several  improvements over Please, Please Me, in studio dubbing plus the use of  additional instruments. Group's playing and composition: Much better than  the previous album and still maintains the freshness and tempo of Please,  Please Me.  Originality: Compositions are original for 1963 and richer than  the previous album. Final message: A better album the their 1st and another  great place to start listening to early 60's music. Why does Pleaese Please  Me have 5 stars and not 4? Simply because Please, Please was their first  album and I still remember the impact it had on me when I discovered  it&quot;. A Fun place to start listening to the 60's music.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the best of all the RHCP's CD's. I especially love the new acoustic style. My favorite tracks are Otherside, Californication, Porcelain, and Road Trippin'. This is a great CD
B00000JG41|5.0|This is an album of uninterrupted greatness. The immediate profundity of &quot;California&quot; is amazing, and then you go back and listen to it 30 more times and each time you discover something new...hearing sound effects  and musical tracks so dense in the mix that you are awed with each listen.  Mr. Bungle gets better with each successive album and this is their current  watermark, their masterpiece, the finest output of their 15 year career. A  band together since High School, they have grown and matured and become  shining gods of music. Listen to this, then listen to their other albums,  listen to their side projects (Secret Chiefs 3, Mike Patton) and understand  that a musical genius behemoth has landed on earth and crushed all possible  competition. <br />If you do not own this album, you are ignoring your mind  and soul and they will get you for it.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dr. Dre's masterpiece 2001 is one of the most creative,orginal and addictive rap albums of the day.  His exquisit beats and explicit rhymes blended with his genuine Compton style creates 2001.  Dre re-invents beats  on this release drawing from all sources and connecting them into a  smooth-flowing invigorating groove capturing all ears.  Along with  performances from Long Beach rapper Snoop Dogg with his twangy voice and  Slim Shady (aka Eminem) and his hilarious no-nonsense rhymes, completes  this album.  Using genuine West Coast flavors, the doc is back on top and  releases his latest work which rivals his own orginal &quot;The  Chronic&quot; for the best rap album ever!
0792839218|4.0|Anthony Hopkins rises above a mediocre script to make this a heartwrenching and suspenseful thriller. The film is very entertaining and the little girl is brilliant. The strange imagery, the creepy ending,  Hopkins melancholy persona combine to make this a film worth viewing.
0684872153|5.0|I would give this book more stars if I could! I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a book so much.This is one of the funniest books ever written,and at the same time one must remember it is a very tragic  story.That's probably the reason for it's huge success and the reason for  Frank Mc'Courts survival.There is no point in going over the plot of the  book,I just want to say thanks to the author for giving us such a great  book,a book which has achieved the status of a classic in four years! To  the people of Limerick I want to salute.I have heard that many of them  hated the book,and thought it humiliating to their town and history.I can't  understand why.If anything,they are entitled to  recognition for their  suffering.Frank presented the whole world a piece of Irland's history.There  was (and there still is)hunger and poverty in many places and  countries.About some of them we don't know until someone like Frank  Mc'Court comes along and tells us about it.To anyone that hasn't read it  yet-run and buy the book and then save it for the next time you'll read  it,I sure intend to read it again.And again.
076783819X|2.0|Somehow this film just doesn't work. Jeff Bridges goes over the top and becomes irritating. The plot is laughably ridiculous. But on the other hand, the film has a cool blockbuster ending that it deserves kudos for  alone. I liked the film's premise, it just doesn't come off. I think  Bridges and Robbins were sorely miscast.
6305750750|4.0|A lot of people hated this movie.  What is there to hate, besides Jar Jar?  Actually, I didn't think Jar Jar was that bad.  He was kind of annoying for the first ten minutes, but then he grew on me.  I just hope in Episode  2 he goes through puberty and his voice changes and gets hooked on phonics,  because that did bug me.  Everything else was great.  Everytime there was a  lightsabre on screen, the movie ruled.  I've heard people say it was  boring.  If you think this movie is boring, you are not allowed to watch a  movie ever again. To a non Star Wars buff, the movie won't have the full  impact, being that certain clues to the other trilogy won't make any sense.   The pod racing sequence is truly amazing and I just love the sound that  Sebulba's pod makes.  Anyhow, this movie is a lot of fun, and remember it's  supposed to be a children's movie, as were the first three and don't judge  this until Episode 2 and 3 are out so you can watch all 6 on tape  (hopefully on DVD by then).  May the Force be with you.
6300163431|5.0|This film is full of haunting imagery, stellar performances, superb dialouge, and pure terror. The theme teaches us that old cliche, we have met the monster and he is us. How can I convey the pure wonderfullness of  this film, the New Orleans setting, the marvelous Rourke and DeNiro, the  relentless pacing as the mystery is unravelled. Look for the meanings of  the elevator, Times Square, blood being washed from the wall..... Symbolism  abounds
0783216084|5.0|&quot;Jaws&quot; is one of the best movies ever and definately on my top 3 list.  There is not one dull sceen in the whole movie.  Spielberg made a movie that makes any other movie about sharks since look like trash.  I've  seen this film countless times and it's one of the few films that I can  watch over and over again and right when I finish watching it, I want to  watch it again.  If you are an aspiring filmmaker and do NOT like this  movie, please change professions now.  We don't need people like you trying  to make movies when you don't like one of the finest.  Trust me, watch this  movie more than once.  It is awesome.  It better come on DVD soon or else  I'm going to cry.
6301963911|5.0|Annie Hall is Allen's best film in my opinion. Keaton is the perfect counterpart to the Woodman's neurotic whining. <br />The film is full of poignant beautiful dialouge like &quot;Love Fades&quot;...It rings true to  life.<br />The montage at the end is one of the best I have ever seen done,  and is listed in a film book I had to read for film criticism class.  There  is everything to love about this film. Watch for Jeff Goldblum, Paul Simon,  and one of the funniest sequences has Christopher Walken. A classic.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I work at a major video store, and I can't believe how much people HATE this movie.  9 out of 10 people feel it's terrible.  I never hear anyone complain about &quot;The Bone Collector&quot; or &quot;Stigmata&quot;,  which are truly pieces of garbage.  I do feel &quot;Eyes WIde Shut&quot;  was marketed completely wrong.  People just don't like movies that are  different.     People usually complain about this movie being slow.  They  usually say, &quot;It's so slooooww.&quot;  Does every movie need to be  fasssttt?  It is only slow if you have some problem keeping your attention  span focused.  This is truly one of the most engrossing and brilliant films  I've seen in a long time.  There is nothing else like it, unlike the other  titles mentioned above, but still people love to hate it.     The music,  acting, cinematography and pacing are PERFECT.  There may be a few minor  flaws, but the strenghts outweigh them 10 fold.  If you don't watch this  movie because your friends tell you it's awful, that's your loss.  Go back  to your &quot;Double Jeopardy&quot; and &quot;American Pie&quot; and let  people who KNOW what the cinema and Stanley Kubrick are all about.
B000002LGA|4.0|Lou Reed's music has always brushed against the political, but on &quot;New York&quot; he goes overt like never before.  The first three songs, climaxing with the classic &quot;Dirty Blvd.,&quot; are among the  best he's ever written.  Unfortunately, things get a bit more hit or miss  after that.  Many of the political concerns are now a bit dated (especially  since Rudy G. has significantly alterted the quality of life in the title  city).  Nevertheless, this is one of Lou Reed's better albums both  musically and lyrically.
B00000F14B|5.0|Looking for the musical that beat WEST SIDE STORY for the Tony Award?  You've found it here, in Meredith Willson's THE MUSIC MAN -- and its appearance on DVD, in widescreen format and with all the bells and  whistles, is long overdue.<br />Pop the disc in, and you'll immediately be  taken to the &quot;Right Here In River City&quot; documentary (you'll have  to press the MENU button on your DVD controls to get to the main menu so  you can actually view the movie -- why the disc goes immediately to the  documentary is rather odd). Hosted by Shirley Jones, who still looks great,  the top-notch, too-short documentary is crammed with lots of good stories  and bits of trivia, in the words of several of Those Who Were There.  You'll find out, for instance, which segments were actually filmed first,  how amazed Susan Luckey was at Robert Preston's ability to lip-synch  &quot;Trouble&quot; during filming, and why Shirley Jones wore so many  frills and flowers on her dress in the scene at the footbridge.<br />As for  the film itself -- the print is beautiful, and as someone who had only  experienced the film in pan-and-scan format, it is a delight to finally see  entire dance sequences without the cropping.  And you'll finally be able to  see all four members of The Buffalo Bills barber shop quartet (the poor  fellow singing bass could never be seen in TV-formatted versions).<br />There  are other, smaller moments that have always cried our for the letterbox  format, and if you watch both versions closely, you'll notice the real  advantages in seeing the entire scene as it was shot.  For example, one  particularly disorienting scene in pan-and-scan format is the &quot;Pick A  Little, Talk A Little/Goodnight, Ladies&quot; sequence, when Professor Hill  is speaking with Mrs. Shinn and the town ladies about Old Miser Madison,  and dismebodied voices drift in from off camera. At one point, Mrs. Shinn  says, &quot;Miser,&quot; and an off-camera voice says, &quot;Madison,&quot;  causing Mrs. Shinn to grimace.  In pan-and-scan, it looks like a mistake;  in widescreen format, the speaker is finally visible to Mrs. Shinn's right,  bringing the scene together in a logical fashion.  Sounds like a trivial  moment, I know, but that scene in pan-and-scan has grated me for  years!<br />The DVD also contains a theatrical trailer, but it's not the  trailer for the original 1962 release, but for the re-release a number of  years later.  It's still an interesting curiosity, featuring a reworked  version of the &quot;76 Trombones&quot; sequence with Preston signing new  lyrics about the film.<br />If there's any shortcoming in the disc, it lies in  the sound quality.  You'll have to crank the volume up a bit to hear  everything properly, but beware -- the moment you hit the MENU button,  you'll be blasted by and ear-splitting version of &quot;76 Trombones&quot;  on the menu screen.  Ouch.  Hit MUTE right before you touch MENU.  You'll  thank me later.<br />It's a worn out cliche, but they really DON'T make  musicals like this any more.  And if your only experience with THE MUSIC  MAN has been with the pan-and-scan format, do yourself a favor and pick up  either the DVD or the letterboxed VHS format.  You really WILL realize what  you've been missing.causing Mrs. Shinn to grimace.  In pan-and-scan, it looks like a mistake;  in widescreen format, the speaker is finally visible to Mrs. Shinn's right,  bringing the scene together in a logical fashion.  Sounds like a trivial  moment, I know, but that scene in pan-and-scan has grated me for  years!<br />The DVD also contains a theatrical trailer, but it's not the  trailer for the original 1962 release, but for the re-release a number of  years later.  It's still an interesting curiosity, featuring a reworked  version of the &quot;76 Trombones&quot; sequence with Preston signing new  lyrics about the film.<br />If there's any shortcoming in the disc, it lies in  the sound quality.  You'll have to crank the volume up a bit to hear  everything properly, but beware -- the moment you hit the MENU button,  you'll be blasted by and ear-splitting version of &quot;76 Trombones&quot;  on the menu screen.  Ouch.  Hit MUTE right before you touch MENU.  You'll  thank me later.<br />It's a worn out cliche, but they really DON'T make  musicals like this any more.  And if your only experience with THE MUSIC  MAN has been with the pan-and-scan format, do yourself a favor and pick up  either the DVD or the letterboxed VHS format.  You really WILL realize what  you've been missing.
B00000637V|4.0|The ground covered by Lou on his latest album was first tread by him on &quot;Berlin,&quot; which is a stunning achievment of pure gloom.  Jim and Caroline are the doomed protagonists of this fractured tale of drug abuse.   Toughest moment to get through: the children wailing &quot;mommy!&quot; in  the background while Lou sings &quot;they're taking her children away  because they said she was not a good mother&quot; on the song &quot;The  Kids.&quot;  A heartwrenching moment on an album the will hit you like  punch in the gut.  Only criticsm; it starts off kinda slow with the first  couple of songs before hitting its groove.
B00000JCB2|5.0|When I first heard of this band I thought that it would just be a bunch of noise, but I borrowed the CD from my friend and loved it.  50% of the songs are great and their is only about 2 bad ones.  There is not too much  swearing either.  Listening to this CD got me to like other bands like  Korn,Orgy,Dre, and Eminem.  I would definetly reccommend buying this CD.   Heck, my mom even likes it!
B000001FAS|5.0|Excluding the various &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; collections, this is simply the best Allman Brothers album.  Released just after the tragic death of guitarist Duane Allman, the band hit a peak that it would never  again attain.  The tracks are as varied as the half-hour plus  &quot;Mountain Jam&quot; and the two minute Duane Allman instrumental  &quot;Little Martha.&quot;  Well known cuts include raidio faves  &quot;Melissa&quot; and the awesome &quot;Blue Sky.&quot;  A great rock  album.
B000002AVF|2.0|With Mariah Carey's first three releases -- the eponymous debut, Emotions and the MTV Unplugged EP -- I had become a huge fan, listening to each song over and over.  But in 1994 Carey released her first unsalvageable piece of  crap, Merry Christmas, where she finally managed to render her voice  completely inexpressive, her arrangements eviscerated, and the Christmas  songs she was interpreting/writing painfully joyless and cold-blooded.  By  the time Daydream rolled along, I was less than thrilled, and the album  didn't change my mind.  I can't even remember half the songs on here, quite  frankly (this from an ex-fan who could almost recite every cymbal crash,  keyboard tinkling and vocal swoop from Carey's first three albums), and  what I can remember is all underwhelming:  &quot;Fantasy&quot;, giddy to  the point of being ridiculous, overarranged with a hip-hop beat that Carey  recycled for about five years afterwards; &quot;Underneath the Stars&quot;,  high-register vocals blending with a lifeless arrangement and another  cliche lyric, without a single musical hook in sight; &quot;One Sweet  Day&quot;, which ruins Boyz II Men's nice vocal ensembles with Carey's  oversinging (too many notes for too few syllables in the lyrics) and a  flat, comatose arrangement; and &quot;Always Be My Baby&quot;, another  uptempo Carey number without a pulse, the singer not able to write anything  catchy to back up the beats.<br />After this Carey would improve marginally  with Butterfly and then collapse right back into musical limbo with the  awful Rainbow album.  But I was tuning out.  Or perhaps I was outgrowing  her music, while legions of younger fans hopped aboard, ecstatic about  Carey's new dance/hip-hop direction.  Frankly, I find Carey's hip-hop  posings completely incompatible with her vocal and musical style.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I first saw this movie as a junior in high school, on a double bill with &quot;The Fly&quot; (as I recall, that was the only time I've ever seen tough teenagers running out of a theater).<br />It is packed with action, cool  effects, and convincing acting.  When that rat, Paul Riser, gets his due, a  little part of my heart smiles
B0000025RI|5.0|This whole album belongs in the songwriter's hall of fame. Everything on Thriller has a timeless quality to it, even independent of the sales records that the album shattered and the mania of Jackson's persona and performances.<br />\\"Beat It\\" and \\"Billie Jean\\" were both nominated for Song of the Year at the Grammys that year, and they actually deserve the honour. Michael Jackson has always been an underrated lyricist (his schmaltzy feel-good, \\"Heal the World\\" songs aside) with a gift for rhyme and turns of phrase, and \\"Billie Jean\\" is one of his best. For years I didn't even know what exactly he was singing about, but the way he sang those lyrics made the sentiments abundantly clear. And when I deciphered them the lyrics leapt out: \\"She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene...\\" And \\"Beat It\\" would be a great song even if it didn't have the distinction of bridging soul and rock and breaking the racial barrier at radio and MTV -- its thunderous chorus and instant-classic guitar riff (courtesy of Toto's Steve Lukather, who's always heinously overlooked in favour of the Eddie Van Halen solo) mesh perfectly with Jackson's larger-than-life persona to make the ultimate defiance anthem. \\"Thriller\\", written by Rod Temperton, is a marvellously constructed song rich in instrumental detail (Quincy Jones was pretty sharp back then), \\"Human Nature\\" is a lovely haze, \\"P.Y.T. (Pretty Young Thing)\\" is mindless fun at its best, \\"Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'\\" is the funkiest song in the Jackson pantheon, and even the somewhat silly Paul McCartney duet \\"The Girl Is Mine\\" sounds good in the context of an album that offers such a good time.<br />The Eagles may have broken Jackson's U.S. sales record, but Thriller remains the original blockbuster album. And a monolith in music history, even if you consider just artistic merit.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I have to admit, when I first heard of Slipknot, I thought &quot;Oh great, another Korn copier.&quot; But ever since I started listening to them, that opinion has changed completely. They rock. My favorite song by them is  &quot;Spit It Out&quot; , but I recommend you listen to all of the songs,  they will no disappoint you.
B0000029LG|4.0|With a package such as this it makes sense to do two distinct reviews.<br />Disc One, the greatest-hits collection, is a collection of Jackson's biggest singles:  &quot;Billie Jean&quot;, &quot;Black or  White&quot;, &quot;Rock with You&quot;, &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;Man in the  Mirror&quot;, &quot;Thriller&quot;, &quot;Beat It&quot;.  Most of the music  is hardly scrutable, though a commercial and artistic nightmare like  &quot;Heal the World&quot; managed to make the cut as well, possibly  because it's a personal favourite of Jackson's.  This hits-based approach  means that a lot of great oddities, album tracks and lesser-known classics  got left out:  &quot;Dirty Diana&quot; and &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; from  Bad; &quot;Human Nature&quot; from Thriller; and &quot;Off the Wall&quot;  from Off the Wall.  And because this is an Epic/Sony release, none of  Jackson's pre-Off the Wall solo singles (&quot;Rockin' Robin&quot;,  &quot;Ben&quot;) is represented.  Not a bad collection, but for $30 you  could probably snatch three out of Jackson's four Epic Records albums and  get more cohesive looks at Jackson's progression in the '80s.<br />HIStory's  value lies in its second disc which, though uneven and at times downright  bumbling, contains some good moments.  &quot;They Don't Care about  Us&quot;, controversial lyrics and all, is Jackson at his funkiest and  hardest; &quot;Stranger in Moscow&quot;, despite a sullen '80s synth beat,  is beautifully sung and written; &quot;D.S.&quot; is aggressive and  involving; and &quot;Earth Song&quot;, despite its cheesy lyrics, has  soaring multitracked vocals that sound pretty damn great after  awhile.<br />Low points:  &quot;You Are Not Alone&quot;, despite a nice R.  Kelly-penned melody, is simply too quiet and not very suited to Jackson's  vocal style (he lost his ability with balladeering since Bad);  &quot;Scream&quot;, the much-hyped duet with Janet Jackson, is one of  Jackson's worst songs, a terrible, noise-plagued arrangement coupled with  the Jacksons' completely incompatible voices and no real melody; &quot;Come  Together&quot; lacks the bite that seemed to have been there on the video  version that appeared on Moonwalker (which served to end the &quot;Smooth  Criminal&quot; video and featured searing guitarist Jennifer Batten); and  &quot;Smile&quot; is a meaningless ditty, supposedly a Chaplin tribute that  seems to have come out of nowhere (just like having Elizabeth Taylor write  a passage in the liner notes of HIStory).<br />The hits collection serves as a  tool of convenience for hearing all of Jackson's hits without having to  change discs and the second disc contains enough good moments that HIStory  is still a good buy.  But don't expect the new material to surpass Thriller  or Bad, and don't expect the hits disc to achieve the coherence of a  Jackson album -- even one as flawed as, say, Dangerous.
B000003N7K|5.0|The best of jazz musicians usually have one album that they are known for.  With Miles Davis, it is &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;.  With Stan Getz, it is &quot;Getz and Gilberto&quot;.  While John Coltrane is probably better  known for &quot;A Love Supreme&quot;, I feel &quot;John Coltrane and Johnny  Hartman&quot; is much superior.  John Coltrane was easily one of the most  influential jazz musicians of his time.  While technically, he was not as  good as Charlie Parker on the sax, he played with much better arangements.   This CD is made up of six ballads in which Coltrane's tenor accompanies the  voice of singer, Johnny Hartman.  The two of them go together perfectly and  record some of the greatest music ever recorded.  All the songs fit just  right on this album and there is not a single flaw to be heard on this  album.  For the begining jazz listener, I would recomend this album along  with the other two I mentioned above. I never came across anyone who did  not enjoy this CD and it is easy to hear why.  Words cannot due this album  justice.  It has to be heard to be believed.  It's worth every cent.
B0000025F7|5.0|It's hard to believe with the benefit of afterthought that Michael Jackson's solo career took such a long time to take off, namely a good part of a decade.  But when it did, it rose into unprecedented heights both  commercially and artistically.<br />Jackson at this point had not yet evolved  into the strange, shrieking vocal imp of his post-Bad era, and his singing  on this record is remarkable, a sexy yet wholesome, soulful yet understated  delivery capable of many shadings.  The falsetto of &quot;Don't Stop 'til  You Get Enough&quot; is almost like Prince; &quot;Off the Wall&quot;'s  brooding beat is irresistible; &quot;Rock with You&quot; is dreamily  romantic and gorgeously sung; and &quot;Working Day and Night&quot; is a  breathless rush, classic dance music.  Then there's the celebrated  balladeering of &quot;She's Out of My Life&quot;, which remains one of  Jackson's best ballads to this date, a mode that he lost touch with  starting with Dangerous.<br />Michael Jackson may be behind the times now, but  back in 1979, he was way ahead.
1558908420|4.0|Aside from Sly Stalone, this film could have been called Scorsese Land.  A handful of the great director's usual actors make appearances such as DeNiro, Keitel, Liotta, and Cathy Moriarity.  It is a great cast too.   James Mangold's film is an impressive thriller about a sheriff in a New  Jersey town full of corrupt New York cops.  Stalone's performance is really  good despite the weak written character.  The supporting characters are  great esp. Keitel's chracter who is played with a very sinister style only  Keitel could do.  DeNiro and Liotta are both very good too.  The films  seems to drag at times and the dialogue can be weak too at parts but the  cast and the directing keep the film just where it should be.  It is a very  good film overall and should be viewed by those who enjoy good thrillers.
B000002BQK|3.0|Small improvements in the songwriting department are weakened by Carey continually deteriorating arrangements, lack of artistic cohesiveness, and the central stylistic conflict that plagues her to this day -- that she's  simply not suited to singing dance songs, and she has nary a funky bone in  her.<br />Certain tunes recovered a little melodic sense:  The title track,  &quot;Butterfly&quot;, finds Carey rediscovering some of her balladeering  skills; &quot;Babydoll&quot; and &quot;Breakdown&quot; sound pretty good,  as does &quot;Outside&quot;.  But &quot;Honey&quot; continues to milk the  zombie that was her &quot;Dreamlover&quot; formula, resulting in another  limp-wristed dance tune, and &quot;My All&quot; matches sub-par lyrics with  unmemorable melodies for yet another Carey ballad that missed the  catchiness and melodic appeal of Carey's pre-1993 ballads while retaining  the schmaltz.<br />And on she marches, selling more records year after year,  but her music no longer means anything to me.
0780626478|4.0|This is a fun modern-day version of Rip Van Wnkle. This movie made me laugh. Good performances, funny plot.
B00000269M|5.0|All the press oversaturation and rumours of bizarre behaviour really hurt Michael Jackson's public image, thus obscuring the fact that Bad, hokey cover and all, is a very strong album and another jewel in Jackson's  crown.<br />Jackson contributes more songs to this album than ever before,  penning four out of the album's five record-breaking #1 singles:  &quot;I  Just Can't Stop Loving You&quot;, a duet with the wonderful Siedah Garrett  that is probably Jackson's last great ballad performance; &quot;Bad&quot;,  funky and weird, very catchy, with its signature &quot;How Now Brown  Cow&quot; rhythm; the gyrating &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot;; and  &quot;Dirty Diana&quot;, a metal song with great production and a  cacophonous guitar performance by Steve Stevens.  The fifth chart-topper,  &quot;Man in the Mirror&quot;, is an undeniable classic.  Taking Jackson's  save-the-world sentiment and translating it into poetry, strong melodies  and evocative imagery, songwriters Garrett and Glen Ballard created  Jackson's best &quot;We Are the World&quot;-type song, complete with an  appropriately booming gospel choir and dynamics to spare.  <br />The less  popular songs are equally good:  The Stevie Wonder duet &quot;Just Good  Friends&quot; is heavenly, &quot;Liberian Girl&quot; is breathy and  sensual, and &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; is Jackson at his most  hard-hitting, a killer groove with crisp beats, synth work, perfectly  placed sound effects, and Jackson's vocals going into manic mode.  The  lyrics verge on the nonsensical, but the energy is devastating and  intoxicating.  Even the CD bonus track &quot;Leave Me Alone&quot; is  worthy, a funky keyboard riff opening the song which is Jackson's protest  for privacy, yet with enough of a sense of humour not to make it too  self-pitying.  And the music videos (available on the Moonwalker home video  as well as ) were groundbreaking -- &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; a cinematic  dance masterpiece with killer choreography and &quot;Leave Me Alone&quot;  an animation breakthrough.<br />Bad was the first English-language album I  ever bought (in 1988, at the height of its popularity).  Needless to say, I  have an unusual affection for it.  To be fair, Michael Jackson's music is  distinctly a product of the '70s and an emblem of the '80s, accounting for  its dated sound in the context of the '90s and in the first decade of the  21st Century.  On Bad, though, Jackson was still at the top of his game in  songcraft and charisma, making Bad an essential listen.
0451191153|5.0|This was definitely a life changing book for me. I read it in high school and immediately fell in love with Howard Roark and all of his ideals. Rand did an amazing job putting together a novel that really expresses that intangible desire to be more -- particularly considering the fact that the book was written in English, which was her second language.<br />The fact that most people who come to Rand as a writer move on to explore her philosophies, well, that's somewhat of a disappointment. I did, too. Ordered all sorts of pamphlets and immersed myself for a while in all of the Objectivist activities. But she was not a perfect woman; she was not a good role model or philosopher. But she WAS one hell of a story teller. And this is a story to hold close to your heart.<br />It also is an ideal gift for anyone making a big change in their lives -- graduation, moving, job change.
B0000026WD|3.0|Was it because he fired Quincy Jones?  Was it because he finally lost touch?  Or was it too much of a desperate attempt to top Thriller?  In any case, Dangerous is the first truly uneven Jackson album, most of the dance  tracks following the mold of &quot;Speed Demon&quot; (Bad's worst track)  with uneasy tries at New Jack Swing, and the slow songs mostly a snooze  with mediocre vocals and a stifling, dated-sounding mix.<br />The moments of  life still exist on this album.  &quot;Black or White&quot; is hooky even  if the guitars sound excessively watery and the &quot;break&quot; in the  middle combines awful rapping with uninvolving sonic trickeries; &quot;Give  in to Me&quot; is a carnivorous power ballad with a majestic guitar  performance by Slash (Guns N' Roses); &quot;Who Is It&quot; finds a groove  like &quot;Billie Jean&quot;'s, &quot;Keep the Faith&quot; is funky and  uplifting; and &quot;Remember the Time&quot; is nicely vocalized  R&amp;B.<br />But then there are tracks like &quot;Jam&quot;, which is  basically an endless repetition of the same, uncatchy phrase and drop-dead  boring rhythms; &quot;In the Closet&quot;, sounding robotic and stiff  instead of sexy (the only sexy thing being the high-register chorus, which  is still hurt by the stony production), and &quot;Heal the World&quot; is  obviously the biggest clunker in Jackson's catalogue, an unremarkable  chorus, nasal and annoying vocals, toothless arrangements and that final  child voice throwing more bile into the mix of juvenile sentiments and  lyrical ineptitude that is &quot;Heal the World&quot;.  Too bad the sense  of humour that went into packaging that flopped single (the single cover  spotted a globe covered with a band-aid) didn't go into the  songwriting.<br />Two years after sister Janet blasted the world of dance  music wide open with the powerful Rhythm Nation, Michael Jackson sounds  lost, antiquated, and unsure.  Even if his songcraft of old still creeps up  from time to time, itbecame apparent that he had passed his prime.
0783235607|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It was the first slasher film, and has sparked many copycats which don't even come close to Psycho. The performances are great. Anthony Perkins couldn't be better. If you like  Hitchcock, I also recommend North by Northwest, Rebecca, Rear Window, and  Shadow of a Doubt. Why are you still reading this review? Buy it already!
6305776326|5.0|I love wacko comedy or really serious films like American Beauty, so this one was perfect for me! Also Tom Green makes an apperance as an obnoxious friend of Will Ferrall...and he RULES!  The dance numbers were great too,  and I am a geek, just admiting it......SUPERSTAR!
B00002DEIX|4.0|The way I judge new jazz artists is to play their CD in a rotation with some of my favorite old school CDs. If the new artist holds their own I consider it a good album. Redman holds his own with this album.
B00004S6GL|5.0|I first hopped on the E.S. bandwagon after seeing Goodwill Hunting. I went out and picked up the soundtrack and Either/Or. I was enamered. This guy can make magic with just vocals and his acoustic guitar. Next I bought  Roman Candle and fell in love with that album. I was disappointed in XO at  first, due to the &quot;fresh/produced&quot; sound on some of the songs.   However, I grew to love most of it. When I bought his newest LP, Figure 8,  it seemed like another collection of so-so poppy sounding tunes, but now I  can't stop listning to it. I've just now realized that his new sound is  just a product of his industry acceptance and raised confidence. This album  has NO bad songs and 5-10 soon-to-be Elliot classics. This one is definatly  a must buy for anyone who digs good, original rock &amp; roll.
B00003CWN3|5.0|This film features a tour-de-force by Hilary Swank, her jaw-dropping performance is one of the pillars of 90's movie acting. The true-life story is fascinating and while provocative it is never uncomfortable. Beautiful  visuals and performances, Chloe Sevigny also shines and really inhabits her  character, as does Hilary Swank. Expertly written and directed by Kimberly  Pierce. Emotional, Powerful and unforgettable story of people struggling to  just be themselves. Powerhouse performances, nice script, intelligently  directed, beautiful visuals and music. Touching and ultimately tragic, this  is one of the best films of 1999. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a  9!
0345350499|3.0|This book is extreamly well written. I genuinlly cared for the characters, towards the end that became a bad thing. Once everyone gets old the book becomes way too sad. If it this section was about 100 pages shorter I might  have dealt with it, but is was dragged on and on till I could hardly bare  to open the book. And there is no redeeming quiality to the not so happy  ending, there are very few rememnants of hope. Don't think I'm one of those  happy go lucky types that can't take unhappiness. All of my favorite books  are in fact quite depressing. Les Miserables for instance is very sad but a  strong theme is hope, so even throughout the tragedy there is an idea that  things can get better. This idea is virtually non-exsistant here. It really  spoils the book because towards the end I diden't really want to read it  anymore whereas in the begining I coulden't put it down. At the end of this  book the only thing that came to mind is &quot;wow life sucks&quot;, that's  not the nicest conclustion to come to after  1000 pages.
6305657947|3.0|This one is enjoyable, entertaining, stylish and features great performances by the two leads. Rene Russo manages to set the screen ablaze at her 40's and steals almost every scene she's in. Pierce Brosnan breaks  his 007 mold and adds the right kind of mysteriousness and sensuality to  his character. Nice direction and stylish sets. But for a caper flick  there's not much robbing going on, and the romance, even though the leads  have chemistry, there's never any real emotion expressed. Flawed but  ultimately entertaining, I enjoyed Faye Dunaway's cameo. From a scale of  1-10 I give this film a 6!
B00000IO4J|4.0|This film has very good entertainment value - The overall story is pretty  good as you can never really know who is what (You'll understand once  you've seen it) it does keep you guessing. The visual effects are very  good. Soundtrack is class. Overall it's a top quality effort and I'd say is  worth buying rather than just watching
B00003CWRX|2.0|i found this to be one of the most boring films of 1999. russell crowe, as usual, completely eclipses everyone else who's onscreen at the same time, but al pacino just screams and claws at the scenery for 2 hours. it's  always great to see christopher plummer and he's wonderfully low-key, but  the movie overall is a yawner....i just don't see what everyone was so  excited about.
B00000J7J4|5.0|My dad calls me one sunny Sunday in October, and says &quot;You've Got to Get the new Santana CD&quot;. Boy does my dad know his music. I've been listening non-stop to the different eclectic sounds, the plethora of  artists, and the diverse songs on Supernatural. This is one of those CDs  that you can listen to while you work, while you cook, while you drive, but  you can also dance to it.
B00000ADG2|3.0|OK. I DONT HATE LAURYN HILL. SHE MADE ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUMS OF ALL TIME(NOT THIS ONE, THE SCORE as a member of the fugees) EVERYONE SAYS THAT THIS ALBUM IS SOOOOOO GOOD, BUT THE SONGS WERE JUST WEAK TO ME. ESPECIALLY  THE SONG WITH D'ANGELO(ONE OF MY FAVORITE ARTISTS) ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS  THAT IF YOU LIKE THIS, GOOD FOR YOU. I HOPE YOU ENJOY IT. IF YOU CAN REALLY  APPRECIATE SOMEONES MUSIC, IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT I SAY IN MY REVIEW OR WHAT  ANYONE ELSE SAYS TO YOU. THIS REVIEW IS MY PERSONAL OPINION AND EVERYONE  HAS DIFFERENT OPINIONS ON EVERYTHING. THIS WAS NOT MEANT FOR ME TO TELL YOU  TO NOT BUY THE ALBUM. IT WAS MEANT FOR ME TO GET MY OPINION ACROSS.
B000002HD5|5.0|I remember listening to this album in the 8th grade when it came out. &quot;Gentleman&quot; got quite a bit of airplay on MTV. If you want to buy an Afghan Whigs album, start with this one. None of their work after this  one has reached the quality of this album.
0440178002|5.0|What a beautifully complex novel James Clavell has woven. His writing style is superb. The characters are unique. The story is awesome. Politics, sex, romance, drama and action are all crammed into this novel. <br />It is tragic to learn Clavell has died.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is a must have for Sarah fans. I got this CD yesterday and I have NOT been able to take it out of my CD player! This CD accents her amazing music talents and how great a musician she is. She takes her best songs and turns  them into brand new masterpieces (&quot;Hold On&quot; has been changed from  great to amazing). You need to buy this CD. If you don't have it you don't  know what you're missing- and that is a WHOLE LOT!  Bravi, Sarah!
B000023X9W|5.0|I thought the album was great. The songs are very deep and personal. Each song is taken from Young's life and it is reflected in the emotion and lyrics of the album. This album is a great album and I would suggest it to  anyone that loves Neil Young
B00003CX9S|5.0|I'm not sure what I should say, except that this film was extremely moving and has a special place in my passion for films.  John Hurt, entirely worhty of his oscar nod, plays John Merrick, a man derformed from birth and  isolated since as a freakshow so overwhelming, the London police threaten  to close the show.  Anthony Hopkins, another amazing actor, plays Dr.  Treves, a compassionate and humane man who is so stricken by the abuse this  man suffers, he offers to review Merrick in his hospital and supply  somekind of care.  As Merrick becomes more known among the social elite and  the public, his torture is soothed and provoked by the sudden influx of  attention.  From mocking party-goers to suspicious mobs, Merrick is thrown  deeper and deeper into depression as he is subjected to a new dimension of  humiliation and pain.  There is plenty to sob about throughout this movie,  but save your tears for the end, you'll need them all.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|&quot;Emma&quot; is a very charming movie.  Even though Gwyneth Paltrow's accent left a little something to be desired, I didn't mind it too much.  :-)  All the actors and actresses are wonderful.  The characters are  hilarious as well, though I found myself getting annoyed at the silly  Harriet Smith more than once.  All in all a great movie for friends to  watch together.
6305537798|1.0|It was okay when I first saw it in the theater but now that I rented it on video it started to suck. This wasn't a very good movie at all. It did have very good acting though but this is one of those movies that a 12 year old  would watch over and over again. Don't waste your time on this movie it  sucks.
B00000J6AG|4.0|i dont know moby s music but i have kistened only natural blues and why does my heart feels so bad?and they are the best songs to relax! so long dudes moby 4 ever
0380789019|5.0|This is one of the finest novels you'll ever read in the [dark] fantasy genre... although I feel I should not put it in that shelf only, for actually it is much more universal than that.<br />I read this book (purposefully) during a trip to London, and fell in love with its accurate  descriptions, its quirky references and its lyrical, haunting and also  heartfelt prose.<br />The story of Richard, Door, Jessica, Hunter and their  friends is one of the best you'll ever come across... part epic, part  gothic, part murder mystery, part tender love story and adventure... Neil  Gaiman is a master of narrative and this book works as beautifully as his  graphic stories.<br />A must-read and a candidate for the &quot;To Keep&quot;  shelf.
0671015206|5.0|A book like THE MILLIONAIRE NEXT DOOR has a value that goes well beyond its subject matter: It shows how often we have misconceptions about what is really going on around us. Such misconceptions can stall our progress by  having us act in the wrong ways.<br />Unless you had done similar research,  you will probably be surprised by at least some of the findings of this  book. The millionaires described here remind me of the ones I knew as a  child, so the overall picture is familiar. What impresses me is that that  model has continued to be true for the 50 years since I was a child.<br />I  hope that this kind of research will be continued so it can be tracked to  see how the lessons are changing.<br />I read the reviews of this book below,  and think I understand why some people were disappointed. I think that many  people would like to live an expensive lifestyle and be independently  wealthy. That model is not examined here. Perhaps in a future book, that  subject should be explored.  Also, some people want to know what to do  today, and would benefit from looking at those who got to be millionaires  the fastest and most recently. That information, too, is missing.<br />The  orientation of this study is heavily on how to sell things to rich people,  and that is valuable. For example, the richest people I work with will  normally ask me what kind of car I drive. They want to hear that I drive an  inexpensive car  before they feel comfortable with me. I do drive an  inexpensive car, a 7 year old Saturn, and that has helped me get consulting  clients on many occasions.<br />I think the possibilities of this research  are endless if it is turned into best practice research, something that  readers are clearly hungry for. But it is a good beginning to simply do the  measurements, and learn the value of measurements.<br />To make enormous  progress, our reserach has shown that people need to go through the  following process: (1) Learn the value of measurements (which this book  helps with). (2) Measure every aspect of important activities (something  this book starts to do). (3) Measure the existing best practice, and  estimate where that will be in five years (this work remains to be done).  (4) Implement pieces of other peoples' best practices in new ways for a  more effective combination than any one else has done before. (5) Identify  the ideal best practice (in this case, get rich quick with little risk --  an example today would be to found an Internet-based business and sell it  quickly) (6) Begin to approach the ideal best practice (that might be to  establish Web sites and experiment with creating Internet businesses  inexpensively). (7) Create the right rewards to motivate yourself and  others to get the job done (daily feedback is a good way for many people).  (8) Repeat the process. Here's where the main benefit comes in.<br />I hope  this model will help you expand on the lessons of this book to become much  wealthier yourself, if that is what you desire, or to create something else  that you care about.<br />I personally like to help others get rich more than  doing the same for myself. I believe that if everyone is more successful, I  will have plenty for myself. My personal goal is for everyone to get 10,000  times or more benefit from what clients spend in time, money, and effort on  our services and books.<br />Please do read, think aobut, and build on the  lessons of this book to meet your life's goals.<br />If you do not yet have  written goals, including financial ones, that's an important first step.(which this book  helps with). (2) Measure every aspect of important activities (something  this book starts to do). (3) Measure the existing best practice, and  estimate where that will be in five years (this work remains to be done).   (4) Implement pieces of other peoples' best practices in new ways for a  more effective combination than any one else has done before. (5) Identify  the ideal best practice (in this case, get rich quick with little risk --  an example today would be to found an Internet-based business and sell it  quickly) (6) Begin to approach the ideal best practice (that might be to  establish Web sites and experiment with creating Internet businesses  inexpensively). (7) Create the right rewards to motivate yourself and  others to get the job done (daily feedback is a good way for many people).  (8) Repeat the process. Here's where the main benefit comes in. <br />I hope  this model will help you expand on the lessons of this book to become much  wealthier yourself, if that is what you desire, or to create something else  that you care about. <br />I personally like to help others get rich more than  doing the same for myself. I believe that if everyone is more successful, I  will have plenty for myself. My personal goal is for everyone to get 10,000  times or more benefit from what clients spend in time, money, and effort on  our services and books. <br />Please do read, think aobut, and build on the  lessons of this book to meet your life's goals. <br />If you do not yet have  written goals, including financial ones, that's an important first step.
6302990114|4.0|Bette Davis, Mia Farrow, Peter Ustinov, Angela Lansbury, Olivia Hussey, Lois Chiles, David Niven, Maggie Smith, Simon McCorkindale... even cult chanteuse Jane Birkin... how can you go wrong?<br />The storyu has been played  to death (no pun intended) and being an Agatha Christie standard, you know  what you're in for from the very start. So kick off your shoes, relax and  enjoy the scenery, the clothes and the wide-eyed overacting.<br />They don't  make them like this anymore. (Thank the Lord?)
B00003CWN3|5.0|I bought the dvd without seeing the movie first because I have always been fascinated with the story of Teena Brandon.  I haven't regretted buying this movie one bit and watched it twice this weekend.  Its a truly  interesting and moving film that stays with you long after its over.  Its  the story of a transgender drifter searching for love and friendships with  all the wrong people and who pays the ultimate price in the end by losing  her life to a couple of homophobic small town young men.<br />A disturbing  movie, I couldn't help but cry in the end.  Its power comes in the simple  storytelling which never condemns Brandon's lifestyle but shows it as it  truly was, a chaotic world which was overshadowed by her fear of discovery.  You knew it was going to happen but the scene where the rednecks rip off  her pants and force Lana to face the truth was disturbing.  What comes  after is the worst degradation inflicted on a human being, the rape and I  couldn't help but cry during this scene.<br />All in all, it was a superb film  and a scary look at homophobia which is still quite alive in our country.  Brandon's life will forever live on in this film.
B0000032LS|5.0|What can I say about this recording? It's a little like going back to my childhood... I love the songs, and I learned them by heart.<br />This is part of pop culture and it has gotten itself rooted in the memories and  conciousness of lots of people in two generations.<br />How can one not loe it  after hearing it for the first time?<br />So, well, yes... I am a sweet  transvestite from Transexual TRANSYLVANIA... a-ha!
B000002OZY|5.0|Tommy is really a rock opera. It is possibly the only album of its kind.  Few albums have songs that are 12 seconds long and others that are 10  minutes long. The most well known songs on the album are Pinball Wizard and  We're Not Gonna Take It. These two are possibly the best single songs on  the album along with Christmas, Sensation and I'm Free. Tommy, however, is  not meant to be listened to like this. Any fan of the Who must listen to  this album all the way through. One of the Who's best.
6302990114|4.0|Bette Davis, Mia Farrow, Peter Ustinov, Angela Lansbury, Olivia Hussey, Lois Chiles, David Niven, Maggie Smith, Simon McCorkindale... even cult chanteuse Jane Birkin... how can you go wrong?<br />The storyu has been played  to death (no pun intended) and being an Agatha Christie standard, you know  what you're in for from the very start. So kick off your shoes, relax and  enjoy the scenery, the clothes and the wide-eyed overacting.<br />They don't  make them loke this anymore. (Thank the Lord?)
B000002UAC|5.0|Although not as good as A Hard Day's Night, It is one of their best early albums. I think it is worth buying every Beatles album, and With The Beatles is no exception. A Must Have for any true fan.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Anyone who loves rock should get this CD.  When I bought it, the only songs on it that i knew were Pretty Fly (For a White Guy) and i had only heard Why Dont You Get a Job once.  Now, about a ten months later, i love  every song on it.  Its probably one of the best CD purchases i ever made.  <br /> BUY THIS CD!
B00004BZ0N|5.0|This album and The Clash's debut album are the two greatest punk albums  ever made. This album isn't merely a great punk album. There first album is  true punk. This album, however, is much more. True, songs like London  Calling, Clampdown and Guns Of Brixton are real punk songs along with many  others on the album. Train in Vain, however, is very similar to a  mainstream rock song at the time. Brand New Cadillac and Jimmy Jazz do have  a punk sound, but they are almost classic swing songs with distortion.  Rudie Can't Fail, Spanish Bombs and Wrong 'Em Boyo are close to being Pop  Rock songs. And no, that isn't a bad thing. It could be, but here it is  good. Everyone should own this album. It is not only a punk classic, but it  is a Rock classic.
0451191153|1.0|Haven't you ever had to laugh at a joke that wasn't funny?  Did you enjoy that?  When was the last time you complimented someone for gain without truly believing what you said?  How many times have you smiled when you  weren't happy?  Who hasn't stood aside and let their principles fly out the  door?  Does that feel good?  My grandmother died when I was 11 and I didn't  cry.  Did I feel sad?  No; so why should I compromise myself to make  everyone believe I was hurt?  Through my entire life I've fallen for the  traps presented by those who wish to control me.  As a teen I was  embarrassed to ask girls out because when I was a child and teen I was  ridiculed for being different since I was the new kid at a small school.  I  felt guilt when I felt good because I feared egotism!  I carried a deep  self-disdain because I was athletically and mentally skilled; I'd let  others win when I could have easily bested them.  They labeled me  hyperactive and persecuted me for it and made me believe that I was the  \\"wrong\\" one.  My ego depended upon your acceptance, which was a weak  foundation to begin with.  <br />When I read this book it was like looking  into a mirror.  I've always realized that I had to \\"let go\\" at some point  but couldn't discern what I had to let go.  Psychologists told me I had to  listen and feel for others; they said that intellect shouldn't be a basis  for friendship, less intelligent people could carry an emotional depth that  would bring about a prosperous and rewarding relationship.  What a lie!   Dependence is that's called.  They were a crutch that I used to create  myself.  This book revealed what everyone has effectively concealed from  me: I could only rely upon myself.  I feel guilt no longer.  In some ways  I'm now guided more so by my emotions than ever; these emotions aren't  empty hunches but rational and logical reasoning.  But, I guess, such  things would be incomprehensible to those who base their lives around Ally  McBeal, spiritual searching, and trends.  I guess I should feel stupid  because I had to discover this from a book.  Well, I don't feel any such  remorse.  I've seen much in my short life; I've fallen for the best lies  there are, ranging from self-sacrifice to spiritual enlightenment.  None of  these answered any questions or cleansed my soul in any way.  The people  who beat me down into a sniveling social worker are the collective minds of  a hundred thousand years.  I was bested by the best and have accepted the  knowledge of my impotence.  Everyone seems to believe that such a  philosophy doesn't leave room for love, happiness, or emotions.  Well, I  disagree.  I laugh when I'm happy and cry when sad (which isn't often).   There are those I love, but I they aren't the foundation to my temple, only  I take that honor.  Others cannot hurt me anymore.  This all came out of a  single book, The Fountainhead.  Laugh, flame, scorn, insult my grammar and  organization, debase my intelligence, and attack my mistakes all you wish.   You no long control me.  <br />Do I worship Ayn Rand?  No.  Unlike those of  you who worship and dedicated yourselves to those who give you knowledge or  freedom, I owe no debt to Ayn Rand.  You describe those of us who subscribe  (I like that term) to her philosophy as \\"drooling masses\\" and use that as a  weapon to depersonalize my beliefs.  Ayn Rand didn't create her philosophy  any more than birds created air or chimps created bananas.  There is truth  in her writing and that is all that matters to me.  Belief in your god or  your neighbors and I will belief in my god, myself.<br />I don't simple  believe what Ayn Rand has to say.  I've read the works of those who  disagree with her such as R. Buckminster Fuller and still agree with Ayn.   The Fountainhead wasn't meant to reflect reality but rather exists in a  vacuum to prove a valid point.  Maybe I enjoyed this book because I come  from a fiction/sci-fi literature background and can easily accept the  reality presented by the author.  Suspend your disbelief and prejudice and  enjoy this story.<br />This review is NOT the property of Amazon and can only  be modified with my permission.  My intellectual property, my way.  Don't  post this if you wish; it doesn't matter since I wrote this for myself.
B000002G7E|5.0|White Light/White Heat is as good as any VU album. Which means brilliant. Only six songs, but gives more of a kick than any other album. White Light/White Heat is very similar to a 50s or early 60s classic rock song  with an incredible amout of distortion. It works perfectly and opens the  album with a bang. The Gift is one of the only songs of its kind: An 8  minute dialogue read by John Cale over distorted rock music. It sounds  fairly normal and pretty funny from the start. But since it is the Velvets,  you know htere will be a twist. In case you haven't heard the song yet, I  will leave you in suspense. Lady Godiva's Operation is one of the only  songs by them that John Cale sang. It is another great song. The affect of  Lou Reed's voice at the end finishing John Cale's sentences is great. And  whatever is going on the end could only be produced by VU. Here She Comes  Know is the most normal song on the album and is as good as the rest. I  Heard Her Call My Name is almost as Unlistenable as Black Angel's Death  Song. That is what makes both of them great. If you don't understand what I  mean, you will after getting into the band. Sister Ray can not be  described. You must listen to it. The best thing I can think of to describe  it is 17 and a half minute of loudness. No other song is or will ever be  like it. Buy this album along with every other VU album you can get your  hands on.
0451191153|1.0|Haven't you ever had to laugh at a joke that wasn't funny?  Did you enjoy that?  When was the last time you complimented someone for gain without truly believing what you said?  How many times have you smiled when you  weren't happy?  Who hasn't stood aside and let their principles fly out the  door?  Does that feel good?  My grandmother died when I was 11 and I didn't  cry.  Did I feel sad?  No; so why should I compromise myself to make  everyone believe I was hurt?  Through my entire life I've fallen for the  traps presented by those who wish to control me.  As a teen I was  embarrassed to ask girls out because when I was a child and teen I was  ridiculed for being different since I was the new kid at a small school.  I  felt guilt when I felt good because I feared egotism!  I carried a deep  self-disdain because I was athletically and mentally skilled; I'd let  others win when I could have easily bested them.  They labeled me  hyperactive and persecuted me for it and made me believe that I was the  \\"wrong\\" one.  My ego depended upon your acceptance, which was a weak  foundation to begin with.  <br />When I read this book it was like looking  into a mirror.  I've always realized that I had to \\"let go\\" at some point  but couldn't discern what I had to let go.  Psychologists told me I had to  listen and feel for others; they said that intellect shouldn't be a basis  for friendship, less intelligent people could carry an emotional depth that  would bring about a prosperous and rewarding relationship.  What a lie!   Dependence is that's called.  They were a crutch that I used to create  myself.  This book revealed what everyone has effectively concealed from  me: I could only rely upon myself.  I feel guilt no longer.  In some ways  I'm now guided more so by my emotions than ever; these emotions aren't  empty hunches but rational and logical reasoning.  But, I guess, such  things would be incomprehensible to those who base their lives around Ally  McBeal, spiritual searching, and trends.  I guess I should feel stupid  because I had to discover this from a book.  Well, I don't feel any such  remorse.  I've seen much in my short life; I've fallen for the best lies  there are, ranging from self-sacrifice to spiritual enlightenment.  None of  these answered any questions or cleansed my soul in any way.  The people  who beat me down into a sniveling social worker are the collective minds of  a hundred thousand years.  I was bested by the best and have accepted the  knowledge of my impotence.  Everyone seems to believe that such a  philosophy doesn't leave room for love, happiness, or emotions.  Well, I  disagree.  I laugh when I'm happy and cry when sad (which isn't often).   There are those I love, but I they aren't the foundation to my temple, only  I take that honor.  Others cannot hurt me anymore.  This all came out of a  single book, The Fountainhead.  Laugh, flame, scorn, insult my grammar and  organization, debase my intelligence, and attack my mistakes all you wish.   You no long control me.  <br />Do I worship Ayn Rand?  No.  Unlike those of  you who worship and dedicated yourselves to those who give you knowledge or  freedom, I owe no debt to Ayn Rand.  You describe those of us who subscribe  (I like that term) to her philosophy as \\"drooling masses\\" and use that as a  weapon to depersonalize my beliefs.  Ayn Rand didn't create her philosophy  any more than birds created air or chimps created bananas.  There is truth  in her writing and that is all that matters to me.  Believe in your god or  your neighbors and I will believe in my god, myself.<br />I don't simple  believe what Ayn Rand has to say.  I've read the works of those who  disagree with her such as R. Buckminster Fuller and still agree with Ayn.   The Fountainhead wasn't meant to reflect reality but rather exists in a  vacuum to prove a valid point.  Maybe I enjoyed this book because I come  from a fiction/sci-fi literature background and can easily accept the  reality presented by the author.  Suspend your disbelief and prejudice and  enjoy this story.<br />This review is NOT the property of Amazon and they may  not change it in any manner without my permission.  My intellectual  propery, my way.  Don't post it if you wish; I'm only writing this for  myself.
0679746048|5.0|After attempting suicide in 1967, Susanna Kaysen voluntarily admitted herself to the psychiatric ward at McLean Hospital.  The setting is what I found the most interesting and is what made me want to read this book.  I  thought it was a great book.  People, including myself, have always  wondered what goes on in mental hospitals and in the mind of a mentally ill  patient.  Susanna Kaysen explains and describes both of these things in  such great detail that the reader can almost imagine the actual setting and  thoughts of the characters.      One thing that confused me was how the  author skips around between events in the novel.  At first, I was confused  by the lack of chronological order, but as soon as I figured out what was  happening, I was able to follow along.    This book is a fast read and I  would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good book.  I would  especially recommend it to a teenage reader. Teenage readers can really  identify with the characters in this story because we all feel different or  isolated from society more than than once throughout our teenage years.  I  know that I related to the novel.  I wouldn't say that I am  &quot;crazy,&quot; but I would admit that I have felt my fair share of  alienation from society.    This book is a fast read and I would recommend  it to anyone looking for a good book.
B00000FCBC|5.0|What can I say?  This new ablum does the band justice and shows that it still is the best rock band ever!   The songs show great diversity and some most songs have you reaching for the guitar and sturmming along- even if it  is imaginary!   Songs like &quot;So what and Blitzgieg&quot; Stick in your  mind forever and all the other songs, including the covers (On CD1, show  how the band has matured with age.  Thin Lizzy's song has been recreated  perfectly and Queens is just breathtaking.  Although by reding this you  know im a wild fan of metallica, i belive this album may wet the appetite  of other fans in other crude rock such as Rage Against the Machine and  soulfly.  Top Class
0679746048|5.0|After attempting suicide in 1967, Susanna Kaysen voluntarily admitted herself to the psychiatric ward at McLean Hospital.  The setting is what I found the most interesting and is what made me want to read this book.  I  thought it was a great book.  People, including myself, have always  wondered what goes on in mental hospitals and in the mind of a mentally ill  patient.  Susanna Kaysen explains and describes both of these things in  such great detail that the reader can almost imagine the actual setting and  thoughts of the characters.      One thing that confused me was how the  author skips around between events in the novel.  At first, I was confused  by the lack of chronological order, but as soon as I figured out what was  happening, I was able to follow along.    This book is a fast read and I  would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good book.  I would  especially recommend it to a teenage reader. Teenage readers can really  identify with the characters in this story because we all feel different or  isolated from society more than than once throughout our teenage years.  I  know that I related to the novel.  I wouldn't say that I am  &quot;crazy,&quot; but I would admit that I have felt my fair share of  alienation from society.    This book is a fast read and I would recommend  it to anyone looking for a good book.
B0000009UX|5.0|When this album came out in 1982, it was a sonic, lyrical, and musical revelation for Elvis Costello and the Attractions. Time has not diminished it. Geoff Emerick's elegant production affords the Attractions a chance to  truly demonstrate their amazing musical chops: Pete Thomas's exquisite,  never overdone drumming; bassist Bruce Thomas melodically galavanting  &quot;up the thin bits&quot; a la Macca; and king of the keyboard jungle  Steve Nieve flexing his musical muscle with tantalizing orchestral  arrangements. This was also the first Elvis album to print the lyrics, but  without punctuation or traditional spacing. In hindsight, this made the  sleeve--yes, we're talking vinyl here--an unplugged interactive experience.  This always was the best-sounding Costello album, but Rykodisc's version  betters the Columbia and Demon editions in that regard AND adds no less  than nine bonus tracks of b-sides, demos, and unreleased songs. Without a  doubt the finest and most musically well-rounded album this quartet ever  made. That's not a slight to all their other fine albums, but this was  their Pepper. They finally had the time and budget to make what they  wanted, and they came through with flying colors. Let's just hope the world  doesn't forget about Imperial Bedroom. Anyway, it will always be our little  secret treasure.
B00000J631|4.0|This is a great CD but the songs are too short.  If they really wanted to get 101 bands on an album they should have released a few discs, but what can you do?  Now, onto the CD.  It has great songs by Blink 182, which is  just a bunch of foul language, NoFx, White Flag, Black Flag, Anti-Flag,  Ataris, and AFI.  There are however some really bad bands.(Lunachicks)  The  best thing about this CD is that the songs featured are not the best songs  by each band.  It is great in that it gives you the opportunity to discover  101 bands for eight bucks.  If you bought a CD from each of the bands on  here you would spend almost $1500, OUCH!  One more thing, there is a  confused reviewer talking about 5 yrs on the streets, which is another  great punk comp, but don't get them confused. they say blink's  &quot;Dancing w/ Myself is on here but it's not.  They also say NoFx is not  on here.  So just watch out.
B00000JKOF|5.0|Ghostbusters, is, quite simply, one of, if not the, best movies ever.  Superb acting, great script, story, effects, characters, it's all simply wonderful.  I'm not great at reviewing movies, but definately buy this one.   As I said, it's simply the best there is.
6304711891|4.0|this film is the best the first time youve seen it,then after a few times it gets so boreing you cant watch 5sec's of it so my advice is rent it don't buy it.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I thought this movie was too good.  I was glad to see that it won the awards that it did.  If you are looking for a dark drama to show you how life can be and be changed, buy this today.  I think the movie is almost  inspiring in a sense that if you are not happy with your station in life  you can always change it.  Kevin Spacy is too good as he accurately plays  the working suburb man.  As for the color and camera angles the movie was  very creative and playfull.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Although I didn't want to admit it, this movie was actually good. I had no itnerest in seeing it, but I was on vacation and my dad wanted to watch it on the T.V. movies service. I sat down and got really into the plot.  Sigourney Weaver, Tim Allen and Just Shoot Me's Enrico Colantoni were  extremely funny. Also, the hilarious english teacher from Ten Things I Hate  About You was great in this. I recommend this movie to people who don't  think they're going to like it.
0792844882|4.0|This movie is in a genre of its own, more raunchy than regular releases, but not explicit enough to get the old x-rating, a sort of updated Busby Berkley dancing movie with 90's style soft porn and anti-hero(ine)  characters.  It's sexy, entertaining, has a big budget look and the DVD  looks great.  Certainly, it's is not Citizen Kane, Elizabeth Berkley is not  Meryll Streep and the dancing is not Swan Lake. The acting and plot are OK,  but not great. However, overall, the movie is vital, entertaining and  erotic.  I  liked the dancing and wanted to see more of the stage shows the  movie purports to present.  This movie is not for every taste, the story is   cynical and the Nomi character is too cold and unappetizing, a virtual  psychopath to generate empathy.  Only a mental health professional would  sympathize with this girl. You might go to bed with her, but only once.  Also, the plot lacks direction and the whole enterprise is too long. Still,  on DVD you can skip what you don't like.  It's unfortunate that the movie  censorship rating system makes it difficult to make &quot;in-between&quot;  e movies of this type.  Are we really better off only with a choice between  straight movies or utter sleaze?  In the meantime, there is Showgirls and  not much else.
0399143904|5.0|My opinion of the book is that is was a great one.  All of the characters in the book are the best the world has to offer.  This includes the best troops from the US Navy SEALs, US Army Rangers, US Delta Force, The highly trained British SAS, French Special Forces, US Special Ops. Aviation Unit,  and the German GSG-9.  This book also brings the return of two of my  favorite Clancy characters, Domingo Chavez and John Kelley a.k.a.  John  Clark.  The book also brought in the newest arsenal of counter-terrorist  weaponry and technology.  I could hear the gun shots from the H&amp;K  MP-10's.  The new 10mm version of the MP-5.  By far I think this is the  best Clancy novel and suggest you read it.  I loved this book so much I  even purchased the game, and hopefully there is a movie in the works.
B000002HPV|5.0|What could I possibly say about bjork that hasn't been said 1000 times before?  Pure and simply, she is one of the greatest original talents of the 20th century.  And with good reason. While so many of her peers release  mindless, and not to mention, spiritless 'electronic' music, bjork has been  able to flawlessly project her emotions into everything she touches.  While  Debut was a sort of personal 'greatest hits' record spanning back a  decade's worth of songwriting for bjork, and Post was a more musically  directed version of Debut, Homogenic, as the name implies, focused on  emotions she was feeling in one single time and place...now.  (err, or  then, since it was a few years ago.:)  Homogenic is a cumulation of her  feelings at a time of serious unrest for her.  In the year leading up to  Homogenic's release, a fan had, after threatening her life, killed himself  and mailed her the video.  She attacked a photographer in an Asian airport,  had gone through bad breakups, and was at the mercy of a relentless press  due to the extensive exposure of all her mishaps.  Bjork, a native of the  small and intimate Iceland, was fed up by all of this exposure and  retreated.  And this is where Homogenic comes from. A dark album, as  compared to her previous efforts, it exemplifies an important element of  Bjork that has often been looked past by the press and fans alike.  She CAN  also express rage and frustration, and do so in her usually progressive and  emotional manner.  Homogenic speaks volumes of where electronic music can  go in the future.  Utilizing electronic devices for beats and loops, Bjork  added and arranged a live string section to the tracks, giving the album as  a whole a very organic and intense feel.   What can one say about  Homogenic?  Well, its not the most accessible pop album, but then again, it  really wasn't intended to be.  It is Bjork's very essence at the time it  was written...I certainly couldn't expect any more out of an artist.
B000023X9W|5.0|THIS RECORD WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST AMERICAN RECORDS OF THE YEAR 2000. NEIL YOUNG IS ONE OF THE GREATEST ARTISTS OF THE CENTURY AND HE DESSERVES HIS SUCCESS. BUY THIS ALBUM IF YOU LIKE GENUINE MUSIC. AND DO NOT READ WHAT  WRITE THE CRITICS....
B000002U9W|5.0|Among my first Pink Floyd albums were Dark Side of the Moon, The Wall, and Animals. Once I listened to this album, I was astonished that I had never heard of it before.<BR><BR>I would almost rate this album to be better than  The Wall (by far their best album, and in my opinion, the most incredible  created of all time) but it would have to be much longer (if it was a  double-cd album, I'd have a much harder decision!).<BR><BR>Still, this is  plenty long. With only 5 songs, it weighs out at over 52 minutes! The first  song alone is 23 minutes long! You will, as I have, fall in love with these  songs - &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; and &quot;Summer of '68&quot; are some of  my favorite songs of all time.<BR><BR>If you've heard other Pink Floyd,  such as Ummagumma or Meddle, you may have heard a very abstract form of  Pink Floyd (synthesizers and songs that almost drain on, sounding more like  sounds than written music). This album takes a step away from that with  some of the most musical PF on any cd.<BR><BR>I own every single Pink Floyd  album ever created, and this is probably my 2nd favorite. I strongly urge  you to buy a copy, it is necessary for any classic rock fan!
B00000J7JO|4.0|I've heard all the Chili Peppers music that there is to hear, and this album is definately one of the most impressive of all. Each band member has grown so much, adding thought  and unbelievable charater to each song. It's  not my favorite album that I own, but it's definitley up there!  If you  don't have this yet, what the hell are you waiting for? Oh ya, and John's  guitar playing is awesome! Glad to have you back baby!
0767817664|4.0|I have this DVD (a regional coded 3 disc), the story is good but sadly the transfer of this film on DVD, some interruption on the picture quality especially when watching in WIDESCREEN format! You could notice some  disturbance (just a second) occured on and off at the bottom of the screen  and the sound on this DVD is not so satisfying too.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Okay, I have to admit, I don't actually own this album, but I may as well. I've basically stolen it from my friend and I listen to it alot. One of the things I've been hearing about Blink182 is that they sold out and their not  &quot;Punk Rock&quot; any more. What the hell are you talking about? They  may not be the same as when they first started, but no band is. Does't mean  that their not punk any more. I like this ablum for the simple fact that it  shows how they've grown as a band (and it's pretty funny too). So you can  do one of two things, run (do not walk) to go buy this album, or wait until  your best friend buys it and then steal hers.
B00000IOSU|3.0|If you are a Sarah fan,you've already heard this album most likely.All they've done is record her singing a compilation of her songs live.Now if  you don't own any of her albums,this is the way to go.You get a good  sampling of her albums.I enjoyed the album, but was expecting more than a  rehash I guess.
B00000253N|5.0|If there were ever any doubt about Bob Dylan's brilliance as a songwriter/musician, one listen to Blood on the Tracks would very quickly convince anyone otherwise. Great lyrics, great music, great emotion. My  personal favorite: Buckets of Rain.
0804106304|5.0|My brother gave me this book to read when I was pregnant.He said it might help to get in touch with my emotions that I was keeping bottled up.Boy did it ever.Ms.Tan writes with emotion and depth that pulls you in and makes  you believe.I have never cried and laughed so much while reading.After  reading it you may want to hug someone..fair warning.
0671042858|2.0|I don't know what he was thinking when he wrote this. Not scary, not frightening, and not even any good. There isn't a hint of suspense in this book. The whole book is just disappointing. It's about a girl that gets  lost in the world and lives off of berries. She's scared the whole time and  if she had just stayed on the trail, I wouldn't have had to read this  garbage for two hours. Leave this be.
6300274195|3.0|It is Disney,so it entertains kids well.But..this is definately not disney's best.The story line is sparse and the flow of the action is jerky.The music is memorable and my son enjoys them all except for pink  elephants on parade.It goes on too long and the animation that goes with it  scares him.Worth owning,but not a must have.
B00004S6GL|2.0|For many long time Elliott Smith fans, this is going to be a dissapointment.  It's XO magnafied.  It's very produced, even more so than XO, which for many was also a dissapointment.  The piano is pushed to the  forground on many of these songs, such as In The Lost and Found, which  sounds like Elliott was listening to the White Album during this writing of  this song.  Guitars are quite a bit heavier on certain songs, such as Son  of Sam. The part of the album that for me is dissapointing is not the  production, which I'm not big on, but it doesn't ruin the album for me.   The dissapointing part is the songwriting.  Elliott Smith's song writing  has always been something that's been up for interpretation.  It could be  discussed, debated, thought about.  Many of the songs on this album leave  little for interpretation, such as Everything Reminds Me of Her, Pretty  Mary Kay, and In the Lost and Found.  It's very clear who and what these  songs are about.  They aren't the interesting insightful lyrics that we've  come to expect.  Another thing Elliott Smith gets caught into in this album  is the repetition of and or dependence on certain lines.  Everything Means  Nothing to Me is the prime example of this.  It's not a bad line, but it's  not such a good line that it needs to be the main focus of the song. From  what I've said, I hate this album right?  No, I like it.  However it  doesn't have the lasting ability that previous Elliott Smith albums have.   When it gets down to it, I'll choose to listen to the others over this one.
6305657947|5.0|Awesome soundtrack - not loud, but exquisitely crafted.  If you've invested in a Dolby Digital-5.1 (AC-3) system, this will make you appreciate the surround sound.<br />RR makes it easy to view - she's held up  well!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is NOT a fighting movie.  If it was, it would suck.  On the contrary: Fight Club has the most original and engaging script of 1999 (except for maybe Being John Malkovich).  A MUST BUY!
B0000029PC|5.0|The Schumann symphonies, vastly underrated.  His particular genius ranged to the dark beauty in these pieces as well.  They are lyrical, inventive and moving.  And the recording features the best modern style performances  one can find.  Szell's interpretations are lucid and dramatic, even the  slowest tempo flows.  The sound is a bit stuffy, but perfectly adequate,  and Szell's own liner notes are a fascinating read.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I just received my CD BOOK ... if you're a Pink Floyd fan, this CD is a MUST!   If you're not a Pink Floyd fan, this CD will make you become one! I never dreamed a &quot;live&quot; version could ever sound as good or exceed  the original &quot;Wall&quot;.  EXCELLENT!   The hard-bound book is a  Plus!  Enjoy!   *****************************************
0671015206|5.0|I used to think that only lower and middle class people are the ones who get in enough debt so as to never pay off the principal. Sounds like a lot of doctors and lawyers get (and stay) there too! A story that hit home for  me was tale of 2 car buyers (with the same annual income) - one spends  about 80 hours shopping and negotiating the purchase of a brand-new  Porsche. The other spends an afternoon shopping for a 3 (or 4?) year old  Mercedes. Guess who has over $1 mill in savings, a hint - it's the guy who  used that 80 hours looking after his finances. Of course, most Americans  will always think &quot;you are what you drive, what you wear &amp; where  you live.&quot; And the guys working on Madison Ave or for banks charging  20% interest on plastic are having a ball - at our expense!
B00003CWL6|3.0|American Beauty certainly isn't a bad movie, in fact parts of it are hilarious.  It just isn't as profound as it would like to be.  The &quot;message&quot; is that sometimes things are not what they appear.   Yeah, I think we all know that, big deal.  If American Beauty had just been  a comedy, it could have been great, but it has an awkward tone that ruins  everything.  Another flaw is that it isn't nearly as shocking as the  filmmakers would like to think it is.  It is like if Todd Solondz's  Happiness was sanitized and watered down for mass consumption, removing  anything interesting or thought provoking.  American Beauty seems like it  is a sitcom with profanity in it, and ironically, it was written by a  former sitcom writer.  The acting is very good but not Oscar worthy  (Russell Crowe deserved to win, without a doubt).  All in all, you might as  well watch it, just to see what all the fuss is about, but I don't think it  is worth buying.
B000001FTD|5.0|Among the Living is one of the five great Anthrax albums, with nine tracks of pure metal this cd is just amazing.  Check out Track 2, Caught in a Mosh, my favorite track on the album and you'll be hooked.  I'm not a huge  metal fan but Anthrax converted me, the perfect driving music.  Powerful  guitar and bass, great vocals (well ok so he doesn't have a great voice,  but they work) all combine to really make this album shine.  Go buy it.
B000002OMN|5.0|I used to be really, really into Meat Loaf, before I was tempted away by the likes of metal and (more recently) goth bands. I bought this on cassette when it first came out, and I loved it. Bat out of Hell (the first  one) has to be one of the most overrated albums of all time. Despite the  odd good track (Bat out of Hell, for crying out loud), overall I actually  don't listen to it anymore, like I used to. But Back into hell, well, this  album is truly fantastic. Burdened with extremely long song titles (I think  Type O Negative still hold the record ;-)) they are almost as meaningful as  the songs themselves. There are few songs I have heard that touch me like  &quot;Objects in the rear view mirror...&quot; and &quot;It Just won't  Quit&quot;, and the pure angry-yet-I-don't-really-care style of Wasted  Youth/Everything Louder than everything else are proof that Meat Loaf,  although getting on a bit now, is still one of the greatest singers, and  Jim Steinman is without doubt Meat Loaf's greatest asset. Albums such as  Bad Attitude and Midnight at the lost and found, were on the whole poor.  &quot;Meat Loaf Goes Pop&quot; might have been a better title for  MidnightATLAF (which curiously looks like meatloaf, (MATLAF) anybody  noticed that before?.  Back into Hell is a true classic, and is Meat Loaf's  greatest album. I really hope that he recovers from the pointless, messy  nonsense that is Welcome to the Neighbourhood, and he and Steinman produce  something between them again, hopefully straying away from Steinman's  recent tendency to produce a clone of &quot;I would do anything for  love&quot; (Celine Dion's &quot;All coming Back to me Now&quot;, anyone?).  Will we see a Bat out of Hell 3? hopefully not, since that title would be  poor! But come on Meat/Jim, give us some more. Its been hard and lonely  years without an album like this one.
B00004S6GL|5.0|The new album is...confusing at first. The sprightly piano throws an avid Elliott Smith listener off the first go around and those who have never listened to him before seem purplexed at how quickly the songs contradict  themselves in ambiance. However, once you get past the initial shock, it's  an amazingly well put together album. Of course, it has the same  bittersweet lyrics that seem to roll right out of Smith and the same  captivating rhythms but it also seems to have some deepness buried in  it...a warmer, closer feeling than earlier albums.
6302787564|4.0|It is amazing that this movie was made by the same guy who practically buried the BATMAN series, Joel Schumacher. Douglas's character is suffocating, we watch him going to meet his tragic end, but we feel we  cannot do nothing to prevent, we feel hopeless, because we identify with  him, trapped inside the American way of life, trapped inside capitalism.  The movie inspired an IRON MAIDEN song  called &quot;MAN ON THE EDGE&quot;,  in the album &quot;THE X-FACTOR&quot;.
078062551X|5.0|This is a film that screams originality! It takes you to another world or maybe a different time period. &quot;Dark City&quot; begins by really telling you nothing about who is the bad guy or who is the good guy. One of  the great things about the movie is that you discover all the secrets  throughout the film. The movie really doesn't explain itself but try and  have you explain it.   This movie always gets compared with &quot;The  Matrix&quot;. Both have a very similar story line. &quot;The Matrix&quot;  sets its world in modern day while &quot;Dark City&quot; goes into an  unknown world with 1950s qualities. You can decide which setting you like  better after you see the films.  But &quot;The Matrix only teases us with  ideas of a great science fiction and falters in the end to another action  film with an action flim ending while &quot;Dark City&quot; delivers with a  plot that is science fiction to all the action films. I don't know why  people call &quot;Dark City&quot; a copycat of &quot;The Matrix&quot; once  it came out over a year before it.    The movie does not have long shots in  it but a lot of shorter shots that make it an hour and a half film. A lot  of people did not like the film going so fast. I liked how they made it  faster because it set up the film to be better on more viewings. The movie  doesn't show everything it has on one viewing, but lets you notice more and  more small little detalis that enhances the film even more. This is a lot  like &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey&quot; in which it was hated by a lot of  people on first viewing but over the years of people seeing it more than  once came to give it its current reputation.   I'm not actually tell you  about the story where it is better to let you discover it for yourself. I  do assure you that there are great performances in this film especially by  Kiefer Sutherland in his supporting role.
6302453356|1.0|We got a great history, almost a legend. Then they take RObin Williams (ridiculous as ever!) to be Peter Pan! They must have thinked :&quot;what a great different idea, how we are brilliant!&quot; But they just destroyed  the history, making two hours of torment watching this lousy picture, whre  even Julia Roberts doesn't save herself.!
0553296981|4.0|Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl tells of a young Jewish girl's experiences through adolescence in the midst of World War II and Hitler's genocide against her people.  On her thirteenth birthday, she was given a  diary in which to write her thoughts and feelings.  She, her family, the  Van Daan family, and Dr. Dussel tried to adjust to life in the Secret  Annexe.  Her diary, which she named Kitty, was written from her heart with  no superficiality.  This makes reading it a great experience.  She  discussed in the book many issues prevalent in her life as a Jew.  She  talked about the Zionist movement and the hardships Jews endured in Nazi  Germany.  They could only shop in certain stores designated for Jewish use.  She wrote about her father and sister's fear of deportation, which would  have almost definitely resulted in going to a deadly concentration camp.  It is a good read because of the way it intertwines childhood and the  Holocaust and speaks of both candidly.  She wrote about her feelings and  encounters with friends and family.  She let out her anger at Hitler and  described the new reforms that made her life much harder.  She thought she  had found a good friend in Kitty.  Little did she know that one day her  story would impact thousands around the world, even if she was only a young  girl.
6303942830|4.0|Where Daniel DAy-Lewis set his feet, a movie is good. Just as that. He's one the greatest actor alive, but it is a shame that he makes so few movies... THis adaptation, of course, is too much cut, but it is a great  entertainment.
B00003CX95|5.0|I am a doctor, of Greek heritage, and have spent many of my formative years in the beautiful land of Scotland, and i would like to once and for all quash this historic arguement.. Quosh! there! Your feeble arguements  are no match for my stunning intelect! Braveheart was a marvelous film,  beautifully shot in the Highlands of Scotland, the flat sequence of  Stirling's battle was filmed in Ireland and is obvously not Scotland to any  mendicant who has ever ventured beyond his own garden. It is a tale of  passion and romance.. vengance and brutality.. men and women.. Scots and  English.. A Film for the ages i recommend it to all who wish to broaden  their horizons
B00000K19E|5.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; is destined to join that pantheon of cult classic Sci-Fi movies, like Blade Runner and Tron. The story, to non-SciFi fans, is probably predictable and weak. But the environment created to tell the  story is very deep. With two, count 'em -- two, sequels in the works, you  better get this excellent DVD (it's got lots of extras) so you're up on the  story before the next one comes out! enjoy!
B00003CX95|5.0|I live in China and really enjoy watching Braveheart, (especially the bit after they get married and kiss at the lake. It is so tender. And beautifully shot.)The battle scenes are fantastic, bloody and great action  Gibson is a genius in the ilk of George Lucas, Scorcese, David Lean,  Dorothy Paul or even Tosh McKinley.
6305263248|5.0|This was a pleasant surprise - a great action flick with twists and turns in the story as well as the awesome car chases. De Niro and the rest did a great job. The DVD quality is excellent, with the widescreen captivating  (adding to the excitement of the car chases). Includes a feature-length  audio commentary by the director, always a plus in my book! Recommended!
B000001FDK|4.0|Very nice lively songs,good to sing along to.
B000023X9W|5.0|What a great album.  Not a song on there that doesn't touch in some way.  Neil shows everybody that all you need are simple tunes with heart to make a great album.  He's one of the few rockers who will neither burn out nor  fade away but rather go on with grace.  For an example of non-grace take a  listen to Pete Townshend rapping in his new version of &quot;Who are  You?&quot;.  We really don't need that.  Can't wait for the Young  Anthology!
0679746048|5.0|In the year 1967, the world seemed to tumble down for 18 year old, Susanna Kaysen.  She had a bumpy life and felt nothing could go right, so she attempted to kill herself.  Unfortunatly, for her, the attempt failed and  she was hospitalized at McLean Hospital.  Would you want to end up like  this?  Not me!  For a book that talks about suicide as much as this one, it  was an excellent book to read.  If your a person who likes books that are  fast-reading and hard to put down, you will surely enjoy Girl, Interrupted.   I found it interesting to read about several different girls and their  problems, each one very different.  The book was very dramatic and true.   It made me realize how easily I take life for granted sometimes.  I often  felt sorry for the characters in the book, because their lives are so  totally different from mine.  It's sad really.  I'm able to go out into the  world and be free to do almost anything I want.  Unfortunatly, the  characters in the book have it totally opposite.  This book is worth  reading and I would recommend it to anyone.  It was a good experience for  me to read and hopefully it is a good experience for someone else.
0767812417|5.0|With top-notch production values, a wonderfully engaging score, performances that fit the bill to perfection, and many, many extras, such as Onna White's fabulously inventive choreography, this gigantic screen  musical is a classic for the ages.  Perhaps the best and most  enthusiastically rendered vision of Charles Dickens' specific vision of  working class London, this movie literally teems with life, and paints a  vivid, emotional portrait of a scraggly band of petty thieves and crooks;  magically, the musical numbers not only provide a nice counter-balance to  the mounting brutality of the main story, but expand on it as well.  Shani  Wallis and Oliver Reed are pitch-perfect, and surprisingly intense, as the  corrupt and doomed low-life couple who use Oliver as a means to their own  selfish ends.  Mark Lester is a wondrous child actor, without a hint of  self-awareness, and a sweetly tiny soprano voice that can bring tears to  your eyes.  Carol Reed's enormous skill as a director has never been better  showcased than in his seemingly effortless coordination of scenes both  small and impossibly huge, as in the Who Will Buy? musical number, a  wondrous combo of precise choreography, soaring melody and layer upon layer  of visual joy.  This movie is an exceptional first taste of musical  theatre/movies for children, though be warned: the movie does not shy from  the more violent passages in Dickens' tale, and the spooky underbelly of  life as a petty criminal is scary when you hear Bill Sykes whistle for his  pit bull in the back alleys.
0060194995|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is definately a book you want to read.  Although it was written long ago, the themes of the novel still have strong applications to the modern society.  The issues are the same: race  relations, family/single parent, education, customs/heritage, culture,  legal system.<br />Harper Lee's masterpiece gracefully tells the story of a  young girl narrating her experiences growing up in the South.  Reading the  narrative allows for us to remember the kid in our own hearts, and the  playfulness and innocence of such a childhood.  Reading the book also puts  a number of pressing social issues right into our faces, and subconsciously  we find that we are influenced by the work of Harper Lee, in this  respect.<br />I have bought this book for many people, and strongly encouraged  them to read it.  Truly, in my mind, it is an all-time classic that nobody  should miss out on.
B000005J56|5.0|Buy this CD! Now!  It is the one CD in your collection that you will want to put on the player and be certain to hit the continual play button.  Each time I listen to it I hear something new and  exciting.  More music, such  as this, needs to make it to the mainstream asd it enhances the lives of  each who listen to it.  There is an ancient sound to this music.  It feels  as if you have known of it all along  - perhaps caught a snippet of it  during an old movie or as you flip through the radio stations in your car.   Yet, to have it all there, in one CD, is really a gift.  I have listened to  Ry Cooder for only the past 5 years and his music, and the music of those  he colabrates with, is the music that is the voice of the world.  Thanks to  those senior gentlemen of Cuba who brought their songs into our home.
6305807086|4.0|This is one of those films that you sit back afterwards, take a deep breath, ... and then wonder what the heck just happened. It's easy to get lost in the weird and warped sense of reality that Spike Jonze presents --  and impossible to think your way out of it.<br />This movie never would have  worked without John Malkovich (&quot;Being Dustin Hoffman&quot; ... I don't  think so), but with him in the title role, it's beautiful (and actually one  of his best performances in recent years). Charlie Kaufman has written an  excellent and highly original script here. Add the remainder of the cast  (you know, the lead roles) -- and the brilliant direction by Jonze -- and  you see what makes this the great film it is.<br />Jonze's direction brings  unexpected performances from well-known actors. John Cusack and Cameron  Diaz, who aren't exactly no-talents to begin with, are truly unforgettable  in this film. Once you abandon yourself to the reality that there is a  portal into John Malkovich in the middle of some office building in  Manhattan ... you're in for a heck of a ride.
B000002HH9|5.0|Miserably depressed?  Like to dwell in your woe?  Buy Pornography or Faith instead.  If you're manic-depressive like the rest of us, this album will sate you in your highs and lows.  &quot;Mint Car&quot; is positively the  most infectious song The Cure has ever written.  &quot;Return,&quot; a song  that is somewhat unpopular among many Cure fans, is also bursting with  energy and compels you to move your feet.  For a great latin beat and horn  section, check out another great song, &quot;The 13th.&quot;  For those who  like their tempo a little bit slower, &quot;Jupiter Crash&quot; is a mellow  but moving slong about failed expectations.  In short, this is an album  that you can set in the CD player and just let fly without having to get up  and skip through inane songs (that's true of all Cure albums, though).  If  you buy &quot;Wild Mood Swings&quot; and love it, I recommend getting the  Maxi-Single for &quot;Mint Car&quot; as a companion piece.  It contains two  mixes of the title track, as well as two unreleased songs that should have  been on the album--if you like &quot;Mint Car,&quot; you'll love &quot;A  Pink Dream.&quot;  Give it a listen!
1563890119|4.0|&quot;GLACK. NAAAGH. FLEURGH.&quot; Such were my squeals of pain when forced by my conscience to only give this four stars, but this was written when Neil was still learning how to write down his stunning imagination and  so does not rank quite as highly as the incredible latter Sandman books.  Still, it is well worth buying. Praise, then criticism I think. Well, the  second half of the book does not put a foot wrong and has one of the most  chilling horror stories in the history of pretty much anything. '24 Hours'  is truly terrifying with a ravaged man pushing people's minds over the edge  in a cafeteria. 'The Sound of Her Wings' is a beautiful introduction for  everyone's fave anthropomorphic personification, Death, who amazingly turns  out to be a sensible, cute, perky young goth girl. The first half of the  book is a bit more uneven. The opening story is written very well in the  style of old English horror and has pretty good art by Sam Keith, who  captures the oppressive Edwardian feel very well. The second story is also  written well, but patchy and cartoony art lets it down. Keith's portrayals  of Cain and Abel are excellent, as is the intensly cute gargoyle Irving  (sorry Cain, Goldie)but his artwork for the Hecate and the appearence of  Morpheus upon seeing his castle don't cut the mustard. The third and second  stories are good once again with an excellent battle of imagination in Hell  and everybodies fave occultist from Newcastle, Sam Keith's Hell is also  pictured well,  the oozing flesh and rubbery consistancy takes on a life of  it's own, and the Hellfire club art is excellent. Unfortunatly we then come  to the moderatley pleasing fourth issue where Neil makes some fundamental  mistakes. Once of Sandman's greatest tricks is portraying a world where  everything seems normal but where ancient beings and great magic live  alongside us, only we never notice them because they move so quietly...  unless your paths cross, then you are catapulted into THEIRworld. Neil  made the mistake of writing in some superheroes in this issue which pretty  much crippled that concept whilst being a bit pointless when he could have  chosen more plausible characters. Fortunatly he does not make the same  mistake again. There are still gems in that issue though. So what we have  in the end is a satisfying opening chapter that skillfully introduces a lot  of big characters without ever seeming rushed. Buy it but be aware that the  Sandman gets immesurably better in plot, script and art. A worthy purchase  then and essential (otherwise it'd be like starting a book at the second  chapter)but a flawed one. (Sam Keith left after the 4th issue, his other  work is good, but he just didn't fit the Sandman).
B00003CXDU|4.0|The inspired casting of this movie is what really makes it tick, and the idea of jaded television star has-beens being whisked off to an alien planet to save the world certainly unfolds with its share of lunacy and  laughs.  Alan Rickman and Sigourney Weaver are particularly funny, playing  the entire fantasy straight.  The special effects are top-notch, and the  humor often delivers, but the movie is one star away from comic explosion,  and it could have been.  What with the intrinsically funny idea of  Trekkie-type rabid fans and the faded glory of popular icons who merely  acted their way to glory, is a premise ripe with wildly funny possiblities.   This movie is breezy, has its charming moments, but, if made for example  by the skewed comic genius of Christopher Guest, without quite as much  PC/tender moments, might have been a comedy classic.
0805062971|5.0|Are you gyys reviewing the movie or the book. I got this hot off the presses and have read it and studied it like the bible, because it is. In the book Tyler Durden is waiter/projectionist turned neo-tribal leader (he  doesn't become a soap salesman till later in the book). Fightclub is born,  the road to salvation is bloody and brusied. This men's group doesn't want  to heal, they want to destroy. They dream of hunting wild game through the  ruins of the financial district. The narrartor and Tyler are head on in a  race to hit rock bottom.
0767802659|2.0|This film wants to be camp, it wants to be cult, but I have another four-letter word for it.<br />Paul Verhoeven made a reputation as a European director who came to Hollywood to revisit the commercial genres, to add the  Old World sophistication to the tired formulas and give the public it's  favourite candy in a new wrapper.<br />He succeded spectacularly in his first  try. The brilliant RoboCop earned him all kinds of credit.<br />Which he  squandered in his next films. Showgirls is(are) plain ridiculous. Total  Recall is a typical Arnie movie, but we expected something more - the  European flair we hoped for is amiss.<br />After that flop and semi-flop  Verhoeven felt his mission is going wrong and decided to get even.  He  decided to create something so unbelievably bad that it may look cult,  multilayered, totally original. Perhaps there were no other options for  him, no worthy ideas.<br />There are two chief stimulators in that movie -  visuals and ideology.<br />1) When you take Melrose Place and Beverly Hills  7855687811443(do not remember the exact address) starlets and make ruthless  fighters covered in blood and slime out of them it produces an effect. What  kind of effect? It did not matter to the director. Just an effect. A  flicker of attention.<br />The battle scenes are the reason the film was not a  total flop. Some tickets were sold. The reaction of gory sci-fi action  afficinados is very endearing - &quot;It's not 1 star, it's 5 star! Lots of  action here!&quot;-  Yes, yes, enjoy it, guys.<br />2) Starship Troopers is  soaked in Nazi ideology. It's very unexpected to see it phrased by the  movie's good guys. It also produces some effect.That's something for the  critics to write about, to elaborate upon.<br />In Russia we have a word  &quot;haltura&quot;. It's used to name something uninspired, something made  just to remind the world you are still breathing, in a vague hope to pass  the trash for the real thing and earn a couple dollars.<br />And Starship  Troopers is a perfect example of all that.
0887309372|5.0|El libro ejemplifica muy bien de lo que se trata de crear marcas lderes dentro del mercado, con extractos de marcas de talla internacional. En definitiva: un libro altamente recomendable.
6304383177|5.0|By far the best screwball comedy ever made. Cary Grant is hysterical as a stuffy professor commissioned by a museum to solicit a donation from a wealthy widow; while he is doing so he meets a madcap heiress (played by  Hepburn) who falls for him - and she just happens to be the widow's niece.   The film is side-splitting from start to finish and features great  performances from some of the best of the 30's character actors: May Robson  as wealthy Aunt Elizabeth (you'll love the way she fumes over Grant and  Hepburn's antics); Barry Fitzgerald in a small role as half-drunken  groundskeeper Fogarty; Walter Catlett as the scatterbrained Constable  Slocum; Fritz Feld as a psychiatrist; and especially Charlie Ruggles as the  good-natured but incredibly loony Major Horace Applegate (from the time he  steps on the screen, he'll have you in hysterics).  The lion's share of  praise, however, goes to Grant and Hepburn; this was one of Hepburn's first  screwball comedies and yet her delivery is so fast and furious, you wonder  why she didn't make more in this genre.  Grant is superb as usual as stuffy  Professor Huxley (his inspiration for his performance was silent comic  Harold Lloyd).  My favorite scenes include the restaurant scene, when  Hepburn tears Grant's tuxedo jacket, and he in turn steps on the back of  her dress and rips it off (that scene seems to demonstrate how, in an  offbeat way, the characters are made for each other); and a hilarous  supper-table scene with Grant, Hepburn, Robson and Ruggles.  I really don't  understand why this film didn't attract depression era audiences in droves,  it's terrific escapism guaranteed to make you forget your troubles and  laugh for a while.  Guaranteed to stand up to repeated viewings - I've seen  it at least 20 times and I still haven't gotten tired of it.
B000007T1M|5.0|It bring tears to my eyes when I think about how little airplay the phenonimal music contained in this cd gets.  I don't know where System of a Down came from, but I cannot effing wait to see where they go.  I love this  cd, and I hope that put out another cd A.S.A.F.P.
0385486804|5.0|Into the wild is a story of an intelligent, well-off young man with everything going for him until he decided that money, education and materials are meaningless.   The same determination that helped Chris McCandless excel as a high school cross-country star enables him to survive  the lifestyle he comes across after college. He rides the rails, canoes to  Mexico on impulse and survives it all on nothing more than wits, luck and  an ever-present bag of rice.  In an increasingly crowded world, it was  difficult for McCandless to find the physical isolation he sought, but his  inward journey was more important than his external surroundings. Krakauer,  a writer for Outside magazine who obviously shares McCandless' wanderlust,  explains often-mysterious inclinations in a clear and revealing way.  &quot;In coming to Alaska, McCandless yearned to wander uncharted country,  to find a blank spot on the map,&quot; Krakauer writes. &quot;In 1992,  however, there were no more blank spots on the map in Alaska not anywhere.  But Chris, with his peculiar logic, came up with an elegant solution to  this dilemma: He simply got rid of the map.  While McCandless viewed nature  and solitude as the keys to fulfillment, he profoundly touched those he  encountered on the road prior to his fatal journey to Alaska. He comes  across as engaging yet ultimately unapproachable in his brash pursuit of  raw, austere experience.  Krakauer succeeds in capturing McCandless' unique  personality even as he establishes links between his subject and a loose  alliance of adventurers who also took to the wild in search of meaning and  identity.  Over the years, Alaska has been a magnet for intrepid characters  that trek into the bush, never to reappear. For example, Gene Rosellini,  the son of a wealthy Seattle restaurateur, hoped to return to a natural  state by scavenging and hunting game with spears and snares. He endured  Alaska's bitter winters clad only in rags and fashioned a windowless hut  without benefit of saw or ax.  After declaring this experiment a failure,  Rosellini made plans to walk around the world, but he never got the chance.  He was found lying face down on the floor of his shack in 1991, dead of a  self-inflicted knife wound to the heart.  Krakauer's own foolhardy, yet  determined, attempts to climb &quot;an intrusion of diorite mountain called  the Devils Thumb&quot; in Alaska during his youth sheds still further light  on McCandless. Based on his own experience, Krakauer convincingly argues  that McCandless wasn't suicidal, as many have speculated.   Despite his  fate, it is difficult to say that McCandless died in vain. Or to deny that  his approach to life is an enviable one in many respects. Although  McCandless would probably laugh at the notion, he is a profoundly American  figure, uncompromising in his approach and thoroughly optimistic about the  future. In an age when the idea of &quot;roughing it&quot; is like having a  sport-utility vehicle and thousands of dollars in camping equipment,  McCandless was in touch with the essential essence of nature. He is also a  reminder of what can happen when you take an all-or-nothing approach into  the wild. This is truly a story that gives man respect for nature's beauty  along with its principal dangers.
B00003CWL5|1.0|AMPAS is nuts giving &quot;American Beauty&quot; the Oscar for Best Picture. The MPAA is nuts giving &quot;American Beauty&quot; an &quot;R&quot; rating. If anything, this movie should be rated  &quot;NC-17&quot;. This movie was too much to handle, even for a  &quot;see-anything-once&quot; moviegoer like me. I mean, over-the-top black  comedy, bare breasts and masterbating sequences makes this movie all the  more unfair for its rating. And the ending was so bloody and disturbing, I  could barely lay my eyes on the screen. There are many people out there who  should NOT see this movie; if you are anywhere under 18 or the type who  cringes just by pouring ketchup on your fries or taking off a calculator  cover, I recommend to the highest extent you not see this movie. This is  unacceptable material to hit theatres or video, it strays far from it's  innocent image. Whatever age you are, don't see this movie. You'll be glad  you didn't.
B0000026VZ|3.0|I don't know if you are aware, but there is a better compilation of Toto (Toto's greatest hits) that is much more complete as this one, since it's on a double CD. You will lose the songs from Jean Michel Byron (bonus  tracks from past to present), but is that so important ? (I don't like him,  he imitates Michael Jackson); and what you win is &quot;Stranger in town,  If you belong to me, Holyanna, Don't chain my heart, gypsy train, straight  for the heart...&quot; , isn't it much better ?
6305750750|2.0|The regular tape has poor video and sound quality relative to most other movies, the Widescreen or &quot;Letterbox&quot; version is much better. However, both versions have scenes edited out, mostly subtle but one scene  which explains how Darth Maul traced the good guys to Tatooin was removed.  As for the script, it is good for kids, but rather flawed for  &quot;intelligent&quot; adults. References of Anakin as &quot;Jesus  Christ&quot;, and linking it (the Force) to something that can be measured  in blood, as well as &quot;Barney&quot; style acting by the boy ruined the  movie for me. As for the DVD issue, nevermind that there is NO DVD of ANY  Lucas Films, the original Star Wars Trilogy is not even commercially  available any more in any format, this and the removal of scenes from both  vhs release of Phantom Menace, tells me that Mr. Lucas has truly turned to  the &quot;Dark Side&quot; of capitalism. Disney style.
0800132335|5.0|Das Boot is one of the best World War II movies I have ever seen.  The ending will suprise you.  You won't believe it.
6303460151|4.0|Most critics harped on this movie's lack of &quot;depth&quot; when it originally came out. My question is, how would a comedy with &quot;depth&quot;  about the fashion industry play? I'm sure it would be  much more unwatchable than the witty display Altman puts on here. Yes,  there's too many characters and yes, Altman glides over everything without  much development but he directs with a sense a fun and keeps the whole  thing smooth and amusing. He's much less judgmental about the fashion  industry than a director in his seventies might be: in a movie fillled with  star performers and designers, everyone is depicted and even photographed  is a very democratic manner even if they're all made out to be slightly  ridiculous. Only Sophia Loren is really given the &quot;star&quot;  treatment in her appearances and even that is done mainly as parody (she  begins the movie in a frumpy bathrobe and glasses-who else but Altman would  have the nerve to commit such a breach? ) It's arguable that the movie is a  little trite-but then so is the fashion industry. I think people were  disappointed in this movie primarilybecause Altman didn't stage a fashion  show, he only covers one.  Altman does here what he's always done well:  shown off the farcial elements of American social  and political  institutions. As for Leonard Maltin, I'm sure his mind is numb after a  lifetime of overpraising movies much worse than this one.
0385486804|5.0|Into the wild is a story of an intelligent, well-off young man with everything going for him until he decided that money, education and materials are meaningless.   The same determination that helped Chris McCandless excel as a high school cross-country star enables him to survive  the lifestyle he comes across after college. He rides the rails, canoes to  Mexico on impulse and survives it all on nothing more than wits, luck and  an ever-present bag of rice.  In an increasingly crowded world, it was  difficult for McCandless to find the physical isolation he sought, but his  inward journey was more important than his external surroundings. Krakauer,  a writer for Outside magazine who obviously shares McCandless' wanderlust,  explains often-mysterious inclinations in a clear and revealing way.  &quot;In coming to Alaska, McCandless yearned to wander uncharted country,  to find a blank spot on the map,&quot; Krakauer writes. &quot;In 1992,  however, there were no more blank spots on the map in Alaska not anywhere.  But Chris, with his peculiar logic, came up with an elegant solution to  this dilemma: He simply got rid of the map.  While McCandless viewed nature  and solitude as the keys to fulfillment, he profoundly touched those he  encountered on the road prior to his fatal journey to Alaska. He comes  across as engaging yet ultimately unapproachable in his brash pursuit of  raw, austere experience.  Krakauer succeeds in capturing McCandless' unique  personality even as he establishes links between his subject and a loose  alliance of adventurers who also took to the wild in search of meaning and  identity.  Over the years, Alaska has been a magnet for intrepid characters  that trek into the bush, never to reappear. For example, Gene Rosellini,  the son of a wealthy Seattle restaurateur, hoped to return to a natural  state by scavenging and hunting game with spears and snares. He endured  Alaska's bitter winters clad only in rags and fashioned a windowless hut  without benefit of saw or ax.  After declaring this experiment a failure,  Rosellini made plans to walk around the world, but he never got the chance.  He was found lying face down on the floor of his shack in 1991, dead of a  self-inflicted knife wound to the heart.  Krakauer's own foolhardy, yet  determined, attempts to climb &quot;an intrusion of diorite mountain called  the Devils Thumb&quot; in Alaska during his youth sheds still further light  on McCandless. Based on his own experience, Krakauer convincingly argues  that McCandless wasn't suicidal, as many have speculated.   Despite his  fate, it is difficult to say that McCandless died in vain. Or to deny that  his approach to life is an enviable one in many respects. Although  McCandless would probably laugh at the notion, he is a profoundly American  figure, uncompromising in his approach and thoroughly optimistic about the  future. In an age when the idea of &quot;roughing it&quot; is like having a  sport-utility vehicle and thousands of dollars in camping equipment,  McCandless was in touch with the essential essence of nature. He is also a  reminder of what can happen when you take an all-or-nothing approach into  the wild. This is truly a story that gives man respect for nature's beauty  along with its principal dangers.
0792842731|5.0|Apart from the absolutely non-stop action (and who can say that's so strange in a James Bond film) and the constant rattle of machine pistols (one of them did run out of ammunition eventually!), this is a very  pleasing piece of Bond. Having decided that Brosnan is the genuine article  some time ago, I think the casting is one of the film's strong points.  Brosnan makes a very good James indeed, in my opinion. I particularly liked  his female counterpart, Michelle Yeoh, who played a slightly more  independent role than some of Bond's former heroines. Perhaps the weakest  part of all fell to the crazed magnate giving the impetus to this typical  Bond plot involving imminent destruction on a planetary level.  Nevertheless, he too got away with it, most of the time (right up to his  predictably sticky end, in fact!). The ultimate bad guy was made to look  the fool just a shade too often, but he made up for it with some Herculean  efforts at trying to put our James out of his misery. What a silly  boy!<br />The stunts are piled one on top of another and you really have to  laugh at some of them. As I explained to my son when he expressed disbelief  about some of the more amazing sequences, that's the point: we know they  are not possible but we love to see James get out of those tight corners  anyway. It's definitely classic Bond, but being modern and up-to-date and  all, there's a bit too much firepower and a certain old-fashioned Bond  subtlety is no doubt lacking. Still... you can't have everything.
B00004STPT|5.0|A phenomenal piece from the opening rumbles to the closing female soloist, this disc is riddled with terrific cues.  Tracks 3 and 13 rank high among the very best in action scoring, with some of Zimmer's most blistering work  to date.  Lisa Gerrard adds to the score as well with moving dramatic  moments and astounding choral moments.  An absolute classic!
B000001FRY|4.0|Recently rebought this CD, mostly because it was cheap and for completion's sake. Forgot what an unapologetic rocker it is. Most of the songs are played at 11 with the band propelling the song forward as a  single unit. No flash or grandstanding here, just talent. All the songs are  good, a few are great especially An Cat Dubh, Out of Control, Stories for  Boys, A Day Without Me, Another Time Another Place (Is Bono shrieking/  singing in German towards the end?), and the Electric Co. The band is white  hot throughout and Steve Lillywhite is a criminally underrated  producer.Although this CD is 20 years old, it is surprisingly fresh and  doesn't sound as dated as their mega-anthems of the mid-to-late 80's  probably because this album has not been as overplayed. Whether you are a  U2 fan, an 80's music fan, or someone who just likes unique music, Boy is  your man.
B00000IQMT|1.0|Jeeze this is suck a stupid soundtrack. The movie is even worse! Whats so good about star wars? It's just some stupid people flying in ships. The music is for losers and it's just plain DUMB!
B0000247D1|5.0|For Gunter Wand to come along,  this late in history,  and conduct such a performance is simply staggering.  If we had no other recordings from Wand,  this would guarantee his posthumous reputation.  My favourite version of  this symphony was Karajan's 1976 with the BPO on DG,  but having listened  to Wand's version only once,  I was forced to rethink.  Wand is definitely  an equal for Bruckner's 4th,  and I now find it difficult to recommend one  over the other.  Wand's reading is strong, detailed,  and deep. He is in  his element when conducting Bruckner and really demonstrates an affinity  with the music and with the composer.  The BPO is at its usual best; Wand  knows how to get the best out the it,  and it clearly warms to his style.   Not for nothing is this the best orchestra in the world. So, I would  thoroughly recommend this performance - not only this version,  but also  this symphony for those who are yet to hear any of Bruckner's work.  It is  the most accessible,  followed by symphony no. 7.
6302649943|4.0|I must say the choice of actors during this film was perfect.  However, there were some characters, where the directors got a little sketchy.  I won't tell who.  The film-makers definietly got across the vision of  Pennywise(PERFECTLY), the psycho-killer, with humourus funny lines...hehee.   They left out some good parts too, but you have to read the book to find  out what exactly.  I thought the acting was pretty good(for kids), and  music was brilliant!  The effects were so-so(it was made in 1990, remember  that)......but there was one REALLY bad thing the directors did.  I won't  tell you find out.....<br />All in all, if you a person who doesn't have the  time to read 1200 pages(reccommended by me), then see this movie.  Or even  better, read the book, then see the movie because the book isn't exactly  the same.<br />Danny Ferraro Age 13
B00003OSSL|1.0|Harrison Ford plays an internal affairs cop with a wife (Susanna Thompson) currently in external affair and soon to be submerged in a Southern Air flight among the fishes and her paramour (Peter Coyote). The adulterous  couple were on their way to a weekend tryst to Miami when something went  terribly wrong. And something else goes terribly wrong from this point on  --- the script.<br />Harrison looks up Coyote's wife (Kristin Scott Thomas)  who is a congresswoman running for re-election. Harrison just can't let  this thing go for two more torturous hours. I still have nightmares  involving the extent of boredom this movie injected into my psyche.<br />I  would rather watch Night of the Lepus five consecutive times in an  uncomfortable chair than to watch Random Hearts once again in my custom  Lazyboy comfy recliner.<br />Random comments I made to Movie Queen* during  this viewing included: (1) Is it over yet?, (2) Surely this is the end!,  and (3) If Harrison touches another phone answering machine I'm outta  here!<br />*my better half<br />gz 4/25/00
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I was a bit wary of hearing another A-Ha album, after I was so disappointed with East Of The Sun... and Memorial Beach, but this has renewed my faith in this band. This is a masterpiece that no true music fan  should be without. Unfortunately, there are no plans to release it in the  USA, but as an American, I think I can safely say that most people over  here wouldn't be able to appreciate an album like this anyway. It's doing  very well in Europe though, and I'm glad to hear it. They deserve it. This  CD is incredible.
B00004SVIK|3.0|A live performance is never able to capture the true sounds of studio experimentation, Floyd is no exception.  Is There Anybody Out There? is not as durable and lacks sound quality that is present in The Wall.  Buy this  album because it's Floyd, but don't expect it to replace the true essence  of a studio Floyd.
0792841344|4.0|As a successful director of kid's films, Don Coscarelli felt like moving into horror. But he was out of ideas so he shut himself in a mountain cabin for a few weeks and dreamt up Phantasm. God only knows what he was smoking or drinking in order to conjure up a story like this. I've been watching it for over six years, trying to get my head around it. But like the most complex of David Lynch films, there are still some parts of the puzzle that are too warped to fit.<br /><br />Mike and Jody Pearson are two brothers living in small town California. Their parents have recently died, leaving twenty-something Jody in charge of 13-year-old Mike. But Jody is restless and cannot stay cooped up in such a small town for long. Mike dreads that Jody will dump him with an aunt or uncle and disappear beyond the horizon.<br /><br />But that's the least of his worries for the moment. Jody's friend has mysteriously committed suicide and after his funeral Mike, hiding in the bushes, sees the undertaker, a sinister Tall Man, heave the coffin out of the ground all by himself and dump it back in the Hearse.<br /><br />Knowing something ain't quite right about all this, Mike investigates the funeral home and is attacked by hooded dwarfs, flying killer chrome spheres (inspired by one of Coscarelli's nightmares) and is chased by the Tall Man. He gets away but loses a shoe and hacks off some of the Tall Man's fingers for proof.<br /><br />It's not an ordinary finger, it oozes some kind of yellow puss (embalming fluid perhaps) and still pokes around on it's own. Convinced of supernatural interference, the brothers team up with their Ice Cream vendor pal Reggie to kick the Tall Man's head in. It ain't that easy I'm afraid and the film turns from weirdo horror into positively strange sci-fi as the trio discover more and more inexplicable activity going on at Morningside Cemetery.<br /><br />The film doesn't have many faults. But it is quite frustrating seeing the characters do no more than go to the cemetery and go home, then go to the cemetery and go home for, more or less, the entire running time. Don Coscarelli shot about 3 hours worth of footage and only ended up using half that. There are loads of fun scenes left out that, while not essential to the film's plot, could have kept things more balanced.<br /><br />The total 70s feel is a major plus though. Man, I wish I were a kid back then. The big hair, the flares, the cool cars, the loose women and the funky music are all part of this film. The hip 70s score is also incredibly funky and spooky at the same time. Once you start humming it there's no stop.<br /><br />It's also very different from the typical 70s horror formula. There are no masked killers, no women being chased through the woods and no slasher fodder characters. Mike, Jody and Reggie are bold and decisive and choose to fight instead of running and hiding. The setting of rural California is also a refreshing change from medieval castles, hick villages or haunted houses.<br /><br />Angus Scrimm, who plays the Tall Man, is no doubt the film's best asset. He hardly says a word but he OWNS every scene he's in. His physical presence and menace makes him a damn cool horror villain and he ought to be as iconic as Freddy or Jason.<br /><br />No matter what way you look at it, Phantasm never makes complete sense. You can turn it upside down, inside out and back-to-front and you might be able to work most of it out, but there will always be one thing that sticks out. Don Coscarelli claimed he wanted it to be open-ended and ambiguous as a way of not having to make any sequels.<br /><br />That tactic didn't work.the cemetery and go home for, more or less, the entire running time. Don Coscarelli shot about 3 hours worth of footage and only ended up using half that. There are loads of fun scenes left out that, while not essential to the film's plot, could have kept things more balanced.    The total 70s feel is a major plus though. Man, I wish I were a kid back then. The big hair, the flares, the cool cars, the loose women and the funky music are all part of this film. The hip 70s score is also incredibly funky and spooky at the same time. Once you start humming it there's no stop.    It's also very different from the typical 70s horror formula. There are no masked killers, no women being chased through the woods and no slasher fodder characters. Mike, Jody and Reggie are bold and decisive and choose to fight instead of running and hiding. The setting of rural California is also a refreshing change from medieval castles, hick villages or haunted houses.    Angus Scrimm, who plays the Tall Man, is no doubt the film's best asset. He hardly says a word but he OWNS every scene he's in. His physical presence and menace makes him a damn cool horror villain and he ought to be as iconic as Freddy or Jason.    No matter what way you look at it, Phantasm never makes complete sense. You can turn it upside down, inside out and back-to-front and you might be able to work most of it out, but there will always be one thing that sticks out. Don Coscarelli claimed he wanted it to be open-ended and ambiguous as a way of not having to make any sequels.    That tactic didn't work.
0446347949|5.0|This is probably the best marketing book that I ever read. If you have just started to read about marketing, I think you must start reading this book. You will learn about the basic concept of marketing: positioning. An  advice: don't loose your time reading The New Positioning, that in my point  of view is an attempt to bring up-to-date Positioning. Read Positioning  again. My best regards, Alexandre
B000003BF1|5.0|Released early in the Stones' long music career, &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; stands out as one of their best albums ever. One of my favorite things in any music album is a wide variety of style. &quot;Let It Bleed&quot;  certainly won't disappoint anybody in this area. This CD is an excellent  mix of rock, blues, and country styles. There are a few songs on this album  that will never be seen on any of the Stones' greatest hits albums, but are  still great. I'm not sure how many of you have listened to the original  blues version of &quot;Love In Vain&quot;, but if you have, the Rolling  Stones do a very good cover of it. I do agree with other fans that even  though &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; is a very good song,  it is not even the best one on this CD. &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot;,  &quot;Monkey Man&quot;, &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot;, and &quot;Let It  Bleed&quot; are all great songs. This is definitely an essential Rolling  Stones album.
6305807086|5.0|This is one of the best movies i have ever seen, it simply great. I dont think words can describe this, you just have to see it!
B000002KEV|5.0|As well as being the greatest live album ever, the first half hour represents the finest music ever recorded.
B000023X9W|2.0|A long time ago a friend of mine told me that if the critics for Rolling Stone and other music magazines had to BUY the CD's they reviewed, maybe there wouldn't be so many FIVE STAR albums in the world. Funny how $16.99  or $14.99 or even $12.99 can skew your musical tastes. Case in point, this  latest release from Neil Young.  Here's one of those guys who just about  ranks a Five Star review everytime he puts a record out. Granted, he  deserves his fair share. From Harvest to Live Rust to Ragged Glory, Neil  always manages to wrap up, or start each decade with an out and out, honest  to goodness Classic.  But this, his first release of the 21'st century, is  a far cry from a classic. Now I won't lie to you, I always enjoy Neil more  when he's in Crazy Horse-mode. However,  that said, I love Harvest and  Harvest Moon as well as Old Ways and Hawks and Doves . . . so I know the  guy can fingerpick his way around a great Country tune or beautiful folk  song, just as well as a grunge workout or a Trans-era-techno-rockabilly  mish-mash. Change has always been his saving grace...and to some, his  downfall. What I am getting at here is this...there are times, when Neil,  in any role...Godfather of Grunge, elder spokesman, or grandfather  storyteller, can be, well, boring. Just think any CSN&amp;Y album. In fact,  it comes a no surprise for me that Neil let CSN pick their favorite songs  from this album to go on their latest release. Many people will see this  album as the third of a trilogy starting with Harvest and Harvest  Moon...two all-time great albums....no matter who recorded them. If so,  they will be disapponted. The Godfather of grunge has run into the  Godfather of movies-syndrome. No matter how great this album is, it's hard  to live up to the first two. Maybe that's why this album sounds like he  didn't even try. Everyone is talking about the song Buffalo Springfield  Again, and the title (as well as the band's history) leads one to believe  that it should besomething to talk about . It tells the story of the day,  almost 35 years after the band's break-up, that Neil and his wife were  working in their garden, when the DJ played an old Buffalo Springfield  song. Suddenly, Neil found himself straddling three decades of memories,  grudges, and lost friendships. The only problem is, my version of it here  shows as much emotion as the song. Maybe that's because the lyrics are so  trite you get the feeling that Neil couldn't be bothered to do much more  than write a clever title. In fact, that's the problem with the whole  album, it just seems shallow, trite. Pick any song: Daddy Went Walking,  Good To See You, Horseshoe Man, and it's the same thing, simple guitars  strummed lightly under that lonesome voice singing childlike lyrics, devoid  of a  child's immagination. A lot of people will say &quot;That's just the  point.&quot; This album is all about looking back, and it does have that  feeling of wistfulness about it . . . but that's all it is, a feeling, a  hint. And it's not like Neil hasn't mined this area before with much better  results. There is not one line on the entire album as rich or touching as  the line 'From Hank to Hendrix' from the song of the same name on Harvest  Moon.  Now I know that so far, I am a lone voice here. This album, as is  the case with most of his albums ,  is getting great reviews from better  writers than I. Thanks to those reviews, I bought the album I am sure  others will too.  Like I said, it sounds different when you shell out the  cash. One last thought, maybe old Neil is like a lot of people and thinks  that the new century starts in 2001. Maybe that's when he will release that  Classic we all know he has in him.
B00003CXDU|4.0|&quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; is one of the funniest recent comedies. It is not only a parody of &quot;Star Trek&quot;, it also makes fun of those who worship the series beyond belief. Yet, the film laughs with them, not about  them.<br />The film is not a spoof in the style of &quot;Airplane&quot;. The  difference is that from the halfway mark on, &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; could  almost pass for a real episode of &quot;Star Trek&quot;. The spoof is not  too obvious which makes it all the more funny. The cast is really  fantastic, especially Alan Rickman and Sigourney Weaver are bearly  recognizeable in their roles. Tim Allen is perfect as the Kirk-like  commander. The special effects by ILM are always as convincing as they  should be (watch out for the brilliant effects of the old &quot;Glaxy  Quest&quot;-episodes).<br />If you like the &quot;Star Trek&quot; series and  films (like me), it is extremly unlikely that you don't like &quot;Galaxy  Quest&quot;. If you don't like &quot;Star Trek&quot;, you will probably  enjoy it, too?
6305265666|4.0|This is a wonderful movie for all ages! I loved it so much! I thought that Drew Berrymoore did a very good job at acting in this movie!
0440234743|5.0|At first I thought I was reading a book by another great writer, Douglas Kennedy (The Big Picture and The Job).  It begins with billionare Troy Phelan narrating his soon to be death.  His &quot;family&quot; are bums and  little do they know they get nothing when he dies because  Rachel Lane, a  missionary living deep in the jungles of Brazil is named the sole heir whom  Nate O'Riley, a disgraced corportate attorney has been picked to find  Rachel Lane at any cost. The fastest 533 pages I've ever read.
0679746048|2.0|Girl, Interrupted is an adequate memoir full of short stories about Susanna Kaysen's, the author, stay at a mental hospital after being diagnosed with a borderline personality.  The reader should not expect much  else from the novel than these short stories and a long drawn out analysis  of her so-called character disorder.  Girl, Interrupted is a quick,  semi-entertaining read that includes humor, sadness, and a little bit of  adventure, without much closure.  I enjoyed the first half of the book, but  I felt that at the halfway point the author lost her point in writing this  novel.  I did find some humor within some of the stories, and in 18 year  old Kaysen's contempt for people in general.  Overall this psychological  memoir was good, but I prefer novels wth a plot, and that follow the plot  sequence.
6300213714|4.0|From the opening night shot of the Wonder Wheel's flickering lights, viewers are drawn into the surreal world of New York City street gangs in the 1979 film; The Warriors. The distant frame of a dark, foresaken, Coney  Island amusement park is ominously accentuated by a haunting keyboard fill  from Barry De Vorzen's masterful soundtrack.  Something is going to happen  on this summer night in New York City and director Walter Hill is the tour  guide.  Hill hits full throttle in this gritty yet fluorescent street  pagent where the past meets the future.  Sadly the film caused a series of  violent incidents among movie patrons which resulted in exhibitors pulling  the film from theaters.  Paramount Pictures backed the drastic action after  Time magazine published an article based on the film's violence, which  purportedly induced gangs watching the movie in Chicago and Boston to  attack innocent bystanders.  One death actually occured in a theater.  The  bizarre  after-effects and short theatrical run associated with the film  has contributed to its underground status.  The Warriors shattered the  conventionality of the street gang genre.  A montage of concrete darkness,  bright hues, thematic resolutions, racial solidarity, and human survival  mark the film's restlessness.  Crisp editing, brilliant cinamatography, and  a collection of indelible characters encapsulates the film's aura.  The  scenes filmed in the NYC subway system seen too realistic.  The sounds,  sights, and anxiety that emanate from the subway system are captured and  amplified brilliantly.  The paradoxical notion that the NYC subway system  will serve as the means for safe transport for a desperate gang on the run  from the Bronx to Brooklyn is clever.  Yes the Warriors could have hot  wired a car and driven down the FDR drive to the Brooklyn Bridge and on to  Coney Island, but this solution only occurs at the film's conclusion.  The  viewer is entrapped in the plight of our protagonists as they siftthrough  the concrete labyrinth, confronting cops, rival gangs, and street women.  When the Warriors finally reach their destination at dawn, the realization  of their poverty is a force they cannot fight or escape.  Swann exemplifies  his social confinement on society's lowest rung, when he pulls Mercy's hand  down while she attempts to preen herself in front of two prom couples that  have boarded the subway. (Don't ask why the two prom couples are not in a  limousine).  Teenage social divisions were never exploited in such a  manner.  This scene was a powerful testament to the divergent social,  economic, and racial class systems that exist in the United States.  Joe  Walsh's rock anthem In the City is the reflective lid that ends this unique  film.  The Warriors is a film that thrills, entertains, and questions  society's answers to urban decay.  One glarring blooper is apparent in the  film.  When the remaining members of the gang finally meet at the Union  Square station, no reference is made to Fox. The members inquire about  Ajax, but what about Fox who was thrown onto the tracks during the fight  with  the police officer?   \\"BE LOOKING GOOD WARRIORS, ALL THE WAY  BACK TO CONEY\\"
6301871952|5.0|This is a true gem in the Gremlins movies.  Much better than the first.  This time, you get a good look at to why all the Gremlins are attacking people (Something that was avoided in the first film).  Pretty much all the  original acters were in it (Though I find it hard the old guy and his wife  survived the snow plow in the first one [Plus everyone acted as if they  died]), the old guy died very quikly in the film.  But does everything that  girl think about bad?  First Christmas, now Abraham Lincon, she needs a  life.
0425170349|5.0|This is Tom Clancy at his best.The plot continually develops itself in a logical and compelling way and the descriptions of action are extraordinary for realism and sequence.I truly believe that Tom Clancy has the writer  gene in his DNA and he costantly proves this!5 stars!
6300263673|5.0|This is one of those movies that gets cornier and cornier every time you watch it, but I love it anyway.  The first time I saw it, I wanted to cry at the end, and it wasn't even sad.<br />I would have to say that the best  things in this movie are not the acting (Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze  are attractive, and they have great chemistry together, but they aren't  Oscar nominees by a long shot); the music and the dancing are what make  &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; worth watching over and over.  It seems like  every time I watch it, I notice something else about the plot, the music,  or the dancing that had never occurred to me before.<br />This movie is not  for everyone; if you're looking for action, or award-winning drama, or  slapstick comedy, look elsewhere.  But if you want a romantic comedy with  great dancing and music and a wonderful ending, look no further!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd is probably the best cd of 1999.  It is definately my favorite.   The best songs on it are Otherside and Californication.  If you don't buy  many cd's, then definately buy this one as one of them.
B000002HRE|4.0|I cannot see why so many people dislike &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot;. They are Metallica's best albums. Sure, they don't sound like &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; or &quot;And Justice For  All&quot;, but you probably should have guessed that it would have to  change sooner or later. Band's should mature and that's what Metallica has  done. (&quot;Load&quot; and) &quot;Reload&quot; features some of  Metallica's best material. Such as the raw power of &quot;Fuel&quot;, the  slick guitar riffs of &quot;Slither&quot;, &quot;Bad Seed&quot;, and  &quot;Attitude&quot;, and the somewhat anthemic &quot;Prince  Charming&quot;. Sellouts? I think not. So they finally have huge commercial  success. What's wrong with that? Metallica can still blow any band out of  the water today. &quot;Reload&quot; keeps that true.
0425152251|4.0|&amp;#65279;What if your life wasn't \\"real\\"? What if your world was fabricated in the mind of an unknown? Who are you? These are questions tackled by 14 year-old Sophie Amundsen in Jostein Gaarder's book Sophie's  World. While the tale begins with the seemingly simple question of \\"Who are  you?\\" the others are soon encountered as she is guided on a philosophical  journey through history by the philosopher, Alberto Knox. Never before have  I read a book, with such a layered plot. Sophie is studying the world of  philosophy -from ancient Greece to the present- , but someone is studying  Sophie, while we ourselves are studying that someone. Surprisingly,  however, Sophie's World is not a dark, sinister tale, but a pleasant romp  through the history of philosophy. While it is not enough to make you  all-knowing in philosophy, it will certainly whet the beginners palate and  perhaps be found as a refreshing review by the experts. Jostein Gaarder has  written a unique book for the old and young alike, that can certainly be  considered a whole world in and of itself.
0802130208|4.0|It was a good book.  I'll admit to that. However, I did not find it &quot;rip-roaring&quot;.  I found it disturbing.  It did have funny moments, but I was disappointed, I guess I heard too much hype about its  humor.<br />J.K. Toole was a good writer.  But I felt this book was  unfinished.  The last chapter, although climactic seemed to die at the very  end.<br />All in all a good, quick read.  Interesting characters and story  line.  Some humor, mostly tragedy and unsetteling reality.
630575067X|5.0|okay i saw this movie in theaters four times and went to the very first showing and the crowd erupted with applause and cheers at the all familar fox and star wars fanfare.star wars represents unity and that what has  excited me..now let us go down the list of what the buzz has said.<br />1)  okay if everything was explained in episode one why do we need a two and  three...plus don't you people have imagination?  i mean it is supposed to  attract you to see the other movies ans besides we all know how it ends why  do you want everything solved so immediately..i have enjoyed pondering the  what if's and ummmmmmm's of te questions this movie has ledt me and have  let my imagination run wild until i think that i have it figured out.<br />2)  sure it is not gonna live up to ten years of hype but come on if you take  episode one and compare it to episode four i think you have a far more  engaging film action wise and you seem to get more invloved....i rememeber  i thought luke was too whiney at the beginning but loved him later...so if  you quit comparing one film to three then maybe you will see what you have  missed.<br />3) jar jar- was every bit comic relief and enjoyable.so what if  he sound jamacian.jamacian accents are cool and it shows use clumsy people  that us too can accomplish big feats.<br />4) many adults did not like this  film because of the age of the characters while i admit that is why i did  not praticlarly care for jake lloyd...some parts were overacted...i did  like natalie portman and hopefully with them older in the next film people  will get into there characters more.since people like to go to the movies  and lose themselves..<br />overall the movie was not a let down once i  surpassed my own hype and let my imagination once again take control.sure  there was some unbelievable stuff but no big deal..in the star wars  universe anything goes..do i have questions about contridictions sure..but  my faith is on lucas he knows what he is doing...so come on i surpassed my  great un realistic expectations can you?
B00000J7SS|5.0|Miles Davis has always led the way when it comes to new avenues in jazz. When he released this disc he played live on the old Johnny Carson show, and after his performance Johnny just shook his head and went to a  commercial. What could he possibly say? This music was released thirty  years ago and nobody can touch it, not even the so-called innovators of  modern jazz like Carla Bley or The Art Ensemble of Chicago. Miles will  continue to amaze and entertain as no one else can. This particular disc  can be listened to hundreds of times and it seems brand new each time. 5  stars is not enough praise for this dynamic material and it is sad that  there aren't other greats like him out there. His creativity and genius  were truly unique.
630575067X|5.0|I thought this movie was really good! I would recommend anybody to watch it!
0767840135|5.0|I have travel every where to see the cirque du soleil i have to say that it is an experience that words couldnt do justice. it is so big it can be contain in the tent. i love every second of the show . the tapes are a  reminder of the great experience the show is.
6304083777|5.0|I would rate this film next best to Akira, the animation is most stunning, the storyline is greek to me, completely wierd, but besides that it is a really emotional and fantastic film, if you like Manga, and you like films like Akira, Cyber City, Genocyber etc. then you should definitely buy this,  its a surefire classic.
0385493800|5.0|I read the other reviews, and frankly I was surprized.  I loved all the Grisham books, but this one was by far and away my favourite.  I loved it!   I could hardly put it down, and read far into the night to finish  it.  I know it sounds corny, but I actually found it &quot;life  changing&quot;.  It gave me a whole new perspective and there was lots of  &quot;food for thought&quot;.  Well done.
0553296981|4.0|The story of Anne Frank is a story of a young Jewish girl caught up in the turmoil of the Holocaust in the early 1940's.  The book is a translation of Anne's diary of the years during this horrible time.  Anne Frank: The Diary  of a Young Girl tells a vivid story of a Jewish family and their trials and  hardships.  Anne Frank begins her diary once she receives it for her  birthday.  She is an ordinary girl living in Frankfort during the 1940's.  As she describes it, she has a loving, caring family, great friends, and  many admiring boy friends.  Her life is turned upside down one day,  however, when her ad her family are forced to leave their happy lives and  go into hiding.  Anne is very talkative and cheerful.  She always tries to  look on the bright side, no matter how gloomy it may seem. When a person  thinks of the Holocaust, they normally think of a time of hardships and  suffering.  Although this is the case with the Frank family, they lived  very comfortably compared to other Jews.  They share a hidden house with  four other people, called the &quot;Secret Annex.&quot;  Their house has  three floors, so it is fairly roomy considering their situation.  The  translation of Anne's diary is very accurate and well done.  Her entries  are very imaginative and give vivid descriptions of everyday life for the  Jewish refugees during the Holocaust.  The story also shows the Holocaust  from a child's point of view and has excellent stories of love and  injustice, among other themes.  Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl is an  excellent book for people of all ages, and should be thoroughly appreciated  by every religion for all of the suffering the Jews endured during this  time.
B000002C1W|3.0|Absolutely forgettable.  The lyrics are a bore.  No real vision to the album at all.<br />That said, it must be said that the performances are of the highest standard.  The band is in very good form.  If only the material was  up to their level.
B00000JGOH|2.0|Am I the only person in the world who found this movie less than enthralling/endearing!   Perhaps Miramax, as part of its astounding marketing blitz, turned everyone else into pod people and only I am left to  sound the alarm? Although I tend to be a purist when it comes to films of  Shakespeare's plays, I'm not utterly closed minded.  But this  &quot;romp&quot; was too cutesy by far.  Fiennes was pallid, Dench and  others were wasted, and Paltrow ... argh!:  the start of the appalling  Gwynethmania of the last couple of years (although I liked her in  &quot;Sliding Doors&quot;). . . . much ado about nothing, if I may coin a  phrase.
B00004SVIK|5.0|What a great CD!  I have had a couple of previous bootlegs over the years, but this just flat out sounds better.  Of course this album is also gorgeously remixed, which none of the bootlegs are.<br />I am a bit  disappointed with a couple of the choices, however.  For example,  Comfortably Numb has never sounded better, until Gilmour's rather  perfunctory final solo ends with a whimper rather than a bang.  Also,  certain tracks sound virtually identical to the studio release.  That said,  the version of Run Like Hell released here is alone worth the price of the  album, a true skin-crawling pleasure.  Ditto the assorted Another Brick in  the Wall, In The Flesh, and Mother.<br />Bottom line:  A splendid live album.   Considering that it comes from tapes that are over 20 years old, it is even  more remarkable.
B00004SVIK|5.0|I was never much of a Pink Floyd fan. I admit I only own 1 CD of Floyd. and that's dark side of the moon.  that was until I heard on the radio that pink Floyd was going to release a &quot;live performance&quot;  I was  amazed. at the clarity of the recording, you would never think it was a  live performance until you hear the applause at the end of each song.. very  well done ..big applause goes to the sound engineers who made this  possible..  A must
0425098478|5.0|This book is required reading for the course I teach in educational methodology. The fact is that we all need to manage our interpersonal communications in an effective manner and both the ideas presented here and  the manner in which they are presented exemplify how to do just that.
0440219078|2.0|The Giver may have won the Newberry Book Award, but there are acouple of places in the book that didn't make sense, such as the ending.  What happened, he startes rolling down the hill then goes into a house with  x-mas lights, did he die or something? What exactly happened to him?<br />We  as a class hade to read this book and are tolled to write a review at  Amazon, because thats were we got the books.  Many of my calss mates didn't  understand the ending.
6303433766|5.0|I was dumbstruck after watching this movie.  Even though it begins as a sweet tale of friendship between two young girls, it ends off as a haunting, yet true story.  Kate Winslet, once again showing she is one of  the best actresses of her time, is amazing (as is everyone else).  This  movie isn't for all tastes, but it is a true work of art.
6304078145|5.0|I personally liked this conglomerated offerings of several different directors (the most noteworthy of which being none other than Quentin Tarentino, the man, the myth, the legend). I'm too darn lazy to look up the other contributors so screw it, on with the review. This movie is all about  Ted, the bellboy (played by Tim Roth, of at least two other Tarantino  films), who is stuck at a sprawling Hollywood hotel on New Year's Eve. Ted  is faced with four equally nerve-wracking sets of guests, which nearly  drive him over the edge. At least he gets something in return for his hard  work in the end (in the Tarantino directed segment). The soundtrack is done  entirely by the incredibly talented but underrated band Combustible Edison  (insert fanfare here), who are one of my favorite bands, of not my current  favorite. All in all I'd say this movie is at least worth a rental and  probably a purchase too (if you can find it, stores generally tend to  listen to big, biased evil critic demons from Uranus). Huzzaw!
B00000J7J4|3.0|I didn't enjoy it! It gave me a headache while listening and driving.
0440213525|5.0|This is the first book that I read by John Grisham and I think it is a great book.  During the time that I was reading it, I had so many different feelings.  I thought that the book was scary, sad, and funny all at the  same time.  In this book there is a little boy who gets himself in so much  trouble.  The boy has a smart mouth.  He also is a quick thinker because of  how fast he makes hi scomments. Most of all I thought that &quot;The  Client&quot; was a funny book.  I plan to read many more books by John  Grisham.
0375420525|5.0|What a shame, some people just don't get this book. It is brilliant! Personally, I think this guy sold his soul for this book. The sheer depth of his writing, his characterizations, his empathy, his often-lyrical,  beautiful prose is absolutely amazing. If you shy away from mental  exercise, puzzles and the like, don't bother. If your preference is for the  superficial quick fix, instant gratification type of bestsellers that you  find on the shelves today, don't bother. You'll just frustrate yourself.  Because that's exactly what the book is, a puzzle; actually, a labyrinth  within a labyrinth, with doors and passageways leading nowhere, red  herrings and more than a few distractions. It's a glass house, and it's  good. Very, very good.
B000023X9W|3.0|It looks like this is one of those Neil releases that's going to have to sink in after a few million listens. While I'm not a big fan of the Harvest style (didn't he once say that he found himself in the middle of the road  after that record so he headed for a ditch?)-it does seem to suit his  encroaching old-er age. <br />I have to agree with one of the reviewers here  who wondered why he didn't re-release some old classics like 'On the  Beach'...is David Geffen that hard to deal with? While I always welcome new  Neil material, it is a crime that there is still excellent old Neil  unreleased on cd. Maybe we'll have to wait for the alleged box set to whet  our appetites. <br />This disc is worth the price for Razor Love and Without  Rings ('Rings' in my opinion up there on the profundity scale with 'Natural  Beauty' and 'Ambulance Blues') alone. The other pieces are trifles;  pleasant-but nothing spectacular. 'Buffalo Springfield Again' is just lazy  filler..also not bad, but not all that good. <br />But damn that GameBoy pixel  art on the cover is awesome! Makes me wonder when he's coming out with his  long-anticipated jungle album!
0312853238|5.0|i thought that this was a awsome book .  it toke your mind , made it think one way , than flipped it and trist it .  you ended up thinking totally with him the whole time , and yet you were also thinking how you thought  that he should not do this or to stay away from that .  you are like ender  , trying to make the right desions for your team mates , crew , and the  world .  the best opart of this book though was the ending .  i was soooo  shock to discover ... many new things .
0375703764|3.0|i read this  book through and only wish it had a story to tell.  Danielewski should find new editors, ones who will tell to him to get rid of all the meaningless footnotes and the special effects, which are more of  an irritation than anything.  maybe they could tell him that the story is  what counts and not the lofty notions and packaging.
0374172897|3.0|This book was engrossing because of the author's use of language.  He describes three situations simultaneously from three distinct time periods, and manages to eloquently capture the different emotions stirring in each  character.  Despite the author's use of language, I felt that three stars  was appropriate for this book because of the overall lack of plot and  character development.
0784011796|5.0|Don't stop reading. What I said above I gave much thought. I have had exposure to many classic films and many high quality feats of cinema. However, Pi outdoes all of the other movies I've ever seen. I don't know.  Something inside of me screams out and says &quot;You know what? This movie  is amazing. Not only is the cinematography excellent, the soundtrack  haunting, and the dialogue very intelligent and mysterious, but also this  movie means something to you-more than all other movies that you've  seen.&quot; If you like what you hear from my inside, then go and watch Pi.
B000002UAR|5.0|When I first heard this album I was quite amazed, because it included many great songs not on the the Red or Blue album.<br /><br />Here, There and Everywhere stands out, in my opinion, McCartney's best melody.<br /><br />Eleanor  Rigby- one of McCartney's best songs (Lennon thought it so good that the the final verse  must have been written by him). The key to understanding who wrote what Lennon McCartney song is he who sung it wrote it or at least most of it.  Sometimes Lennon might contribute a final verse to a McCatney song and vice versa.<br /><br />For No One, a simple yet great ballad.  Got  to get you into my life also by Paul showing a motown influence became a  major hit for Earth, Wind and Fire about 12 years later.  Dr Robert and I'm  only sleeping were both written by Lennon, and are both very good.<br /><br />Harrison  shows the first signs of future greatness with Taxman which became a no 1  hit for The Jam years later with a different title, which was the first  time I ever heard it. As usual the boys throw Ringo a bone, and what a  bone! Yellow Submarine became a no 1 hit.<br /><br />All in all a very important and  influential album and a must have album for your collection. In my view  this is one of the three best Beatle albums.  I hope you find this review helpful.
630018403X|5.0|I LOVE this movie! It is very well-made and hilarious with excellent acting! If you haven't seen this movie yet, please do so. I'm POSITIVE that everyone will enjoy this!
B00004LN16|5.0|(More like 4.5, actually.) A very good hard rock album. It's not as good as most of their '70s albums, but it's still good. The best songs are the first 3, &quot;Satellite Blues,&quot; &amp; &quot;Safe In New York  City.&quot; I liked all of the songs except for &quot;Hold Me Back&quot;  (that one sounds annoying to me.)
6305750750|4.0|George Lucas' vision is another step complete with this excellent saga.  Though not a heavy duty sci-fi nut, I do own all the Star Wars videos, in cluding this one.  My recommendation is for this widescreen edition, so  that none of the spectacular scenes and effects are lost.  This film is  kept from a 5 star rating simply by the kid-appeal accent on the silly  Jar-Jar character, which adds too much slapstick to an otherwise  extraordinary sci-fi entry.  The widescreen presen tation is especially  effective in the panoramic shots, the intense laser sabre fights, and the  near-legendary pod race.  Should one view the latter scene in pan-n-scan,  the quick action and editing would prove too claustrophobic.  This film is  well worth the limited edition purchase  price.  Featuring a &quot;making  of&quot; documentary of appx. 20 minutes preceding the main show.
B000002KDG|5.0|Neil Young took a look at the state of rock'n'roll in 1978,and saw a lot of his fellow musicians fall into ruts of their own making.Young felt that unless he kept moving with the times and experimenting with the medium,he  could become a has-been.He reunited with Crazy Horse to produce a bold  musical statement:it's better to burn out than it is to rust.Armed with two  songs intended for Lynard Skynard(WELFARE MOTHERS,POWDERFINGER)and other  songs about the death of Elvis and punk,the plight of the Indians travel  and stagnation;Young divided his show into acoustic and electric.The set  was oversize amps and mics set up by Road-eyes (or Jawas,if you want to get  technical).RUST NEVER SLEEPS is a defiant statement from a musician who is  willing to get ridiculed for changing;most of the time he was right.
0684843749|3.0|If you're trying to find a book which shows a wide variety of exercises for each and every muscle group, this book is excellent: it shows proper execution and purpose of each exercise (although some of those purposes are  mostly based on tradition and  not on scientific data).  The book also has  plenty of information on nutrition, and the pictures are awesome.  The big  flaw on it is that the information on training frequency and volume of  training seem to be from a bygone era: anyone trainig this much (specially  natural trainees) are in for an overtrainig nightmare. Bottom line: buy it  for recreational and inspirational purposes, and buy a good book (such as  Charles Poliquin's, Steven Fleck's, etc.)for designing workouts.
B000023X9W|5.0|This CD has that same gentle feel Neil conveyed on his 1999 solo tour.  The music here just blows through my hair like a light breeze at sunset on the porch after a Sunday dinner.  Neil, thanks for having us over.
0684843749|3.0|If you're trying to find a book which shows a wide variety of exercises for each and every muscle group, this book is excellent: it shows proper execution and purpose of each exercise (although some of those purposes are  mostly based on tradition and  not on scientific data).  The book also has  plenty of information on nutrition, and the pictures are awesome.  The big  flaw on it is that the information on training frequency and volume of  training seem to be from a bygone era: anyone trainig this much (specially  natural trainees) are in for an overtrainig nightmare. Bottom line: buy it  for recreational and inspirational purposes, and buy a good book (such as  Charles Poliquin's, Steven Fleck's, etc.)for designing workouts.
0767819594|2.0|A horrible movie, with bad acting (let me say that i despise Sarah Michelle Whats-it) but a heart-felt ending. Definitely not worth paying 8.00 or 3.75 for.
0812550757|2.0|...but far from great.  After having read Ender's Game and finding it thoroughly engrossing, I naturally proceeded to this sequel with high expectations.  I was disappointed.  Don't get me wrong--this is still good  sf worth your time--but it just can't compare with the depth and excitement  of Ender's Game.<br />Although I liked the book, I could really only give it  two stars due to what I consider to be some rather glaring faults:<br />1) The  book is overly preachy and sentimental.  The entire plot centers around  racial misunderstanding (even the little sub-plots), and the apparent goal  of the book is to teach a lesson in social conduct.  Frankly, I never much  cared for books that depended on a goal or a moral to make sense.  The  story should stand on its own without being some sort of political forum or  propaganda.<br />2) The time-line just doesn't make a lot of sense.  Why is it  that there seems to be virtually no technological advancement after 3000  years of continually expanding human society?  In the next book you find  out that faster-than-light-speed travel is possible, so why haven't humans  developed it by then?  And why, oh why, would they be using essentially the  same computer network for an entire three millenia?  Reached its peek?  The  world of Ender's Game seemed at least marginally plausible, but the world  of SFTD just seems to be a construction built around Ender for the purposes  of a somewhat shaky plot-line.<br />3) The plot pivots around one crucial  revelation early in the book, which is kept a secret from the reader  intentionally as a motivator.  More specifically, one of the characters  finds out an interesting bit of information and then  promptly--conveniently--dies before he gets to tell anyone.  Personally, I  think this is a particularly cheap plot device that should be kept  exclusive to the realm of pulp murder mysteries.  It doesn't make you enjoy  the book more, it just makes you want to skip to the end to find out what  the answer is.  To make matters worse, the author drops enough clues early  on, that you can guess the answer long before its handed to you, making the  rest of the book filler (sentimental and preachy filler, at that).<br />Even  with these faults, I'd still say the book is worth a read, if only as a  continuation of an otherwise brilliant series.  If you haven't already,  though, I'd suggest you start with the first, and best of the  series--Ender's Game--before reading this one.
6304383177|5.0|A very unique comedy, as well as excrutiatingly funny! This IS one of my favorite movies ever, and i simply must suggest that you go and rent it. It is sooooo good!
0812550757|2.0|...but far from great.  After having read Ender's Game and finding it thoroughly engrossing, I naturally proceeded to this sequel with high expectations.  I was disappointed.  Don't get me wrong--this is still good  sf worth your time--but it just can't compare with the depth and excitement  of Ender's Game.<br />Although I liked the book, I could really only give it  two stars due to what I consider to be some rather glaring faults:<br />1) The  book is overly preachy and sentimental.  The entire plot centers around  racial misunderstanding (even the little sub-plots), and the apparent goal  of the book is to teach a lesson in social conduct.  Frankly, I never much  cared for books that depended on a goal or a moral to make sense.  The  story should stand on its own without being some sort of political forum or  propaganda.<br />2) The time-line just doesn't make a lot of sense.  Why is it  that there seems to be virtually no technological advancement after 3000  years of continually expanding human society?  In the next book you find  out that faster-than-light-speed travel is possible, so why haven't humans  developed it by then?  And why, oh why, would they be using essentially the  same computer network for an entire three millenia?  Reached its peek?  The  world of Ender's Game seemed at least marginally plausible, but the world  of SFTD just seems to be a construction built around Ender for the purposes  of a somewhat shaky plot-line.<br />3) The plot pivots around one crucial  revelation early in the book, which is kept a secret from the reader  intentionally as a motivator.  More specifically, one of the characters  finds out an interesting bit of information and then  promptly--conveniently--dies before he gets to tell anyone.  Personally, I  think this is a particularly cheap plot device that should be kept  exclusive to the realm of pulp murder mysteries.  It doesn't make you enjoy  the book more, it just makes you want to skip to the end to find out what  the answer is.  To make matters worse, the author drops enough clues early  on, that you can guess the answer long before its handed to you, making the  rest of the book filler (sentimental and preachy filler, at that).<br />Even  with these faults, I'd still say the book is worth a read, if only as a  continuation of an otherwise brilliant series.  If you haven't already,  though, I'd suggest you start with the first, and best of the  series--Ender's Game--before reading this one.
6304466498|5.0|This has to be one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. alhough dont see it over and over again. because now i have to force myself to watch certain parts. Can definitely be compared to Austin Powers in level of  funnyness....the mocking of Darth Vader is the best!
B00000JSJC|5.0|Strange Days is one of those love /hate films. I first saw it in London on the day of release, in the cinema. I sat there stunned, gripped by the immersive visuals, virtual technology and brutal storyline set against the  turn of the millenium.<br />Repeated viewings on dvd have proved this movie to  be a thought provoking, rollercoaster ride. Not since Bladerunner has the  blend of new technology and 20th century decadence been so well mixed. The  Squib technology is fascinating, with so much potential; within the context  of the film it is pornography that drives the market (parallels with the  internet?)and provides Fiennes' character with painful revists of his lost  love.<br />There are blips in the plot where it thins, the casting is a little  skewed, but stick with it and witness the stunning events that unfold. I  felt the energy of the millenium countdown at the end of the film actually  eclipsed the real night here in London.<br />Recommended; definitely up there  with Terminator,Bladerunner, Aliens et al.
0783241569|3.0|A typical romantic comedy, with a few memorable moments and laugh-out-loud experiences, but not anything to get excited over. Acting=good, Plot=could be better, Location=very cute, Supporting actors/actresses=The best part!  Still, it is a worthy watch i guess.
B000000WF0|5.0|This is a very re-listenable CD. I have all of Verve's CD's so I can truly say that this is my favorite one. The psycadelic guitar and moody swinging vocals are reminicint of Jimi Hendrix (who also whoops alot O ...). And the  vocals and lyrics are excellent. All of the songs are really good besides  #6 which is Neon Wilderness which is OKAY but nowhere as good as  Bittersweet Symphony, The Drugs Don't Work, Space and Time, and Luck Man.  At the end of the CD there are sounds which the title gets its name from: A  baby crying a lawnmower I think and some other ones.
6300215814|5.0|I love this movie. I love the ending and the whole thing so much that i can't say how much! it is so charming that i want to watch it over nad over again. dont miss it, otherwise you'll miss something great. They just dont  make movies like they used to.
B000002AS3|5.0|Definitely Maybe shows The Beatles what they were missing, that gutsiness to give the whole world the Vs. Kicking off with the rip roaring Rock 'n' Roll Star and ending with the lullaby that is Married With Children, this  album is certainly the best thing Oasis have ever produced. Never mind all  the hype and acclaim that came with Morning Glory, it could never match the  extra punch that Definitely Maybe packs. Live Forever and Slide Away are  the album's highlights and isn't it curious that from the bad's first three  albums, the best song from each wasn't released as a single; Slide Away,  Champagne Supernova and Fade In-Out. I'll bet Gas Panic! isn't a single!
0964385619|5.0|I would give this book ten stars if I could.  Buy it and also Cashflow Quadrant.  These two books don't give you a lot of practical tips on how to make money quickly.  But they will change completely--I mean  thoroughly--the way you look at money.  I am getting a PhD, but I've never  been taught to look at money this way.  My wife and I used to get mad at  each other--even with mutual threats of divorce--about money.  But after  reading just Rich Dad, Poor Dad, I've stopped arguing with her, and our  relationship has improved significantly.  Buy it as well as Cashflow  Quadrant now.  Don't wait any longer.  You don't need to read any more  reviews.
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby is really one of those albums that you can just switch off all your other senses for - it has so much going for it musically, with consistently intriguing and moving guitar sounds, powerful bass and drums,  and extraordinary vocals, not to mention some pretty good lyrics.<br />Whatever political aspirations U2 may have with their appeals to fans to  support Greenpeace etc., this album is almost entirely devoted to love, and  with several listenings, becomes a kind of litany of ballads recited by  Bono to his Baby...I am not saying this album has any concept - it is a  collection of fantastic independent tracks which really works - but this is  an excellent album to listen to when you're feeling down, or soppy, or  romantic. Aside from his voice, Bono's most endearing quality is the  impression he conveys of true desperation - the climaxes his voice reaches  in One or Love is Blindness are particularly moving.<br />This combination of  great musical value with a deep-rooted romantic element really works for  me, and clearly works for a lot of other people too - the album has a  constantly fresh appeal, and when I look at the great works of the 90's,  this sticks out as one of those that will still have appeal in ten, twenty  and fifty years time.<br />One final thought - don't think this is solely a  candlelight collection...Zoo Station opens the album brilliantly and  unromantically, and The Fly is a chunky song that keeps the momentum of the  album going through all the turgid descriptions of unrequited love...even  with lyrics like, &quot;a man will fall from the sheer face of love like a  fly from a wall&quot;...
B000023X9W|5.0|This is Neil Young's most lovely and haunting work since the 70s.  I purchased the CD yesterday and I can't count the number of times I've listened to the song &quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot; already.  It's 3:16 of  Neil, his guitar, harmonica and a beauty so pure it will break your heart.   There's a lifetime of experience summed up in just that one gorgeous song.   &quot;Good To See You&quot; and &quot;Distant Camera&quot; (with its  opening guitar riff echoing the beginning of &quot;Old Man&quot;) and  &quot;Without Rings&quot; are three other standouts.<br />In the overproduced,  synthesized world of today's pop music, this work feels like a refreshing  cool breeze.  At just under 40 minutes it leaves you hungering for more,  but you realize that in that short span you've had a richer experience than  you do in many CDs almost twice as long.  As with any of Neil's albums,  this one has a couple of weaker, maybe even loopy, moments.  Every time it  falters, though, it quickly insinuates its way back into your heart and  mind like an old lover or friend.  Don't wait another minute to buy this  CD.
B000000WA4|4.0|There is no denying that Billy Corgan is an exceptionally talented individual. He is not the greatest song-writer alive today, and this is a bit of a problem for those who admire what he has done on this album, yet  retain a sense of proportion about it all - at its best, this is an  excellent album...at its worst, it is over-long, tedious and  self-indulgent.<br />I am giving Mellon Collie four stars because it is well  worth listening to, and there are certainly some tracks which really should  be listened to by anyone vaguely interested in this genre of music (though  I don't want to commit myself to defining the Pumpkins' sound)...but the  album's length is self-defeating, and the emphasis given to Corgan's voice  makes bits of it very difficult to enjoy.<br />I understand what those who  have given it five stars mean when they say that his sound makes the album  what it is - I have certainly grown to appreciate what his distinctive  voice brings to the music after several listenings. Still, even though I  like my music to be challenging, I no longer listen to the album the whole  way through, because it is too difficult, too obscure. This is a shame,  because the beginning and end really work well together, which is one of  the criteria by which I judge an album.<br />I love to read about other  people who take great comfort from an album, and I certainly don't want to  begrudge them that feeling - it is truly a heart-warming thought to know  that someone finds an album so intricately linked to their lives that it  can give them emotional support when they need it. Mellon Collie has enough  good stuff on it to make an excellent one CD album, and that undoubtedly  would have appealed to a greater market. But that, more than anything else,  makes me want to give Corgan credit for what he achieved - this was his  vision, and those who appreciate it are sufficient testimony to his  success:<br />With them in mind, I recommend that you shouldn't buy this album  without listening to the whole of it first, but if you have got this far,  certainly try to do that as soon as possible.ithout listening to the whole of it first, but if you have got this far,  certainly try to do that as soon as possible.
0553573403|5.0|This book came highly recommended by two series fantasy readers that I know (All there fantasy books are hardcover, and they read everything and hate a good amount of the stuff)  Anyway, I hadn't read too many good fantasy series lately. So was I ever amazed and hooked to George R. R.  Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series<br />What I love: Things happen (no  stringing one thing out over a handful of books, He starts and finishes  major plot lines within a book as well as major plots that are always  suprising and fresh). I was in awe to experience the grand ideas and feel  the excitement with each chapter (and book). Another thing I liked the  women aren't these annoying little pests or male clones in female bodies.  Female characters are actually realistic and enjoyable to read about.
B00003CXAR|5.0|Ah, this is a true classic. I can see it again and again. I love every moment of the movie. When I was younger I was afraid of being in water just because I'd thought a shark would attack me. But since I've grewn older,  I've realised it's just a comedy horror, if you will. A kind of horror that  gets you jumping up in your seat. And Steven Spielberg is the expert, he  truly knows how the scare the hell out of people. He enjoys, we enjoy it,  it's truly entertainment. Some people have complained how the shark in the  movie looks. Of course, there's no chance they could train a live shark.  Because the shark has no brain muscles. And I love how they build a fake  shark, it really looks like a real one.<br />Anyway, I got some good news for  all DVD fans. Universal Studios is releasing a Jaws SE on DVD for the first  time. I'm very excited and I can't wait to see it on DVD.
B000002952|5.0|This is an incredible collection of msica cubana. Gloria's voice is perfectly matched with a broad range of melodies and musical style.  We hear salsa, cha cha and lush ballads.  This album demonstrates the variety  of styles available in Cuban music.  I highly reccomend this album to  anyone, whether or not you speak Spanish.  I listen to this for my own  enjoyment and I share it  with my Spanish students.  This album and  &quot;Abriendo Puertas&quot; (Another all-Spanish album by Gloria) are two  of my favorite albums in my 80+ CD collection.  If you regret purchasing  this album, email me and let me know.
B00003CXDU|4.0|This is not exactly a spoof of Star Trek, more like a spoof of the actors who were in the original Star Trek. Tim Allen takes the lead as Commander Taggart, along with Alan Rickman and the sci-fi great her self Sigourney  Weaver (who looks incredible as a Blond in a cat suite). This movie is very  funny and really enjoyable. The cast really looked like they had a great  time on set, and this is shown on screen. The movie kinda of goes the way  you want it too, but keeps you guessing along the way. I can't wait to have  this on DVD, it should be incredible.
B000001DTM|5.0|After the release of &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;, many have said that it will be dificult for U2 to out do themselvs. That will be their best album and nothing more can be said. Well, to tell you the truth I said that  myself the first time I heard Joshua Tree. However, I seem to have stumbled  in a doubt. Achtung Baby is as strong as Joshua Tree. The album is full of  passion expressed in, and for a lack of a better word, PERFECT songs.  <br />This time arround, U2 embarcks on a self awarenes singing only from the  heart. As a matter of fact whenever they play and sing from the heart  things tend to become better. Less comercial maybee but still the songs are  better.<br />I don't know if it is the influence of Edges divorce, rough times  in Berlin recording the record or what. But the desperate love and  heartache so vhiementlry wel sang and played makes this record worthy of  the title of &quot;one of the best ever!&quot;<br />An absolute have to have  in any rock collection
B00002E233|4.0|Deep Blue Sea is a very good action/thriller that will take you on a ride from the beginning and keep entaintained until the end. Its basically about, a group of scientists who find themselves trapped by genetically  enchant super sharks (smart great white sharks), in an under water lab. I  am very interested in sharks, and any movie with them included, would  always get my attention. I loved Jaws (but the sequels were pretty bad) and  really enjoyed the book 'Meg' (about a giant shark, well worth the read).  So I was always probably going to enjoy a well-made film about the killers  of the deep. The effects in this movie are out of this world, and it looks  even better on DVD than it did in the cinema. The story is pretty well  thought out, and the plot has some great twists.  I loved this film, and  think the DVD is well worth the money as it has loads of cool extras. This  is one of the best films available on DVD, a must to show off DVD  technology alone to your friends.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dre took the cake and ate it with this one. A sure winner. Pop this one in your deck and just let it play. From Beggining to end you won't skip a song maybe the interlude but not the song if you do you'll be mad at your self  for missing another tight song.  With guest appearances by  Snoop,Nate,Daz,Eminim, and the featured new artist of Aftermath records  (Dre's label) Hittman.  Your sure to enjoy every moment of this Wonderfully  mixed CD.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is by far the best film Keanu Reeves has been involved with. This is also the best sci-fi film available on DVD. The film is kind of a mixture of the Terminator and Dark City, but still seems to be very  original. The action scenes are some of the best since John Woo's Face off,  and plays in well with the fast beating soundtrack. Why should you buy this  film? The special effects are incredible, and look fantastic on DVD; the  story is well written and has some enjoyable twists; the film is well acted  and the direction exceptional; the DVD as loads of extra features, with  truly to many to list; its an outstanding movie. I love this film, and  think it's a great film to add to any action/sci-fi fans collection. I  can't wait for the sequels (yes, there are two more on the way, which are  being made back to back).
B000002KKC|5.0|I had to listen to TUSK a few times before I liked it. Just give a chance, you might like it!
6304602898|5.0|Steven Spielberg has made some great films, and not many of them stick in my mind as much as Gremlins did. When I first watched it I wasn't sure what to expect, horror or comedy. The result was a kind of mixture, a single of  horror with a double of comedy. This is a very good film, and I can't wait  to see it again on DVD. The characters in the film were great, some funny,  some sad, but all very well acted. I thought the effects were very good,  and the Gremlins still make me laugh today. Spike (the gremlin leader) was  great, but the best Gremlin was the brake-dancing Gremlin in the bar.  A  great film, on the best home entrainment technology format, a must!
6305627347|3.0|i really thought it was a great movie(at times) It was funny. I burst out laghing a lot of times. Like the way kenny dies is really funny. Although there were 2 BIG  PROBLEMS. The first one is there is to much cursing. You  can't watch as a family. Then the worst part of this movie is the way the  kid who smokes, at the end talks very, very bad about God that was not  needed at ALL.
1573226521|4.0|The Beach does not live up to the hype reviews on its back cover:  &quot;GenX has its first great novel,&quot; &quot;A Lord of the Flies for GenX,&quot; &quot;Reads like a comet,&quot; etc.  This book is a slow 436  pages of little action and seemingly endless repetition (swim, smoke dope,  and play Game Boy while orbiting closer and closer to danger).    Brilliant  MTV style speed found in books like, say, Less Than Zero actually do  &quot;read like a comet.&quot; (And Garland does seem derivative of Bret  Easton Ellis at times -- but, hey, who can blame him).  The Beach reads  more like the sun slowly moving overhead as you're sitting by the pool in  sunglasses.  Pleasant but not earth shattering.  The Beach also reads much  slower than Lord of the Flies, which has more action and well defined,  sweeping themes like; anarchy vs. order, nature man vs. civilized man, and  good vs. evil.  Garland's covers the themes of Yank encroachment,  McEverything, and environmental destruction pretty darn well.  But so do  Beavis and Butthead every few minutes and they don't get media raves.  USA  Today writes on the back cover: &quot;Garland shows that our global popular  media has saturated (GenXers) brains.&quot; USA Today?  No irony there.   Ellis and Lord of the Flies are off the charts.  Garland is good.  If you  don't let the saturation media hype raise your expectations you're in for a  really nice read.  Just sit back, relax, and enjoy The Beach.
B00003CWRX|5.0|'The Insider' is certainly one of the best films of 1999. There is not another director working today who can match Michael Mann's eye for detail. Example: Little Debbie wrappers only used in Louiville. He rules.
B000009QPQ|5.0|This is great music by one of the best bands in alt country.
B00003CWOL|5.0|So what.... The majority of Kevin Smith's fans LOVED this movie.  I know that I did.  I honestly haven't laughed so much in a movie in a while.  We could have lived without the &quot;poo&quot; monster, but hey, thats Smith  for ya.  His comedy is one of a kind and to be enjoyed. NOT to be taken  seriously.  And for all of you that did not like Clerks, all I can say is  that you have to work in a job like that to understand.  I may not know  everything, but I know that this is a hit!   I also wait and hope and pray  that Smith comes out with another film soon!   You rock Smith!
B000002AZ8|5.0|In my pilgrimage last summer to own every Pearl Jam album made, I had stumbled across something great.  A mix of rock, punk rock, soothing melodies, and even a bit of acordian.<br />I found the album called  Vitalogy.<br />So far this is Pearl Jam's best effort, next only to Yield.  Things start out with &quot;Last Exit&quot; which has a great flow, and you  can't help but tap your feet to it, and then into the punk rock sounding  &quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot; which tells of someone playing a vinyl  record, then to &quot;Not For You&quot; and &quot;Tremor Christ&quot; then  &quot;Nothingman&quot;.  You can't help but listen to every track on this  album (except &quot;heyfoxymophandlemomma,thatsme&quot;).  Even  &quot;Bugs,&quot; in which Eddie picks up his accordian and tells us about  our insect friends...this album is great.<br />And the album case can also be  used as a health dictionary if you wish also...
B00000099Y|5.0|After almost four years and hundreds of spins in the CD player, Tool's nima is still a favorite.<br />There is no filler on this album, every sonic  movement is exactly where it's supposed to be and it flows  beautifully.<br />Danny Carey's drums add the beat and pulse, setting the pace  for this dark journey. Adam's guitar and Justin's bass buzz and throb,  producing one of the most distinct sounds in music today. Then, of course,  there's Maynard James Keenan. There are no words to describe this man's  voice. He sings, howls, and screams, dragging you along with him. It fits,  perfectly, with everything, culminating into Tool.<br />It can be rare to find  such a thought provoking album, but this is definitely one of them. The  lyrics are fantastic and still have Tool fans pondering over exactly what  they mean.<br />Stinkfist, H., 46&amp;2, Pushit, nema, and Third Eye are the  creme of the crop and will provide hours of listening pleasure. If this  stuff doesn't move you, check your pulse....
0790729377|5.0|It seems strange that only Brando didn't get an award from his performance in this movie.  He was fantastic, and also in TOP shape.  He looks better than any male movie star today in this movie.  Plus his acting is great.  I  totally disagree with the guy who bought the DVD version and didn't like  it. The picture was superb.  Buy it now and thank me later.
B00004SVIK|5.0|This album is great. When the band is on, they're incredibly on. It's hearing the wall the way it was meant to be. The colored books that come along with it are incredibly cool. You get a feel what it was like to see  the show live with commentary from artists, construction workers on the  show, and all of the band members...great!
0316926345|4.0|Evelyn Waugh's BRIDESHEAD REVISITED is a troubling and flawed work of genius.  Written during World War II and framed by the conversion of the Brideshead estate into an army camp during the war, the novel depicts the youth and early adulthood of one Charles Ryder.  The 40-year-old army  captain that the war makes of Ryder recalls the days of his optimistic  youth as a close friend of teddy-bear toting Sebastian Flyte, younger son  of the Brideshead household and classmate of his at Oxford.  Sebastian  awakens much in Charles, and it is arguable whether he doesn't awaken more  than does his sister Julia, who later becomes Ryder's fiancee.<br />For the  220 or so pages that constitute Part One this book comes off as a splendid  (though not aggressively hostile) satire of upper class British society in  the 1920s.  Especially of the particular damage that the \\"long-suffering\\"  Catholic mother can do to her loved ones (I kept thinking, \\"O, the  martyrdom!\\" every time Lady Marchmain used one of her patented guilt trips  to twist the psychological and spiritual arms of her children--Sebastian  most often.)  BRIDESHEAD REVISITED is also a powerful \\"lost illusions\\" type  of novel, but the particular illusions lost don't seem any more attractive  than the reality that replaces them. \\"Henceforth I live in a world of three  dimensions--with the aid of my five senses,\\" says Charles, but that seems  limiting, doesn't it?  It does to Waugh but his answer isn't necessarily  any more appealing. Part One is hilarious and promises much.  Part Two,  sorry to say, does not deliver on that promise.  The satire stops and the  soap opera begins.  Sebastian disappears and Ryder becomes a much less  sympathetic character--why he would fall in love with Julia in the first  place is hard to fathom.<br />A great problem with this novel is that it seems  to place the Catholic religion in an unflattering light to the extent that  the reader would think that Waugh himself was anti-Catholic.  Think again.   He was a convert well before he wrote this book and despite the fact that  he DOES present Catholicism as being the last thing anyone would want to  fall into, people fall.  The fact that they fall into rather than embrace  Catholicism sucks away whatever joy might have been left in the novel--I  was reminded of the line from Kevin Smith's movie DOGMA, paraphrased here:  \\"Catholics don't celebrate their faith, they mourn it.\\"<br />So, in  celebration I must say that to call Waugh a fine writer is to sell him far  too short.  He is a masterful stylist and a brilliant wit who can lift you  up and get under your skin.  Let him.
0393317552|2.0|In &quot;Guns, Germs and Steel,&quot; Jared Diamond argues that the Earth's geography has been the sole determining factor in the evolution and development of all the world's civilisations. In particular, Diamond argues that Europeans and Asians came to dominate the world politically and  economically due to their favourable geographic circumstances. Diamond  asserts that the people of Europe and Asia had the benefits of highly  fertile land and animals that could be domesticated, while the native  peoples of Africa, the Pacific and the Americas did not have these assets.  As a result, Europeans had a &quot;head start&quot; in the development of  their civilisation. Having overcome their agrarian problems by 1500,  Europeans used their newly developed &quot;guns&quot; and &quot;steel&quot;  along with &quot;germs&quot; to dominate the globe. Thus, issues of race  and biology do not explain the course of world history. If African tribes  had lived in Europe, says Diamond, it would be they, not Europeans, who  would dominate the world today.<br />Needless to say, a legion of grateful  left-wing scholars and academics labeled Diamond's book a revelation, and a  Pulitzer Prize soon followed. Alas. &quot;Guns, Germs and Steel&quot;  testifies why nobody should allow literary awards to influence their  book-buying habits. Although Diamond's basic thesis does have some  validity, he ignores too many important issues that needed to be  discussed.<br />Firstly, Diamond's &quot;geographic&quot; theory is neither  &quot;original&quot; nor &quot;revolutionary&quot; as so many have claimed.  By arguing that all the world's civilisations were dependent on their  geography, Diamond is following a line of reasoning that dates back to Marc  Bloch and Lucien Febvre's &quot;Annales&quot; school of history.  Environmental historians such as Donald Worster have also reiterated the  ideas of the &quot;Annales&quot; school in recent times. Diamond certainly  recycles these theories admirably enough, but if you are familiar with the  work of the above historians, you will find little to appreciate  here.<br />Although Diamond's thesis seems coherent enough, much of it is  theoretical, and suffers from a lack of concrete evidence to back up his  arguments. Instead of material facts, we get highly theoretical  &quot;chains of causation&quot; with words such as &quot;surely&quot; and  &quot;must have&quot; to provide the connections. One might be able to see  how metal implements might develop from fertile lands, but can Newton's  theory of Gravitation or Shakespeare's plays be linked directly to the  development of metal tools? It is a little difficult to believe.<br />An  examination of history also exposes the major flaws of Diamond's case.  Between 1500 and 1750, for example, Europe was wracked by continual bouts  of famine, disease and economic instability. (See David Fischer &quot;The  Great Wave,&quot; Jan De Vries &quot;The Economy of Europe in an Age of  Crisis.&quot;) But in spite of these titanic problems, European nations  began an unprecedented wave of expansion. In addition, the philosophies  that made up The Enlightenment also flourished in this period of economic  uncertainty. According to Diamond's thesis, none of this could have  happened as European farms at the time were in such a precarious state. The  fact that these things did occur strongly suggests that there were other  factors at work in the development of European civilisation.<br />By contrast,  civilisations in tropical regions had ready access to abundant foodstuffs  that could grow easily in such a warm climate. Tribes of native North  Americans ranged over land that is now considered the most fertile in the  world - and yet, none of these civilisations, despite their favourable  geography, progressed as European nations did.<br />Diamond also overlooks  important issues such as differing cultural prespectives. Between 1400 and  1600, the European depiction of nature underwent a fundamental change. (See  Keith Thomas, &quot;Man and the Natural World,&quot; Michael Adas,  &quot;Machines as the Measure of Men.&quot;) In this period, Europeans  began to look upon nature as something that must be tamed. Europeans  realised that technological innovations could overcome the obstacles of  nature and improve lives. Thus, innovation and progress were encouraged by  all. By contrast, until the arrival of Europeans, all the other  civilisations of the world resigned themselves to the limitations of their  environment. African and Pacific civilisations sought to harmonise  themselves with nature, rather than try to change it. The people of New  Guinea, where Diamond apparently grew up, were no exception to this rule,  as Roy Rappaport's &quot;Pigs for the Ancestors&quot; so convincingly  shows. <br />Diamond also refuses to take the impact of religion seriously.  And yet, the Christian faith, which demanded the &quot;spreading of the  gospel&quot; encouraged Europeans to look far afield, while the doctrine of  the &quot;civilising mission&quot; was a primary motive for Britain and  France in their colonial expansion.<br />Perhaps the overriding problem with  &quot;Guns, Germs and Steel&quot; is its political correctness. Human  variables such as culture, religion and environmental perspectives have  played decisive roles in the development of the world's civilisations. This  remains the case today, no matter how politically incorrect it might be to  say so. Certainly, geography has played a role in the development of world  history, but not to the extent asserted by Diamond. By ignoring the human  variables, Diamond has greatly distorted the history of human progress
B000002L7G|5.0|A typical Dire Straits record - commercially succesful with several hits, which will stay on the best of 80's list for eternity. I like the boys because they don't sound cheap, yet I can listen to them any time in any  mood, which is certainly a great distinction. You won't be bothered with  teenager lyrics, amplified aggression or some sacred cults of whatever.  This is real life after you cross 25 or 30 years - sometimes exciting,  sometimes very quiet, but usually not distinguishing, but filled with  quality (job, family, love...). You have to grow some years to accept and  understand that.
B000002WYT|5.0|Each studio album released by The Dave Matthews Band (yes, i realize that it is just &quot;Dave Matthews Band&quot; but i have a habit of sticking to the old days of Trax and Peter Greisar) has a tone that is so different  from the others that it is really difficult to make an honest comparism  between them.  One can say that Crash is a more pop/mainstream oriented  work than either Before These Crowded Streets or Under the Table and  Dreaming, but even this statement must be qualified<br />Crash is probably the  most accessible DMB release; the jams do not stretch as long, and there is  less room for improvisation (with a few exceptions...but I'm getting  there).  The problem here is that although someone that is more accustomed  to mainstream music will appreciate this, it is the precise reason this  album is probably the least popular among long-term or very serious DMB  fans.  <br />If you have only heard the radio hits (Crash Into Me, Too Much)  from this one, then you have little sense of what this album is really  like.  Allow me to elaborate:<br />So Much To Say: terrific opener to the CD,  I'm rather surprised it didn't go on to become a major radio hit.  One of  the catchiest of Dave's songs.<br />Two Step:  Definitely one of the albums  highlights, and interesting from the perspective of the change it  represents.  Before Crash was released, Two Step was played a lot  differently than it is now (live).  The same holds true for a large number  of the bands songs between UTTAD and Crash.<br />Crash Into Me:  Probably  &quot;the&quot; DMB song, as far as radio play goes.  Each DMB studio album  has one primary ballad on it.  In UTTAD it was &quot;Lover Lay Down,&quot;  in Crash it's &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; and in BTCS it's &quot;Crush.&quot;   This song is slower, and seemingly more sweet, but the careful listener  will realize that it's hardly a love song at all...<br />Too Much:  Probably  the weakest song on the album, and one that doesn't fit very wellwith the  other songs, particularly lyric-wise.  Most of the songs on this album have  absolutely gorgeous lyrics, but this.....<br />#41:  One of the two greatest  DMB songs ever, and this version does not slack in any way.  As I'm sure  you've read in dozens of other reviews (because this point MUST be  expressed :0)  ) the segue into &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; is absolutely  stunning.<br />Say Goodbye:  Great song, bad message.  Dave even admits it's a  bad idea, but, as he said, the song itself is very sweet (&quot;Say  Goodbye&quot; is a song about 2 friends of the opposite sex that end up  spending an evening together wink wink)<br />Drive In, Drive Out:  Well, this  isn't the greatest DMB song, but it's nice that it finally has some  lyrics<br />Let You Down:  A very jazzy, laid back song.  Not very commonly  played.<br />Lie In Our Graves:  Along with #41, this is one of the 2 greatest  DMB songs.  Don't let the name fool you, this is a VERY positive song about  dying with no regrets, absolutely gorgeous.  During live performances,  Leroi (the saxophone guy, to you non-dave heads) has a long solo, but here  that solo is replaced by an extended jam.<br />Cry Freedom:  A beautiful and  heard hitting anti-war/apartheid song (raging against war and apartheid are  common themes in Dave's songs)<br />Tripping Billies:  A very catchy and  clever song, &quot;eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we  die&quot;<br />Proudest Monkey:  THE jam on Crash, reminiscent of the band's  live work.  Awesome.
B000001FS3|5.0|This album is enough commercial that you won't stop listening it and has that little bit of oddity (Bullet the blue sky) that will make you search for more. It's very interesting that there are not many Irish bands, but  they are all very good and quite succesful. You'll find the origins of U2  in Dubliners, Thin Lizzy and many other bands if you want to search even  deeper.
B000000WA4|4.0|Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness plays like a moody, intricate adolescent dream.  It aurally captures everything from intense angst to swollen lust without limiting itself to a typical four-piece.  Instead, the  Pumpkins experiment with acoustic sounds, symphony pomp, and odd pedal  effects to birth an album that prides itself on its eccentricities  (sometimes better termed &quot;weirdness&quot;).  The Pumpkins have every  right to celebrate their idiosyncrasies, they've earned it with intense  attention to detail and craftwork that furthered the spec of modern rock.   The Smashing Pumpkins' major fault here is forgetting when to say when,  allowing for cuts that distract from the epic timepieces of Mellon Collie.  Best Tracks: &quot;1979,&quot; &quot;Thirty-three,&quot; &quot;Tonight,  Tonight,&quot; &quot;X.Y.U.&quot; Rating: 8/10
B000021Y74|5.0|I truly cannot believe what I just saw.  I promise that no American filmaker could do this film, and even if they could, they would not have the guts to try.  I also found out how stalkers get there start: I am  absolutely mesmerized by Franka's performance.  She's beautiful, and built  like a rock.  Previous to this film, my favorite movie of all time was The  Fifth Element.  I feel grateful to have seen this wonderful masterpiece.
B000006NPY|4.0|Adore is a brave, neoelectronic rock album that explores new terrain for the Smashing Pumpkins.  Corgan's songwriting goes off the beaten path of his previous bombast stadium rock into quieter, intimate portraits of love  and loss.  This stripped-down, less pomp Smashing Pumpkins give the band a  chance to show that there is, indeed, genius in simplicity.  It's  incredible when such titans of modern rock throw caution to the wind and  their sincerity ultimately shines through. Best Tracks: &quot;To  Sheila,&quot; &quot;Perfect,&quot; &quot;Appels + Oranjes&quot; Rating:  7/10
0884271536|5.0|The content of this book works. It is one of the best business books around. You can understand what the author is saying. It's a book you can read and use rather then put on your shelf. If you read the review below  which gives this book only one star you will see that the author of that  review is in a competative business to Dr. Goldratt and his followers. His  low rating is SELF-SERVING and a dishonest presentation. Why not tell us up  front that you are competing with TOC. There is room for everyone with out  this kind of low and nasty attack.
052594527X|5.0|Be prepared for a wonderful journey as you read along and learn about long ago Delft, the artist Vermeer and his servant Grit.  This book is so well written that you feel as though you know the characters and are a guest in  Vermeer's home and studio. And as you read along also fully expect to seek  out a book with Vermeer's paintings so you can identify the ones you've  read about.<br />I closed this book with a sigh, wishing it would  never end  and now I am eagerly anticipating the the next book by the author Tracy  Chevalier.
0884271536|5.0|If you read the review below which gives this book only one star you will see that the author of that review is in a competative business to Dr. Goldratt and his followers. His low rating is SELF-SERVING and a dishonest  presentation. Why not tell us up front that you are competing with TOC.  There is room for everyone with out this kind of low and nasty attack.
6302737168|5.0|The last Genesis-tour with Phil Collins offers a nice mix of longer progressive tracks (Home by the sea, Domino, Driving the last Spike) and shorter single hits. &quot;Dreaming while you sleep&quot; is a high point  and is live available on CD on the &quot;Never a Time&quot; Live EP  released in 1993. Collins sounds solid and confident on vocals , Chester  Thompson's drumming is very aggressive and gets the most out of the  &quot;lighter&quot; single hits. Effects are great. I was fortunate enough  to see a show on this tour and the visual effects in &quot;Domino&quot; are  very impressive. This is as good as a live performance put on video as I've  ever seen.<br />Highly Recommended
B000003TAR|4.0|Well, there are some really interesting tracks on this album ( Frances Farmer..., Heart-Shaped Box, Tourette's etc.), but there are also some VERY dull songs here (Serve The Servants, Dumb...). So, what I'm trying to say  is that this is very contorversial album. Good album with most parts.  Jaakko's skates are for sale. Please write to offer:  jaakko.mielonen@pp.inet.fi
185984054X|5.0|In gThe Missionary Positionh, author Christopher Hitchens takes a critical look at Mother Teresafs devotion to the destitute of the world and the motives behind her charitable work. From Mother Teresafs overt  support for the Duvalier dictatorship in Haiti to accepting stolen money  from Savings and Loan swindler Charles Keating, Hitchensf portrayal of  Mother Teresa is hardly saintly. <br />Hitchens quotes Mother Teresa as  stating that git is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to  share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being helped much  by the suffering of the poor people.h In her spiritual state of  saintliness it is obvious that Mother Teresa doesnft concern herself with  such social reform works as job-creation, low-income housing and social  welfare.<br />Rational and secular, gThe Missionary Positionh reveals the  real motivations of Mother Teresa - proselytizing for the most extreme  interpretation of Catholic dogma &amp;#8211; and her lucrative alliances  with the orthodox and conservative powers of most countries her mission  operates in. A must read for anyone pondering the role of religion in  secular and societal affairs.
B000001F84|4.0|After their commercially disappointing &quot;Caress of Steel&quot; album, Rush was almost ready to pack it in. Good thing they didn't, for this masterpiece wouldn't have seen the light of day.  &quot;Caress&quot;  featured two multi-sectioned epics that didn't quite work, despite their  best efforts.  On &quot;2112&quot;, they got it right.<br />&quot;2112&quot;  opens with its 22 minute title track, a 7 part opus which on vinyl takes up  the whole first side of the album.  It tells the story of futuristic man  from another planet living in a highly controlled society (shades of  &quot;1984&quot;). He finds an ancient musical instrument, i.e. a guitar.   He excitedly presents his &quot;strange device&quot; to the planet's  rulers, The Priests of the Temples of Syrinx, thinking this sort of thing  would be good for his world. He is rebuffed and the Priests have his  instrument destroyed in front of him.  Seeing that there is no room for  individuality and creative expression in this world under this regime, he  takes himself out.  Based on the writings of Ann Rynd, this track is a  standout; musically, the same themes reoccur throughout the track with  different twists.  The &quot;Grand Finale&quot; section is quite powerful,  depicting the fall of the Priests over a wall of Alex Lifeson feedback and  insane drum fills from Neil Peart.<br />The other five tracks are all under 4  minutes long: &quot;A Passage To Bangkok&quot;, &quot;The Twilight  Zone&quot;, &quot;Lessons&quot;, &quot;Tears&quot;, and &quot;Something For  Nothing&quot;.  All are excellent examples of Rush being able to compose  short pieces as well as mighty epics.  &quot;Lessons&quot; is particularly  worthy of praise for its acoustic/electric guitar pattern ala Zeppelin .   Geddy Lee's &quot;Tears&quot; borders on the maudlin, but none-the-less  remains a fine ballad.<br />No hard rock collection is complete without  &quot;2112&quot;.  It is an excellent introduction to a band which is  starting tofind its niche.  Rush would move onto more progressive rock  after this album, so in a way this is the last album which is truly  Zeppelin-esque in its approach.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Despite jealous peers and countless harsh journalists, the guys in Stone Temple Pilots amazed many people and released a monster follow-up CD that exceeded even [[ASIN:B000002IU3 Core]], a tremendous feat. Scott Weiland once stated that all he ever wanted was for STP to be known as a straight-up rock and roll band; not alternative, not grunge and not [[ASIN:B000ETQRCM Pearl Jam]]. Why ask Weiland? Because he's one of the most talented and enigmatic lead singers of his time. The guy's astounding voice glazes these songs like butter, further sugarcoating what is a pop-at-heart album to begin with.<br /><br />From the get-go, STP come out swinging on \\"Purple,\\" stating its  indifference to the harsh rat race of the rock 'n' roll big leagues. On  the opener, \\"Meatplow,\\" Weiland's lyrics show longing for his soon-to-be  wife (and later ex-wife) and his brother, rather than the exploitive  spotlight of fame, fortune and unjustified criticism. Rather than portray himself as a status symbol for the good or bad of rock music, Weiland shows his humanity. The plodding rhythm is a far cry from the next tune, Vaseline, where the momentous beginning and frantic pace suggest a newfound immediacy from STP. Not the band's best song by a longshot, \\"Vaseline\\" was still an astute release by a group not always known for its get-to-the-point message. The melodic country sound of \\"Interstate Love Song\\" diversified the Pilots' sound and remained a hit on the radio for a long time. Weiland's lyrics are sensitive on \\"Purple\\" as he gets downright gushy over his longtime girlfriend on \\"Still Remains,\\" a song with an almost Rattlike hook. Interestingly, the lyrics \\"take a bath I'll drink the water that you leave\\" on \\"Still Remains\\" are light years away from the energetic and raunchier \\"Sex Type Thing.\\" Maturity and musical depth is further found on \\"Pretty Penny,\\" an acoustic number that works wonderfully, if not a little eerily due to a noticeably toned-down and quirkier sound and vibe.<br /><br />Halfway through \\"Purple\\" is when STP belt out the rockers, more  commercialized and pop stuff than on \\"Core.\\" Among them, \\"Unglued\\" displays Weiland belting out his frustrations to Robert Deleo's head-bobbing guitar that would set any mosh pit on fire in ten seconds; \\"Big Empty\\" rocks between jazzy interludes; and \\"Army Ants\\" is a thrusty rocker, the total antithesis to the Rolling Stones' \\"time is on my side\\" mentality. \\"Purple\\" ends with the same basic message it started out with, on a song that's both gentle and rocking: \\"Kitchenware and Candybars.\\" Those with a sense of humor will appreciate the lounge singer crooning on the hidden track, which allows STP to have the last laugh afterall. And who knows? Given the band's talent and gravitation toward experimenting with new sounds, we may just hear Weiland lounging out grandly someday.  This is a landmark album by a band who knew who it was from day one.rough \\"Purple\\" is when STP belt out the rockers, more  commercialized and pop stuff than on \\"Core.\\" Among them, \\"Unglued\\" displays Weiland belting out his frustrations to Robert Deleo's head-bobbing guitar that would set any mosh pit on fire in ten seconds; \\"Big Empty\\" rocks between jazzy interludes; and \\"Army Ants\\" is a thrusty rocker, the total antithesis to the Rolling Stones' \\"time is on my side\\" mentality. \\"Purple\\" ends with the same basic message it started out with, on a song that's both gentle and rocking: \\"Kitchenware and Candybars.\\" Those with a sense of humor will appreciate the lounge singer crooning on the hidden track, which allows STP to have the last laugh afterall. And who knows? Given the band's talent and gravitation toward experimenting with new sounds, we may just hear Weiland lounging out grandly someday.  This is a landmark album by a band who knew who it was from day one.
B00002DEIX|5.0|Josh really seems to be moving in some new directions again with this album and still keeps his listeners close at heart.  Great band and the odd timing keeps you on your toes!  Like the duet with Mark Turner.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I watched the film already 5 times. I love the original star trek series because of their special charms, and Galaxy Quest is what I was always waiting for.The types of the original Star Trek can be recognized, but they  are still own characters. For example Alan Rickman as Dr. Lazarus is Spock  and Bones in one person - and he's as good as both (if not better)! Every  minute of this film is worth watching!
630382336X|5.0|This is a charming, hilarious film. For anyone who debates whether the Stones or the Beatles are better: Could the Stones have given such charming performances as the Beatles do here? NO! The script is wonderfully written,  and was even nominated for an Academy Award (though it didn't win.) What  Elvis movie ever got a best script nomination? It was quickly shot (three  months after the Beatles started filming it, it was in the theaters!), and  Phil Collins was a child extra in the concert scene (in the audience). And  anyone who thinks the Beatles would have been as good without Ringo, you'll  see in this movie that they just wouldn't have been. (Pete Best in  interviews comes across as very bland and boring.) And I really like Paul's  grandfather. He's very clean!
6305131090|4.0|Or at least the best that I've seen.  A very amusing, highly satirical film.  It's not a straight-forward biography, but rather it tries to capture the important milestones in Mahler's life. Russell introduces a  number of sly references to other films including Visconti's 'Death in  Venice'.  Russell doesn't make Mahler an entirely sympathetic character  especially in his treatment of Alma, but he does bring out their love and  devotion for each other.  Also, Mahler's nonchalant discarding of his  Jewishness to gain a position at the Vienna State Opera doesn't make him  particularly admirable.  The scene in which he placates Cosima Wagner is  very funny and may not please some Wagnerites.  Watch for the various  Wagnerian icons there!  Other segments I liked were the dream funeral and  the interview with Hugo Wolf. Robert Powell is a handsome and intense  Mahler, and the boy who plays young Mahler is, for once, not conventionally  cute.  I don't know what the complaint about the DVD is, but mine seems  quite all right.
6304167660|5.0|Beautiful girls is no doubt my favorite movie of all time.  Every actor/actress did a &quot;superb&quot; job with their character.  Timothy Hutton did an incredible job and played willie's character beautifully.  I  feel that the movie would not have been as good if it weren't for Natalie  Portman.  She did such a great job in this movie.  I think that just about  any guy would be willing to wait 5 years for her.  The only thing that i  didn't like about this movie was how Willie used the winnie the pooh story.   I was really hoping that he would decide to wait.  This is the one of the  few movies that i actually dreaded to see end.  Its just a movie that you  wish would never end.  I would recommend this movie to anyone.
B00000DFRS|5.0|The CD is a super blow out, it's for all ages. I love all the songs on the CD, for they relate to my everyday life, however my favourite is:You're always have a place in these arms of mine. I found that song in particular  is very &quot;powerful&quot;, and to me is to always be there for my  husband when he is done and out. Whitney was blessed from above and I  admire her and the great work in music she is doing. I think who has not  yet get a copy of the CD should do so now. It's super wonderful and  powerful. God bless you Whitney and your Family.
0790734427|5.0|Like many, I had some initial reservations about the casting of Michael Keaton in the role of Bruce Wayne/Batman, but, boy was I wrong!  Keaton proved all the naysayers, like myself, to be totally in error.<br />Under  director Burton's able hands, Keaton showed a talent that had been hidden  by his previous comedic roles.  His menacing, yet sarcastic expression was  meant for the part of a character with two distinct identities.  Too bad  that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences did not reward him  with at least a Best Actor nomination.  This performance is worthy of that  recognition.<br />Jack Nicholson basically plays the Joker as only Nicholson  could!  No more needs to be said. A marvelously haunting score from Danny  Elfman as well as the contributions from Prince make for pleasurable  listening during the film. A pre-Oscar Kim Bassinger is  &quot;eye-candy&quot; in the limited role of Vicki Vale.<br />Finally, the  &quot;look&quot; of Gotham City is both beautiful and grotesque.  This  makes for a truly unique movie.
B000002R68|4.0|preceded by the kickoff album &quot;Winds Of Change&quot;. As with that release, it's best to listen beyond the hit single. In this case, there are two: &quot;Monterey&quot; and the full version of &quot;Sky Pilot&quot;.  Once you do that, there's &quot;Just the Thought&quot;, a meditative number  characterized by a Gregorian-style repetition (cathedral reverb and all) of  each phrase Burdon sings by the backup singers. The song &quot;No Self  Pity&quot; is almost Confucian in its philosophical nature; the choruses  ending each verse consist of comparisons like &quot;no matter how strong  you are, there is always somebody stronger. And no matter how...&quot;  etc., four of them per chorus, no repeats. &quot;We Love You Lil&quot; is a  &quot;Hey Jude&quot; style instrumental jam built on the WW II classic  &quot;Lili Marlene&quot;. As I mention in my &quot;Winds Of Change&quot;  review, the blues is by its very nature introspective, but this underrated  cycle of albums takes that a step beyond.
0790734400|5.0|Sure, &quot;Men in Black&quot; grossed more money, but Tim Burton's &quot;Mars Attacks!&quot; is a more enjoyable film. It has wit and a loving tongue-in-cheek attitude in spoofing those great old monsters-from-space  flicks of the 1950's.  From the opening invasion with its loud Danny Elfman  score to the invading Martians making mincemeat of our nation's capital,  this flick blasts onto the screen with the force of a thousand  interplanetary craft.<br />The cast, headed by Jack Nicholson and Glenn  Close must have had a great time in making this movie because they emerse  themselves in their larger-than-life roles.  Any film that features Jim  Brown, Pam Grier, Tom Jones, and the voice of Slim Whitman is  surely to be  appreciated for its &quot;off-the-wallness.&quot;  Only the mind of Tim  Burton could have achieved this cinematic oddity.<br />Sure, he might not  ever win an Academy Award, but Mr. Burton makes movies the way he wants.  He is an innovator and a brilliant storyteller. We, the moviegoing audience  are the better for it!
6304936303|5.0|For One, those that whine about, being demoralizing towards women, please, as men, we all know women can be the ultimate evil, maneaters, I mean his wife cheats on him, with his boss, that's some saddistic evilness if I've  ever heard it, he handles it so well, besides forget this line? &quot; I  wish I Still didn't love my wife&quot; he still did after all she did to  him,and when wayons told the football player, to let the girl up, he didn't  so wayans, mashed him in the nose with a football, seriously cool, this is  a very unique film, seriously how many Sports-Action Films, are there? -  Willis is &quot;Soooo&quot; Cool in this Film, it Should be Illegal, he's  just the ultimate toughguy like I Said, aside from of Course, Joe Pesci,  Sorry bruce, your amongst my favorite actors, but you aren't a wiseguy,  yet, maybe sometime, see this movie, I give it my highest recomendation,  this is the sleeper hit of the 90's, wayans is a great actor,and deserves  more pub, in this side of the entertainment industry, these two play  marvelous off each other, it's the ultimate buddy movie, I prefer this  &quot;FAR&quot; Over Lethal Weapon Series,and I Dig them as well, Willis is  One Cool Cat, See this Film, Nuff Said..<br />~ Michael Cellio.
B000002J2D|5.0|Foxtrot has always been my favorite Genesis album.  As I am still discovering all the gems this band has released--this album has turned into a recording I can't stop listening too.  Tony Banks' &quot;Burning  Rope&quot; is a good enough reason for you to purchase this recording.   Great melody, inspiring lyrics, and nice changes make this song a favorite.   Also, &quot;Undertow,&quot; &quot;Snowbound&quot; and &quot;The Lady  Lies&quot; are all great tunes.  Even this album's hit is a nice  addiction--&quot;Follow You, Follow Me.&quot;  If earlier Genesis albums  are difficult for you but you still enjoy the progressive touch--this is  &quot;progressive pop&quot; at it's best.  A true winner.
630575067X|5.0|As the famous orange-yellow words flew up the screen, I knew this was going to be good. In this movie, Amazing Special-Effects plus Amazing Sound and a nice plot combine to recreate the experience we all had in the  1970's. This movie is George Lucas's definitive vision of Star Wars.
B000001ELP|5.0|&quot;Music from the Elder&quot; is KISS' only album that never reached gold status.  Not because this is a bad album--far from it--but in 1981, KISS had just finished releasing two &quot;pop&quot; records in the  previous years: &quot;Dynasty&quot; and &quot;Unmasked.&quot;  KISS fans  wanted the band to deliver a true rocker and while that's what the foursome  had in mind--they ended up teaming with Bob Ezrin as producer (who had  produced KISS' most famous work, &quot;Destroyer&quot;) and he decided to  take the band into a direction they never dreamed they would enter--the  world of the &quot;concept record.&quot;<br />The album centers around a story  of a young boy, the champion, who must conquer the evil &quot;Mr.  Blackwell&quot; in order to save the world with the help of a group of  warriors and sages known as The Elder.  With thoughtful lyrics, melody, a  couple rockin' tunes, a great story, along with orchestration and a choir,  &quot;The Elder&quot; is simply brilliant.  KISS fans were used to lyrics  like, &quot;Put your hand in my pocket and grab onto my rocket,&quot; or  &quot;So you lift your dress--You wanna impress--there's something I've got  to confess.&quot;  Now they were getting a deep story where each song  structures the saga of &quot;The Elder.&quot;  The fans simply didn't buy  it--neither did the record company as they were shocked by the &quot;lack  of guitars&quot; on the album's first few songs.  They decided to change  the line-up of tunes so the album opened with &quot;The Oath&quot; but now,  in it's re-mastered form, &quot;The Elder&quot; is now in it's correct  order starting with three slow and &quot;guitarless&quot; tracks.  <br />If  KISS has never been your favorite due to the lack of insightful songs or  simple four-chord rock--here's a KISS album you must have.  For the KISS  fan--you may not like it, but you must have it.<br />&quot;Music from the  Elder&quot; is what it is--a concept record.  A masterpiece.  For those whosay this album is fluff are those who are not smart enough to see beyond  four-chords.  <br />Enjoy &quot;The Elder.&quot;  <br />The odyssey begins......
B00001QGPS|4.0|When these to get together, look out!  It's a completely different style than either of these guys have separately.  I love it!  The production's great, the lyrics are outstanding.  This is a must have for any hip hop  collection.
0800179501|5.0|People dismiss this film because of it's simplicity.  Well I'll tell you right now, it isn't a movie about Karate.  Daniel overcomes an insurmountable goal, the type of goal you achieve once in your entire life  (this is why I disregard the sequels, apologies for fans).  The Karate Kid  is a truly beautiful piece of Cinema.  If you believe the Karate Kid is a  bad film then hire out the Avengers, then MK:Annihilation.<br />What I will  say is that I am DISGUSTED at the fact that this film is presented in Pan  and Scan.  I paid full price for a movie I am seeing half of.  I wanted  Widescreen.  Did I get it? In a word, No.  So now I have a VHS and DVD  which are both Pan and Scan.  Will I ever see this film in it's original  format? This is a question I leave to you, Columbia. Regards Mas
B000023VR6|5.0|Even after 8 years, Dre's still got the beats.  Of course, Mel-Man helped out, but there's no listing of who did which song.<br />Dre, like Cube, has evolved since he started.  The beats get more and more sophisticated with  each album.  The guest appearances on this album (Snoop, Xzibit, Eminem)  all make for a well rounded album.  I stuck this in my CD changer and  didn't take it out for months.<br />Overall, very tight production, great  lyrics, one of the best albums in my collection.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Allright, I'm here to give my review on &quot;OK Computer&quot;, not that it matters since my review will be out of here in six days flat, but hey. Allright..... this is harder then I thought. It's difficult to review  because so much is happening with this album, so rather then disect it I'll  just say it rocks. Then again, that's a given, and if I did that I'd be one  of those very annoying reviewers that waste everyone's time. To start off,  this is a very dark record. Very dark. It might not seem like it but the  atmosphere the band creates is overwhelming. Then you have Thom's already  woe-is-me-type vocals. Check out &quot;Let Down&quot;, &quot;Karma  Police&quot; and &quot;Climbing Up The Walls&quot;. All very dark songs.  This band has their very own little niche that they can call their own,  nobody does it like them. The three mentioned songs, along with  &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; and &quot;No Surprises&quot; are songs that  are beyond perfect. You'll never see anybody come close. This is indeed a  very difficult album to digest. The lyrics never come into focus, but in a  sense, that's the point. No one really came out and said what it's about,  but if you listen carefully you'll understand. The lyrics about  dehumanizing are very clever. My favorite part of this album is during  &quot;Karma Police&quot;, when Thom sings (more like mourns) 'For a minute  there, I lost myself'. It's worth the cash for that alone.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|When people talk about underground movements. The one no one talks about,is. In the early 60's the mass production of the transistor radio. What a great (cheap)gift to give all us welfare kids. Carrying IT everywere  we went.Laying there all night listening to KRLA 1110,Johnny Hayes or Bob  Dayton. Or 93/KHJ,Johnny Williams or Humble Harve. From my story I can tell  you NUGGETS is what we wanted to hear.I believe all radio stations who play  60's music,need to get NUGGETS!NOW! Put this together with  MOTOWNS(HITSVILLE USA),Toss in THE BUDDAH BOX SET,Maybe a BRITISH  INVASION,STAX,TIME LIFE cd or two? There you have 60's radio,loud &amp;  proud! With no commercials. The other thing this proves is what a monster  influence on American bands the YARDBIRDS had (Jeff Beck stuff). A third of  these songs we all know. A third you will remember? A third you'll scrath  your head and laugh}:-D The critics hated this stuff(no control). And they  hated the bands that followed,like. The biggest of all garage bands,GRAND  FUNK RAILROAD or MAHOGANY RUSH. If you can think of at least five bands who  didn't make it on NUGGETS. Then you my friend are on the right track! Hope  the rock&amp;roll hall of fame has a display dedicated to the transister  radio. That strange little square box,that saved a generation. Those little  square 9 volt batteries were all I needed.Touch one on your tongue  sometime,feel the groove,yeah baby!
B00003CWQ2|3.0|This movie had some hilarious parts to it but, it started out slow......and, the ending was a total cop-out!
B000002GK1|4.0|This is Soundgarden at their peak -- it's Superunknown minus the pop sheen.  Cornell's range is twisted to superhuman heights.  Thayil, as usual, comes up with some awesome colors and riffs.  Ben and Matt lock-in  and ride a groove like a freight train.<br />The album definitely has a  particular &quot;sound&quot; to it that underscores every song: It is  aggressive, heavy and raw, and yet it is also refined, complex and  cerebral.  Cornell's lyrics are never simply sung, but rather delivered  like the gospel of hard rock.<br />Jesus Christ Pose is perhaps the best  single performance of the decade by a four-piece rock band.  Searching With  My Good Eye Closed sounds like a muscled up renovation of Into the Void.  Johnny Cash covered Rusty Cage which is about all that needs to be said  about that song.<br />There are several other classics on the album.  If you  haven't heard this album, you can't fully appreciate Soundgarden's genius.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zepplein went all out on this explosive album!  I will talk about the two best songs:  Black Dog And Stairway to Hevan. First Black Dog,  the drums are amazing!  I am still playing the air drums because of that song!  Even though I still havn't figured out why its named Black Dog. Stairway to  Hevan is my favorite song of all time. The vocals are great and the phrase  &quot;yes there are 2 paths you can go by, but in the long run, theres  still time to change th road your on&quot; is so true. I highly recomend  this album,the best of the  70's!
0767819179|4.0|This movie is about what love and attraction should really be--friendship set on fire.  Greg and Rose become friends with a strong emotional connection and because of that, the attraction develops.  In the end he  admits to her that he wanted her that &quot;horrible night&quot;--even  before she remade herself.  He fell in love with her inner beauty.  He was  just trying to live up to his theory about sex ruining things because he  was afraid it would ruin the best relationship he had ever had with a  woman.  Rose had to remake herself and catch his attention and even leave  him before he was willing to face the truth (we all know how dense men can  be!).  I found the movie quite entertaining.  Lauren Bacall turns in a  great performance as Rose's mother and as always Barbra looked great--no  matter how frumpy she tried to be.  A movie for anyone who loves a romantic  comedy.
B000002MZ9|5.0|Probably few people thought that at fifty years old, Neil Young would record the greatest rock album of his career. Well, here it is, the Grammy award winning &quot;Mirror Ball,&quot; Young's triumphant collaboration  with a very tight, sizzling Pearl Jam, who accompany Young's poetic  rambling's so effortlessly that it seems as if they've played together for  years. Unlike most of his efforts with Crazy Horse, Young offers a  collection of stunning singles worthy of radio. &quot;Downtown,&quot;  &quot;Peace and Love,&quot; &quot;Song X&quot; and &quot;Act of Love&quot;  approach the explosiveness of the scathing classic, &quot;Hey Hey My  My(into the black)&quot; from 1979's &quot;Rust Never Sleeps.&quot; Other  songs, such as &quot;I'm the Ocean&quot; and 'Truth Be Known&quot; are  drenched in ethereal galaxies of poetry mixed with layers of buzzing  guitars. As expected, Neil delivers quite a handsome number of his  trademark guitar solos. This is undeniably one of the greatest rock  albums  of the 90's, and the closest Neil Young ever came to invoking the ghost of  Jimi Hendrix. This record is an obligatory purchase for any fan of raw,  bare bones Rock N' Roll.
6303022901|5.0|As an Asian-American woman, I found many parts of this film (and the book it's based on) struck close to home (I still cry everytime I watch it.) But it's not just a chick-flick:  a colleague of mine (European, male, 40-ish)  also thought it was excellent.  The portrayal of Asian family dynamics is  realistic, except Asian men do get kind of a bad rap (as was the case in  Amy Tan's original book.)  But I keep going back to these amazing stories,  and the emotions depicted here so heartbreakingly -- if you can follow the  8 different characters and stories, it will be worth it!
B0000026UL|5.0|As they proved to the world in 1997 with the Grammy Award Winning smash, &quot;Time Out of Mind,&quot; when Bob Dylan and Daniel Lanois step into the studio together, the result is a satiating taste of genius. The album  explodes from the first note with two thumping classics, &quot;Political  World&quot; and 'Everything is Broken,&quot; which recall the hyper blues  of 1965's legendary &quot;Bringin' it all back home.&quot; Ghostly flickers  of brilliance follow, on songs such as 'Man In The Long Black Coat,&quot;  &quot;What Was It You Wanted,&quot; &quot;Ring Them Bells&quot; and  &quot;Most of the Time.&quot; The songs calmly build out of the lonely wail  of an acoustic guitar or the shrill of Dylan's harmonica, into fully  realized, deeply layered soundscapes, creating an atmosphere that is now  expected of the brilliant Daniel Lanois (Producer of U2's The Joshua Tree  and Dylan's Time Out of Mind among others). Lanois' meticulous production  allows the listener to hear each nuance of sound just at the right moments.  Despite this album's excellence, it proved only to be the anecdote for the  superior Time out of Mind. let's hope these two return to make it a  trilogy!
B0000457HB|5.0|Barry White is A Very Talented Brother.His Songs are Timeless.As A Writer,Arranger,Producer,Instrumentalist&amp;Vocalist Barry White is Showcased very well here.This Multi-Set Highlights 3 Decades Of Great Music  here.70's,80's,&amp;90's.Barry White Will Be Bad for Many More Decades to  come.
B000001EAQ|4.0|Underneath all of the technology of this album lies the foundation of all good U2 albums - lyrics.  Bono creates very vivid imagery in this album, and continues the poetic tradition of Achtung Baby and Joshua Tree,  although it feels not as consistent (Discotheque and Miami).  This is an  interesting album from a very interesting band.<br />If you love U2, this  album won't disappoint you.
B000002I25|5.0|The sad truth is that the Doors hit their peak right out of the gate.  Despite some high marks to come (notably the follow-up, `Strange Days', and the swansong, `LA Woman'), they never approached the power and majesty of  this, one of the finest debut albums of all time.  Correction - one of the  finest records PERIOD.<br />The contribution of all band members, producer,  and engineer to this amazing, living, breathing musical masterpiece is  truly remarkable.  The musicianship is tight throughout, and the band  switches from blues jams to operatic splendor to mystic ragas with  consummate ease.  Some of Morrison's best couplets, intriguing wordplay,  and theatrical presentation is brought to the fore, but the band  contributes their passion to all forms of music to support and propel him  thoughout.<br />Kicking off with `Break on Through' gives every indication  that this band wasn't sucked into the \\"Shine on Your Brother\\" ethos so  prevalent as America was tripping headlong towards the \\"Summer of Love.\\"   Its darkness is palpable, driving along on Manzarek's propulsive bass riff.   Here we find Morrison chasing and being chased by the same demons that  brought on his own destruction, as he dances with his own demise, and the  question of what might come after.<br />`Soul Kitchen' and `Crystal Ship' are  truly haunting.  The former, a bluesy/jazzy number stuffed with soul food,  giving arguably Morrison's best poetry room to shine:  \\"Your fingers weave  quick minarets/speak in secret alphabets\\" is an incredibly evocative  snippet.  The breathtaking `Crystal Ship' has become one of my very  favorite Doors' songs - Krieger's light, deft fingerings create a  shimmering web around perhaps Morrison's best-ever vocal delivery.  This  song gives me chills with every listen.<br />`Twentieth Century Fox' is a  sultry, bouncy pop tune.  Even the more lightweight material on this record  is still powerful and very memorable.  This is a timeless piece of pop that  still sounds as though it could be a hit single today, though it lacks the  expression and experimentation of much of the rest of the material.<br />As  for experimentation, it doesn't get much weirder than the inclusion of  `Alabama Song.'  To display a segment of a German opera in a rock setting  was unprecedented - the fact that they carried it off with style and  panache is incredible, the likes of which wouldn't be heard again until  Queen drenched the airwaves in Bohemian Rhapsodies....<br />`Light My Fire.'   There are few songs that can stand not only the test of time, but also the  complete and total saturation of radio waves, year after year.  The Stones'  `Satisfaction' is one such tune, and the timeless tunesmiths, the Beatles,  have quite a few gems that fit this description.  The Doors produced `Light  My Fire,' and ten thousand listenings later, give or take a few thousand,  it still sounds remarkably vibrant and fresh.  From the opening rimshot and  carnivalesque organ intro, through Morrison's soulful and tender delivery,  over the interplay of Manzarek's and Krieger's solos and fills, and quite  possibly Densmore's most inspired and inventive percussion, this song has  rightly earned its place as one of the all-time great songs the rock  era.<br />`Back Door Man' was the start of the second side back when vinyl was  the order of the day, and it gave Morrison plenty of space to strut and  display his passion for the blues, as well as showing the world that the  Lizard King was in town - little ladies, beware.  It stands up well against  some of his later blues numbers, even LA Woman's excellent `Crawling King  Snake' (when his whiskey-ravaged voice was, arguably, far more suitable for  this material).<br />The next three cuts, `I Looked at You', `End of the  Night', and `Take It As It Comes' are probably the closest thing to filler  material on the record, but this has a lot more to do with the strength of  the rest of the songs, for they are still fine cuts in their own right.   `End of the Night' has a wonderful double-tracked baritone vocal from  Morrison, and hints at the finale.<br />`The End', while an obvious showcase  for Morrison's fancies and vocal abilities, is also a fantastic piece of  rock theater, and all members share in its glory.  Robbie, in particular,  (who never seems to get due credit for his contribution to \\"the Doors  sound\\") gives the piece its Mid-eastern flavor, with some dazzling  fingerwork.  John, likewise, takes advantage of all the space within the  music to complement Jim's words with some sharp and inspirational fills and  flourishes.  A fitting finale to a fantastic album.
B000023VR6|4.0|It was straight. I thought he had some pretty nice beats. I never knew he can rap like that. I used to rap with my friends back in the day, and if you asked to make up a rap now, I wouldn't be able to do it as good as the  Doc did it here. Good Job Doc.
B000002HNR|3.0|Note:  all comments proceed from my original vinyl copy, so I will relegate them to the songs themselves, and not the digitally reproduced sound quality.<br />For those among the previous reviewers who maintain this  is the Doors at their peak, I can only assume that their of the \\"any Doors  is good Doors\\" opinion.  I love the Doors, but their output spans the  entire spectrum, from the sublime (`The Doors') to the absolutely abyssmal  (`The Soft Parade').  This live disc falls right in the middle, and from  some of the video output I've seen of the band in flying high in '67 and  '68, this later live material doesn't approach their true peak.<br />Case in  point are the \\"I'm just making it up as I go along and I sure hope it  sounds like poetry\\" bits - `Love Hides' and `Dead Cats, Dead Rats.'  He  doesn't sound evil; he doesn't sound inspired.  He sounds particularly  bored - as though he's just going through the motions.  Doors completists  might want this document for the inclusion of the entire \\"Celebration of  the Lizard\\" piece, but much of it drags and meanders, and some of it is  downright embarrassing.  It certainly hasn't aged well.  That this piece  takes up such a large portion of the overall product may be more than  enough reason for the non-hardcore fans to avoid it.  And Ray's lead vocal  on `Close to You' gives you more than sufficient evidence why the Doors  needed a lead singer.  (If nothing else, Ray's vocal performance is far  more enthusiastic than any of Morrison's on this disc.)<br />On the plus side,  `Five to One' (never one of my Doors faves) may even surpass the anger and  bite of the original, `Universal Mind' is a much too short but very  evocative piece which allows Morrison's whiskey croon ample room to tease  and entice, and Soul Kitchen is a fine closer and still one of their finest  moments as a band.<br />It isn't a must have, and it certainly isn't \\"the  Doors at their best,\\" but it has some charm, some high points, and does  makean argument for inclusion into any true aficionado's collection.
B0000026VZ|3.0|I don't know if you are aware, but there is a better compilation of Toto (Toto's greatest hits) that is much more complete as this one, since it's on a double CD. You will lose the songs from Jean Michel Byron (bonus  tracks from past to present), but is that so important ? (I don't like him,  he imitates Michael Jackson); and what you win is &quot;Stranger in town,  If you belong to me, Holyanna, Don't chain my heart, gypsy train, straight  for the heart...&quot; , isn't it much better ?
6305603847|5.0|As a Pink Floyd fan and as a fan of The Wall since adolescence, the movie and album have been inspirations to me but always with a twist of depression.  This DVD sheds new light on The Wall and has allowed me to  bring a new appreciation to the movie as well as the album.  Perhaps the  best supplement is the running commentary between Waters and Scarfe which  brings their experiences of childhood and WWII and Britain to the  forefront, experiences which allowed the musician and cartoonist to  collaborate in such a way as we may never see again.  I was deeply  impressed by the entire commentary.  Yes, this is a largely  autobiographical work, but seen in an historical rather than just an  autobiographical light, it makes the movie and the album, as well as Roger  Waters, seem less self-indulgent and makes viewers see him as an  intelligent, creative person rather than someone wallowing in the past.
B000002H33|4.0|Master of puppets was one first Metallica albums that I bought, because I thought it was the best. Actually, there is some good stuff to listen on the albums. But some anthems of metal are combined with real losers. \\"Master of puppets\\", \\"Welcome Home\\", \\"Orion\\" are classics, but can you believe they're together with \\"Leper Mesiah\\" and \\"The thing that should not be\\" ? I really think this is not the same quality as \\"Ride the lightning\\", on which everything is great from begin to end.<br />Battery begins with a soft guitar intro : I really like that, like on \\"fight with fire\\" (Ride the lightning). A good guitar solo can be heard on this one, but I found the lyrics too repetitive. Though, it's still very far from the annoying repetitive Damage inc.<br />Master of Puppets may be the best song of Metallica. It's also very long, and I never get tired of it. It can be listened from begin to end without being bored. It also has a great double guitar solo.<br />Orion is my favorite track. At the time I was new to Metallica, it was the only piece I found really interesting, and I could have bought the CD only for this. It has a great bass solo, and you won't be able to hear any other of that quality, since Cliff Burton left us in a bus crash in september 1986, few months after the release of this album .
B000002H2Z|4.0|I think with the exception of the Top this is one of the &quot;poppiest&quot; Cure albums, but that should not deter any one from purchasing this album.  Some of the songs on this album, although dramatic,  are more meaningful than the fluffy implication implied by &quot;pop&quot;.   And it tis wondre'fool car driving music!  If you are looking for some  more typical Cure...(yeah right, no one of their albums can be classified  as typical due to the many sounds they tried on, flinged off, tried on  again, then added smudgy bright red lipstick to)....then try Disintegration  (much more textured and beautiful like rivers weaving themselves) or Faith  (very grey and haunting like falling clouds of blank gauze)....<br />The  Blood, and Kyoto songs are my favorite.  I really like this album, i guess  it's got STYLE.  It's there in Robert's voice, it is definately in the  guitars, and the drum stlye, and yeah they did pretty good here but don't  take this too seriously...or you might get a case of 80's  poisoning......hee hee
B000006JQ5|3.0|This is the album that introduced me to Iron Maiden. But at this time, especially due to the cover, I really thought that Iron Maiden was a joke band : beasts everywhere, immature music, ...<BR>But I decided to give it a try. At first, the only songs that I found clean were Aces High and Wasted Years. And later, I liked some few other songs but \\"Bring your daughter...\\" was still horrible to me.<br />So few months later, I decided to try the albums seperately in the period 1982(The Number of the Beast)-1988(Seventh son of a seventh son) and I found lots of good songs that were not included in the Best Of. I think about \\"Children of the Damned\\", \\"The prisonner\\", \\"Flight of the Icarus\\" (the ultimate ommission), \\"Die with your boots on\\", \\"Revelations\\", \\"Rime of the Ancient Mariner\\" (too long?), \\"Alexander the Great\\", \\"Only the good die young\\" ...<br />Well, there were enough good songs to be included in the mid 80's so why did they include so many songs of later albums ?<BR>The two live tacks are useless here since much better live songs can be heard (life after death, rock in rio) and anyway I just think there's no room for live tracks on a single best of.<br />\\"Bring your daughter\\", \\"Be quick or be dead\\", \\"Running free\\" should be replaced. This compilation is really mediocre, even if you're new to Iron Maiden. My suggestions are any album in the 82-88 period.
B000009QPO|5.0|The first three jayhawks albums are all excellent but for me 'hollywood town hall'is a true classic .mark olsen and gary louris seem to be at the height of ther powers, every track is pure class and with 'crowded in the  wings' has the ability to bring a tear to the eye of the hardest of men.so  listen to the 30 second clips that amazon has provided and click on the wee  box that says buy, because this cd just might be one of the best buys you  have ever made?
0875845851|5.0|Much of the focus on this book and its popularlity has been on innabilities of companies to adapt to major tech shifts and the great data to support this (though I wish there was a more accessible example outside  of the disk drive industry that was as well researched). I would contend  that there is a profound gem hidden early in the book regarding the concept  of 'value networks'. (I'm sure some org behavior folks have thought about  this but few people in the strategy -- esp. mgmt or change consulting --  have taken this to heart.) Organizations are a network of structural  relationships between stakeholders (employees, suppliers, investors,  customers, et al) that is highly inflexible (this is what creates the  consistency necessary large orgs and their quality expectations,  requirements). When organzations try to do something new, this network of  relationships often keeps change in check. Forget the tech angle, this is  about companies, momentum and inflexibility and how most companies can't  change or dramatically evolve without leadership that recognizes that the  entire network must be primed to accepted radical transformation and its  requisite ambiguity (e.g., GE and Gerstner or  Maytag and Lloyd Ward).  Totally worth trudging through the numbers.
0767802519|4.0|I'm frustrated by the lack of extra content on DVDs and the Professional is right in there with the worst offenders.  How I would have loved to watch an interview with Luc Besson or Jean Reno or Natalie Portman discussing the movie. All you get is the trailer. Granted the sound and  video quality on this disc are very, very good, but when you've got such a  rich medium, it begs to be put to use.  Example: the Apollo 13 DVD and The  Matrix DVDs are both are best of breed and top anything I've seen to date
B00004RFFU|4.0|This movie is wonderful.  The imagery and emotions set the dark, brooding moods from the instant the movie begins. You're immediately enraptured by it, transported back in time with Louis, LeStat, and Claudia to New Orleans  and Paris as only Ms. Rice can take you there.  The mood was captured  perfectly in the movie as it was in the book.  It was a feast for the eyes,  a great gothic story . . . an elegant horror film!
6305718903|5.0|So, Stigmata got a few bad reviews.  Well, so what!   If you like exciting, intriguing movies, you have got to see this one!  Patricia Arquette shines as a NY hairstylist who, after getting a gift from her  mother,  recieves the stigmata, or the wounds of Christ.  Gabriel Byrnes is  at his best as a Vatican Preist/Investigator.  I can't say enough about his  riviting preformance.  The religious themes weren't exactly true, but so  what.  If you want accurate religion, don't expect to see it at the movie  theater.  By the way, check out the soundtrack, it's definite ear candy!
B000001DYD|5.0|Needless to say, PJ Harvey is an aquired taste. For those depending on music from radio-friendly tunes and MTV-approved songs, PJ Harvey will be an instant turn-off. There are very few individuals that can instantly  switch from the polished pop productions on the airwaves to something so  creepy, bold and raw. But for those who like their rock, pure and  undiluted, Rid of Me succeeds on every level. Abrasive and acidicly  corrosive, Rid of Me is a twisted ride into the female psyche. Ultimately,  Rid Of Me is more rewarding and stimulating but unfortunately it requires  an open mind and careful listening. If open mindedness and careful  listening are attributes you cannot afford when listening to music, this  album is not for you.     Rid Of Me is a much harsher, edgier, and angrier  album than anything PJ Harvey has ever done. Produced by Steve Albini, the  sound of the album is pushed to maximum friction, each element sharpened  into a raw, stripped-down sound. Sometimes the sheer intensity of the  sound, fuzzes out PJ Harvey's vocals, causing many to criticize Albini for  messing with the production. Rid Of Me is emotionally harrowing, PJ Harvey  explores her sexuality and painful failures without a flinch or hesitation.  Almost as if Rid Of Me was lifted off the pages of a diary. PJ Harvey is a  songwriter of magnitudinal skill, she expresses emotions with convincing  reality. She utilizes metaphors, folklore, and poetic imagery to draw the  listener into her warped mind. With her primitive howls, desperate moans  and high-pitched wines, the raw production lends a dangerous powerful edge  to the music.      This would be the last PJ Harvey album to feature her  band. Rid Of Me featured Robert Ellis on drums, percussion, and vocal and  Steve Vaughn on bass. Meanwhile, PJ's instruments would range from guitar,  vocals, cello, violins, and organs. Rid Of Me starts with the title track  building in slow gradual intensity with consistent guitar plinkings. The  vocals slowly seethe in quietly like a shadow, PJ whispers with desperate  conviction then like a sonice explosion guitars and drums coming crashing  down, until it feels like there's no room to breathe. The next track,   &quot;Missing&quot; is undoubtedly the pinnacle of Rid Of Me with its  haunting melody and PJ's soothing voals, dropping to gutteral depths,  climbing to unbearable sweetness, are all on target with force and drive.  &quot;Legs&quot; features PJ Harvey's short-breathed wails and ascension to  a excrutiatingly high pitch. &quot;Rub 'Til It Bleeds&quot; is a searing  gem, as the guitar kicks in full impact and PJ Harvey yells, &quot;And you  believed me! I'm calling you weak!&quot; There's no woman in rock that can  get the adrelenine rushing like PJ Harvey. &quot;Man-Size Sextet&quot;  features the creepiest string arrangement building in tension like the  soundtrack to a horror movie right before the killer finds the back of his  victim. &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; is a completely warped version of  the Bob Dylan song, twisted out of recognition. &quot;50 Ft. Queenie&quot;,  &quot;Yuri-G&quot;, and &quot;Man-Size&quot; are all incredibly  magnificient songs. &quot;Yuri-G&quot; with its sing-a-long chorus and  &quot;Me-Jane&quot; has PJ Harvey in full-fledged anger mode, playing the  role of Jane and screaming at a Tarzan.       For best results, play Rid Of  Me at full volume and swallow every screaming wail and panting moans of  pain until you feel like you are going to burst and suddenly life becomes  alright.
076781214X|5.0|I consider Francis Coppola as one of the five best directors of the last 30 years. Even in his less successful movies, there is still the sparkle of the genius. And ONE FROM THE HEART which was a huge flop, critical and  popular, is, in my opinion, a masterpiece, along with APOCALYPSE NOW and  THE GODFATHER, part I, II and III.<br />Now why would Francis Coppola be  interested in the screenplay of PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED, a light and  nostalgic comedy about life and its disenchantments ? Perhaps the subject  touched him because of the recent fall of Zoetrope Studios which, at this  time, was falling apart with Coppola's dreams and money. In this  perspective, PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED is a formidable statement of a bleeding  director : &quot; If I could live again now, knowing what I know, I won't  change a thing ! &quot;.<br />Speaking of perspective, let's observe that  there aren't any mirrors in the real world of Peggy Sue, Coppola choosing  to shoot the back of another actress when Kathleen Turner faces her mirror.  This creates an uneasiness in the audience because we have the impression  that Peggy Sue will jump out of the mirror. Great idea of an always  innovative director.<br />You will have understood that PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED  is a movie you can watch several times and still discover another little  pearl hidden in it. That's cinema. And I like it this way.<br />A DVD for your  library.
B000001ABD|5.0|The 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's...R&amp;B, pop, jazz, dance...piano, vocals, drums, harmonica...you name it, Stevie Wonder has conquered and excelled in it.  And &quot;Song Review,&quot; a 31-track retrospective of his career,  is about as close to perfect as you can get.<br />It's hard to say exactly  what's the most striking: his intricate, layered production that lets you  hear new nuances with each listen; his writing, full of lush and jazzy  chord progressions and structures; or his voice, that remarkable instrument  that can, with equal ease and success, joyously deliver a romantic love  song or stir the soul with the pain and longing inspired by one of his  commentaries on the wrongs of society.<br />Of course, his funk is the most  fun: modern groups like the Brand New Heavies or Jamiroquai still have yet  to achieve the likes of &quot;Superstition,&quot; &quot;I Know,&quot; or  &quot;Boogie On Reggae Woman&quot;...the rhythms and keyboard parts of  these songs seep under your skin until your body is awash with the groove.   The same can be said for his more pop-flavored material, such as the  delightful &quot;Sir Duke,&quot; and especially &quot;That Girl,&quot; the  ultimate in high-quality, 80's slickness.  <br />But Wonder's ballads are  certainly the most compelling of his work.  His voice has the quality to  open up and simply ache, so when he sings the longing lyrics of  &quot;Overjoyed,&quot; paired with gorgeous chord progressions, it makes  for one of the most beautiful ballads ever recorded.  &quot;You Are the  Sunshine of My Life&quot; and &quot;Ribbon in the Sky&quot; are timeless  treasures, and &quot;My Cherie Amour,&quot; Stevie's 1969 classic, still  holds up as a classic that can bring out the romantic in anyone.<br />As with  most greatest-hits packages, some of the song selections are puzzling:  where is &quot;Isn't She Lovely,&quot; one of his biggest hits?  And what  about &quot;Superwoman (Where Were You When I Needed You)&quot;?  Surely  these two classics could have been included instead of the lackluster  ballad &quot;Stay Gold&quot; and Stevie's adequate but not essential cover  of Bob Marley's &quot;Redemption Song.&quot;   (And does anybody really  need to give another listen to the ultimate in bland, mid-80's cheese,  otherwise known as &quot;Ebony &amp; Ivory&quot; with Paul McCartney?)   Still, these are small complaints: for soul-stirring vocals, infectious  musical landscapes and sheer songwriting brilliance, &quot;Song Review: A  Greatest Hits Collection&quot; is a treasure to behold.
0671027344|5.0|Wow! This is the most amazingly true book that I have ever read! I completely identify with the main character. Some people might say that this book copies the style of &quot;The Catcher in the Rye&quot;, but I think it's sort of like an update for the next generation.
B0000004V2|5.0|What did &quot;The Stone Roses&quot; sound like when it was first released? Well I wasn't there so I can't really say. Some say that the Stone Roses were all hype and I think that's just wrong. Suede, now THEY'RE  all hype. Ugh. But those Roses, man, they had talent. I wish there was some  band that sounds like them now but there isn't. They mean nothing to us  Yanks weaned on grunge and boy band pop. Oh well... This album has some of  the coolest bass lines ever. Especially &quot;I Wanna Be Adored&quot; and  &quot;She Bangs The Drums&quot;. Oh and &quot;Fools Gold&quot; that rocks  too. And the drum beat gets SOOOOO hypnotic. I mean when &quot;Fools  Gold&quot; starts you should turn the bass all the way up and then put both  your speakers on the floor and lay down. It sounds really cool. Now I've  never smoked reefer before but word on the street is that it &quot;puts you  in a trance&quot; or something. Well if you're one of those lazy drugged up  lowlifes that's constantly giving my generation a bad name then this just  might be the album for you. That rhythm section in &quot;Fools Gold&quot;,  though. Wow. Garbage and Rusted Root must worship at the sonic altar of  that song. Buy it now. Awwwww amn.....
B00003CWQ2|4.0|...and this is coming from a female reviewer. The only thing that I didn't like in this one was Helen Bonham's character. Her character was an uninvited guest to me, she was a real distraction! Otherwise, Brad Pitt has  proved to me again that he is beyond a teenage hearthrob, and I just love  Norton and is looking forward to him coming through with his project with  the novel &quot;Motherless Brooklyn&quot;. I felt that &quot;Fight  Club&quot; had a lot to say about pushing yourself in order to accomplish  more than you ever thought you could. And it said it with such a punch! I  would not recommend this movie to anyone who just want to see a movie about  bare-fist matches and tough guy antics. This is definantly not  &quot;Rocky&quot;.
B000005J56|5.0|Imagine this. It is an idle, hazy summer afternoon. The immense heat shifts the air and it shimmers slightly. Noisy children run about the street bare-footed, un carretero alegre (cart-driver) slowly clods down the  narrow streets while the shoddy buildings which rise on both sides of the  streets are filled with bustle. Admist all of this, from a small bar a  gentle guitar emnates from the doorway accompanied by exotic bongos and  haunting trumpet sounds.     Who would have thought? Nutured and nestled on  a stretch of island known as Cuba, south of Florida, a creative energy and  cultural phenomenon brewed while largely ignored. Shut off from the rest of  the world, for over 150 years, Cuban music has had time to grow and take  new exciting forms. Thanks to worldly traveled producer Ry Cooder, Cuban  music has been brought into the light again. Buena Vista Social Club refers  to an old members-only social club located in East Havana. So the idea was  born, Ry Cooder travelled to Cuba gathering aged overlooked Cuban  musicians, masters of their art, to create a record proving that true roots  still remain a compelling artistic force.        With artists like Ricky  Martin or Marc Antony offering up latin music in an easy-to-swallow  digestible pop music for the public, Buena Vista Social Club serves it up  raw and original. Seeped in tales of local folklore or bits of ambient  wisdom scattered throughout, Buena Vista Social Club represents a  collective tale of an entire culture.<br />     Buena Vista Social Club kicks  in with &quot;Chan Chan&quot;, a slow, swaggering, guitar melody. Hypnotic  and almost trance-like, it tells the tale from Cuban folklore. &quot;Como  sacudia el 'jibe/A Chan Chan le daba pena!&quot; Even if you can't  understand the Spanish, the music is enough to convey the message, but even  so the Spanish language has an untouchable grace, and you find yourself  trying to form the words to sing along. The toe-tapping &quot;De Camino a  La Vereda&quot; showcases such instruments as the dumbek, the mbira, or the  laoud. One of the highlights throughout the entire album is singer Ibrahim  Ferrer. Ferrer's frayed soft voice is powerful when channeled through the  music. Other highlights inlcude 77 year old pianist Ruben Gonzalez and  guitarist Compay Segundo. &quot;Pueblo Nuevo&quot; features Gonzalez's  funky, folky piano solo. &quot;Candela&quot;, with its sexual innuendeo,  has the catchy harmonious chant chorus. &quot;Ay candela, candela, candela,  me quemo ae&quot;. While it won't find a place on a dance floor or a club,  all the songs in Buena Vista Social Club are irresistably danceable. You  will either find yourself snapping fingers, tapping your feet, or swaying  your head back and forth.        Complex, mezmerizing, sophisticated and  rhythmic, Buena Vista Social Club is a wonderful work of art, combining the  efforts of musicians who truly love the music they do. They play with a  passion as if this were the last day they would ever play. Their efforts  showed and was well-received all over the world and was a Grammy-winner. It  spawned a Oscar-nominated feature documentary and solo-efforts by Ibrahim  Ferrer and Omara Portuondo. Buena Vista Social Club, like the history of  its name suggested, is like a members-only social Club. Except this  time...welcome, you've been invited to the party.
B000002VCU|5.0|This album is the pinnacle of musical achievement. It is the ruler against which all rock music should be judged. I bought this CD in 1994, during a bad relationship. Now I had heard &quot;Games People Play&quot; on the  radio for years, but I never paid much attention to it. When I played the  CD, it got to my soul! &quot;Games People Play&quot;, especially the lines  &quot;Where do we go from here, now that all of the children have grown  up?...&quot; and &quot;Ain't gonna spend the rest of my life quietly fading  away&quot;, spoke to me. How many people have had these feelings!<br />This  album helped turn my life around. In 1996, I married a terrific woman, and  this album is also her favorite!<br />You must get this CD. Buy it, play  it--over and over. This is one of the greatest albums of all time.
0684833395|5.0|This is truely a wonderful book. It is both extremely funny and sometimes shocking. There are so many memorable characters, it is hard to keep track. You really see the insanity of the military and war. The best character is  the old italian man. You just can't say enough good things about this book.  You have to read it.
B00000JPH0|5.0|This movie depicts all the crudeness and fierness of the war. It's the story of a group of friends  set in the middle of the Soviet invasion of 1939. Perhaps this story isn't widely known because the Soviets were  &quot;good guys&quot; during the WWII and the finnishs seem to be related  with Germany (they all wear german uniforms, helmets and equipment) but the  true is that this movie show us that Findland is victim of a Soviet  aggression and all the men must abandon their lives in order to defend  their families, women and homes (we all know how barbaric the russians  were, they always took the women as a war loot)<br />Give a chance to the  movie, it begins somewhat boring, but it's because we are introduced to the  surroundings and lives of these young finnishs men, once that the war  begins, it all is the hell on Earth.
B000031XCR|3.0|Celine delivers another powerful album, but that doesn't mean that this album is great...Some of the new tracks are pretty boring and I'm sowry to admit that it gives me a headache when I listen to tracks like Live and  some other boring ones.. And What the hell Beauty and the Beast? <br />i Mean  common people Mariah's #1's although not a greatest hits is way better.
0060977493|5.0|Having read some of the other reviews, I find it odd that some people felt the book had no point. To my mind, the point could not have been clearer - the story, in general, is an observation of social customs in India. In particular, it is a lamentation of the egregious double-standard applied to  men and women in parts of India.
6305205620|5.0|This is an awesome DVD.  It had me wishing I was there.  I can't wait for Metallica to come to concert.  I only hope it is half as good as cunning stunts.
B00000064G|5.0|Along with the Beatles' &quot;Relvover&quot;, this album changed the way I thought about (and played) music.  These are 11 of the most genuine songs ever to be released, and it is a shame that so few have heard this album  (or Nick Drake).  Without hesitation, I can honestly say that this is my  all time favorite album.<br />The sparse instrumentation only seems to add to  this record's appeal.  While some people feel that the Beach Boys &quot;Pet  Sounds&quot; or the Beatles &quot;Revolver&quot; are masterpieces for their  lush studio production, &quot;Pink Moon&quot; acheives legendary status  with Nick Drake's skillful guitar playing and somber voice as its only  instrumentation.  This album was recorded over a 2 evening session.  That  fact, along with the mystery surrounding Nick Drake's death, only seem to  enhance the album. <br />I have recommended this album to many friends and  co-workers with various musical tastes.  No one has ever complained.  Each  of them has gone on to purchase this album.  Picking out high points of  this cd is somewhat useless, as there really aren't any low points.  But in  the interest of this review and those that might be curious, I would have  to say that among these songs, &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, &quot;Place To  Be&quot;, &quot;Road&quot;, &quot;Which Will&quot; and &quot;From The  Morning&quot; are the finest moments.  But words can't do this album  justice; simply listen to the preview tracks yourself.  You'll understand.
0140288503|4.0|I enjoy reading military thrillers but I guess I was totally unprepared for the reality of this book.  In fictional war accounts, the US never does anything wrong and the dramatic action of a super soldier averts disaster.   This book reminds us that war is not fiction.  The fear and pain of the  real life soldiers is felt throughout the story.  Many military novels talk  about the fact that few plans survive combat.  However, this is one of the  few books that demonstrates clearly how true this statement is. The Army  &quot;knew&quot; that their Black Hawks could not be shot down.  Only as an  afterthought did they assign a rescue team.  Who would have expected two  Hawks would be shot down? And for once, solidiers admit their fear.  They  acknowledge that they don't &quot;want&quot; to go back into the battle.   But they do so because it is their duty. Anyone who believes in the glory  of battle must read this book.  As many of the participants in this raid  admitted, combat is far more real than they expected.
B00000255F|5.0|There is not enough that can be said about this album.  But in particular, I want to talk about &quot;Thunder Road.&quot;  If you're new to Bruce, and you've never heard this song...well, if you don't buy this CD, maybe buy  the three-disc set...buy something with this song on it.  I saw Bruce last  summer(I'm only 25, so I wasn't around back in the day) and when he played  Thunder Road, which I was so excited to belt out at the top of my lungs, I  just sat in my chair with tears running down my face.  It is, quite simply,  the most beautiful thing in the world.  That's all there is to it.
0780626494|3.0|I recently saw this film and agree that it is a cute family flik but I would not recommend it for adults looking for a hardy laugh. I have given this movie a decent rating due to the fact that   David Foley was  outstanding as usual and he made the movie very enjoyable.
0684847817|5.0|When I first became interseted in fairies, I spoke to my friend about it, and she told me about this book.  I wasn't really sure about it at first, but after I took it home and paged through it, looked at the wonderful pictures, and read the excellent descriptions, I realized what a gem this  book really is!
B000002568|5.0|Not much else I can add here.  Just buy it.  <br />My favorites are Donna Lee, Kuru/Speak Like a Child, Portrait of Tracy, and Okonkole y Trompa.
6304143206|5.0|I love this film for many reasons.  It is very emotional and is brilliantly directed. Very good acting by all and one helluva bike ride.  The music is great also.  If you weird and HAVE NOT seen this, do it NOW.  No matter what your age is, this movie will touch your soul and move you to  tears.
B000002AHM|5.0|This is incredibly fast.  You're just kinda left in awe after listening to the first track alone. <br />Some accuse Al, John, and Paco of playing without much feeling here, but I think they're wrong.  This album burns...   Mediterranean Sundance and Frevo Rasgado are my favorites.
6305718954|1.0|This movie is terrible.  It's not really a movie, it's more like people pretending they know how to make a movie.  It's edited so rapidly, I began to believe the director didn't know what he was aiming for.  I don't mind  rapid editing if it's done for effect, such as in &quot;JFK&quot; and  &quot;Psycho&quot;, but this was mind numbing.  The acting was somewhat  descent but the script has got to go.  &quot;The Exorcist&quot; was 100%  better and those who haven't seen &quot;The Exorcist&quot; and choose to  see this instead because you can't stand to watch old movies, you should be  shot.  I wasn't offended by the religious aspect, just the filmmaking.   When the scene where the priests are throwing holy water on Arquette, I was  ashamed to see how they ripped off &quot;The Exorcist&quot; so well.  This  movie is as bad as they can come, so PLEASE AVOID AND DON'T WATCH!
B000002AGE|5.0|A classic.  The first three songs are all amazing, and the rest is good as well.   A must-have for any fan of fusion.
6305609691|5.0|This movie is one amazing feat.  Aside from the insanity that was involved during the making of this film, the movie looks amazing.  Each scene is memorable and filmed with such expertise.  The DVD version looks great in  the widescreen format.  The extras are nice, but what is really great is  the movie itself.  One of the most powerful films ever made, it is also one  that is a marvel to watch again and again.  Please buy it.
6305364613|4.0|New Refreshing Look at this claasic story
0790729733|5.0|Please watch this movie.  It has great cinematography and editing.  It makes you think and holds your attention all the way through the end.  This is expert filmmaking.
630580706X|5.0|Most people know the basic plot of this film: puppeteer finds a portal to John Malkovich's brain. Now for a film to carry off that premise the script had better be good and make some sort of sense in its context.  This film  does in spades! This is the most original film I have seen in literally  YEARS!  I saw it on the badgering of a friend.  I'm so glad I did! Too many  films come out that don't deserve to even be on cable let alone a theatre!  If you're in the mood for , in the words of Python, something COMPLETELY  different, enter into the mind of John Malkovich!  You'll either love it or  maybe even hate it-but you won't be able to deny its creativity and courage  for the twists in the story. Ignore this week's Julia Roberts assembly line  &quot;product&quot; and see this modern cult classic!
B000023X9W|5.0|I think this will be Neil's most successful disc in a long time. I have heard it said that this album resembles 'After the Gold Rush' in feel. Not really. The folks who put it &quot;in the same vein as 'Harvest' and  'Harvest Moon'&quot; are pretty much on the money. Those albums are two of  Neil's most successful, and I believe 'Silver and Gold' will be too. The  disc is laden with easy going tunes that feel like they are best enjoyed on  a hot, lazy summer afternoon. Neil's signature frail voice is as haunting  as ever, and plenty of steel guitar gives the album a genuine country  touch. (But don't worry - not too country.. we're talking about the  godfather of grunge here) As far as lyrical content, it's not the heaviest  stuff Neil ever wrote, but if only I could write such songs for the person  I love... This stuff cuts through all the bull and states a simple message  of contentment and affection. I bought my girlfriend a copy.. you may want  to also. Just tell her to ignore the few cheesy moments. (the line about  software...) I thought 'Distant Camera' and 'Razor Love' stand out as  classics, but the whole album is solid. If you like Neil, buy this.
6305263248|2.0|What makes RONIN fail? As an action film, it has plenty of action. Too many characters?  Maybe. I found it very hard to focus, like I was always asking the person next to me `what was that?' or, `who is he again?'.  <br />Those sort of digressions make me wonder about the story. I could  neither stay with it, God forbid ahead of it, as we've been conditioned in  most films today of this genre. There have been wonderful, simple heist  films (The Italian Job) and complicated ones (Heat), but Ronin is neither,  just messy.<br />What might have been a wonderful,  fast-paced car chase is  destroyed by too many close ups of a very scared Robert Deniro in the chase  car. A needless appearance of Katarina Witt verifies that `sold out for no  good reason' feeling.<br />The characterizations are all too predictable,  Natasha McElhone and Jonathan Pryce are weak in key roles. Stellan  Skarsgard is superb, however. Jean Reno and Michel Lonsdale, as always, are  excellent.<br />Poor story, poor direction, poor film.
6304030983|4.0|This movie has a great idea. And it's fun!  Although it's rediculous, but I saw it 2 times. My complaint is that the trials seem to be more and more trite and unexciting. I love the first some surprises, such us bat, bug,  and eat-flowers. But the tramples of the elephants, the shooter, the flood  seems to be predictable. BTW, The ending of this movie is so bad, I dislike  it so!  A cliche!
B00003CXDU|5.0|I saw this movie and I could not stop laughing.  Tears were running down my face it wa so funny.<br />Tim Allen does an excellent job protraying Capt. Taggart.  Of course S. Weaver did an (ahem.. :) excellent job showing off  her talents as well.<br />The movie did remind me of a star trek spook but  with a different twist.<br />If you even remotely like Star Trek, Star Wars  etc... and you like to laugh, buy it!
0374384576|5.0|This has to be one of the greatest novels i read as a child. The wonderful Roald Dahl (we miss you!) exhibits his fantastical imagination and we never for a second believe that any of it is make believe. Roald Dahl ropes us in to his story and we are spellbounded every step of the way. Roald Dahl  nearly always creates a central character that his readers instantly loathe  such as Mrs T in Matilda and the head witch here.This increases the  suspense as the reader waits for the eventual demise of this  &quot;evil&quot; character. He also incorporates irony and satire  magnificently that adult readers can appreciate. Dahl is undoubtedly the  greatest children's writer that ever was. His books leave lasting memories  and are a legacy that will last for centuries. We honour your memory
0345423496|2.0|The mystery of the monolith, being so cryptic and strange, is an exceptionally good concept for a science fiction plot.  After all, everyone whoever saw 2001 wonders at times about the monolith.<br />Sadly though, it seems that the author never really figured out how to develope this idea  and ended up just dragging it out through 4 books.<br />This sort of was an  obvious let down for readers.<br />I also felt that the series was more  devoted to his idea of the future and the universe than delivering a real  storyline.  The storyline was merely used as tool to express his quite  fasinating image of the future to the reader.<br />I must admit, the fourth  book is a bit predictable.  He needed to finish off the series and was only  capable of thinking up a medicore climax.
6305718903|4.0|Within minutes, I had decided I would like this movie.  The photography, acting, and sense of mystery were vivid and palpable.  I enjoyed the shift between sacred ritual and gritty lower-class dialogue.  The plot,  initially, pulled me in without telegraphing all its secrets.  Arquette in  particular continues a career of great performances; this lady can act!  But, as I reached the conclusion, I couldn't help but wonder if the  screenwriters got confused on which direction they were headed.  At some  points, Arquette's character is clearly antagonistic toward priests and  nuns--ala &quot;The Exorcist&quot; in a few scenes--but later we're told  she's the messenger for Jesus's words as revealed through the departed  spirit of a Brazilian Catholic priest.  The messenger premise would've  worked without the apparent presence of a demonic force.  The use of the  stigmata to validate her message was gripping and effective--if only the  end hadn't muddied their purpose.  I must, however, give a nod to the final  message itself...No, Jesus doesn't only inhabit buildings of stone and  wood; he wants to live within us.  That, at least, deserves an Amen.
B000005DQR|5.0|A genre-defying classic,Entroducing...DJ Shadow is one of the best albums of the '90's.  Clearly influenced by a deep love for hip hop, Shadow's masterpiece cannot necessarily be categorized as such.  It lacks lyrics  (and therefore mic skills), and the beats are merely part of the backdrop,  not a constant.  What Shadow has constructed is a sort of urban classical  music, where beats and textures flow in and out in a dreamlike manner.   Give Endtroducing... a few spins and it will work its way into your  subconscious mind.
B000000WA4|4.0|I have owned this CD for about three or four years. I don't personally think that it is the best Smashing Pumpkins CD ever, I own them all, but it is defenatly one of the best they made. This is defenatly a CD to listen to  if you are depressed; the sounds of &quot;Zero&quot; and &quot;Bullet With  Butterfly Wings&quot; will have to singing along and feeling better in no  time. If you end up liking this CD i defitely recommend the Smashing  Pumpkins newest CD, &quot;Machina: The Machines of God&quot;
B00001ZWTT|4.0|Although alot of people saying this movie is rubbish, i think that if you liked 'MEN IN BLACK' your'll like this film.<br />It has the same humour as MIB. The Special FX are very good. It's a great action comedy film. a Good  buy for all the family
B00003W8NM|5.0|WOW! This movie was probably the most intriguing film I have seen since Sixth Sense. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt give phenomonal performances. On the brink of being an art film, this story is non linear and very deep. It  is for all of us who have meaningless material possessions but still cannot  find peace inside. David Fincher has impressed me for the third time,(  Se7en and The Game)proving his place in making movies with a twist. The DVD  version will be complete with a cornucopia full of special features,  including deleted scenes and lots more. For those interested X - Men is  trailered on the VHS version. In concluding I must say Fight Club is one  hell of an acquisition to anyones DVD collection
B00003XB8K|5.0|Yet again, Enigma does not fail to deliver an opus which will transport the listener into and beyond the realm of one's conciousness. I have loved Enigma from Day One and always look forward to any new release. I am not  disappointed.<br />With strains of Carmina Burana running in different areas  of the recording, Screen Behind the Mirror is a true boudoir classic. Yet  it does deliver on other levels as well such as for yoga and  meditation.<br />The continuity of the songs is flawless and brilliant. I love  it and hope you will, too!
B000002UAI|4.0|I. Album Cover: Photograph is somehow artistic and better than most LP  covers during 1964.<br />II. Group's Playing and Recording: The fab four took  it easy after composing all of the material in A Hard Days Night, dooing  the film, touring, etc. Eight Lennon-Maca tunes and four cover versions.  The sound is somehow warmer and more alive than what they achieved in their  previous albums. Very good vocal harmonies and a more acoustic sound all  together. <br />III. Composition and originality: Not a landmark in  60's  music nor the highest point of their career. I would say its &quot;More of  the Beatles&quot;, or should I say of the &quot;great and only  Beatles&quot;.<br />IV. Final Message: If you are reading this review I assume  it is either because you don't own the album or just are curious to see  what some one else thought of the album. Well, if you don't have it and  like the Beatles I would include within your collection because the music  is very good and the tunes are a lot of fun. If you do not have any Beatle  material try &quot;A Hard Days Night&quot;, &quot;Help&quot; and  &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; (UK catalog please) from their early period. If you  already have Beatle albums  go for it, &quot;they are for sale&quot;, and  you will like to listen to them.  <br />V. Other pertinent info: George Martin  (producer) and Peter Brown (editor) agreed that the lyrics on &quot;Nor  Reply&quot; represented the group's first &quot;complete&quot; story  opposed to statements such as &quot;I love you&quot;, &quot;she loves  you&quot;, &quot;I love her&quot;, etc.
B000023X9W|5.0|This latest offering from Neil Young is quite a departure from some of his harder driven work from the past decade.  After many plays, this cd shines. The lyrics have a simple and rustic feel to them which is a departure from  some of his 90's work. I feel that in time this cd will become as respected  as After the Gold Rush, Harvest, and Freedom.
B0000024RQ|5.0|Qualities such as simplicity, being one-self,  having something to say, and being direct and honest are difficult to find in today's music. Our contemporary music heavy influenced by technology and multiple studio  gadgets, many times fail to transmit a message and an inspired. feeling. I  am not against tech nor progress (as I value progressive and symphonic rock  musicians), however, when listening to material such as this album my  imagination and my heart join with the songs and add all of the missing  sophisticated  elements. The Dylan lyrics are also a landmark and a classic  representation of the social narratives of the 60's. &quot;The voice from  the street&quot; is rarely heard in today's music (thank you for your  singing Tracy Chapman), thus, it was delightful to go back to the very  unique early 60's through the cry and the joy of Dylan's ballads.
B000002GQE|4.0|I have been through many years of the Moody Blues, from &quot;Go Now&quot; to their latest &quot;Strange Days&quot;. The Moody Blues have always been a rock solid band with fine lyrics and tasteful music scores. This CD is  maybe not their best, but is an excellent addition to your collection.  Don't miss it!
0064407667|2.0|and Queen Victoria would not be either.  This is a dry and boring tome dressed up in the press releases to be witty and entertaining and it ain't, folks.
B00000K2SC|5.0|If you enjoy an intelligent, multi-layered plot that is absolutely non-predictable, you're going to love this movie.  If you delight in meticulous detail and some of the coolest special effects ever created for  celluloid, you are going to love this movie.  If you like a story so  complex you enjoy it even more on the second and third viewing because of  more content you were able to extrapolate, you are going to love this  movie.  And if you love to watch smart characters doing logical things  while interacting with cogent dialog, you will love this movie.  Unless you  have access to a 6,000 horsepower, nitro-burning funny car and can get your  jollies in a sub five-second pass that changes the curvature of your  eyeballs, then rent this flick.  What a ride!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club grabs you and doesn't let you go... Ed Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter shine....Norton is a character we can all relate to, the grind of work, the seeming boredom and pointlessness of modern  existence..Carter's performance blew me away. The film nearly descends into  boring vigilanism at one point but turns around with a killer ending. The  actual fighting was strangely hypnotic and not boring like I thought it  would be. Fight Club is definitely my favorite flick of 1999.
B000023X9W|4.0|It's common knowledge that Young gutted a previous incarnation of SILVER &amp; GOLD in order to contribute to CSNY's LOOKING FORWARD (only that album's &quot;Queen of them all&quot; was recorded from scratch for the  project - a typically perverse Youngian response to Stills' request for a  rocker). Thing is, SILVER &amp; GOLD could have included  &quot;Slowpoke&quot; or &quot;Out of Control&quot; and CSN could have gone  with &quot;Good to see you&quot; - they got as far as adding harmonies, but  we get the solo mix here.  In fact it would have given LOOKING FORWARD a  welcome upbeat acoustic number and they would have been playing it on the  CSNY2K tour, but instead it opens Young's first mellow offering since  HARVEST MOON.  SILVER &amp; GOLD is similar to both that album and COMES A  TIME, but even more low key and stripped down than either. There's much to  like here, &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again&quot; is a wonderfully gauche  look back at Young and Stills' first band.  The real gems, however, are the  less obvious ones: the simple yet charming title track (first attempted  with Crosby &amp; Nash in 1982); the celtic-tinged &quot;Red Sun&quot;; the  melancholic &quot;Horseshoe Man&quot;; and the achingly beautiful  &quot;Great Divide&quot; which I can't hear without crying - it's that  good. Overall it may not qualify for 5-star classic status, but its  highlights make it unmissable.  Buy it, tape it, stick some or all of  Neil's contributions to LOOKING FORWARD at the end of the tape (SILVER  &amp; GOLD is a fairly short album for these times), and play it in the car  on a summer drive in the country.....
0671042858|1.0|This book is so horrid I don't even know how to convey it. Like Gerald's Game, this book doesn't have enough of a plot to keep you interested. It is basically just this little girl wandering about the woods, and trying to survive. King is an enigma because in latter years he is trying to write  diffently than his successful ventures!  He needs to stick with what he  began with-horror, suspense, etc. This story should be labeled young adult.  I think teens might enjoy it. Maybe.
0060931671|5.0|In Crying of Lot 49, we join Oedipa Maas on a journey for the Truth about the Tristero.  As Justin Carroll correctly points out in his review, Pynchon sets us (and Oedipa) up to expect a major revelation.  However, I felt that the journey towards this Truth is the important and interesting  part of the book.  Through the central metaphors of entropy and layered,  constructed, interpreted works of art, Pynchon explores the possibility for  Truth, meaning and reality when it becomes impossible to separate oneself  from the system being explored. I found Crying of Lot 49 to be an extremely  enjoyable read.  It is not an easy read, and it demanding my thought and  attention.  However, Pynchon's mastery of language makes it an engaging and  fun read.  Also, I found it to be much more accessible than V., Gravity's  Rainbow, and Mason&amp;Dixon- I could actually sit down and read Crying of  Lot 49 without feeling I needed help.  I strongly encourage any fans of  Vonnegut or Catch-22 (I haven't read any other Heller) to check out Crying  of Lot 49, as well as anyone who is looking to read a first Pynchon book.
0385121679|5.0|The Shining is one of my favorite King books. Jack Torrance is a complex and interesting man (this does not come off in Kubrick's film). The failures, the rage, the weakness for drink, versus the kindness, the writer....The Overlook's horrors are many and are unbelievably creepy-the  topiary animals, the haunted ballroom, the masquerade....Danny's psychic  abilities are also eery and scary in themselves. This is the only King book  which I actually find terrifying. It is not to be missed.
0671042858|4.0|This book called &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; written by Stephen King is a really intriging little book that is very interesting to me. I was glad to read a short quick paced book that fit my reading style  perfectly. I thought it was great how Stephen King was able to get into the  characters head so good. It made the book make a lot more sense because you  know what all the people who are involved in the story are thinking. Some  of the thoughts were a little old for a 9 year-old girl to be thinking but  it's good he was trying.  I thought the storyline was really beleivable  how a family would go out hiking in the woods and a girl could get lost. I  thought it was weird how a little girlcould fight through all the mental  and physical needs it does take to get through the woods.
630451087X|4.0|Definitely one of Lynch's best films. Much better than Wild At Heart or Fire Walk With Me or Dune, I think. Not quite equal to Blue Velvet or Eraserhead, but pretty close. Unlike Lynch's &quot;failures,&quot; this  film isn't dominated by scenes that stand alone, superior to the film as a  whole. The whole thing comes together in an inventive structure that is as  integral to the work and as interesting as certain stand-out individual  scenes. The biggest criticisms leveled at Lost Highway have been aimed at  the seemingly incomprehensible narrative, but the same criticism can be  leveled at, for example, the literary works of James Joyce. Why are films  held to a different standard than literature? I don't know, but it is a key  to why film critics in general are some of the dimmest, least perceptive  people out there. My only question is why the heck isn't this thing on DVD  by now? What a shame!
B000023X9W|4.0|I cannot, in good conscience, give this album 5 stars -- such a distinction is reserved for the very best (i.e. After the Goldrush, Everybody Knows ...).  Silver and Gold is Neil's strongest since Harvest  Moon -- not surprisingly, S&amp;G finds the artist inhabiting his role as a  country crooner (he may be too old to Rock in the Free World, although his  recent CSNY tour provides evidence toward the contrary).  Most of the songs  were heard on last year's solo acoustic tour -- these performances are just  as powerful as those were.  Highlights are Good to See You, Red Sun,  Distant Camera, Razor Love and Without Rings (the last song could've been  brilliant without unfortunate computer software analogy).  The title track  ranks among Mr. Young's finest -- the miner has finally found his heart of  gold -- and Horseshoe Man is sublime.  In these two examples, the  simplicity of Mr. Young's lyrics belies their sophisticated points and  subtext -- when the lyrics are simple and shallow (such as on the truly  poor Buffalo Sprinfield Again), Mr. Young sounds as if he's put music to a  third-grader's ramblings.  Daddy Went Walking walks a thin line between a  poor song and self-parody -- Mr. Young is far too great an artist to come  close to crossing this line.<br />But, in case I've discouraged anyone from  purchasing this record, don't take my advice -- it is simply more fun and  easy to mock than it is to praise.  Horseshoe Man and Silver and Gold are  reason enough to purchase the album: it is an entirely enjoyable work,  probably more consistently good than Harvest Moon.
0790729628|3.0|Hey, guess what. The director doesn't always know what's best for the film and this picture is a shining example of this. Ridley Scott is a great visualist, but he's in the Paul VerHooven category of sloppy storytellers.  A commercial director with a big budget. The Director's Cut is inferior to  the version that was released by the studio. There wasn't anything wrong  with the narration that was added. In fact, it did give it a throwback feel  that enhanced the comparrison with 40's detective films. The original  narration wasn't really explanatory, at least I never saw it was such. I  would have understood the story if the thing were silent. The narration was  more of a style judgement, I felt. It set a mood. I never saw the original  ending as happy, so the change here is no real improvement. Still, the  visuals are grand and this is one of the premiere films to buy if you have  a DVD player... if it weren't of such poor quality, that is. There are many  things to be said for the Director's Cut, but the first version, while  flawed, was superior. Frankly, this is a poor DVD. The quality leaves a lot  to be desired (being a visual film this should have been state of the art,  but it isn't). The special features are lacking... as in there ain't any.  This DVD should include BOTH versions of the film, BOTH in widescreen, a  trailer, a &quot;making of&quot; disc and so on (oh yeah, and a booklet).  Blade Runner should have been one of the flagship releases, but it isn't.  Protest this poor release that forces you to watch a poorly transferred  inferior version by NOT BUYING IT.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is jazz's apex.  Not that the album isn't flawed or ultimately unbeatable, but for the moment Kind of Blue holds the title.  Davis and Coltrane present a seminal study in jazz harmony and counterpoint.
6303073107|5.0|RASHOMON: One of many masterpiece sets from the six-feet tall Japanese film master perfectionist who had been around in the film making business for half century or so and rendered to viewers such classics as SEVEN  SAMURAI ( Japanese warrior which was considered to be of higher in rank  than merchant and peasant yet lower than priest / monk in feudal era  hierarchy ); THE HIDDEN FORTRESS where duel scenes between Toshiro Mifune'  s character and his enemy inspired the subsequent face-to-face, dead or  alive finale between Luke Skywalker and the Father of Darkness ( Darth  Vader ) in Star Wars; IKIRU ( To live )- the story of a middle-aged,  commercial-oriented business man / materialist who became enlightened for  some reason from his final-staged cancer acknowledgement and firmly decided  to leave his life-worthwhile mark by materializing  the community school  project for underprivileged children that  had been put on hold for long  before his FIN DE TEMPS eventually came; RAN- the Japanese version of King  Lear; et al.    RASHOMON tells the same story from different sources: the  dead husband ghost; his wife; the bandit; the peasant and leaves it all up  to you to justify and select your version of truth-in-itself, if any, out  of these four. Each one told the story just in ways to suggest own  benefits, leading us to comtemplate which one is just more or less true, if  any of these is true at all ( I know it sounds absurd for one to find it  more or less true, yet no kidding ! ).  <br />Considered to be way too  avant-garde in its own decade the movie was originally released, due to the  non-conventional story-telling sequence / screenplay ( More or less like  Pulp Fiction's ) Rashomon was artistically portrayed in ways to  continuously provoke viewers' thoughts wittily with the sublime performance  by the main characters under magnificent light use within the tensed  atmosphere wherever appropriate. <br />The film will suit best the following  viewer types: 1)Unconventional die-hard moviehead; 2) Film-making school  student; 3) Movie critic; 4) Any art house movie lover; et al<br />From this  film and others including Seven Samurai, The Hidden Fortress, Yojimbo, Ran,  etc. Kurosawa sensei ( master ) is probably the best conventional director  of all time. ( Hontoeni dokomademo Kurosawa Akira sensei no ONE OF THE  BESTs, kore !  ) - SP
B0000024Z7|5.0|The initial Santana albums created a latin-inflected pop-rock sound that was infectious but ultimately risked becoming a stereotypical sound, respectable but not on the cutting edge.  With Caravanserai, Santana  demonstrated that its sound transcended the &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;  and &quot;Everybody's Everything&quot; latino jazz-pop labels.   Caravanserai is a languid, luxuriant atmospheric burst of jazz-inflected  rock, equal parts fusion, sixties jam, and smooth melodic meditation music.   The solos on this record set a standard for melodic guitar, and the  combination of dynamic energy and easy pacing makes the songs on this album  stand out.  This is not an album of singles--it's a great  Friday-night-at-ten-with-friends-over CD.  Santana could easily have  avoided taking the risks that Caravanserai took--another album of catchy  maracas-drenched pop songs would have sold much more handsomely.  But  Caravanserai marks Santana's break with easy commercialism, and signalled a  willingness to explore different paths.  In its time, it was not accorded  sufficient respect either by the more rockist of the Santana fans, nor  among fans of &quot;real jazz&quot;.  Years later, the distinctions seem  altogether artificial, and Santana's attempt to straddle genres holds true.   While it's true that some great bands elected never to &quot;branch  out&quot;, and remained genre bands to the end--Madness comes to mind--in  hindsight the listener must be grateful that in 1972 Carlos Santana  understood that his longevity depended on transcending the sytle of his  earliest records.  This album is not at all dated--it's a grand listen  nearly thirty years later.  If you love ringing guitar solos and easy,  jazzy rhythms, pick this up today.
0792844793|5.0|for those of you who have mentioned that this film has no plot, take your own advice and dont watch films like blue velvet. stick to movies like armaggeddon and let bruce willis spoon feed the plot to you. David lynch  follows his own formula that is driven by his unique vision that no stright  forward plot could follow. This film deals with a THEME: the evil that  dwells beneath the most beutiful of surfaces. The ants in the begining  suggest the rage, tension and evil unrest that exists bebeath a perfectly  mowed american green lawn. This can be seen allegorically mirroring the  bigger picture of the reality of our world despite what its crust reveals.  Therefore many seemingly out of place haunting sequences are put in by  lynch as paintstrokes in his cinematic painting that tie into the overall  theme. Lynch is a true artist that does not compromise his art for public  demands.
B000002KJQ|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST ZZ TOP CD EVER MADE.GREAT GUITAR WORK,FANTASTIC SOLO`S BY BILL GIBBONS AND RONCHY VOCALS.THIS IS A GREAT PARTY CD THAT I WORE OUT ON ALBUM,8TRACK AND CASSETTE.EVEN THOUGH THIS CAME OUT IN 1973 IT STILL DOES  NOT SOUND DATED.GREAT PLACE TO START FOR NEW ZZ TOP FANS.JUST  CRANK THIS  MASTERPIECE UP POP THE TOP ON A COLD ONE,AND ENJOY.
B000002UB3|5.0|When I first heard this album 10 years ago, I kept skipping Maxwell's Silver Hammer, it seemed to flow better without it. What was I thinking of? That was like clipping a bird's wings. This album is PERFECTION. It rolls  and flows, breaks and crescendos, leaves you feeling as if you have  experienced something truly remarkable (even after 10 years). With lines  like &quot;You're asking me will my love grow, I don't know. I don't  know&quot; and &quot;One day we'll be away from here, step on the gas and  wipe that tear away&quot;, still making the hairs on the back of my neck  stand up. This album is full of love and hope, desperation and joy, the  variety of the human race, the similarities we all share, it is pop, rock,  blues, jazz, therefore it is the bible of music, no contemporary songwriter  can deny this album's significance, they are all indebted to it. If you are  not a Beatle's fan - you will be.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee is one of the best books I've ever read. Being in only eighth grade, I clearly remember the way I felt, and what I did during the summers when I,too, was  as young as Scout. This book clearly portrays what a child would really do and think. It is believable  in all ways (even though we would all like to believe that the racism was  too extreame- it wasn't) and I really love that this story could have been  the real life of a little girl. On top of the fact that it is realistic, it  is also very well written and very gripping! I read this book for school  and wasn't expecting to like it at all, but I loved it, partly because it  is so incredibly well written, and partly because of the amazing emotions  and thoughts that it stirs up in your mind. These issues being adressed by  a child can be looked at and interpreted on a far deeper level. It can be  read by anyone who enjoys any kind of book. It touches into many different  genres and is loved by all kinds of people. It's a great book!
630441403X|5.0|Cage and Shue are both raw and complex, the soundtrack is lush, the photography is meaningful, the script is almost irrelevant as the actors are giving everything they have. It is about giving up the fight for a  meaningful existence and getting one too late. Beautiful, poetic, utterly  moving.
B0000203YT|1.0|I totally agree with the viewer from Phoenix, AZ. We rented this movie to see what all the fuss was about and we couldn't get into it.  The acting was horrible and the accent on Gweneth was much to forced and foolish  sounding.  I can't understand how she won the best actress Oscar for that  year and how the movie was best movie of the year. If you want to see a  movie that is well worth watching for a couple hours, Life is Beautiful.  That movie should have won the Oscar for movie of the year.  After about an  hour of torture, we had to turn the movie off because it was just so bad.
0684872153|4.0|Via his childhood memories, Frank McCourt offers a poignant, unflinching view of a poverty so grinding and oppressive as to certainly be almost unimaginable by most readers. Indeed, I had to frequently remind myself  that the years described were endured not in some pestilential  Victorian-era slum, but in the mid-1900's. My only criticism is the lack of  an epilogue to the story. What ever happened to the elder Malachy McCourt,  Frank's father, a devastating testimonial to a life wasted by alcohol abuse  and a peculiar melancholy which is endemic, I suspect, to the Irish? And  Angela, Frank's mother, a sure candidate for sainthood if measured by her  daily struggles to keep her children fed and alive? I hope God blessed  Angela's ashes and rewarded her with riches in heaven.<br />Oh, and the book  is much better than the movie adaptation (3 stars) as the former has better  continuity between events, though the latter has stunning visuals and  superb acting performances.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|When I got this album in January 1999, I thought it was great. But ever since I got Smash, another album by the Offspring from 5 years ago, I've barely listened to it again. The Offspring toned down their guitars for  this album, and sold out by making that video for &quot;Pretty Fly (For a  white Guy).&quot; Anyway, most of the songs are light and boring, and  almost all of them are about relationships. The high points of this album  were songs number 7,12,and 13, but that's about it. If you are looking into  buying an Offspring album, please do NOT buy this one. The great number of  people who have bought this album doesn't mean anything. Consider buying  &quot;Smash&quot; or &quot;Ignition&quot; instead. To sum this album up, I  can think of one word: SELLOUT!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Past the action filled commercials, through the title of the film, amd seeping within the extreme violence, there is a message.  A message that most everyone will feel but try to avoid further action.  Edward Norton  does not avoid it, in fact, he actually enjoys this venture into a world of  excitement, danger, and anger management techniques.  Unfortunatly he is as  the movie progresses, clearly insane.  He creates a character he needs,  someone to help him discover who he is.  This movie never fails to be  boring, repetitive and certainly not predictable.  But hey, what can you  expect from the amazing directing of David Fincher of SE7EN?  Dialogue can  be very clear and ingenious if listened to carefully.  Watch this beauty  with full attention and surely more than once.
B00003W8NO|5.0|Toy Story is not just an animation skeptacle, but also a wonderful movie. All of the characters are cute and Tom Hanks and Tim Allen's voices are wonderful. This movie came out when I was 8. Now I'm 13 and I still love  it. It's disney's greatest animation film ever!
0393307050|4.0|Having just finished the first of the series, I am ready to say that I am at the least intrigued.  More than interesting (once you conquer the flow of the prose), the book is a boat ride that is as adventuresome as the Sophie.  O'Brian is humerous, dramatic, sad, suspensful, and even  philosophic -- sometimes all on the same page!  I would recommend this book  to anyone with the patience to let it grab them, and the ability to wrap  their brain around the more difficult passages.  Knowledge of the nautical  is not necessary, and by the end of the book an imagined familiarity with  the terms has crept in.  A great read, and a good start to what seems to be  a classic series of novels.
0156528207|5.0|I first read The Little Prince my freshman year in high school and I thought it was just plain confusing.  Then, later that year, my school chose The Little Prince for the spring play.  I tried out and got the part  of the prince.  This is when I really and truly understood the story. I  then reread the book and it was absolutely fantastic.  So for all of you  who read it once and thought it was confusing, READ IT AGAIN! IT'S A GOOD  BOOK!
B000001IQH|4.0|I have all of Rancid's CD's, but this is the best one!From the first time I heard &quot;Time Bomb&quot; I was curious about Rancid. So I bought ...AND OUT COME THE WOLVES. I have to say they are the best Punk band I've  ever heard! Every song from &quot;Roots Radicals&quot; to &quot;Daly City  Train&quot; just jumps off the CD and slam-dances with you! While I'm not  totally versed in their personal history like I am with Blondie, I can  safely say I'm a big fan! This album always gets multiple plays from me and  truly ranks with my all-time faves!
0451196716|4.0|The Long Walk by Stephen King is suspensful because there is a nonstop in the action. From the opening 3 pages of the book to the very end. A grueling walk that if you even try to stop,the guards following in the white jeep will shoot the Long Walkersafter 3 warnings, until there is only  one Long Walker left. This book is very descriptive about the walkers  death. Stephen King has several ways to keep his audience into the  book  and entertained. The book also gives great descriptive information on how  the Long Walkers become tired and exhausted. Another good descriptive  passagesas how muscle spasms in the back of the legs in the back of the  calfs. Stephen King uses the characters in the book to keep the Long  Walking paceand keeping the audience informed about the characters by  having them make conversations and began to tell about their lives. This  book really gives great and intensifying action for any Stephen King fan.
6304675348|3.0|Wes Craven does it again with directing this movie.   A movie that  makes fun of other horror movies in the process of having its own horror.  This movie is also funny in the sense of that the characters do the excate  dumb-bell things as the characters in a horror movie.  The only reason I  give this movie a 3 star is because it starts to get really old after a few  times of watching it
0930289234|5.0|The watchmen, by Alan Moore, is a study of our society, history, and culture (Pop, and otherwise).  For the avid comic book fan, this book is a must read!  It covers the golden, silver, and modern ages of story lines, and characters.  It has mutants, as well as \\"Technical\\" superheroes (Ones  without superpowers), and the villains seem to be us, the common people,  with our flaws, and human frailties.<br />From an artistic standpoint, this  graphic novel seems to be a how-to for story-boards, reading more like a  movie script/storyboard than a comic.<br />If you have never read a comic book  before, but want to understand what the hub-bub is all about, include this  book in the list of comics to read.  If you don't own it, you are truly  lacking in the library area of your home.  This is a well-respected book,  and should be bought, read, shared, and given as a gift.
B000001GBJ|5.0|what can i say? no words can sufficiently describe the way the music in this CD WAKES THE SPIRIT. strongly recommended!
0385474547|5.0|Because it's easy to read but hard to interpret, Achebe's masterwork has become a fixture thoughout secondary and higher education.  Unfortunately, its current status as a &quot;classic text&quot; as well as a multicultural icon threatens to make it merely another institutional artifact rather than  the genuinely provocative text it is capable of being.  Achebe does not  gloss over the apparently savage, cruel, sexist practices of the Ibo people  before the arrival of the white missionaries.  Yet students are quick to  overlook these tensions in the narrative, preferring to go for the  &quot;platitudes&quot; about imperialism that they know are expected of  them in the classroom devoted to assuring &quot;diversity&quot; is in the  curriculum.  The other &quot;tension&quot; that is often overlooked is one  outside the text: respecting the autonomy and identity of an African  country by staying out of its affairs vs. intervening to bring an end to  mass genocide (Rwanda), starvation (Ethiopia), and  enslavement of children  (Sudan).  Why is it a &quot;moral imperative&quot; for the West to  interfere in Kosovo but not in Rwanda?  If these tensions are not  confronted, the novel is a well-crafted folk tale about a tragic hero, and  also another occasion for student apathy.  Achebe himself has invited  strong moral judgements about his text by applying the same to Conrad's  &quot;Heart of Darkness.&quot;
B000002AT6|5.0|Words cannot describe the epic majestic quality of yet another James Horner masterpiece.  The music is  hauntingly beautiful, and perfectly complements the outstanding motion picture.  My recommendation: buy the  movie and the soundtrack.  If you like Titanic or Glory, this wonderful  collection is definitely for you.
0385484518|5.0|I laughed, I cried, then I cried some more and most of all I was touched.  I don't mean that this book simply hit a raw nerve - it truly touched my soul and made me look at my life anew.  Trust me, I  made a few changes.   That is what kind of book Tuesday's With Morrie is.<br />Pick this book up and  treasure it - give it to your loved ones.  Tuesday's With Morrie is a true  story written by Mitch Albom, one of the top sports writers in the country  (he writes for the Detroit Free Press and has a radio show).  Morrie was a  professor and Mitch one of his students and friends.  Over the years they  lost touch but when Mitch heard that Morrie was terminally ill with Lou  Gerhig's disease he rushed to reconnect with his mentor.<br />This book is the  result of the Tuesday afternoons that they spent together before Morrie  passed away.  Within these pages, the reader gets to know Morrie and to  love him.  The reader learns what a person really looks back on at the end  of their life and what is really important - love, laughter, family and  friendships. <br />Mitch speaks in a very clear and comfortable voice.  He is  never afraid to really open up, admit his weaknesses and his faults.  It is  this openness and honesty that really draws the reader in - without this  the book would not have been the smash hit that it is.   <br />This book  should be required reading for the course of Life 101.   I have never been  so moved by a book and never has one made such an impact on my life.
B000023X9W|5.0|This is a long awaited album, and it was worth the wait.  Neil taps the vein of &quot;After the Goldrush&quot; and &quot;Harvest&quot;, but with a wisdom that only time can bring.  The songs are at times simplistic, but  that's the beauty of them, they are stripped down and real.  I have a  bootleg version of &quot;Razor Love&quot; from '87, and it's better than  this version, but overall the album is in my opinion much stronger than  &quot;Harvest Moon&quot;.  It would be interesting to hear the album with  the four songs CSN snatched to keep their album from completely sinking....
B000002H38|5.0|After a couple of years I just listened to this truly beautiful record again, and it is still Anita's best. All the songs offer great moments and the distinctive Baker style - I find it impossible to pick a favorite. The  material still sounds remarkably fresh and a comparison with more recent  releases (e.g. the latest Tony Braxton effort) really shows how far ahead  in quality this album was when it first came out. It must be one of the  essential R&amp;B records.
B000002KCC|5.0|This is a classic album that is essential to any true rock music fan.  At times sparse and wrought with emotion, &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; marks a dark period in the career of Neil Young.  Dealing with the drug  deaths of two friends, commercial success that attempted to pigeon-hole him  as the guy who sings &quot;Heart of Gold&quot;, and throat complications,  this album, released two years after it was recorded, is the climax (and  chronologically part II) of a trilogy.  In this trilogy, Neil makes a raw  statement, essentially thumbing his nose at commercial influences,  accessibility, and success, and takes the listener on a journey into  darkness.  The other two installments ('73's &quot;Time Fades Away&quot;  and '74's &quot;On the Beach) are still unreleased on CD and masterpieces  as well.  When placed in it's context, &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; is a  shot of musical tequila in the gut chased with a beer and a tear.  In some  ways this is the first punk record.  If only Neil would finally release the  other two parts to this dark trilogy...
B0000029J5|5.0|Most Blues fans know that the genre is often just a rehashing of old favorites, old ways of playing, and a traditional approach via cliche to the lyrics.  This album is decidedly upbeat for a a blues album and many  would say it isn't a blues album at all, but a potpurri of blues, country,  and rock.  All I know is that every song on this album can put a smile on  your face either through the music or the lyrics (although most likely  both).  This is destined to be a classic if it hasn't already become one.  Winner of the W.C. Handy Award for country/acoustic blues album of the  year.  Highlights on this album full of gems are &quot;Tell Everybody I  Know&quot;, &quot;Come On In My Kitchen&quot;, &quot;Dirty Low Down And  Bad&quot;, and &quot;Every Morning&quot;.  For any Blues, check that, for  any Music fan out there who hasn't purchased this album yet what are you  waiting for?  Go Buy It Now!
B000003Z4C|5.0|This album is a masterpiece!   Flooded with emotions, this recording paints such a picture of darkness, pain, and frustrations that come with the most overused word in any song....'love'.  Nick Cave pulls no punches,  and delivers with a drop-kick to the soul.  This is not a CD to listen to  in the daylight.  Turn the lights out, light a candle, and let it in....you  won't be sorry.
B00003CWL5|5.0|Magical - this movie is a gift from director Sam Mendes and screenwriter Alan Ball. It's a gift to all of us, to everyone who at some point has forgotten how important it is to stop and smell the roses. Kevin Spacey is  human - he's you and me - and I couldn't hav asked for anything more. Wes  Bentley is our eyes, seeing true beauty for the first time. Whatever you  take from this movie, make it yours.  I'm listening to the soundtrack right  now, and I can't but help smile.
0385484518|5.0|Absorb the life lessons from Morrie Schwartz into your soul and release the love back out of you to people around you, like to your spouses, your children, your parents, and keep going, the people you work with, or to the people you meet throughout the day.   Like the line from the book &quot;  Love each other, or perish.&quot;  A wonderful friend of mine told me about  the book, &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie,&quot; and after reading it, (a quick  read), I agree with my friend, this book is thoughtful into making our  lives more happy  and... We're Tuesday people.
630575067X|2.0|I would just like to say that if you really like this movie then I feel sorry for you.
0783225849|5.0|... Well not much I can say that hasn't been said. DO NOT see the remake see this!<br />This is by far one of the greatest films in Mystery and Suspence. I love it. and will never put this film down. Hitchcock is my all  time favoirt director by the way.
0064400557|4.0|In Charlett's Web, I believe that the true lesson of friendship is showen and acted out.  This book deals with a pig who becomes friends with a spider named Charlett.  The lesson is learned that a true friend will do anything to help them with any of their problems.  Wilber learns that  friendship is important in any kind of relationship.  I love the way the  author ties in animals to get the attention of kids and then gives an  important lesson at the same time.  This book is an exellent one to read to  any age.  The idas are truly down to earth.
B00000ILDE|5.0|hmmmmmmmm.. what can I say? This film brings Sci Fi and Terror better then anything i've seen. Though this film is Sci Fi and Terror.<br />If you can't stand a little action, blood, gore, or a little spice of terror (Though it  wasn't at all scary to me).. you might want to stand clear..<br />But for me,  this is simply one of the best films. See it!
6305750750|5.0|Despite my cynicism due to the incredible hype surrounding the release of The Phantom Menace, I found myself forced to admit that the film met my expectations on all levels and exceeded them in many.<br />The computer  generated graphics are a generation ahead of those in the first trilogy,  creating a stunningly detailed and intricate mesh of alien landscapes and  characters.  <br />Liam Neeson is outstanding as Jedi Knight Qui Gon Jin,  portraying a very credible and very human character who sees clearly the  inherent paradox of the Jedi philosophy and the role they must play in a  dangerous time.  Ewan McGregor brings much more personality to the young  Obi-Wan Kenobi than is shown in Alec Guiness' more mature Ben Kenobi.<br />The  most interesting performance is by the fascinating Natalie Portman.  When  portraying the very proper and regal Queen Amidala, she is almost  stultifying in her cardboard stiffness, but this sterile charaterization  vanishes when she slips into the role of the hand-maiden alter-ego, Padme.   Portman is refreshingly candid and outspoken in this role, without  resorting to the shrewishness of the early Princess Leia depictions.  Those  who have read the books or know the relationship between Padme and the  young Annakin Skywalker will find the subtle interplay between the two  absolutely delightful.<br />This boxed set contains two wonderful bonuses;  first, of course, is that the movie is in Widescreen format, the only way  that it can be truly appreciated.  Secondly, there is a fascinating  portfolio of original concept drawings that is worth the purchase price in  and of itself.<br />If you liked The Phantom Menace enough to want to own the  movie, do yourself a huge service and invest a little extra for this  Special Edition.  It will tremendously expand your understanding and  enhance your enjoyment of the entire Star Wars experience.
6302814359|3.0|When I watched this movie movie for the first time, I got dissapointed, because it was not what I had expected. But this movie is actually good. I sure get a laugh when the zombies are going out to have some brains. You  cannot really call this a typical horror-film, it's more like a  &quot;horror-comedy&quot;. The negative side of the film, is that it gets  boring towards the end. But if you dont got this movie in your collection,  then it's defently worth a buy!
B00004SVIK|5.0|I have a bootleg of the wall from Nassau Collusseum 2-28-80 so I knew what to expect when i got this album. The show is very similar, almost identical except for one thing. The new one has more bass than my bootleg does. The  quality can be compared to that of Pulse, with its crisp and clear sounds.  Its cool to be able to identify and distinguish all the different  instruments used in it. If you dont have this already then what the hell  are you waiting for? Run like hell to the store and pick it up, you wont be  disappointed.
B000002KC5|5.0|At a first listen this record struck as only being O.K.  Now I find that it keeps returning to the C.D. player almost of its own volition. From the opening Rednecks it catches a certain atmosphere of its own. With standout  tracks, Rednecks, Birmingham, Guilty and Rollin this is a must have album  for discerning adult orientated music lovers.
B000000OQY|5.0|I first heard this album when i was round a mates back in '92 a week later i had all of them this album has everything from passion to hate if you've never heard it before then i advise you to buy this album even if it's just  for the classic 'patience' which will go down in history along with the  controversial 'one in a million' well worth it's money
B00003CWL5|3.0|I have seen many movies in my life, I have  seen every film that has one best picture over the last 70 years.American beauty,while being a good movie has to be the worst film ever to win best picture, next to Annie  Hall. I have seen every film that was nominated this past year and I would  have to say that The Green Mile was by far the Best Picture of the year.  American Beauty was entertaining, and mediocre.C
B000002HMH|3.0|Okay, I don't hate this album.  I don't think it's great, by any means but it's got some good music on it.  As for being progressive, I just don't know...  I mean, I actually wanted Metallica to explore other directions.   But when they actually went and did it, I can't help but find the results a  little dissapointing, such that I'm thinking their best work will always be  found on their first five albums (the first three, in particular). I'm  still sort of looking forward to future material from Metallica, but not  with any great degree of excitement.<br />I must address the previous  commenter's remark about Load being a risk.  I have to disagree.  I don't  think the release of a record is a calculated thing, necessarily.  Apart  from that, I don't think Master of Puppets II would have sold bucketloads.   I don't even see how anyone can figure that.  Master of Puppets wasn't  their big commercial breakthrough.  It went gold in its day, which was a  big deal and it might have sold more since but I doubt very much if it's  approached The Black Album.  As awesome an album as MOP was, is and ever  shall be, it's peanuts compared to the Black Album in sales.  That's the  one that sold  bucketloads, cartloads even, and is still selling today  (much in the way releases by the Beatles, Rolling Stones and Pink Floyd  still sell strongly).  If anything, releasing Black II would've been a  surer bet.  In that light I don't see how the release of Load can be seen  as a risk.  The mind-boggling, CONTINUOUS, success of the Black Album  practically assured Metallica their place as the absolute kings of their  genre.  The got BIG with their self-titled release and they stayed BIG.   They are practically a household name now and aren't likely to go disappear  anytime soon.  I think they could have released anything they damn well  pleased.  Furthermore, I doubt Metallica could even record a Master of  Puppets II, even if they wanted to.
0783114893|3.0|This suspenseful psychological thriller is superbly done and well casted. The first 50 minutes of the film are intense and believable, but then it concentrates more on the action and the plot becomes plausible. Rutger  Hauer is expertly cast as the psychotic hitchhiker. Jennifer Jason Leigh  and C. Thomas Howell are also good in their roles. Suspenseful and wrongly  tagged as a horror film. Violent and a bit ludicrous at the end.  Entertaining for those seeking suspense with unique story line and  characters. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 6!
B00003CWL5|5.0|The first reason why I enjoyed \\"American Beauty\\" is that much of it really gave me a good laugh. Granted, at first sight, the movie doesn't necessarily come across as a comedy: we are presented with dysfunctional  couples which are terrible role models for their children, with the blatant  irresponsibility of the protagonist, with the frequent absence of moral  values, with the complete phoniness of the protagonist's wife, with the  casual delinquency of the neighbor's son, and with the rather serious  psychiatric problems of the neighbor and his wife. The big picture is  therefore far from pretty (with the notable exception of the homosexual  couple, which seems almost oddly healthy). But aside from all this  bleakness, what irresistible humor! I will only mention the scene where  Kevin Spacey is caught masturbating by his wife, and then decides to admit  it with a vengeance... I also liked the rush of freedom which allows the  protagonist to regain his taste for life. Of particular interest, I found,  was the way in which he abandons all that to which he previously attached  an undeserved amount of importance, and reorients himself toward new  priorities that are much more meaningful to him. As such, he delivers  himself of a lot of the pressure which society used to put on him. And in  his getting beyond what previously determined his behavior, he begets the  power which comes with the knowledge that he has in fact nothing to lose,  and becomes truly able to exercise free will.  Even his uptight and overly  materialistic wife gets a taste of this newly found freedom when she finds  out, as per her lover's recommendation, that she enjoys shooting a gun.  Unfortunately, this discovery is far from sufficient to allow her to really  make progress toward self-actualization and fulfillment, and her identity  remains fundamentally truncated and full of conflict, as shown in the two  scenes where she slaps herself when she cannot help crying. The protagonist  himself doesn't make much progress as a person, as he actually regresses  back to an idealized version of his late teenage years (made of sexual  fantasies and/or conquests, equally sexy cars, masculinity-enhancing  workouts, pleasure-inducing dope, and above all the least possible amount  of burdensome responsibility). It is only when he relinquishes the prize of  the beautiful blonde's virginity, and when, only seconds before his violent  death, he rediscovers the picture of his family taken some ten years  earlier, that he starts longing for a more adult life. In fact, the  character who seems the furthest ahead along the path of this interior  freedom is none other than the neighbor's son, Ricky Fitts (Wes Bentley),  in the sense that he is the one who is most authentically himself. He is  master of his emotions, and is not the plaything of neurotic anxieties (in  his relation to authority, to women, to the forbidden...); he consciously  chooses what deserves importance in his eyes and, as such, he has his own  set of values (he does deal drugs, but not hard ones); also, his outlook on  the world is wholly his own, and he knows how to cultivate it.  This  outlook happens to be very interesting, because I think it gives a  philosophical dimension to the movie. Let's briefly review the facts: 1) he  films a dead bird because he finds it \\"beautiful\\", 2) the day he found a  homeless man who had frozen to death on the street, he found that beautiful  too, and he even felt that God was looking at him through this dead body,  and 3) according to him, the most beautiful thing he has ever seen is a  plastic bag whirling around in the wind. It seems that what he finds  beautiful in the physical confrontation with death is the fact that it  allows him to appreciate more than at any other time the real value of its  absolute opposite: life. This character actually finds in the vision of a  corpse a source of deep wonder at the unfathomable mystery of life, which  one day sprung out ofnothingness, and one day goes back to it. The bag  which dances in the wind is possibly even more beautiful, in that it is the  gratuitous and fortuitous expression of the creative spirit which has the  power to give life.  What was beautiful to me as a spectator, was to hear  the character say that his intimate perception of the existence of such a  benevolent force in the world had allowed him no longer to be afraid - to  free his life from fear. What we catch a glimpse of here, then, is a  particularly liberating form of therapy through spirituality... Clearly  though, this is not meant to suggest that we adopt the same definition of  beauty for ourselves - Ricky Fitts remains definitely too strange to be  seen as a model character -, but rather it seems to be an open invitation  for each of us to search for what, in this whole wide world, has the  ability to touch our soul, and to make us feel more alive. It doesn't  really matter if this quest brings us to film plastic bags, as long we  individually find this sensation of being vibrantly alive, and that we  share this experience with our loved ones, as does the character with his  girlfriend. Otherwise, we are meant to understand, we run the risk of  eventually saying the same words as Kevin Spacey: \\"In one year I'll be  dead, and, in a way, I already am\\".
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie was just beyond all belief....  There were scenes in this movie that almost made me pass out because it was so beautiful and so close to absolute perfection that my mouth just hung open and I could not breathe.   <br /> This movie is about the epic battle between man and nature, and is  just so great.  I have met/read/heard of very few people who didn't like  this movie, most of whom didn't like it  simply because it was  &quot;preachy&quot; and to those people I say: NO DUH! That's the whole  point of the movie, and it's the &quot;preachyness&quot; that makes it so  great!  There are so many themes in this movie that you begin to lose track  and I come up with more every time I think about it (i.e. Horrors of war,  man vs nature, keeping peace).  Definatly a must see for any english major.   This movie is simply a masterpiece and a great blend of hand painted and  computer animation (people will say it was all hand done, but it isn't).   The scenery is simply breathtaking, and the plot is just so great.  This  movie really makes you think and re-examine your beliefs on life, it can  make everyone think &quot;Well I never really thought of that&quot; on at  least one point in life.  This movie has almost become my bible.<br /> For  all of you who think &quot;Oh, it's a cartoon it must be bad&quot; I say:  it's not a cartoon, it's ANIMATION.  And for all of those who think that  anime is like DBZ/Akira/Gundam, you would be surprised just how wonderful  this movie really is.
B0000029DD|5.0|I was walking through my local record store, three months after the artist who recorded this album tragically died. Having seen his obituary in Vox magazine, I chanced upon buying it, and since then my life has erupted into  a whirlwind of emotions, a kaleidoscope of colours, like Jackson Pollock  directing my life story. I am a musician, only young, but after hearing  Grace I knew I had to do better. From the opening hummed notes of the  beautiful Mojo Pin, to the epic closer of Dream Brother, almost mantra-ish  in it's evocation of REM sleep, this album is genius. My second favourite  album of all time, Grace just improves with every listen, and I listen to  it nearly every day, and have done for the last three years. Now I know  that half produced albums with fillers are just not good enough. The warmth  from Bucley's incredible voice joins these eclectic songs together and  binds them as a whole. From rock in Eternal Life, to the soft, midnight  tones of Lilac Wine, this LP is perfection. Many people dislike Corpus  Christi Carol, but listen to the voice, and see it fits perfectly.<br />Since  this record was my introduction to Jeff, I have bought everything I can get  my hands on with his voice or guitar on it. I find myself spending the  wages earnt on a twelve hour shift at my local cinema on an import  Australian edition of a radio station's live album, just for a rare live  version of So Real. This album is simply fantastic.
0380804557|5.0|I loved this book, but I won't kid you--I didn't think it was as good as _Neverwhere_.  This does not mean that it doesn't deserve five stars, because it was a five-star-read.  It just doesn't sparkle as much as  Gaiman's first novel.  I think one of the reviewers here mentioned that  this novel was written for young adults, which might explain why reading  this novel reminded me of reading Clive Barker's _The Thief of Always_.  Something about the tone of these two works is very similar; I can't quite  place my finger on what that similarity is, though. I did find the story to  be a bit too obvious at some points, but it was well-told at all points,  which more than makes up for it.  I would have liked a bit more development  of the brothers competing for the Stronghold; they disappeared before I was  done with them.  It would have been interesting to see their reactions to  the story's final developments.  All-in all, I was *very* satisfied with  the novel.  It was an exellent choice for the plane trip from Dallas to  Savannah.  Except for the strange looks I got from the other passengers  every time I laughed out loud.
0800128052|5.0|I just finished watching &quot;Rudy&quot; on cable for about the fifth time, and came here to order a copy for myself.  I'm totally not interested in football or Notre Dame. I didn't hear anything about this movie when it  came out. None of the actors in this film had ever drawn considerable  attention to their work from my perspective. But, and this is a BIG but, I  think this is one of the finest films ever made because it reminds all of  us of something important. Without overtly drawing our attention to Rudy  and his problems, we're allowed to experience them firsthand and understand  at the end of the film that it's not the achievement of the goal that is  the payoff, but the journey along the way that makes the difference. Thanks  Rudy for reminding us.....
B0000025H4|5.0|This cd is much better than Priest Live and Live 98 Meltdown combined. The sound is much better than on the later live Priest releases. Although tracks like Dissident Aggressor, Beyond the Realms of Death and Hell Bent  for Leather should have been on this cd, it's still great(the Japanese  version containes 4 more tracks, and Hell Bent for Leather is one of  them).This is the first metal live album, and it's also the best one! Every  song is better than the studio one. I sudgest that if you don't have this  record, buy it it the next chance you get. Satisfaction garanteed!  This cd  is very enjoyable and rocks hard from Exciter to Tyrant. Get this  cd! And defend the faith!
B000001EC1|3.0|When Bon Jovi lets loose a larger-than-life power ballad, it usually doesn't fall too badly.  Richie Sambora's fluid guitar work and expert (if slick) production values tend to make these acceptable.<br />So we have  several songs here dripping with hookery:  &quot;Livin' on a Prayer&quot;,  the band's biggest hit, a big anthem with killer melodic progressions;  semi-novelty cowboy tune &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot;, featuring that  immortal Sambora riff on acoustic guitar; &quot;Blaze of Glory&quot;, the  ballad that's really Jon Bon Jovi solo with a guest appearance by Jeff  Beck; and &quot;I'll Be There for You&quot;, a teenager's-swoon kind of  romantic ballad with good sonics if incredibly juvenile lyrics.  Too bad  this collection omits the best and most sexual song from New Jersey,  &quot;Living in Sin&quot;, one of the band's best power ballads.<br />Now onto  the losers:  &quot;Keep the Faith&quot;, which tried to reinvent the band  but ended up sounding just humiliating; &quot;Always&quot; is when Bon Jovi  remembers the &quot;ballad&quot; but forgets the &quot;power&quot;, leaving  Sambora and the band on auto-pilot, with Jon Bon Jovi's voice not nearly  good enough to carry such a somnambulant song; &quot;Lay Your Hands on  Me&quot;, brainless to the point of ridicule; &quot;Bed of Roses&quot;,  which started the band's hyper-irritating run of &quot;soft&quot; '90s  singles; and the band's worst pair of #1 hits, &quot;You Give Love a Bad  Name&quot; and &quot;Bad Medicine&quot;, extremely poorly written party  animals with bad lyrics that are neither catchy nor meaningful, melodies  that crawl on their belly, and gung-ho metal arrangements with no  shadings.<br />Aside from the exclusion of &quot;Living in Sin&quot;, this is  about the one Bon Jovi release where you'll get the fewest duds.   Definitely worth it if you want the hits, instead of buying the whole  catalogue, 60% of which is garbage.
B00000HZFH|4.0|Alright, Built to Spill. . .just really really good.  The music is melodic enough to please your id, yet innovative enough and left of center enough to soothe that naggin &quot;I'm not mainstream!&quot; part of your  superego. And the lyrics. . .ah, the lyrics. I don't know if gibberish has  ever had so much heartfelt sentiment behind it. If you like. . .anything,  really, then this record will probably strike a nerve with you. And pay  attention to the lyrics on track 3. . you'll dig 'em.
B000002OMN|2.0|Don't even read the lyric sheets.  Just read the titles.  &quot;Life Is a Lemon and I Want My Money Back&quot;, &quot;Objects in the Rear View Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are&quot;, &quot;Good Girls Go to Heaven (Bad  Girls Go Everywhere)&quot;, &quot;I'd Do Anything for Love (But I Won't Do  That)&quot;.  It all sounds like a bad joke, and I for one have never bowed  to the concept of &quot;bad is good&quot;.  In the case of Jim Steinman and  his fungus-covered bag of awful songwriting tricks, bad is bad and nothing  else.<br />Well, to backtrack a little, bad in this case is also  &quot;big&quot;.  The arrangements and production on this album are about  as unabashedly big as on the original Bat out of Hell, and Meat Loaf's  voice remains robust, though thanks to the inept songwriting, Meat Loaf  once again finds himself using that grand voice to express worse than  nothing.  And with all these overlong tracks, the only unqualified pleasure  I found was in &quot;Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through&quot;, thanks to a  great-sounding backing-vocal section, a less awful Steinman lyric than  usual, and good arrangements.  &quot;I'd Do Anything for Love&quot;, the  brain-dead lyrics aside, offers some moments of catchiness (hindered by the  hookless lyric) until Ellen Foley comes in with that second vocal to ruin  the sense of romantic wonder that Meat Loaf managed to conjure out of the  rest of the song.  And, astonishingly, Steinman's lyric deteriorates even  more at this point into supra-awkward phrasings, lyrics that must be  Steinman's idea of poetry, completely amateurish and ugly to the ear.  So  when this song is over, all that's left of it is the Michael Bay-directed  music video, a nicely photographed extravaganza drawing from Beauty and the  Beast and Phantom of the Opera.<br />Steinman should just stop writing.  It's  time his carcass of a songwriting instinct was severed from Meat Loaf.  You  can have a good strong vocalist like Marvin Lee Aday and acrack band with  E Street Band's Roy Bittan in it, but if the material stinks -- and here it  does -- it's to no avail.
B00000DFRS|3.0|you listen to its not right but its ok on the radio it has a fast dance beat but on the cd it is like a music box for a beat buy a music box at a carnival it is cheaper
B000002LRX|5.0|Faith No More isn't Faith No More if it plays by the rules, so as a follow-up to the platinum hit The Real Thing, the band cooks up this minor art-rock classic, whose song topics and music are about as difficult as  they come.  It's not even fair to categorize Faith No More as alternative  rock -- the term is too mainstream for *this* band.<br />&quot;Midlife  Crisis&quot; is the closest thing on this record to a  &quot;normal&quot;-sounding song, normal being a relative term in Faith No  More-land.  A funky bassline, a menacing low-register verse rap, grand  guitars and keyboards, and a twistily catchy chorus with Patton's voice  weaving in and out.  &quot;A Small Victory&quot; is strange, the melodic  keyboard strains at times almost reminding me of Berlin's &quot;Take My  Breath Away&quot; (? ), &quot;R.V.&quot; is an absolutely weird  piano-based song, sounding like a jester thumbing his nose at you, and the  end track, the &quot;Theme from Midnight Cowboy&quot;, comes out of  nowhere, in character with the rest of the album.<br />There are fewer moments  of sheer exhilaration and instantly appealing songcraft on Angel Dust than  on its predecessor, The Real Thing.  But Angel Dust is still one of those  albums you can never finish exploring, and come back to time after time.
6304712936|1.0|We were born mediocre, and here comes Salieri to try and make it beautiful.  How preposterous!<br />No, Salieri, Saint of the Mediocre, the man who not only tries to be great and fails miserably -- but must also  continuously be in the company of Mozart's greatness.  I cannot think of a  more cruel act one human can enforce upon another than for an established  retailer to offer this movie to your naive and happily eager eyes.  Okay,  maybe one.<br />But this is not entertainment.  How entertaining can it be  (and please feel free to tell me if I'm missing something here!) to watch  the tragic state of humanity -- self awareness of our own failure and  weakness and lack of true self-expression.  No, even worse than that -- but  give a select few freedom from these curses and then give them all the  spotlight so we my gnash our teeth and cry in our sleep!<br />I would rather  be locked in a room with no food, tapped incessantly on the forehead with a  drop of water, crushed between the cushins of a coffin six feet underground  while I ran out of breath, than forced to watch this movie that traps me in  my own feeling of self-unworth.<br />Please, do not buy this movie,  movie-goer, unless you have nothing left to lose.  Or if you happen to be a  genius.  Or if you happen to like Mozart.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I remember the first time I decided to delve into Bruce Springsteen's catalogue...in 1997.  Faced with over a dozen albums, about seven or eight of which are considered classics, I froze up.  With no comprehensive boxed set to choose from, where do you start?  Greatest Hits was what I settled on at the end, but as many have mentioned, one CD (even one containing nearly 20 songs as Greatest Hits does) barely even scratches the surface of Springsteen's artistry.  So Tracks seems a lot more satisfying, even if his most well known songs aren't there.  But the one thing Springsteen is unparalleled at is the ability to transcend, to make every detail matter, and his infectious rock and roll spirit comes through even on these outtakes. And Springsteen is such a good writer that an artist with lower standards would have released them on about eight different official albums by now.  As it stands, Tracks remains a much more detailed look at The Boss' evolution as an artist -- from the hyper-verbose, slightly awkward early years of Dylanesque folk to his rebirth as a fiery rock avatar starting with Born to Run, to his more introspective work in the '90s.  And a slew of songs here could well have been Springsteen classics on their own: The beautifully romantic \\"Janey Don't You Lose Heart\\", the ferocious rocker \\"Roulette\\", the gorgeous narrative \\"Gave It a Name\\", and the haunting, original \\"rockabilly\\" version (the original, apparently) of \\"Born in the U.S.A.\\", which I think is far superior version, and one that can't be misunderstood as a patriotic anthem the way the official version of \\"Born in the U.S.A.\\" was.  Springsteen is the consummate rock and roll crusader and always a joy to hear.
B00004BZ16|4.0|The Clash's Sandinista is very close to being a perfect album. The Clash overshot, however, and came out with a very good album, but not incredible. The Clash's first album, simply titled The Clash, is, in my opinion, their  best album. It is easily the greatest punk album of all time. Their second  album, Give 'Em Enough Rope is very close to the first one in many ways,  but also different. You have to listen to them to know what I mean. Anyway,  their second album is also excellent. Their third album, London Calling,  speaks for itself. It is a classic punk album, and pretty equal with their  first album. Sandinista should and could have been another London Calling.  It has the potential, but the Clash tried to do wat too much. All the  songs, except a few, are good. Only about half of the songs, however are  great. Instead of 36 songs, it would have been incredible as a 17 or 18  song album. This is just my opinion, but I think others will agree. The  very best songs on the album are The Magnificent Seven, Hitsville UK,  Somebody Got Murdered, Something About England, Lightning Strikes, Up In  Heaven, Police On My Back, The Call Up, Washington Bullets and Charlie  Don't Surf. If you took these 10 songs plus some of the other good ones,  you would have a perfect album. I would recomend buying the Clash and  London Calling, and then get Give 'Em Enough Rope and Sandinista. Combat  Rock and Cut The Crap fall short of all four.
B0000025BL|3.0|Meat Loaf is a pretty good singer with a hyper sense of melodrama.  Too bad the songs almost never live up to the bigness of the voice and arrangements, but Bat out of Hell remains a guilty pleasure.<br />The problem  is always Jim Steinman's songwriting.  Though he writes some good melodies,  Steinman is one of the worst lyricists in the history of rock.  &quot;But  there ain't no Coupe de Ville hidin' at the bottom of the crackerjack  box&quot;?   This problem is somewhat alleviated by performances filled  with gusto, and Todd Rundgren's slam-bang production.  Bat out of Hell is a  sonic marvel, the bigness of the guitars and vocals matching the largesse  of Meat Loaf's musical direction.<br />Thanks to Steinman's lyrics the  sentiments are expressed in the most cement-headed ways imaginable.  But  just for the adrenaline and the impressive sonics, not to mention its  historical significance (its baffling longetivity, sales nearing the 20  million mark domestically), add Bat out of Hell to your collection.
6300274268|5.0|he is a great video that's never i seen a video like it
B000001FYL|3.0|Jon Bon Jovi's singing is remarkably limited, a macho growl with terrible enunciation.  His lyrics are an uneasy mix of rock cliches and occasional moments of nice phrasing.  And his old band, Bon Jovi, sports a catalogue  that mixes classic fist-pumping rockers, catchy power ballads, and some  extremely embarrassing, cartoonish party anthems.<br />But I still have a soft  spot for this, Jon Bon Jovi's first solo project.  &quot;Blaze of  Glory&quot; mixes a nice guitar lick with an unabashedly big chorus and  sentiments, &quot;Miracle&quot; is nicely uplifting, &quot;Bang Your  Drum&quot; is a pretty good ode to heroism and legend, &quot;Santa Fe&quot;  is almost elegiac and a solid stadium rocker with good orchestration by  Alan Silvestri (who scored Young Guns II), and &quot;Blood Money&quot;  strips Bon Jovi of his usual excesses to deliver a catchy little  ditty.<br />Bon Jovi's cocky singing tends to damage the listenability of the  songs, but damned if I don't keep playing this album.  It's like spaghetti  Westerns -- embarrassing in a way, sure, but still enjoyable.
0380973464|5.0|This is one of my top 5 books I've ever read; and that is in spite of some of the problems other reviewers have alluded to.
B000002J0B|5.0|Houses of the Holy is one of my favorite Led Zeppelin Albums close behind Led Zeppelin II. There is nothing on this album not to like. The Song Remains the Same is great. The Rain Song is one of those special Zeppelin  songs.  Over The Hills and Far Away leads in with a slow intro and then  gets your head banging. The Crunge is pure headbanging. Dancing Days is a  song that you can't not love.  D'yer Make'er a Reggae song will make you  laugh at first but you will fall in love with it. No Quarter and The Ocean  round out this album and are great songs.
630575067X|4.0|George Lucas lives up to all of the wild expectations with the &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot;, and has me counting down the days until the release of episode ii.   The only thing that kept me from giving the movie 5 stars  was some of the silly humor.  Also, I thought John Williams' score was  exceptional - a highlight of the movie for me - I would highly recommend  the CD.  Speaking of the music - for those of you with keen hearing, listen  carefully to the very end when the last of the credits are rolling - you'll  hear an ominous yet familiar sound. . . .
0671042858|3.0|The girl who loved Tom Gordon by Stephen King was interesting because it kept the reader glued to it. Situations that Trisha got in resulted in more bad things to endanger her health. A good example from the book is,&quot;The rest of her face was as bad or even worst. Lumpy where she had  been stung, merely swollen where mosquitoes in their hundreds had had at  her while she was sleeping.&quot; It was eerie and almost real in some  chapters. King did a great job making it sound life-like and scary. This is  another great example,&quot;But the black-clad arms rose...the claws that  had left the marks on the trees, the claws that had torn off the deer's  head and then ripped its body apart.&quot; But King also put in his  writing; baseball talk. Tom Gordon was Trisha's favorite baseball player  and she listened to his games on her walkman. She imagined that he was  walking with her at all times and that he was protecting her throughout her  time in the wilderness. Here is an example,&quot;Well, the Red Sox have got  their work cut out for them,&quot;Troop remarked. &quot;They're down seven  to one in the bottom of the forth and Andy Pettitte is twirling a  gem.&quot; This novel had a lot of special events in it that made the book  hard to put down. I highly recomend this book to anyone that is a Stephen  King fan.
B000002KHY|4.0|Although compiled as a &quot;quickie&quot; compilation upon JT's departure from the label in 1976, _Greatest Hits_ serves as a great sampler of his music.<br />Everything you want is here.  &quot;Sweet Baby James&quot; and  &quot;Fire and Rain&quot; are just incredible while &quot;Mexico&quot;  supplies some easy fun.  Also, &quot;Country Road&quot; is a keeper  (especially after you've listened to it driving down the highway alone in  the middle of the night).  The only downside to this otherwise outstanding  collection is that the original Apple recordings of &quot;Carolina in My  Mind&quot; and &quot;Something in the Way She Moves&quot; were replaced  with relatively weak 1976 remakes.<br />Overall, a great collection!  Get this  along with _Sweet Baby James_ and _JT_ and you have the best of James  Taylor at your fingertips!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I know my music, and I sing music, and I beleive this is turely a work of art. The only flaw I see, is that there wheren't many fast songs, but the slow songs where meaningful and all in all exellent. &quot; Chained To  You&quot; and &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; are great songs that just make you  feel better after hearing them. It's the kind of CD you can listen to for  anytime, any feeling, constantly. I mean you just never get ick of these  Austrailian guys! Darren and David make a great team. Keep up the good  work!
B00004STPT|5.0|Hans Zimmer provides us with a score that is classically epic on the one hand, with obvious elusions to Holst's &quot;The Planets&quot;, while providing fresh orchestral and choral passages on the other hand.  Film  score fans, and Zimmer fans in particular, will recognize elements of  &quot;Beyond Rangoon&quot; and &quot;Crimson  Tide&quot;/&quot;Backdraft&quot; but only two of the cues stretch into the  nine plus minute range of which Zimmer is fond.  Lisa Gerrard contributes a  significant degree of &quot;lighter&quot; and more pensive relief to what  might have been a terminally dark and overpowering score.  All in all, this  score highly exemplifies the growth and talent of these film composers.  If  you like big and heavy music tempered with just the right touch of lighter  fare without becoming overly emotional then this one comes highly  recommended.
B00000269G|5.0|This &quot;Concert By The Sea&quot; recording is a rare work in musical genius - it could never have been rehursed.  There are rythemic and harmonal patterns that exceed Bach or even Beethoven's works for piano.   This album is Garner's raw pulp in talent.  Even if scored, the touch and  timeing could not be reproduced.  Garner may have been autistic with music  his singular, remarkable gift.
6305750750|2.0|So where have we seen this before?  A journey to another planet, a desperate battle on the planet surface that can only be won when a good guy does the impossible in a fighter high above the planet. Good guys win.  The  end.<br />Three out of four Star Wars movie have had this same basic plot -  only Empire was different.<br />Excellent visual effects.  Flat acting from  all but Liam Neeson.<br />Hey, George!  Get a new storyline!   The old one is  worn out and special effects can't save it anymore.
6305807086|5.0|&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; can only be classified as simply an incredible movie.<br />I can't imagine anyone feeling lukewarm about this movie, you'll either love it or hate it (and I've yet to meet anyone who  falls into the latter category), but even if you are somehow repelled by  it, you can't help but appreciate the creative intensity that oozes out of  every single frame.<br />And not only is the story wonderful, every one of the  performances is incredible.  So subtle that the actors themselves disappear  into the fabric of the movie (you'll hear many people say that they didn't  even realize that Cameron Diaz or John Cusack was in the  movie).<br />&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is definitely not for everyone  (and definitely not for the kids), but I can't think that anyone could come  away from it without a deep appreciation for the boundless creativity it  exhibits or the courage of the writers, actors, and director (not to  mention the studio) in giving their hearts and souls to a movie that can't  be described in a one sentence blurb, or even a paragraph for that  matter!<br />&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; shouldn't be missed, and if you  have already seen it, it's worth another look.
B000023X9W|2.0|I loved Harvest &amp; Harvest Moon.  Bought Neil's new CD with the hope of more of these type of projects.  Not a lot of new &quot;old&quot; guys out there. It is a flat CD because there are not strong melody's or exciting  musical points here. It's sort of like he picked up his guitar and sang  some melody's with some good lyrics. I like Neil's work, but this CD just  doesn't get off the ground.  After The Gold Rush is really his best!
6302969352|5.0|Once in a while a movie comes along of such pure genius that it sets the standard for everything in its genre that comes after it; &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot; is one of them.  The plot is simple enough; a small Japanese village in the 16th century is periodically pillaged by a roving gang of  brigands and hires seven samurai for protection.  If this seems similar to  &quot;The Magnificent Seven&quot;, it is; the &quot;Mag Seven&quot; was a  direct [remake] of &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot;, and a much inferior film.  Kurosawa got everything right in this movie.  The acting, the  cinematography, and above all, the directing, are absolutely perfect.  Toshiro Mifune was never better than in his portrayal of Kikuchiyo, the  wannabe samurai who despises his farm roots.  Takashi Shimura is strong and  sympathetic as Kambei Shimada, the aging samurai who recruits the other  six, Yoshio Tsuchiya is excellent as Rikichi, the village peasant who has  his own reasons for wanting revenge on the brigands, and Seiji Miyaguchi  gives a fascinating performance as Kyuzo, the expert swordsman whose one  interest is perfecting his skill as a killing machine.  The climactic  battle, shot in a torrential downpour, is like nothing I have ever seen on  film.  The word &quot;awesome&quot; seems inadequate in attempting to  describe the total experience of &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot;.  It's among  the ten best films ever produced in any country in the history of  film-making.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album is brilliant! It was the only album I listened to on a 7 hour flight to the USA. Most people are going out and buying this album because they liked &quot;All the small things&quot;. This is definitly not the best  track on this CD.1-8 are the best tracks, my personal favorites are  &quot;Dumpweed&quot; and &quot;Eliens&quot; exist. Buy this album its  great!
B00003CXBK|5.0|It's a shame that so many people are calling this a great anime movie.  It's a great movie, period (regardless of the genre).  The characters and plot are complex, interesting and believable.  In this story there are no  good guys fighting evil, there are only people (and animal spirits) trying  to do their best in a far from simple world.  This movie was gripping,  moving and inspiring.  Really an amazing piece that everyone should see.
6303148352|5.0|the character develpoment is a problem , yet the overall experiance is quite entertaining. the focus of the book is almost negelgeted in the move. As with all Critian books, this book greatly focused on a complicated field  in math, the chaos therory. the book focused on the chaos in micro  situations, yet the movie faild to do this. yet it was better than the  second movie, which was suposed to deal with interspeice relations. the  movie was still good, unlike the second which had a little girl kill a  V.raptor with gymnastics. whats that? that just made the movie stink, along  with the trex in the city; which was not in the book because it had nothing  to do with interspecie relations! if the book was followed, it would be  better; and more complicated:)
B00003CXDU|5.0|This is one those exceptionally rare modern day movies that uses leading edge visual effects in service of a wonderfully rich and engaging story.<br />This is definitely not an effects movie (although the effects,  done by ILM, are on par with the best of the best), but a movie driven by a  simple story told exceptionally well.  The characters are developed over  time, using subtle cues, and by the end of the movie you can't help but  care what happens to them, even the ensign!<br />As the Amazon.com review  notes, you don't have to be a fan of Star Trek to enjoy this movie, and  having seen it with people who are not Trekkies by any stretch of the  imagination, yet enjoyed it immensely, I can personally attest to this.   The only thing you need is a sense of humor.<br />Also, as someone who is not  a big fan of Tim Allen, I can say that he was wonderful in this movie, as  was the rest of the cast.  Tony Shalhoub is simply hilarious in a fairly  minor role, and Sigourney Weaver shows us that she has a future in  comedy.<br />This movie would make a great gift for any Trek fans or a great  addition to your library of comedies.  It would also be great as a  background movie to play at parties since it will elicit laughs no matter  where in the story a viewer gets involved.  Also, it's definitely  appropriate for the kids (they probably won't understand some of the more  subtle humor, but there's plenty to keep them interested).
0425170349|4.0|Rainbow Six by Tom Clancy is an exiting, thrilling book because there is a great deal of action, there are many thrilling fights and brawls, and there are many dangerous situations with bombs, guns, and firearms.One of the dangerous situations was when one of &quot;the banks glass doors opened and  a man in civilian clothes dragged a body onto the sidewalk. It seemed to be  a man but his head was a red mess.&quot; A place in the book that had  action was when &quot;they heard a loud metallic crash that shook the whole  world.&quot; A good fight was when &quot;the phisician reacted by dropping  away from the gunman   behind him with his hands over his head.&quot; In  conclusion the book held my attention and was an action packed thrilling  book with fights and many dangerous situations. The book also taught me all  about terrorist attacks and how they are handled.
6300182282|5.0|I saw this movie recently for the first time, and I'd heard &quot;The Last Time I Felt Like This&quot; before that.  Seeing Alda and Burstyn act out the trials and tribulations of a passionate couple torn by their infidelity  added a new depth to the music as it played into the backdrop of their  affair.  The movie, and it's premise, made me think deeply about life and  what it's like to find the one person you need at any cost.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album is brilliant! It was the only album I listened to on a 7 hour flight to the USA. Most people are going out and buying this album because they liked &quot;All the small things&quot;. This is definitly not the best  track on this CD.1-8 are the best tracks, my personal favorites are  &quot;Dumpweed&quot; and &quot;Eliens&quot; exist. Buy this album its  great!
B00003CXC7|5.0|One of Hitchcock's best; he often made us feel as though we were spying on people in his films (like in &quot;Psycho,&quot; &quot;Strangers on a Train&quot;) but this one was probably his most obvious attempt to cash in  on the natural craving of human beings to want to know other people's  business (&quot;get the dirt on them,&quot; so to speak).  Jimmy Stewart  plays L.B. Jeffries, a photographer who is laid up in his apartment with a  broken leg.  Out of boredom, he spends his days and nights staring out of  his apartment window into the rooms of other tenants across from him.  One  night, he hears some strange goings-on in the apartment directly across  from his; little by little, he begins to suspect that the man who lives  across from him (played by Raymond Burr) has murdered his wife.  Able to  withstand multiple viewings, unlike many murder mysteries, particularly  because of the standout performance of Thelma Ritter, as Stewart's  wisecracking comic-relief nurse Stella, who starts out disapproving of his  spying but later becomes just as curious as he does about what is  happening.  There's a touch of Hitch in Ritter's character - she  demonstrates perfectly the macabre sense of humor that Hitchcock tried to  inject a little bit of in all his films and in his TV show (her comments  about how she thinks Burr did it will keep you laughing throughout). Grace  Kelly is  very good as Stewart's girlfriend, who also gets in on the  voyeurism game and almost goes too far (in one of the most suspenseful  scenes in the picture - you'll be biting your nails the first time you see  it).  It's interesting how (in keeping with the theme of voyeurism) the  activities of all the apartment house tenants center on either sex or  death, the two great taboos which human beings naturally shy away from  discussing openly.  Definitely worth the price of the DVD - highly  recommended for purchase.
0440217563|5.0|After finding out that Jamie survived the battle of Culloden, Claire makes the heartwrenching decision to leave her grown up daughter, Brianna behind in the present, and after a hilarious scene at a shop that sells period costumes, Claire finds her way back to the stones of Craigh na Dun and  Jamie, who lives under various guises as merchant, printer and smuggler<br />Their reunion is passionate but not peaceful for long. Jamie and  Claire's efforts to save his nephew, Ian take them to the West Indies where  they meet Geillis Duncan, the time traveller from Outlander, who not only  holds the boy hostage for her own sinister purposes, but who also threatens  Brianna all the way in the twentieth century. Their final escape hurls them  into a storm that nearly kills them all, but lands them in a new world -  together.<br />Throughout the many twists, turns and revelations of incidents  past, we never doubt Jamie. Not when he is constantly thrown from one  danger to another, not even when he warns Claire that she might not want  the man he has become. Her answer is our own, and her implicit trust in him  is truly justified as he tries to explain every circumstance that fate has  thrown at him. But he has changed. He has been forced by blackmail and  loneliness into a loveless marriage with one woman and to father a son on  another. These relationships will be explored in further installments of  the series.<br />Claire has been dealt a rough hand in some ways, and she has  also become tougher during the twenty years of separation from Jamie. Her  profession of surgeon serves her well in this book and her decades of  loneliness in the 20th century, while remembering the love she shared with  Jamie, only strengthen that love when they rediscover each other and she  sees how very much he has changed. Claire clings to the chance of happiness  she knows she is lucky to have, even if it means leaving behind her beloved  daughter.<br />The scene where Claire shows Jamie photographs of his daughter  Brianna, taken at many stages in her life, is heartbreakingly tender with  the pain of what could have been. Claire and Jamie do not dwell on this,  but instead face each new challenge together. Old friends and nemeses are  back, each of them adding their own piece of the puzzle to this intricate  story, but Jamie and Claire are, again, the center of it all. We know them  now and we cheer for each victory and despair at each cruel twist of fate.<br />In the end, the theme of Voyager is one of tremulous hope. Hope, because  this is a new beginning for Claire and Jamie. After all their  misunderstandings and disagreements have been dealt with, they find  themselves on a new continent which represents their new chance at a life  together. Tremulous because, let's face it, this is a Gabaldon novel, and  we have not only Drums of Autumn after this installment, but two, or  perhaps three more books. In any case, Voyager is a well-crafted work, not  overwhelmed by the carefully detailed research that has gone into it, but  supported by it.hotographs of his daughter  Brianna, taken at many stages in her life, is heartbreakingly tender with  the pain of what could have been. Claire and Jamie do not dwell on this,  but instead face each new challenge together. Old friends and nemeses are  back, each of them adding their own piece of the puzzle to this intricate  story, but Jamie and Claire are, again, the center of it all. We know them  now and we cheer for each victory and despair at each cruel twist of fate.  <br />In the end, the theme of Voyager is one of tremulous hope. Hope, because  this is a new beginning for Claire and Jamie. After all their  misunderstandings and disagreements have been dealt with, they find  themselves on a new continent which represents their new chance at a life  together. Tremulous because, let's face it, this is a Gabaldon novel, and  we have not only Drums of Autumn after this installment, but two, or  perhaps three more books. In any case, Voyager is a well-crafted work, not  overwhelmed by the carefully detailed research that has gone into it, but  supported by it.
B00003CWRX|5.0|The acting in this film is amazing. Al Pacino, Christopher Plummer, and especially Russel Crowe do a terrific job in their characters. Michael Mann put together a fantastic movie. There are also some good cameos from Debi  Mazar and Gina Gershon. Don't ask any question, just go and see it.
B00004SVIK|5.0|If you are wondering whether to buy the limited edition or normal edition, you might consider the fact that the limited edition is PACKED with beautiful pictures, blueprints of the stage, interviews, and drawings.  IT  RULES!
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica Is wonderful on this. I think It has all of there best songs on it. Unlike other metal bands Mettallica's lyrics mean something (The unforgiven)A great c.d and what I still think is there best work.
0792844793|4.0|Blue Velvet!  While there is not much in extras on it, i am glad to see another lynch movie on dvd finally. the one extra besides the interactive menus is a theatre trailer. not a very sharp transfer, but better than  nothing. now to the movie...first off it is presented in its beautiful 2.35  x 1 ratio. it had been hard to watch the film in standard knowing the  original ratio was letterbox. the transfer looks great!  colors are sharp  and contrast well through out the film. no screen shake or digital pops,  and a film (non digital) feel at times. the sound is pretty good to, which  is always important with lynch films. good surround effects, that were  mixed and delayd well. On a 1-5 rating scale, five being the best, i give  the disc an overall rating of 4. on picture: 4, sound: 3, extras: 1, and on  the film itself a 5! A great piece of filmaking art only Lynch can bring  us. Man i wish this dvd had i commentary!  now i will focus my prayers on  that rumered Eraserhead criterion collection dvd project. if anybody else  has any comments i would love to hear what you think! <br />&quot;In Heaven  everything is fine, you got your good things, and I got mine.&quot;
B00000JGOH|5.0|Okay, and why is Joseph Fiennes not nominated?  Sheesh!  Gwyneth was good, but let's face it, Joe is great as well.<br />The realities of arranged marriage interfere with the greatest love Will and Viola have  known, and yet the ending leaves you smiling.  Judi rocks, too!
B00004SVIK|4.0|&quot;Is There Anybody Out There&quot; is a excellent Floyd recording. At first, I was skeptical if this live release could do justice to the mythical reputation that the original live &quot;Wall&quot; shows have  gained over the years.  The first listen didn't strike me as anything  special, but then I cranked up my stereo for the second listen, and that's  when I realized that this recording is meant to be played LOUD, as loud as  you can get it.  The studio version of the &quot;The Wall&quot; was such a  detailed, meticulous recording; trying to totally duplicate that sound in a  live setting would have been impossible.  Instead, the band turns up the  volume and the bombast.  <br />The power of songs like &quot;In the  Flesh&quot; and &quot;Run like Hell&quot; is increased ten-fold in this  concert setting.  &quot;Mother&quot; becomes a stirring, emotional epic,  reaching heights that were only hinted at on the studio album.   The  &quot;Another Brick in the Wall Part 1/ Happiest Days of Our Lives &quot;  and &quot;Empty Spaces/What Shall We Do Now&quot; medleys achieve new  levels of creepiness.   And Roger Waters' maniacal spoken introduction to  &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; is at once both hilarious and scary.<br />Much has  been made of Roger Water's dominance in the writing and recording of  &quot;The Wall.&quot;  He has even said that it is probably his greatest  accomplishment, to which I agree.  But, &quot;The Wall&quot; performances  would not have been the same without the other members of Pink Floyd.  Even  with other musicians backing them up, these performances are tight and  unified-all four band members, regardless of what they contributed in the  studio, shine brightly.  <br />The sound quality is excellent, considering the  age of the tapes. The sound isn't as crystal clear as &quot;Pulse,&quot;  and there are some flaws (many have picked up on the buzzing noise during  Mother), but they are insignificant.  The limited edition is the definitive  version; the book that accompanies the CDs is gorgeous- definitely worth  the extra dough.<br />Despite all the positive qualities of &quot;ITAOT,&quot;  it should be said that this live recording doesn't replace the studio  version.  A budding Floyd fanatic should start with the original to get  their first taste of &quot;The Wall.&quot;  For the rest of us,  &quot;ITAOT&quot; will do nicely for now.  BUT...if Pink Floyd isn't going to  release new albums with any regularity (nothing against them...I mean, who  can blame them for being a little lazy at this point), perhaps they can dig  up some more live recordings from the vaults.  The &quot;Animals&quot;  tour, a full performance of &quot;Dark Side&quot; from the early '70s, a  live version of &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot;...maybe even an official live  release from the Syd Barrett days!  I'm sure they have them lying aroung  somewhere...will they ever see the light of day?
B0000024Z7|5.0|When Santana burst upon the scene, he startled and delighted us with his unique blend of Rock and Latin music forms. With this album, he delights, surprises and leaves us breathless with an album of such beauty and depth.  This recording is one you listen to from beginning to end. No track  skipping her. A wonderous sonic journey.  I found new admiration for an  artist brave enough to attempt a new direction having enjoyed tremendous  success to that point.  True highpoints are &quot;Song of the Wind&quot;  with it's samba tempo as Carlos solos beautifully and ardently, &quot;All  the Love in the Universe&quot; with it's Spanish feel and two part  harmonies. It glides in on castanets, vocals and guitars and  builds to a  burning climax and melliflously floats away. &quot;La Fuente Del  Ritmo&quot; is a latin-jazz burner. &quot;Every Step of the way&quot; takes  out at a dead run with the band backed by a symphony orchestra.  Inventive,  original, melodic. A recording of striking beauty.  Possibly the best  Santana recording ever.
6302420326|5.0|This is a controversial and challenging film about the death of the American president, John Fitzgerald Kennedy and its aftermath. Almost since the day he died in 1963, rumours have abounded to the effect that there was  a cover-up in the investigation which then began. Various notables have  interested themselves in this story over the years. Bertrand Russell wrote  a book about it after the publication of the Warren Report in 1967. Neither  he nor anyone since has had their questions taken seriously, least of all  by the American establishment. <br />Oliver Stone's film recapitulates all the  main evidence pointing to a conspiracy and does so in some detail. In the  end, we find ourselves asking just what are the limits of our belief (or  disbelief) in this matter. Could the CIA have deliberately murdered the  President on behalf of an industrial consortium who wanted war in Vietnam?  Was the Vice President involved? This is a long, involved film but worth  the time nonetheless. After all, it just may be one of the most important  stories of the twentieth century.
0679731369|2.0|I think that Barnes concentrated too much on being a clever little literary expert and that overshadowed the actual novel.  Yes, it could been a lovely story of a man overcoming a difficult time in his life, but please  enough with the clever little literary devices.  It became a trial to  finish and I was very disappointed in what had started out as a clever  idea.
6305358567|5.0|Honestly, she did a better job than Gwyneth.  How she made herself the vulnerable woman at the beginning of the movie to the monarch at the end was fascinating to watch.<br />The rest of the cast is superb; Geoffrey Rush  (just compare him to the manic character in Shakespear in Love), Chris  Eccleston, Kathy Burke (she used to be in AbFab), Sir Richard, they're all  part and parcel one this masterpiece.
6304539258|5.0|&quot;Star Wars,&quot; George Lucas's timeless masterpiece, is like visiting a place in the imagination. Watching it again is like revisiting the time when movies were supposed to be fun, adventurous and great  looking. It still stands as probably the best and most popular science  fiction film, it makes &quot;Star Trek&quot; seem like something for boring  people. &quot;Star Wars&quot; is a unique blend of action, romance,  mythology, style, technology, and just plain good old storytelling. The  characters are plain, but who cares? They live in a universe so complex  that their own complexity is something we could care less about. What's  great here is the blend of special effects and the story. Lucas fills the  screen with great visuales while still telling an exhilarating tale of good  against evil, a princess in distress, a wise old master of the Force, his  young pupil who will reach a greater peak, a space pirate and his hairy  comrade and they only care about the bounty, and a dark lord who wishes to  stop them. &quot;Star Wars&quot; never fails to entertain, looks great and  feels great from the first shot to the last. Lucas's script is pure  brilliance and imagination. Watching &quot;The Phantom Menace,&quot; you  realize &quot;Star Wars&quot; is still better. Lucas has created great  modern mythology, and an incredible blend of special effects with story.  &quot;Star Wars&quot; is still one of the greatest films of all time, an  immortal work.
B000023X9W|5.0|Silver and Gold may be Neil Youngs best &quot;mellow&quot; album to date. With sparce arrangements and lots of room to breath the listener is able to hear Mr. Young do what he does best.....write great songs.
B000002B7O|5.0|This is one of Ozzy's best albums in his carrer. By the time you get to track 7, you'll say &quot;This is an amazing album but missing a little something from Blizzard...&quot; and then comes the title track. Once the  first note of the intro riff graces your ears, you'll scream, &quot;THIS IS  THE GREATEST CD EVER!&quot;. Well maybe you won't, but it is an awesome  song! This is one of those rare CDs that you can play in it's entirety and  enjoy every second of it.
B00002DEIX|5.0|This cd takes me on a spiritual journey in sound.Each song evokes an emotional feeling,through the inspirational and melodic grooves. I hear and feel different emotions with each listen. This group is outstanding  individually, and collectively. I truly believe this body of music will  stand the test of time as a great recording.If this is an example of what's  in store from Josh, I can't wait to hear the next release. I am not going  to try to comment on the technical nuances of each song, I will just say  with each listen of this cd I am taken &quot;Beyond&quot; on a beautiful  emotional journey.
6301647734|5.0|This movie was so great.  My mom introduced me to this movie and I've liked it ever since.  It always gives me the best feeling when I watch it.  If only everyone was as nice as Elwood was. :-)
0684872153|5.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is a poignant, gripping story that reveals the the strife of poverty, but also shows us that humor and love can exist regardless of the circumstance; that all of us have the ability to look above our stations in life to what we want to be.  This is a treasure of a  book that touches the human spirit.  Everyone should read it!
0694003611|5.0|Mr. Mitchell's remarks (below) strike me as intelligent and true, but something about this book resists analysis. He's absolutely right, though, to say that cadence is crucial. Like any good lullabye, it's the rhythm of  the words, not the meaning of the words, that do the lulling. <br />Some of my  colleagues ridicule me for this, but I truly believe Goodnight Moon is a  great poem. When my brother, Henry, suffered a stroke and needed to relearn  how to speak, I brought this book into the hospital room and together we  recited Brown's verse, over and over. I can say it now in my sleep, and I  fear I sometimes do.<br />After my brother passed away I read the book aloud  at his funeral. &quot;Good night noises everywhere.&quot; <br />I hope you're  sleeping well, Henry.
0679746048|4.0|I vaguely remember a time when being institutionalized for being human was an okay thing.  I read Kaysen's &quot;diary&quot; of mental illness with interest.  We're all a little nuts somehow... I was blown away by the idea  that someone with a good deal of youth and a little naivete could be locked  up for life with no way back.  The thought that the experience would leave  one questioning their own sanity for life is a jail sentence in and of  itself. The book was very well written and sometimes outright funny. I look  forward to seeing what they've done with the movie.
0060977493|5.0|When you finish reading this book, go back and read the first chapter over again.  It will all make sense to you.  This story is told in a non-linear storyline fashion.  It is a very well written book, Ms. Roy's use of  symbolism and personification adds depth to her literature.  This is a book  for people who want to read intelligent, thought provoking literature.  The  author plays with words (i.e. Bar Nowl = Barn Owl) throughout the book.  My  book club could have discussed this novel for hours and hours.
630575067X|3.0|Okay, it is Star Wars.  Very cool.  Great effects. Cool ships.  Interesting story.<br />The tale of young Anakin has probably been told in as many different ways as there are Star Wars fans to imagine it, so no matter  what Lucas comes up with, it would be at least a bit of a letdown.  Still,  the tale of young Anakin's meeting with his mentor (and his mentor's  mentor) is a fairly solid bit of preparation for what has to be young  Anakin's coming of age in episode 2.  <br />But there have always been enough  irritants in the Star Wars series to make them as annoying as a gnat at a  picnic, and they seem to have come to a head with PM.<br />First off is  Jar-Jar (or Uncle Jar, or Steppin Jar-Jar).  This poorly designed  rastafarian alien with the pseudo Chinese accent and the barely hidden  African American phenotype is annoying at best, and downright offensive at  worst.  Maybe it's me, but the story behind Star Wars is more than enough  to engross and entertain children, there is no need for some Marketing-geek  designed character whose sole function is to sell action figures and peddle  breakfast cereals.  This abominable trend that started with the Ewoks has  got to END with Jar-Jar.<br />Next, although I am not overly offended by it, I  am becoming more distracted by Lucas' continuing appropriation and  fascination with Asian culture.  The influence of other cultures can be a  very effective tool, but using such ham-handed Asiana in what is an  &quot;alien&quot; world can be seen as a dangerous and ethnically tainted  parallelism. You don't believe the Asian influence is there?  Compare the  costumes for Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan and Darth Maul with anything seen in a  Kurosawa film.  Speaking of Maul, isn't it odd how his face looks  remarkable like a Kabuki-actor in devil make-up?  And what about the names  Qui-Gon &amp; Obi-Wan?  If you are still not convinced, just check out the  Queen Amidala outfit again.  Lucas has gone on record as naming Kurosawa as  a major influence, but the costumes, names and accents are beginning to  border on a psychpathic obsession.  Not only that, but to have so much  overt Asian incluence without including ANY Asian actors begins to just  feel funny -- especially since it is a portrayal of that &quot;alien&quot;  world.<br />Still, this is a very entertaining and enjoyable movie.  Hopefully  the next one will focus more on story and character (like the 1st one),  making all of the irritants just a little less intrusive.
B00001IVOR|5.0|wu tang got it going on!  this wu tang  cd has fresh rappers fresh lyrics and fresh beats baby!  let me tell u something only 2 people in the wu tang clan sold out, method man and odb.  great cd but wu tang 36 chambers is a  better joint.  peace.
B000003TBP|4.0|this album is somewhat overrated. Admittedly, this was the first Beck album I bought, and initially, I was amazed with the production and sudden shifts in sound within one song. it is a great dancable, catchy and  accessible party album with just enough dynamics and quirk to keep it  interesting for listens at home by yourself. However, I then went out and  bought Mutations and then backtracked to Mellow Gold and One Foot In The  Grave and eventually began comparing the three. Compared to the other two  albums, lyrically it lacks depth. On the last major album Mellow Gold, the  lyrics did have some sort of genreral coherent story to them, they just  would usually have odd ways of saying them and unique forms of imagery.  Most of the lyrics on this album are more of word collages, seeming  randomly put together ( a good example: &quot;heads are hanging from the  garbage man trees/ mouthwash jukebox gasoline&quot;). Although these  collages are interesting and amusing,  they make no sense at all, and are  by no means intended to have any sort of depth to them whatsoever. I read  somewhere that beck and the dust brothers would put together interesting  sonic collages, and then beck would listen to them, sit there for about 15  minutes writing stuff in a notebook and then be ready to lay down his  vocals. Beck has shown he is cabable of more surreal yet engaging imagery  (see &quot;soul suckin' jerk&quot;, &quot;pay no mind&quot;, or &quot;truck  driving neighbors downstairs&quot; to name a few), and is certainly capable  of more brilliantly introspective and emotional content (&quot;nobody's  fault but my own&quot;, &quot;girl dreams&quot;, etc.).  For these reasons,  although the record is fun, enjoyable, and sonically interesting, it seems  kind of disposable compared to earlier stuff. Although Beck's technical  singing ability sounds better on this album, his performance on earlier  work had more emotion to it. Another thing is that I think that Beck's  music was much more original and creative before he had all these cool  modern electronic gadgets to play with. Beck has done much more with much  less. I mean Mellow Gold was recorded for less than $500, and even featured  parts that were transferred directly from demo tape to cd, and in my  opinion it was much more groundbreakingly creative musically.   Nevertheless, this is a good, fun, enjoyable album with some really great  fun songs, and it  still warrants an occasional replay when I'm in the  mood, it's just not my favorite.
0060977493|5.0|When you finish reading this book, go back and read the first chapter over again.  It will all make sense to you.  This story is told in a non-linear storyline fashion.  It is a very well written book, Ms. Roy's use of symbolism and personification adds depth to her literature.  This is a book  for people who want to read intelligent, thought provoking literature.  The  author plays with words (i.e. Bar Nowl = Barn Owl) throughout the book.  My  book club could have discussed this novel for hours and hours.
B000002J03|5.0|This is a classic Album. But that is not to say all the songs are all  excellent. This is a case where the sum of the parts is better than the  individual parts. Many of the songs on this cd are in my favorite Led  Zeppelin Songs (Whole Lotta Love, Ramble On) but that is not the reasons  that this is the Zep album I listen to most often. I listen to it so often  because it flows from one song to another. The album holds a mystical power  over me it just works, From Hard rockers to touching ballads (What is and  What Should. .  is probaly one of the best soft songs by a Rock group). No  other Music Album flows like this one, the only ones that come close are  Floyds Dark Side of the Moon of JEfferson Airplanes Surrealistic Pillow.     Dont get me wrong, the songs are all good but its almost impossible for me  to listen to one song on the album without listening to the rest. If youve  grown tired of listening to Heartbreaker hearing the song in the context of  the album will breathe new life into it.                       Overall this  is a cd that any Music Fan needs to own because it shows what albums are  all about. Not one or two great songs, but a single majestic piece of  artwork that would not be the same if any of the songs were removed.     This Album shouldnt be one that a person buys to get to know Led Zeppelin  at first. But after listening to other better known CDs such as IV or any  of the compilations this should be purchased.  Without it your  Zeppelin--and your entire music--collection will never be complete.
B00004LN16|4.0|Yessss, this feels ... good to listen to....I'll be ... !Like any great cd, give it 3 or 4 listens to grow on you.  It getsbetter with every listen, trust me.  It has a nice bluesy ballsy sound, with that feel-good bass &amp; crunchy guitar work we all love from AC-DC.<br />This is a great cd.  I wouldn't put it at the level of Back in Black or Highway to Hell.  I would say about 75% of the songs are great, the other 25% are so-so.  Overall, its great to hear good old rock n'roll again from a band who knows it the best!
B00003CWPQ|4.0|This movie contains a lot of nudity as the movie critics have already explained. However, one thing that a particular movie critic said that I highly disagree with is was his description women in a scene where everyone  is in robes and masks. The critic said that their breasts were artificially  enhanced. Upon further review, the actresses in that scene were all  natural. The tell-tale signs of breast augmentation were not apparent. Oh  yeah, and Tom Cruise does a great acting job.
6300214028|5.0|This is one of the best films ever made.  It details the life of American Socialist Jack Reed played by Warren Beatty.  In addition it gives a great history of early socialism in America and has a great love story with the  brilliant and beutiful acrtess, Diane Keaton.  It is beatifully shot and  extremly engaging.
B00000JGOH|4.0|If you haven't read any of Shakespeare's plays, &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; is likely turn you into Shakespeare buff. If you are already one, you will enjoy it even more.<br />The movie tells us how William  Shakespeare was inspired by the muse Gwyneth Paltrow to write his classic  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;. From the beginning to the end, the film is a  sheer delight. It is extremely funny, especially if you know the text of  &quot;Romeo&quot; since some of it is used in the screenplay. Director John  Madden has managed to gather an outstanding ensemble cast whose standout is  Geoffrey Rush. Paltrow does a fine job, but she she wasn't the best actress  of the year 1998. This honor goes to Cate Blanchet.<br />&quot;Shakespeare in  Love&quot; shows us that films about historical persons needn't be dull. It  might not be on par with Milos Foreman's &quot;Amadeus&quot;, but it is  nonetheless one of the best of its kind.
0684857219|5.0|When I first began to strive for a better body, i had little to no information on the subject. Looking for a source that would prove to be reliable was a difficult task. I chose this book on the advice of a friend,  following the instructions put forth in the book I have found that I have  made some impressive gains, compared to others using a more standard method  of bodybilding. It has information that would be helpful to everyone from  those entering the sport to those looking to enter the competetion circuit.  I feel that this is an excellent guide for everyone looking to better their  bodys.
B00002DEIX|3.0|No direction or style.  Just another blowing effort by Redman.  Nothing comes close to his first two CDs, though this is an improvement over his last CD.  He has the capability to put together something more stylish and  memorable.
0792842723|5.0|First off, I enjoyed this movie very much. I am not a huge Bond fan, but I thought that Tim Dalton was terrible as Bond. He was too stiff and serious, and looked *mean* to boot. <br />I think that Brosnan made a great impression  in his first movie as James Bond, and when all is said and done, he may  even be considered as the best Bond ever. Heresy, you say? No one could  match Connery? Well, my image of Bond was always someone who was refined, a  gentleman, a great womanizer (of course), charming, good-looking, but under  all that, a highly-trained, and very lethal killer. Brosnan will take some  getting used to, but I think he is the rightful heir to the crown formerly  worn by Connery and Moore.
6304007523|5.0|...Rocky won best picture at the 1976 Academy Awards anddeservedly so.  The film is a study of a lonely man trapped in anunforgiven city who doesn't pretend who he is not.  The film is brilliantly directed by John Avildsen and backed by an emotionally charged soundtrack written by Bill Conti.  Rocky is an inspiring film rooted in one man's goals and limitations.  Balboa's character traits dominate the film.  We are uninterested if he has any siblings, parents, or friends; the focus is on Balboa's struggle for acceptance and identity within society.  The fight premise is based on former heavyweight unknown Chuck Wepner (The Bayonne Bleeder) and his bout with then heavyweight champ Muhammed Ali.  The Ali- Wepner bout lasted a suprising 15 rounds, highlighted by Wepner's dramatic knockdown of Ali in the 8th round.  Ali rose and went on to win via a decision as did Apollo Creed, but in both instances the decisions were anti-climatic.  Unknown white heavyweights are not supposed to last 15 rounds against the greatest heavyweight champs real or imagined. Rocky's struggle to reveal Adrian's fear of living brings about his own insecurities and failures.  When Balboa gets his title shot he knows that he cannot win, but reconciles that his mere courage and manhood will transcend the outcome of the fight.  The film contains poignant and introspective scenes that open up Balboa's screen presence without annoying voice-overs or histrionic flashbacks. When Balboa picks up a picture of himself as a boy, we need not know about boyhood stories, the story is parlayed in Rocky's adult face.The scene where the cantankerous Micky humbly comes to Rocky's apartment asking for redemption is emotionally draining.  When Balboa explodes and Micky exits, we have an inclination of what might happen next. The brief reconciliation between the thick necked loser and father time is shot from a distance without any audible dialogue.  This distant shot on a cold, dark, Philadelphia street needs no dialogue; it is one of the most engrossing frames in the film. Even the turtle pets in Balboa's apartment reveal his hardened surface and nonthreatening underside. Balboa may look intimidating as a collector with his black leather coat, black hat, and black cut out gloves; but his reluctance to break an overdue bettor's thumb reveals more about the man than his attire.  Balboa's revelations with Paulie, Adrian, Gazzo, and Micky are the essence of the movie.  The fight between Rocky Balboa and Apollo Creed serves as the canvas for Rocky's emotional, physical, and psychological emergence.  I had the pleasure of meeting Chuck Wepner some years ago, he is a successful liquor salesman.  Why couldn't Rocky Balboa be as lucky?  END
0312952813|4.0|The Black Ice by Michael Connelly is a very exciting, thrilling, and suspenseful book.One of the finest police procedural novels.It deals with gangsta' life in the streets with guns and drugs. Cal Moore,narcotics officer,orders were to go investigate the city's latest drug killing, but  he turns out to be the victim and the great detective Harry Bosch begins to  make some dangerous connections, starting with a dead cop and then leads to  a bloody string of murders that begins in Hollywood and ends in the dirty  south.This book has non-stop action with an exploding endind.
B000023X9W|5.0|I heard the single &quot;Razor Love&quot; on the radio driving home from work and it almost caused me to drive off the road. It is everything I love about Neil's acoustic work. It may seem simple lyrically but it cuts very  deep. He touches the heart and soul with his guitar playing and his  harmonica playing. No one else except mabye Dylan can tear into your heart  the same way just by blowing into a harmonica. I ran out and bought the CD  as soon as it was released and have been listening to it constantly. The  title song &quot;Silver and Gold&quot; and &quot;Razor Love&quot; jumped  out at me but as I listen to it more there is not one filler song in the  collection. Much like Harvest Moon and Comes a Time this CD is complete. If  you are a fan of Neil Young do yourself a favor and pick this one up. It is  a KEEPER! Keep on Rocking Neil!
B00000JCOV|5.0|these guys are the best things to ever come out of iowa they may wear stupid masks but they are a band with awesome music youd think that with 9 guys in the band theyd suck, but they dont their front man,8,is probably  the best vocalist in a metal band today he growls and screams, but hes also  pretty melodic, check out wait n bleed and spit it out theyre the best,  seeing  these guys on tattoo the world with sevendust and coal chamber is  gonna be bad
0515127485|4.0|Robert Harris has definately proved himself to be among the top writers in the business. He intriges you with facts pertaining to the setting of the story.  The information used in this book was well researched.  Fiction is  twisted in with the interesting facts of Russian history and Josef Stalin.  There are many things very pleasing in this book.  It is suspenseful,  informative, and exciting.  The suspense keeps you guessing what will  happen next throughout the book.  He uses foreshadowing with a twist to it.  Never do you know for sure what will happen next.  This book is very  informative.  It gives facts of Josef Stalin mixed with a little bit of  fiction.  He gives the readers a feel for what Russia was really like under  Josef Stalin's rule.  Throughout the book the question what-if is asked.  Excitement is another element the book has.  There is a lot of conflicts  that has you racing back and forth wondering what will happen.  Once the  climax is reached the excitement level really rises.  The action makes you  want to keep reading.  The end of the book is also great.  This is  definately a book to buy if you like excitement and mystery.
0671042858|5.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon by Stephen King is a book that isfrightening, perilous, and hits home.  &quot;The black-clad arms rosefalling away from the yellow-white claws...the claws that had left themarks on the trees, the claws that had torn off the head of the deer and ripped its body apart.&quot; That sentence is extermely frightening and full of suspense.  Perils...hinder the girl's progress in finding her way out of the woods.  It hits home because it is a perfect example of how a little girl could easily just vanish from her mother's side while walking down a seemingly harmless path. Frightening, perilous, and home hitting, The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon is all in all a great book.
6305807086|3.0|I was told by a lot of people to go see this movie, maybe it was built up too much but I was not impressed.  The film as the review above said is &quot;original&quot; but little else.  I'm not sure why it is classed as a  comedy, dramedy would be a far better description.  I was truly expecting  this film to be on a level with the other Cusak films, which ,perhaps  refreshingly to some, it is not.  The film is rather pointless and  confusing.  When I saw it in the theater about half way through people  started getting up and leaving, and to be honest I wish I had too.  By the  end I was dosing in my seat.  This is more or less an art film, and will  not hold much to people who are intrested in pure entertainment.
B00000JCOV|5.0|these guys are the best things to ever come out of iowa they may wear stupid masks but they are a band with awesome music youd think that with 9 guys in the band theyd suck, but they dont their front man,8,is probably  the best vocalist in a metal band today he growls and screams, but hes also  pretty melodic, check out wait n bleed and spit it out theyre the best,  seeing  these guys on tattoo the world with sevendust and coal chamber is  gonna be bad
B00004SVIK|5.0|Brilliant. What more can I say? Words can't do this, or ANY Pink Floyd album justice.
630575067X|4.0|A lot of 30 year olds are harping about how episode 1 was disappointing. Others say it was too directed at kids. Guess what? So were the first ones. Here are the facts:<br />1) Watch it as a 7-year old, you'll love it 2) The  characters in the first trilogy took 3 episodes to be developed. Give these  guys some time. 3) Sure, Jar Jar can be annoying, but so can 3PO. 4) The  effects are great. They are cutting edge. However, we are not surprised by  them anymore.<br />The key to enjoying this very good film is not to be  expecting to be blown away like we were in 1977. It's not perfect. It has  its flaws, but so did episodes IV-VI. But it's science fiction which tells  a story we have been thinking about for 17 years...and it's a pretty darn  good story.
0812580346|4.0|Although the basic premise of the book strains scientific credulity, I loved the focus on science and the character development that made the people in the story likeable. <br />I found it hard to put down and I had to  know how it ended.<br />One caveat, it took a little while to accept the  concept of the first &quot;Flash Forward&quot; and the effect it had  worldwide, I had trouble with the second event; Although the author used it  to make a interesting conclusion, it did not seem to have the scientific  justification supporting the rest of the story.
0425152251|5.0|I thought Sophie's World was a facinating, thought provoking book.  Not only did Sophie's World tell you about the history of philosophy, but it also causes you to think and look with more perspective and understanding.   This book causes you to think.  Often times we say that we agree with  others, but do we really?  Do we really know what we are agreeing to?
B000002NJS|5.0|I was ver hesitant to buy this CD, afraid that it would be too far out for me.  But I already like &quot;Ray of Light,&quot; &quot;Frozen,&quot; and &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot; was OK, so I went ahead and bought it.   I am SO glad I did.  It's very electric, but not so much electronica.   There's a lot of heart and guitar.  While the aforementioned are still high  up, I've grown to love &quot;The Power of Goodbye&quot; and  &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi&quot; (my first Hindu lesson).  Except for the last  two tracks, especially &quot;Mer Girl,&quot; which sounds disjointed, the  CD is beautiful and hard to tire of.
0684872153|5.0|I don't usually read this type of thing but someone loaned it to me so I thought, let's see what the fuss is all about.  It's worth the fuss.  McCourt's prose is so descriptive you can smell the atmosphere (and the dirty people). The humor comes at moments you least suspect. If I had to  complain about anything it's that it doesn't go on longer.
0804106304|5.0|&quot;The Joy Luck Club&quot; by Amy Tan is one of the best books I have ever read.  It's everything that a great novel should be.  The stories of the 4 mothers and their daughters is deeply moving and so fascinating.  Their tales of life back in China translate so easily and the memories of  these women and their daughters reactions are so interesting.  This story  of secrets, courage, and mother-daughter bonding is one of the best I have  ever read.  It's a never-ending source of literary masterpiece.
B0000296SI|5.0|They say looks can be decieving and I think I've found another example in the alt/pop/punkers Blink 182. While the artwork and the bands' surf slacker persona may indicate &quot;music for little league boys&quot;, the  lyrical content, supreme musicianship, and overall true to life spirit  quickly squash any preconcieved notions. Blink 182 is simply for any die  hard rock fan who loves passionate and honest music. I find this CD  coated  with with the bleeding hearts of the  songwriting duo of Tom DeLonge and  Mark Hoppus. The tales of lost, dying, and lustful love combined with a  little playful angst can cause the listener to play and replay this record  again and again, especially while driving a motor vehicle! The tracks  &quot;Dumpweed&quot;, &quot;Adam's Song&quot;, &quot;What's My Age  Again&quot; and &quot;Wendy Clear&quot; are  just some standouts, but it's  safe to say, every song on this album is a standout. Backed by a  phenomenal drummer in Travis Barker, Blink 182 flex their muscle, cry for  truth and answers, and transcend any category they might be associated  with.
0792844793|4.0|I'll be brief...I am a big David Lynch fan, and when he's good it's mesmerizing, whilst when he's not so good, it's still worth a look. &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is an exotic, aquired taste, but quintessential  Lynch. This MGM DVD looks stunning, and after years of pan and scan VHS  murk, the widescreen presentation is pristine. Watch it and see how much of  the director's visual world we have been  missing all this time. The  surround sound mix is very spacious,and atmospheric. However, the  &quot;collectible booklet&quot; is a farce....a sheet of paper folded in  half, with some boilerplate cast info does NOT qualify as a prized extra.  This disc is worth having because the film looks and sounds better than any  previous version for home viewing.
B000001ELL|4.0|A much better album than what I expected. Owing to the &quot;KISS on the downhill slope&quot; hype,I waited 20 years to buy this album. How wrong I was. Why does everyone hang a &quot;disco&quot; label on this album? Take  away IWMFLY,and it's a pretty solid rock album. Much better than I  expected. By my power chord biased standards,it blows the overrated  'Destroyer' out of the water. Ace really drives this album,but Paul's  'Magic Touch' and Gene's tunes round it out nicely.
0375707972|3.0|This book is well written, and flows smoothly from chapter to chapter.  It is a book of love, war, lust and ultimately disappointment.  The book is full of disappointment and timidness.  The writer does not make any progression throughout the book and ends up in same place he started.  The  heroine of the book is a female named Hanna, she is the only one that  evolves, but to late in life for it to matter.<br />If you want to sit back  relax, and read a story in the post WWII era this is a great book.   However, if you are looking to increase your understanding of the world or  find a deeper meaning in life, you will be truly disappointed with the  Reader.
6305137293|2.0|John Carpenter said it best...&quot;there was just no story left to tell.&quot;<br />This money machine's opening overlaps with the first film's closing, picking up where it left off...with Dr. Loomis still chasing shadows as Michael stalks the nearly catatonic Laurie Strode through the halls and basement of the darkest, most deserted hospital you'll ever see.<br />The cat and mouse style of the previous entry is discarded in favor of bloody 'weapon of the moment' murder sequences and the viewers frustration level at waiting for the movie to get truly nail bitingly scary like the first one was will be almost as high as the body count. The only things I can recommend about this DVD are the nice widescreen presentation, Dean Cundy is an excellent cinematographer, and Carpenter's wonderful music score. There are zero real extras on the Goodtimes disc and why is that? No trailers even? But the menu is scored with the Halloween theme and there are some neat little production notes offered, which is nice, if not particularly interesting. Recommended only for the most die hard of slasher fans, those seeking real suspense and scares are better off sticking with the first Halloween.
0767819462|5.0|Once again, it was a stunning performance by all actors, especially by Julia Roberts and Susan Serandon. This captures true feelings of the whole family, especially that of Susan's character and Julia's character. This  was a great movie and I reccomend it for people of all ages!
0812550706|5.0|If sci-fi is your genre then this should be the bible on your shelf.  It is definetly one of Card's best books, it is the first and so far best in it's series.  It was first recommended to me by a 16 year old named Mike.   Now i read it (being only 11) and now i'm recommending it to everybody i  know who has anything to do with sci-fi.<br />    It starts out with an  outcast kid whose name is Andrew Wiggen (ENDER) He has a brother named  Peter and a sister named Valentine.  Decades before a race of aliens  (Buggers) has invaded the earth two times.  The earth had had luck and some  then some.  Now they need to reassure themselves wioth the best commander  to commandeer their fleet.  To do this they set up &quot;Battle  School&quot; it is training for kids to be turned into commanders.   Ender  (no doubt) is picked to go to battle school because of his extremely high  potential.  He gets there just like any kid would and beats the system.  He  obli...  Wait i can't tell you what happnes, you need to read it.  Then be  sure to read every single sequal (Speaker for the Dead, Xenocide, Children  of the Mind) and the recently published parralel novel (Ender's Shadow).  A  must read !
067101756X|4.0|Fun to read.  Talks about the Roswell crash, the spaceship, our ongoing visitations from aliens, abductions, cattle mutilations, CIA/KGB, cold war, Apollo missions, U2 missions, etc.  <br />Ultimately, however, I find that the  author lacks credibility.  &quot;Spilling the beans&quot; is entirely  contradictory to LTC. Coroso's top-secret &quot;need to know&quot; military  personality.  By his own admission, Coroso was very skilled in  counter-intelligence, misdirection, and deception. <br />I think this book is  counter-intelligence aimed at the American Public for one or all of the  following purposes:<br />1) Strenghten support for defense spending 2) Foster  a feeling of dependency on the military 3) Convince the American public  that they should not question to closely where defense spending goes. 3)  Create a new national enemy now that the Russions threat is minimized.<br />I  even question whether he wrote the book or whether it was a group effort by  some military organization and he just put his name on it - as a last  patriotic act.  <br />Other things I find suspicious in or about the book  include:<br />1) The author accidentally saw an alien corpse ten years before  he became involved in alien technology.  What a coincidence.<br />2) There is  no way the information, dates, places, documents in this book could have  been compiled without government assistance.<br />3) Quite a work for an  82-year old man, 1 year away from a heart attack.<br />4) Given Coroso's  description of how the government works, there is no way this book could  have been published without the implicit concent of the government and  military complex.<br />5.  The aliens had incredibly advance technology  including laser weapons, and had malevolent intent.  Yet they limited their  interference with our space program to buzzing flights and jamming signals.   Why didn't they just blow up our satellites one by one as we put them in  orbit?<br />6.  Why would the aliens let us land onthe moon if they had a  base there?<br />Anyway, fun to read, but I think it is a lot of strategic  fiction interwoven with some fact.
0440234743|4.0|The testament by John Grishman is very interesting because at the beginning when Troy Phelans a multi -billionaire falls off a building and commits suicide, and he makes this will called the testament.  It is very  fascinating when Nat O Riley a person that they hired to take a plane to  the Brazillan Jungle in South America.  While Nat is in the Brazillan  Jungle he is looking for a missionary named Rachel  Lane who has inherited  billions of dollars from Troy Phelan.  When he gets to Brazil he has a  bunch of problems with the heirs.  Excitement occurs when he goes to South  America and he gets into alot of trouble; he  gets lost out in the  wilderness of South America, and he can't find Rachel Lane anywhere.  The  Testament was a book I could'nt put it down because it was so exciting, and  the book is very fascinating and very good.
0767827015|5.0|Ive never seen a movie that was as touching as this movie. It definetly made me cry, when he died  and how cube was talking about it, best scene ever. Props to ice cube on that. I know how real this is ive had friends  die on me when i was in the hood (compton) exactly like this. its all good  now we out the hood now. peace
630562285X|4.0|I was amazed when this exciting if predictable caper flick was all over, to realize that there had been NO sex, NO nudity and NO killing! In fact, not much even close. What's the last &quot;grownup&quot; film you saw that  you can say that about? So I'm just writing this to tell other parents out  there that, save perhaps for the language (which I wasn't monitoring), this  is a perfectly acceptable film to have on with little ones around.  &quot;Thomas Crown&quot; is probably the better film but certainly not  tot-OK.
B00003OSU4|5.0|Fantastic images, acceptable sound track, and the best selection of players on 1958
1559408758|5.0|The tagline for The Star Wars Special Edition Trilogy was:  &quot;3 Reasons Why They Build Movie Theaters.&quot;<br />The tagline for this DVD should be:  &quot;One Reason Why They Build DVD Players!&quot;
0060920386|4.0|OK, first - this is a truly ripping yarn. There's enough corporate intrigue, maniacal boardroom posturing, gulfstream abuse and small men with big egos in these riveting 600 pages to knock even the Ewing family of Dallas into a cocked hat. From the beginning Burrough draws you into the  preposterousness of what is happening, setting out well drawn  characterisations of each of the main players, flipping between them in  that totally enchanting &quot;meanwhile, in Gotham city&quot; fashion.  Before long the threads are pulling together into a whirling tarantella of  greed assaulting you from every side. It's difficult to work out who's  meant to be the villain, mostly because I think everyone was.  Full grown  men startle for their utter failure in self-reflexion as much as for the  appalling lengths to which they will go in the name of self-interest.<br />The climax is as good as any thriller (I completely missed my stop on  the tube, finally snapping out of a daze thinking, &quot;hey I haven't been  this excited since Jodi Foster went head to head with Buffalo Bill in  Silence Of The Lambs!&quot;).<br />Secondly, and maybe not intentionally,  Barbarians at the Gate is a piercing social/historical commentary  - just  by &quot;telling it like it was&quot; the narrative skewers the eighties,  Wall street and the Reagan years so brutally it might as well be a spit  roast.<br />On this level it is leagues ahead of the celebrated fictional  works which purport to do the same thing. In particular, Brett Ellis'  &quot;American Psycho&quot;, and Tom Wolfe's &quot;A Man in Full&quot;,  fare badly against Burrough's genuine article. I would be amazed of either  Ellis or Wolfe hadn't read this book, but the novels of both are anemic and  implausible in comparison. Barbarians at the Gate is more deadly accurate,  it doesn't exagerrate or caricature the wall street banker like American  Psycho does (and what value is there in caricaturing something which is so  patently ridiculous in itself?), and the plot - needless to say - has a  ring of credibility which is singularly lacking from A Man In  Full.<br />Oddly, the one area where the book falls down a little bit is in  its aspiration (if it has one) to present a sensible, clear, commercial  analysis of what was going on. But that's a trade off - had the Burroughs  taken that route, then surely some of the dramatic impact would have been  lost.<br />As it is, he's produced a cracker.culous in itself?), and the plot - needless to say - has a  ring of credibility which is singularly lacking from A Man In  Full.<br />Oddly, the one area where the book falls down a little bit is in  its aspiration (if it has one) to present a sensible, clear, commercial  analysis of what was going on. But that's a trade off - had the Burroughs  taken that route, then surely some of the dramatic impact would have been  lost. <br />As it is, he's produced a cracker.
1559408758|5.0|I have received word from the Spinal Tap camp that they are planning to re-release this movie in theaters in August with the DVD and VHS to follow shortly after.  According to Harry Shearer, a few live shows may take place  as well.  Stay tuned!
B000002C1V|5.0|The image of the dagger sticking between the dying soldier's shoulder-blades is one of the most powerful Roger Waters has managed to convey in his 30-year song-writing career, and as with all his albums, he  uses everything - packaging, liner notes, lyrics, and music - to convey the  emotions he wishes his audience to experience.<br />Some of the early-80's  polemic is out of place in the year 2000 - I have actually used  &quot;Maggie, what have we done?&quot; in a history essay! - but the sorrow  and rage against war are difficult to miss. And whereas on the Wall they  form a backdrop to the rock star's decline in love, life and especially  music, here they take centre stage.<br />There's a good mix of sensitive,  tuneful music with more rocking stuff, and as an album, this really works.  If you are familiar with Roger Waters at all, you'll recognise the last  track as a resolution song - as on Animals, the Wall, or Pros &amp; Cons of  Hitch-hiking, Waters takes everything back by saying &quot;everything is  OK, really&quot;. Not so prosaically, of course.<br />The Final Cut took some  listenings to get into, but it has yielded rich rewards, and is one of the  most complex albums Pink Floyd attempted (successfully) - there is always  more to be found lyrically, and I agree fully with other reviews that  praise David Gilmour's playing. It really is excellent here, and although  not showcased like in Wish You Were Here, is as good as anything else he  did. So, &quot;Requiem for the post-war dream, by Roger Waters&quot; it may  well be, but it is undeniably a Pink Floyd album.<br />One final piece of  diatribe - Richard Wright concedes that being kicked out of the band around  this time may have been deserved, since at the time, with drug addiction  and lack of songwriting, he had kind of lost his way (maybe no one disputes  this, in which case ignore this). And, sorry, but I really do not like Nick  Mason - he spoils every Pink Floyd album for me with his tedious and  predictable playing, and I find it hard to understand how such a consummate  musician as Gilmour and control freak as Roger Waters put up with him as  they were making such amazing music throughout the 70's...<br />Final note -  my title refers to Waters' Amused to Death, which is the best album he has  written, with a haunting and similar theme to this one...the Final Cut is,  however, a much better introduction to Waters (though NOT the Pink Floyd -  go for Wish You Were Here, or Dark Side of the Moon).nd  predictable playing, and I find it hard to understand how such a consummate  musician as Gilmour and control freak as Roger Waters put up with him as  they were making such amazing music throughout the 70's...<br />Final note -  my title refers to Waters' Amused to Death, which is the best album he has  written, with a haunting and similar theme to this one...the Final Cut is,  however, a much better introduction to Waters (though NOT the Pink Floyd -  go for Wish You Were Here, or Dark Side of the Moon).
0385484518|5.0|I read this book and I think it is a great book. I don't understand how can the other reviewers criticize it so badly. It was a great book. It is very touching. I think those who critize the book are someone who can not  stop whining about life and can not start giving and love others and live  their lives meaningfully. yes, those life lessons, we might know them since  we wer little. However, have we forgot about them as time goes by or just  know them but never act on them. After I read this book, I start to think  about my life and how i should not care about so much materialistic things  and start to love and forgive.
B0000027I6|5.0|This is Waters' blackest album - &quot;this species has amused itself to death&quot; is his final rant, screamed into the microphone as only he can. When his voice first comes in on What God Wants it sounds weak and almost  tuneless, and the first time I listened to the album, I feared a dud. But  he has kept his fantastic range over the years, and no one else could  really sing some of his more obscure lyrics.<br />Which here, more than  anywhere else, do threaten to undermine what he is trying to do. &quot;And  the Germans kill the Jews, and the Jews kill the Arabs, and the Arabs kill  the hostages, and that is the news&quot; is, even sardonically, always  going to alienate some people. And that combines with those people who  switch off having threatened to destroy the album if they heard one more  sampled noise - does the man not know how to begin an album with proper  music? What happened to the good-ole days of Animals, and simple, pretty  acoustic guitars?<br />That said, Amused to Death matches (in my opinion - I  know Gilmour fans will shake their heads at this comment) Wish You Were  Here's dramatic solos with some great guitar playing from Jeff Beck - I am  not particularly familiar with his music, but I am sure he has rarely  played more emotional guitar solos. The album is strongest when simple but  effective tunes are combined with more innocent but powerful lyrics - such  as, especially, Watching T.V.<br />Anyone who likes the idea of a concept  album with a story-line must like the look of all these &quot;Part  I&quot;'s and &quot;Part II&quot;'s, but I warn you that it does not quite  work like that - although the tracks are all linked, and this really is (I  may not have given this impression yet) a fantastic album, most of the  songs are quite unrelated except for the overall theme of human misery, as  it is created in particular through conflict and war.<br />Then again, it all  has a cumulative effect, and you will probably cry on Watching T.V., with  enough time to recover for the grand, morbid finale. This is a night-time  album, with dimmed lights and some time for a pre-listen preparation and  post-listen contemplation. Enjoy, if you can...with  enough time to recover for the grand, morbid finale. This is a night-time  album, with dimmed lights and some time for a pre-listen preparation and  post-listen contemplation. Enjoy, if you can...
6303369170|5.0|The tale of &quot;Arizona Dream&quot; is one of many things....Of growing up. Of coming to realize who you really are. Of turtles crawling on the table and reincarnation. Of an Oedipal-complex-type relationship....but one  wherein there is real love. Johnny Depp somehow makes the character of Axel  Blackmar real, as real as anyone we might know. He captures perfectly the  awkwardness, wistfulness, and pliability of the young confused adult....or  of the flounder before the eyes have both gone to the same side. I loved  how at the end the Eskimos were Axel and his uncle, looking at the fish.  And the tale of the saguaro cactus, how it needs a mesquite tree to protect  it unitl it has grown....Isn't that the way of life, here on earth?  And  when you no longer need the mesquite, then you begin your climb to the  Moon. On whatever you build your life out of, that is what you'll have for  a ladder. Build an empire of gold, and your tower will bend. Build it of  love, and it will either lead off on its' own path or it will get you  there....Arizona Dream. The quintessinal dream....and many more combined.
B000001E8P|3.0|I really liked the liner comment - &quot;please do not read the lyrics while listening to the recordings&quot; - when I first read it: it suggested an intelligent and sympathetic band at work. Jarvis Cocker writes  well, with a special knack for making simple lyrics seem to be about quite  complex ideas...his mixture of speech and singing increases the effect. And  Pulp manage to come up fairly consistently with catchy tunes on this album  - so all would appear good on the surface.<br />But Different Class does not  work for me - I had not listened to it for quite a while (I've got it on  now), and all I could remember was that I thought it a fairly weak album,  without remembering why. It's because I find no urge to listen to the whole  thing - it's not even that the songs are all the same, though it is partly  Cocker's outlandishness that makes him tedious only a few songs into the  album. He can't sing straight, and I find that annoying, even while others  undoubtedly and understandably love that. I think it's great to have these  properly anti-establishment pop stars...but too many frills and not enough  substance undermines the music for me.<br />However, their frontman is not the  band entire, and there are some quite talented musicians with an ear for  simple melodies but complex backgrounds and rhythms. But while SOME of the  music is brilliant, such as in Common People and Disco 2000, other tracks  are pretty insubstantial, stuff I wouldn't keep the radio on for, let alone  put an album on to listen to. Some of the catchiest tunes become very dull  about a minute in. I am tempted to agree with one of the other reviewers  that Common People alone is worth parting with your money for...but  honestly, I cannot recommend an album that has only a few songs worth  listening to on it.<br />And as for the liner comment - I have lost my initial  respect for it, because personally it just seems to be another way to  create the band's &quot;We just want the right to be different&quot; image,  written because it ain't nowhere else (well, I have never seen it printed  in any other album liners), and so there. I mean, there may be an argument  for not looking at the lyrics while a song is playing, but that would be  that you can't enjoy it as much - surely people can work that out for  themselves?<br />This album is not for everyone, but it is definitely for some  (common or otherwise) people. I strongly recommend listening to most of the  album before buying it, if you can - otherwise, play all the samples three  times each, and see if you can bear it.e different&quot; image,  written because it ain't nowhere else (well, I have never seen it printed  in any other album liners), and so there. I mean, there may be an argument  for not looking at the lyrics while a song is playing, but that would be  that you can't enjoy it as much - surely people can work that out for  themselves?<br />This album is not for everyone, but it is definitely for some  (common or otherwise) people. I strongly recommend listening to most of the  album before buying it, if you can - otherwise, play all the samples three  times each, and see if you can bear it.
B000005S37|5.0|Metal Machine Music is arguably the finest statement ever made by a Rock artist. Amidst the hour of industrial noise, Lou Reed artfully uses feedback to quote a vast array of classical and popular songs, but they can  only be detected subliminally. In the first section, about three minutes  into the piece, Lou Reed quotes the classic &quot;Cool Water&quot; by the  Sons of the Pioneers, and it is truly something to behold. Absolutely  amazing! In the second section (5:43 into the piece), you can hear a  snippet of Lou performing &quot;You Don't Bring Me Flowers&quot; by Neil  Diamond, with the Barbara Streisand parts of the song done in beautifully  sculpted feedback. If this is not art, I don't know what is. Towards the  end of the second section (15:04 into the piece) Lou really shows his  virtuosity by playing his &quot;Street Hassle&quot; and Barry Manilow's  &quot;Mandy&quot; simultaneously! The third section is not quite as  enjoyable as the first two, since it draws heavily upon the works of  Mozart, but if classical music is what you enjoy, then you will probably  love it. The fourth and final section of this masterful composition should  really be titled &quot;The get down and boogie&quot; section. Traces of  Issac Hayes' &quot;Shaft,&quot; Curtis Mayfield's &quot;Superfly,&quot; and  the classic disco tune &quot;I Love the Nightlife&quot; by the legendary  Alicia Bridges can be found throughout the work, creating a delicate but  funky interplay between Lou, his amplifier, and of course, you the  listener. This wonderful album will bring you back to the 70s every time  you listen to it, which is why I give this album the highest praise  possible.
B000002UAU|5.0|From the opening, to the supreme finish, this album matches the one simple criterion that is necessary to earn 5 stars - it is great to listen to. There are some weak songs - my pet hate is Harrison's need to play the  sitar between thrilling pop songs, but Within You Without You has actually  grown on me over the past few months, so maybe I should alter my negative  stance.<br />There's some crazy stuff going on in Being For the Benefit of  Mr. Kite!, and Fixing a Hole (among others)...but what I love about this  album is the mood it creates - a very detached atmosphere, a result of  those revolutionary recording techniques that are such a confusing bane to  people searching for a greatest album of all time.<br />I like the comment  that this IS one of the greatest, yet not one of the Beatles' best - it  sums up Sgt. Pepper's place in history pretty neatly. But let's not get  bogged down in that - if you have any interest in pop music that extends  beyond the late-90's, this is one of the few albums I would say is  essential listening. And even if this is one of those albums that is NOT  ultimately about the music, it's got some great tracks to satisfy those who  - like me - think that should always be the most important thing.
0679746048|3.0|Susanna Kaysen's memoir of her stay in a mental institution is well written. I like the way she moves from chapter to chapter, not in a chronological way, but in a topical one. Each chapter discusses a different character or aspect of the experience, and the details are captured in a  startling, real way. I wish it had been longer and more of the gaps had  been filled in, but it was a satisfying read. I finished it on a two-hour  flight.
B00004STUL|5.0|What can I say about this movie, but the fact that Bad boys is one of my all time favourite films. It stars Will Smith (the Frensh Prince of Bell Air) and Martin Lawerance (Martain/Blue Streak) as two Miami cops, both are  two very funny actors who took to the action role very well (of course Will  Smith as continued on so in this role in films like ID4 and Men in black).  The film produces great action and boasting good soundtrack(songs such as  Shy guy) from the talents of a great director(This film really started  Michael Bay's carear and is still one of his best).I know its not everyones  cup of tea, but if you like your movies fast, sexy, loud and action packed  buy the DVD now! This special edition had loads of extras.
B00000JZI9|4.0|In the well-made documentary that accompanies this collectors edition DVD release, the Kasdan brothers admit to being fans of the classic western films. They have incorporated many techniques of that genre in this fine  film.  The super cast includes Kevin Kline, Scott Glen, Kevin Costner, and  Danny Glover as the four leads with Brian Dennehy, John Cleese, Jeff  Goldblum, and Linda Hunt in supporting roles.<br />The film starts with a  light flavor as we are introduced to the various characters but takes on an  increasingly dark character as it rushes toward the foreseeable conclusion.  This movie is meant to be a sort of compendium of all that is good about  westerns and in that regard it performs admirably.<br />The DVD video quality  is good but grain is noticeable in some scenes. Sound quality is quite good  and the film was nominated for awards in that category. The aforementioned  documentary is well worth watching and includes deleted scenes as well as  insight from the Kasdan brothers and the actors. I would have liked to see  more extras but this rarely happens with films from this time period due to  the extra cost that would be involved.<br />All in all, a very good film  presented in an attractive package that will appeal to DVD collectors.
6305750750|1.0|George &quot;The Emperor&quot; Lucas takes us on a souless journey through a boring CG video game. I shoulda known it was gonna stink when he started mangling the old movies by adding CG effects(the &quot;Special  Editions&quot;). What surprise is in store for us next movie Darth Lucas?  Han Solo is Jar-Jar Binks and C-3PO's love child?  Give us a break. You  can click the &quot;No&quot; button below now.....
0800141628|5.0|My son, who is 13, has decidedly different tastes than I do when it comes to entertainment. For example, he likes Final Fantasy 7 on the Playstation while I prefer the strategy of Civilization or Links LS. But we both agree that Stand By Me is one of the best coming of age films ever made. And the new special edition DVD greatly enhances the enjoymenmt of the film.<br />The story, set in 1959, involves four boys who set out on a journey to find the body of a boy killed in a train accident. The late River Phoenix plays Chris Chambers, the street wise leader of the group. Will Wheaton is Gordie La Chance from whose perspective the story is told. Cory Feldman plays Teddy an abused son of a World War II vet and Jerry O'Connell provides comic relief as the goofy but loveable Vern. The performances by these young men are truly outstanding. My only complaint is too many four-letter words especially the &quot;F&quot; word. I'm no prude, but I think it would have been more believable to have saved this type of language for only the most intense scenes.<br />This is a wonderful film for fathers and sons to watch together. My son seemed to really relate to the characters despite the very different era involved. Having grown up in the late sixties and early seventies I was able to find a lot of common ground with these four boys. Another thing that amazed me is my son loved the soundtrack of late fifties hits. Watching this film with your kids also provides a great opportunity to discuss the tragic death of River Phoenix and ease into the waters on the dangers of drugs.<br />The video quality of this DVD is very good with little noticeable grain or digital artifacts. The widescreen version only adds to the enjoyment of the great exterior scenes. I am very happy to report that the new special edition of this disc adds several new features including an excellent documentary called &quot;Walking the Tracks: The Summer of Stand By Me&quot;. Featured are Stephen King, Rob Reiner, Will Wheaton, Jerry O'Connell and Kiefer Southerland. True fans of the movie will not want to be without this new special edition.<br />In spite of the profanity, I highly recommend this film especially on DVD. Rob Reiner has made a movie which will be remembered as a classic of its genre and is sure to be loved by all ages.ill Wheaton, Jerry O'Connell and Kiefer Southerland. True fans of the movie will not want to be without this new special edition.  <br />In spite of the profanity, I highly recommend this film especially on DVD. Rob Reiner has made a movie which will be remembered as a classic of its genre and is sure to be loved by all ages.
B00000JPYD|5.0|It seems whenever someone mentions Robin Trower they can't get past the comparison to Hendrix. Sure the styles are very similar. Granted they share many musical traits. Why however can't people accept the fact that Robin  Trower is technically every bit as good as Hendrix and plays with much more  finese and control? Of course there is something to be said for Jimi's  reckless style and his seemingly endless creativity.    Trower is truly his  own man however. In a day of Stevie Ray Vaughn clones everywhere you turn  why is it such a surprise that someone could share the same style and enjoy  a capacity to play the same type of music?    I don't believe that Trower  ever intended to cash in on Hedrix's chops but on his own well seasoned  talents. Simply put he is an undeniably tremendous guitarist who has  consistently maintained a exceedingly high level of craftsmanship into his  fourth decade of recording. Many could learn from his talents but very few  will ever do it nearly as well.    Among other attributes that he shares  with Hendrix there is one stage of the game where he clearly outshines. He  has never allowed the excesses of sucess and fame get the better of him.  He, unlike Jimi, is still with us. In addition to that he is still playing  some of the best music of HIS or any style on the planet. Thank God for  that.    Oh and by the way,Bridge of Sighs offers some of his very best  work. The live albums are excellant as well. Give him a try on his own  terms not as a comparison to Hendrix.
B000046PVN|5.0|The greatest music ever conducted. I strongly urge you to buythis piece, even if you're not a Superman fan...
B000003TBP|5.0|After owning Beck's &quot;Mellow Gold&quot; album, I felt pretty secure in buying Odelay, with only having heard one song off of the c.d.  As it happens, Odelay is one of the best albums I own.  Beck has created a unique  sound, and a style of music that only he can perform.  While &quot;Where  It's At&quot; and &quot;The New Pollution&quot; are definately high points  of this album, &quot;Jack-Ass&quot; and &quot;Lord Only Knows&quot; have to  be the best songs on the entire c.d.  Definately a must-have for your c.d.  collection.
B000002JSJ|4.0|It took me 14 years to get into this album, but now its a favorite. I was a teen in the 80s and I was really into Zep. Big time. But I always thought of this as their worst album, worse even then Coda. I would play it every  now and then just because it was Zep. About three months ago I wrote a  review for Amazon saying how much I hated this album, but they didn't post  it, thank god. SInce then, I've lsitened again, and I must say I really  love this album. I'm not a big Zep fan anymore. I sort of outgrew them, and  they are always on the radio. But songs from this album are not overplayed   like the rest- and the songs are not like the rest of Zeppelin's catalog.  I'm just a casual Zep fan now, but this is my second favorite of theri  albums, behind only LZ2 (which I've heard way too many times too play often  now). This album takes many many listens to become a favorite, but it will  become a favorite- I promise you that. It's got Bonham's best drummming,  Page's best guitars and Plant's best vocals. It's got none of JPJ's  keyboards though.
B000002BE9|2.0|I must have had a brain cramp the day I bought this c.d.  Usually I wait until I hear a few songs from and album before I purchase it.  Unfortunately I liked &quot;Criminal&quot; for about 2 seconds, and I  shelled out the bucks.  It's not that this is  exactly a bad c.d., it just  fails to strike the right chords.  Every song on it is sooooo close to  likeable that I have listened to the c.d. more than once, in an attempt to  enjoy the music.  Sadly, this is the only c.d. I have ever regretted  buying.
B00003W8NM|5.0|As an adolecent guy in a world that increasingly frowns on male dominance, I try to release my blood lust while avoiding arrest.  Fight Club lured me in with the idea of getting together with friends and beating each other  stupid(er).  What I got was one of the funniest movies I have ever seen,  partly because it was so unexpected.  This movie is completly unique, the  only way to compare it to anything is to imagine Clockwork Orange with Mel  Brooks as an editor.  Even if you don't like violence, go and see it, for a  laugh and a message
6304119046|4.0|My last semester of college, I took a film class.  One of the last films we examined was Citizen Kane.  I had always heard the hype that it was &quot;the best film ever made&quot;.  However, I was in doubt, in fact, I  almost skipped the night we watched it.  I'm so glad I didn't.  Orson  Welles techniques in this film are so unlike any others used in movies at  the time.  His editing choices are wonderful, and I found the story to be  very interesting.  In the story, you follow the man from his childhood, to  his death.  We see a man who has all the material belongings in the world,  but is never happy.  I found the story to be entertaining, and the filmwork  magnificent.  I don't know if it's the best movie ever made, but I  definately think it was innovative in its' time, and still holds up today.
B0000027I6|4.0|Good, but aimed at you lot, instead of us lot, fair enough it's warmer I suppose.
0385470819|5.0|John Grisham's novel A Time To Kill was a very good novel because it kept me on edge, it was very descriptive, and it told about events that really happens in life.John grisham was very descriptive in this quote &quot;She was ten, and small for her age. She lay on her elbows, which were stuck and  bound together with yellow nylon rope. Her legs were spread grotesquely  with the right foot tied tight to an oak sapling and the left to a rotting  leaning post of a long-knecked fence.&quot; He used this detailed writing  throughout the novel.He kept you on edge by talking about one story until  it got very interesting then he switched to another story and the switched  back to the other story.       &quot;The paramedics stopped in the yard  when the front door opened and Carl Lee walked out with his daughter in his  arms. He whispered gently to her as huge tears dripped from his chin. He  walked to the end of the ambulance and stepped inside. The paramedics  closed the door and carefully removed her from his embrace.&quot;This quote  is proof that John Grisham knows how things happen in life and that he used  this knowledge in his novel.
B000001IMX|5.0|This a great debut from a quality band but Suicidal Tendencies were never an official punk band. They had the influences of the Sex Pistols(who are the only good punk band since I really don't like punk rock) but also  complex solo's, shifting tempos,time changes, grooves and were heavier that  a lot of bands on this album. Don't call Suicidal punk or thrash. They're  just a unique hard rocking band. I also recommend all their other albums,  How will I Laugh Tomorrow being the best and Infectious grooves. Freedumb  seems to sound like Offspring and lacks consistency and effort. Like I  said, the debut album isn't my favorite but is quality never the less.
B000002LND|4.0|I love most all of Madonna's work and think that she is a very talented artist.  The cd was great, I love all of the songs on here except the last two (JUSTIFY MY LOVE and another).  I agree that there are still a lot of  good songs missing from this collection, but I feel that this is still a  great cd.  Early songs include BORDERLINE and MATERIAL GIRL, with great  dance songs including INTO THE GROOVE and LIKE A VIRGIN, it also includes  great ballads, such as LIVE TO TELL and CRAZY FOR YOU.  Overall I think  this is a great cd!
B000002HPV|5.0|&quot;I thought I could organize freedom, how scandanavian of me&quot; &quot;State of Emergency, How beautiful to be&quot; &quot;so when you come back, we'll have to make new love&quot; &quot;Drink me now -make me  real&quot; &quot;Don't get angry with yourself, I will heal you&quot;  &quot;You can't handle love. baby.&quot; &quot; I am no f--king buddhist  but this is enlightment&quot; &quot;excuse me, but I just have to explode,  explode this body&quot; &quot; all is full love, all is full of love&quot;  All these lines and all the &quot;chaaaaa&quot; she just simply does,  strike me dead. not only because this is Bjork but because she lifts me up  and down, just by having homogenic on my headphones. Bjork had perfectly  expressed her emotions and feelings in this album and had also prefectly  conveyed them to us. I find this album very intriguing since I can relate  to many of the feelings. I consider many of these songs romantic, since  Love is double-natured and contradictive. And this proves that Bjork can do  that with music. She is truly an artist. I keep listening to this album  over and over again. I notice that she has used a technique which is  classical. short lines repeated on and on and beautiful tunes. the fact  that she had, for a fact, meshed both synth sounds with strings is just  merely an example of how &quot;spread&quot; and tremendous is her  &quot;land&quot; of music is. she still explores and explores and this is  just because she is a well-motivated person and is always looking to life  in a deeper sense. Her music will grow and thrive endlessly. I respect her  as woman and intriguing european artist.
B000023X9W|5.0|I was very excited about Neil's return to acoustic songs, especially - as one previous reviewer put it - his last couple Crazy Horse efforts that weren't appealing at all. On first listen to &quot;Silver and Gold&quot;, I  knew I had another masterpiece from him in my CD player.<br />This is by far  Neil's best work since at least &quot;Harvest Moon&quot;, but &quot;Silver  and Gold&quot; outshines that one by quite a bit. The songs on this disc  are very introspective and reflective, if not a bit wistful. It is quite  evident his personal observations at this stage in life are very heartfelt.  <br />I really enjoy the quiet nature of the songs on this CD, too. Listening  to this, I couldn't help but feel like you could sit on a porch or around a  campfire with him and listen to him play these songs; it's the same  experience. That may sound a bit corny, but it's always nice to have a  simple-sounding collection that doesn't require a lot of extra  &quot;sound&quot;. <br />If there is anything to possibly critique, it is that  the CD is a bit on the short-ish side (running time just shy of 40  minutes). Given the so-so nature of the most recent CSN&amp;Y CD - where  Neil and Graham Nash were the saving graces from it being an outright bomb  - I wish that Neil hadn't given so many songs to that project and had kept  them on this. Wishful thinking on my part, but several of his songs on the  CSN&amp;Y disc would have fit in perfectly here.<br />&quot;Silver and  Gold&quot; is an outstanding effort, and should be in any Neil Young fan's  collection. Even those who haven't heard his music before or are not as  familiar with his music should enjoy this one. Like I said, it's nice to  have a CD of songs that are composed as simply and elegantly as this one. I  doubt there's many who do it any better in the music world today than Neil  Young.
B000023X9W|5.0|Over the years neil has had many different styles, but if you enjoy the quieter, smoother, more harmonica Neil, than this album is for you.  The album starts off with a great folky robust song: &quot;Good to see  you&quot; and it doesn't stop there.  This album was well organized; the  order the songs were put in perfectly match the tone of the album.  I  highly suggest this one, it ranks on top with &quot;after the  goldrush&quot;, &quot;harvest&quot; and &quot;harvest moon&quot;.
0877284520|3.0|I like the Thoth deck a lot, but this edition  has two major problems.<br /> First, the cards are rather large which make the  deck hard to shuffle.<br /> Second, the cards have a greenish hue and the  colours are somewhat dead,  especially compared  to the other edition.<br /> Personally, I recommnd people  to buy the smaller  livlier coloured edition.
0451169514|2.0|If anyone browsing through cyberspace gets to this review - I'll assure you that you're not required to read EVERYTHING published by Stephen King.  I'd read nearly half the book - 500 Pages, only to discover that I already knew who the monster was, where it lived and exactly when it would strike  again.  Why finish it?
B00004S6GL|5.0|Boy, people need to listen to something besides the 'Everything Reminds Me of Her/Everything Means Nothing To Me' 1-2 song cycle. There is so much more here that is way better than those two tunes. Those ones seem like the  sad-sack Elliott throwing in some mopey stuff to satisfy his XO fans.  <br />First off, yes this is produced. Get over it. But while it's produced,  Elliott does seem more at home with the production...the problem I had with  XO is that it sounded kind of like Odelay-Beck: the low-fi god going hog  wild in the studio. It was overwrought. Figure 8 sounds like Elliott is  finally getting a little comfortable there. And the tunes!<br />Well, I could  go on, but I won't. Suffice it to say that he has perfected that slowly  building to a guitar crescendo sound that was so great on &quot;Cupid's  Trick&quot;. Sure it's Beatlesque (see I Want You/She's So Heavy for  reference). It's also great to crank up and forget all your woes, or wallow  in them. That's what makes Elliott Smith such a powerful songwriter. Get  over the production, Beatle comparisons, tin-pan alley piano thing, and  revel in the songcraft and guitars. The man has plopped down another gem.
B000002U82|5.0|I just started listening to Pink Floyd about a year ago, and already I consider them one of my top 3 favorite bands of all-time.  &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; was the first album I purchased and I was immediately  hooked.  To me, &quot;Dark Side..&quot; is classic Floyd!  I can't believe  the sound effects that were used in this album, considering the equipment  that was available in 1972-73.  The listener is drawn in with the sound  effects that precede &quot;Speak to Me/Breathe&quot;, cash registers,  jackhammers, old Englishmen talking, etc.  &quot;On the Run&quot; offers  more sound effects, and it mezmerizes you.  &quot;Time&quot; in my mind is  the second best track on the CD, I just love David Gilmour's guitar solo in  the middle.  &quot;Money&quot; is a masterpiece, as well as &quot;Us &amp;  Them.&quot;  Without a doubt though, my favorite track on &quot;Dark  Side..&quot;  is &quot;Brain Damage.&quot;  This song is just so great, and  the lyrics are magic, &quot;the lunatic is on the grass...&quot;  More  sound effects on this one with a roadie laughing when Roger Waters says,  &quot;the lunatic is in my head.&quot;  The album finishes off with  &quot;Eclipse&quot; which sort of sums up human life as we know it,  &quot;all that you touch....all that buy, beg, borrow, or steal...&quot;  I  would have to say that &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; is probably one of  the top 5 albums of all-time.  Period.
0192833383|3.0|This Victorian Era detective novel is a fun read and it definitely encapsulates the attitudes and social customs of that time. I can't say I was enthralled or felt compelled by the text to keep turning the pages to discover the identity of the thief and solve the mystery. I've read most of  the Sherlock Holmes stories and this is a nice companion to them.
B00000G3AZ|4.0|I decided to rent both this Emma and the BBC version before purchasing - this version is by far the more fun and light-hearted. (The BBC one was almost depressing!) <br />Jeremy Northam's Mr. Knightly joins Colin Firth and  Ciaran Hinds as the perfect Austin heroes, strong, subtle, sweet. Paltrow  portrays a nice sweet, good-intentioned style for Emma, although she does  seem to have only two expressions (&quot;pouting&quot; and  &quot;deleriously happy&quot;. Okay, maybe &quot;puzzled&quot; as well.)  <br />This is more of a romp than most of the Austen films of the time, but  that's what I find appealing about it.
0679746048|5.0|I picked this book after I was told I had panic disorder and I was semi-manic depressive. I kept putting off reading this book because I didn't want to read about someone else's crazy life while mine was just as  crazy. But when I picked it up I was amazed that I could almsot related to  the book. I know that when you are young you go thru times where you don't  know where you are going or what you want to do. Well that summed me up  right there. I was one of the few people in my class that didn't go on to  college but I still went on about life. The charactors in the book are so  true, I felt I could related to Susanna and knew what was going on.<br />I  luckly enough read the book before I went to the movies to see it. I was  glad I had because the book and movie were differnt. The actrescess in the  movie were the best Ryder is wonderful and Jolie she deserved that Oscar  for her role in the movie it has to be on the best movies I've seen her in.  I also liked the girl who played Daisy and Georgina. :)
6305807086|5.0|I generally like Johns Malkovich and Cusack, but I hadn't heard much about this film when I went to see it - just a couple of friends' reports that they were very impressed. I'm glad, because I wouldn't have wanted a single  moment spoiled by knowing what was going to happen in advance.<br />That  said, I won't be giving away any plot here. All I need to say is that this  is one terrific film and its a fair bet it's unlike any other you've ever  seen. While it's humour is intellectual, at times downright black, it  manages for the most part to remain lighthearted and playful; an uncommon  feat. Still, it isn't the most accessible film around. If you like your  comedy lowbrow, this film probably isn't for you. OTOH, if you're looking  for something utterly different from the run of the mill experience and  have a taste for somewhat darker humour, you won't be disappointed by this  one.<br />Highly recommended.
0553108034|5.0|I never buy hardcover, but Martin has me waiting ever so impatiently for the remaining books of this series. Call me a fantasy snob, but the majority of works in this genre leave me feeling like I've wasted valuable reading time. Not so with Martin! He is a master of characterization, with  a strong plot and endless creative twists! You will not find better  fantasy! I am excited, too, to hear that there will be an end after 6  books. Lots to read, with closure. (What a novel idea!) Thank you, Mr.  Martin!
B0000296SI|5.0|If you like Lim Bizkit, Smashmouth, and Third Eye Blind, then you'll absolutely love this!  It is milder than LimBizkit. YOU'VE GOTTA GET IT!
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie is ausome. It fits every catorgory. It is scary at times. One reason  because of the darkness and mist threwout the movie. This was also a thriller. Like when people are running from the horsemen. This movie also  had a few laughs in it. One thing that really surprised me is there was not  one curse word in the movie. The only reason it is R is becaus of all the  gore. Overall i thought it was one of the best movies i have ever seen, a  great mix. I am telling you, SEE THIS MOVIE!
B00002SWEM|5.0|This Documentary is a wonderful occasion to get to know all these great musicians, whose songs we all heard over and over again.  Meet Ibrahim Ferrer, the voice of Cuba; Compay Segundo, well beyond 90, who still smokes  \\"puros\\" and wants yet another child; Ruben Gonzales; Elciades Ochoa; and  all the others, not less talented artists.  It also portrays beautiful  scenery of Cuba, the kind that entices you to go there, get a 1950's  convertible, and tour the country.<br />This movie will surely make you happy.
630575067X|5.0|This movie was one of the bast movie ever. This movie never had a boring part. The thing i really liked about this movie was there was a buch of problems. Not just one big one. It wasn't just about Darth Maul. One  problem was to get Anackin free. Another was to get Anackin to be a jedi.  There were others that was just two. I just want you to know that if you  somehow still havent seen this movie go out and buy it.
6305807086|5.0|One of the best films of the past decade is now available in a packed DVD that contains tons more than merely what the description states.  I picked it up a week early and was so happy to see a beautiful animorphic image  that presents the film exactly as I remember it on the big screen (for  once, unlike &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;), great digital sound, plus  documentries on the real puppet master who performed for the movie, the 7th  1/2 floor docu and the Malkovich T.V. special in their entierty, the  preview and tv spots, plus, and best of all, the hilarious &quot;An  Intimate Portrait of the Art of Backround Driving&quot; and a Spike Jonze  interview that defies description.  A great special edition that doesn't  overdo it, the best since the Criterion edition of &quot;Rushmore.&quot;
B0000024RQ|5.0|The first version of &quot;Don't Think Twice, It's All Right&quot; I ever heard was Eric Clapton's cover at the Dylan 30th Anniversary concert.  I was blown away by Clapton (of course), but I was also curious about the  original, so I hunted it down listened to it.  It quickly became my  favorite song.  While Clapton's version is fiery and intensely powerful,  invoking all the passion of the blues, the understated Dylan original is  endlessly humble and bittersweet.  Guys, this is the song to break her  heart.<br />And of course &quot;Freewheelin'&quot; also contains a few of the  most influential (and covered) songs of all time, but speaking of an album  in terms of a few of its individual songs isn't really doing justice to the  album as an entity unto itself (this is my problem with &quot;greatest  hits&quot; collections).  Still, reading the track list of  &quot;Freewheelin'&quot; makes one sit back in amazement, wondering how so  many major pop culture works of art could be produced at a single moment in  the artist's career -- and such an early moment at that.  Dylan may not yet  have known where he was headed (counterculture protest singer?  haunted  love balladeer?  travelling blues hobo?), but he knew he was on his way.   And on the American music scene, he had already arrived.
B000003B6J|5.0|This is the album that STARTED gangsta rap! All the songs are tight but the best ones are ____ Tha Police, Gangsta Gangsta, 8 Ball, I Ain't Tha 1, Express Yourself, and Dopeman! If you like gangsta rap, buy the album that  started it all today!
B000023X9W|5.0|Neil Young releases what could be the greatest solo achievment of his career.  In a time when Neil is rekindling the flame of Crosby, Stills Nash, and Young, he shows that his skills as a singer/ songwriter of  ballads has not missed a beat since the classics of Harvest and After the  Gold Rush.  The Neil on this album is not the Neil of Freedom or Mirror  Ball, crowded with distortion, but instead a raw and openly honest Neil  emerges, especially in songs such as Daddy Went Walkin' and Buffalo  Springfield Again.  As in songs of past (and present) Neil tackles the  mystery of love in more than a couple songs.  In Horseshoe Man, Neil tells  the story of broken, young, and innocent hearts and dreams, that lost to  the power of love.   The simplicity of Razor Love gives the strength of  silver and gold to the story of a man who only has love to offer. Distant  Camera has the feel of the more modern Harvest Moon and continues Young's  views of life, and love.  Silver and gold is a rainy/ lazy day album that  must not be heard, but listened to. The power of the lyrics, wrapped in the  harmonies of the guitar and harmonica, tell a story that only Neil Young  can tell.  He once again proves that genus doesn't have to be elaborate,  but honest.
630204135X|5.0|An experimental Bergman film which proves that the man could excell in any given genre. Liv Ullman plays an actress who refuses to talk after a performance of &quot;Elektra&quot;. She moves to the country accompanied by  a young nurse, played by Bibi Andersson. During their stay, the two women  almost become one with the other. The film is very erotic and tastefully  shot by Sven Nykvist. The story, though simplistic on the surface, emerges  as a detailed study of female bonding and its often devastating results.
0451169514|2.0|The book Stephen Kings IT is an ok book. Because it is scary book and it begins to be scary when &quot;Georgie was being pulled toward that terrible darkness where the water rushed and roared and bellowed as it bore its cargo of storm debris toward the sea.&quot; Also it goes into detail and  talks about how the people die and its pretty graohic. The book can be  confusing at times cause it would sometimes jump from scene to scene and  sometimes the reader wouldn't even know what was happening for example it  went from a tradgic death to an event that happened later and it didnt even  minchen what happened so the reader would get lost. The book could be  suspenseful at times especilly when the reader knew somthing was about to  happen and the character didn't and it was like you wanted to tell them but  you couldn't thats how its supenseful otherwise the book was ok.
6304077955|4.0|Probably the scariest film I have ever seen. It is very disturbing, but a valid statement from our modern world about how people use and discard each other. Filled with the &quot;fear of the millenium&quot; syndrome, it is  distrubing because it is all so real. Not an easy watch by any means, since  you'll probably end up feeling that the world is even more f%$#*d up than  you could ever imagine.
B000002UUX|5.0|This is just awesome! Dave &amp; Marty's skillful fast guitar shredding makes this album one of my favorites. The best songs are the title song, &quot;Hangar 18,&quot; &amp; &quot;Five Magics,&quot; but they're all very  good except for &quot;Dawn Patrol&quot; (which is slow &amp; boring.) If  you like technical hard rock, you will probably love this album.
6303433766|5.0|The story about the real life case of Pauline Parker and Juliette Hulme, two young girls whose friendship became so intense that at the point of risking being separated,they plot to kill one of the girl's mother and  succeed in doing so. Jackson's style is exhilirating to no end. It's one of  those films that feel like a an amusement park ride. The performances by  Kate Winslet and Melanie Lynskey (debut performances for both) are  incredible!  I cannot believe this film was so ignored by all the awards  entities. This is a definite must see for anyone who likes innovative,  avant garde cinema.
B000002U8U|5.0|I remember when My brother brought STRANGER IN TOWN home and put in on his stereo.The drums from  HOLLYWOOD NIGHTS kicked me in the head.Then the lyrics set in.This was intelligent writing,folks. I had only heard one  other Bob Seger tune before this,TURN THE PAGE;I liked it but didn't know  until later who sang it.I was hungry for more and STILL THE SAME,'TIL IT  SHINES,OLD TIME ROCK'N'ROLL ,and WE'VE GOT TONIGHT gave me what I  needed.Seger  writes for the common man;FEEL LIKE A NUMBER shows what  working on an assembly like must feel like. When you lose your  individuality,it seems hardly worth the effort.STRANGER IN TOWN introduced  me to the music of Bob Seger;I hope it can do the same for you.
0784011176|5.0|Few films of the 90's come close to this one. It stars Holly Hunter in a performance which earned her the Oscar and the Best Actress prize at Cannes among many other awards. It is the story of a self imposed mute who moves  to New Zealand with her small daughter to marry a landowner. Baines, a  neighbor, becomes infatuated with Ada and after obtaining Ada's beloved  piano, her only means of communications, he promises to give it back in  exchange for sexual favors. The film is very intelligent and never  exploitive. The performances are top notch, from Sam Neill to Harvey Keitel  to Academy Award winner Anna Paquin, who gives one of the best performances  when it comes to a child's acting.
B000002GWJ|5.0|Classic. His microcosmic stories are like the collector film cells you can buy at 7-11, except the scenes are from &quot;The Wheel Of Fortune&quot; on tv. &quot;Romeo Is Bleeding&quot; is like solving the puzzle and then  loosing the trip to Jamaica. &quot;Whistlin Past The Graveyard&quot;  reminds me that I will probably always avoid the cracks in the sidewalk  because a part of me will always believe. And I think we all have a  &quot;Christmas Card From A Hooker In Minneapolis&quot; slacker friend in  our lives. The best for last, &quot;Blue Valentine&quot;. The poetry of  that song is amazing: &quot;It's the tattooed broken promise/That I hide  beneath my sleeve&quot; and my all time favorite, &quot;Why do I save all  of this madness/In the nightstand drawer&quot;                         Tom  Waits is cool.
B00001U0DP|5.0|By far the best film of 1998. Roberto Benigni co-wrote, produced, directed and starred in this magical, heart wrenching film. The film is pretty much divided into two parts: Guido (Benigni) and his wooing of a young,  beautiful teacher and the second part: Guido and his family being shipped  off to a concentration camp. By the time Guido and his son get to the camp,  the audience is deeply emerged in this sensitive man's life. The character  of Guido is so loveable, that it reminded me of Chaplin in &quot;City  Lights&quot; and in particular, &quot;The Kid.&quot; This is a film about  love, simply put
0780624890|5.0|what a movie i say... very good action film &amp; snipes is the best actor for blade actually. Great effects and thoughts. Very good film. You must watch and never miss it.
6303160344|4.0|Part I of Kieslowski's &quot;Three Color&quot; trilogy. It stars Juliette Binoche, who gives one of the most amazingly subtle performances I've ever seen. The film follows the life of Julie, a woman who was the sole survivor  in a car accident which took the lives of her young daughter and famous  composer husband. As Julie starts a new life, she discovers things about  her past which open her eyes to her own present. A poetic film if I ever  saw one.
0783240503|5.0|A very lively, entertaining, peppy video well worth watching over and over again.  I must admit that when I first turned on the video I thought the wrong tape was put in the carton, but as soon as I &quot;got into&quot; the  video I was totally enthralled.  Donny Osmond is a winner, with a such a  commanding presence. The songs are memorable as well.  I find myself  humming &quot;Go Go Joseph&quot; every now and then throughout the day.  Bravo on a job well done.
6300208591|5.0|Inspired by Dante's works, this films stands up as the greatest Italian film ever made. Everything going on today with celebrities, fame, fortune, promiscuity, it is all here. Marcello Mastroianni plays Marcello, a gossip  reporter in the entertainment circles of Rome. The film has no specific  plot or trama, and it works more as a compilation of vignettes and  ocurrences all linked by Marcello. The film touches upon the themes of  death, friendship, perversion, love or the lack of it, and fear of one's  self. A brilliant accomplishment.
0451169514|5.0|I'm 14, and thats the first Stephen King book I have ever read. It is the most beautifally put together book I have ever read. The books by Thomas Harris and Dean Koontz I've read are very good indeed, but not as good as  this. The size of the book may be quite intimidating, but once you reach  page one hundred, the pages fly by so quick. I wish it could have been  longer! Stephen King, if you read this, Thankyou for putting out such an  excellent book, I enjoyed it immensly, and am looking foward to reading  more of you books! For anyone else reading this, I HIGHLY reccomend this  book to people of all ages. you WON'T regret you read this book.
6302000823|5.0|A delightful, emotional look at the friendship between an old town projectionist named Alfredo and the young boy he takes under his wing, Toto. Together they share a passion for the cinema and brave tragedies and  disappointments. A beautifully written, performed and directed work, it is  one of my favorites.
B00003CWOL|5.0|I, being a huge Kevin Smith fan (I am going to marry that boy one day), admit I am a little biased about his films, but this one knocked me out of my seat.  I laughed throughout the movie while thinking.  It's refreshing  that someone could write a wonderful movie like this and still make you  think about religion.  He doesn't really say that any religion is wrong so  I don't understand what all that fuss was about.  The actors he chose were  perfect for their roles.  Even that of God: Alanis Morrissette and the old  man with a love for skeeball.  If you aren't afraid to think about your  religious convictions and want to laugh, this movie is perfect for you.  A  tale of hope that we all need.
0792156684|5.0|Pure and simple, the best film I have ever seen. It took me two years to even see it on video because I didn't want the memory of seeing it in the theater tarnished. It didn't. If anything, it appeased me, because I had  the idea I was attributing too much into it. Is it incorrect to call the  film simple? I just find it direct and true and leaving the theater I had a  feeling I rarely have (it happened with &quot;The English Patient&quot;),  &quot;this is what movies are for,&quot; to transport its audience to a  completely different world, and to make them empathize with people legions  away from our own reality, but unforgettable in their fragile humanity.
0899683452|3.0|I recently read Flowers For Algernon, and I was undoubltly satisfied. The plot was great, yet the climax was very dissapointing. This book is about a mentally retarded boy's (Charly) insight on being normal or mentally handicapped. He and a mouse named Algernon are used by an experimentalists as guinei pigs. Charly's hopes are raised because he becomes a genius from  a brain surgery he undergoes. His IQ is raised sky high, but his emotional  self doesn't change much. He becomes emotionally disturbed with bad  memories and feels lost in his thoughts all the time. In the end, Charly  sadly turns back into his original retarded state.  The ending is very  upsetting and sad, because you feel very bad for Charlie. In conclusion,  Flowers For Algernon is a very good book to read and educating as well as  interesting.
0783240236|4.0|What could be worse than being attacked by thousands of birds that have an intention of killing you? This terror is explored quite vividly in Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds, full of a terrific mix of horror and suspense,  well-cast actors and a superb script that fails its audience only in the  ending. Young Melanie Daniels has an encounter with a man in a bird store  who apparently knows her despite the fact that he is a stranger to her.  After he leaves, she purchases two lovebirds, a present for the man's  daughter he was unable to find. Driving all the way ou to Bodega Bay to  deliver the birds, she is attacked by a seagull, and witnesses say that the  attack appeared deliberate. Marion and her man get to know one another  better, and he is able to convince her to stay longer during the weekend.  Her stay is made permanent after birds begin to attack school children and  a birthdy party. Sequences in which the birds attack the small town are  nothing short of amazing, but what will really have the audience in  suspense is the waiting period between attacks. The scene where the four  are trapped in the house amidst an army of birds will have you holding your  breath. However, the ending leaves something to be desired, and since I am  unable to give it away, I shall leave it at that. Nonetheless, this movie  is definitely worth a watch, and remains one of Hitchcock's most serious  and suspenseful films to this day.
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby, most definately transformed U2 into one of the most talented and respected bands of all time.  It innovated itself from the classic rock band into to a band which can go into different areas and still be just as  successful.  Achtung Baby, is unlike any previous U2 album yet it's still  utilizes Bono's ingenius songwriting skills, and the Edge's stinging solos  as well as Larry's echoing beat.  How can you forget 'One', 'Who's Gonna  RIde Your Wild Horses','So Cruel', and 'Ultraviolet'.  Songs that transcend  the decades and will always be a piece of music's fine art.  U2 is most  certainly my favorite band and Achtung Baby is a piece every music lover  should invest in.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Most live albums suffer from the same problem - unless you were there, there's not alot to offer the listener. Few live albums were better than &quot;Live at Leeds&quot;. short and sweet-brutally frank. the remastered  version of that album will make you wonder why they didn't release all of  this in the first place. Rolling through song after song after song, the  who provides all the evidence of why they're legends. but you know what  makes this the greatest live album? even the mistakes are included. they  didn't sift through 50 versions of every song to find the best recording.  with this album you get a brief look at one of the best rock bands in the  world on one of their best nights.
B000031XCR|5.0|This collection of Celine Dion's songs is so wonderful -- it's food for my soul!  Rarely does a singer succeed so well at conveying such passion with so much love as Celine does here.  I especially love &quot;That's The Way  It Is&quot;, because every time I hear it, I feel the love I saw on  Celine's face when she sang that song on TV on the Oprah show.  Celine's  warmth and passion come through so clearly when you see her, but the next  best thing is to play her songs on the stereo!  I treasure special memories  of driving home with my two young daughters after school with the windows  open and the sunshine pouring in... singing along with Celine to  &quot;That's the Way It Is!&quot;  I adore Celine's contagious enthusiasm,  and her message that Love is there... all we have to do is believe.
B000002UA5|2.0|...The studio material is, for the most part, absolutelyunlistenable.  Richard Wright's contribution is the stand-out - the stand-out stinker, that is.  Absolute rubbish.  None are particularly good, but the guitar riff for Gilmour's \\"Narrow Way\\" is dark and menacing, and Waters' `Grantchester Meadows' is an actual \\"song\\" (though it isn't particularly memorable).  I will admit his other, um, song, \\"Small Furry Animals...\\" is without doubt one of the most interesting things done under the Floyd monicker.  It is certainly one of the very rare instances of humor appearing in any Waters composition.  If you haven't heard it, imagine yourself locked in a barn being overrun by scores of cartoon rodents and accosted by a mad, raving Scotsman....<br />The live disc is, likewise, not for the casual listener, or fair-weather Floyd enthusiast.  Those who know only `Dark Side of the Moon' and expect all Floyd to sound like \\"Money\\" or \\"Us and Them\\" might be put off.  Even fans of their later live releases might be a bit tweaked at the \\"quality\\" of this recording, which sounds little better than the average bootleg.<br />That said, the music here is wonderful - ethereal and haunting.  Whether you wish to float along in altered states or simply off to sleep, the live half of Ummagumma will happily send you there.  \\"Astronomy Domine\\" sounds considerably different than the Barrett original, and on at least one level, surpasses it.  It sounds far more \\"spacey\\" than the original, thus putting you far more into the spirit of the song.  The Gilmour/Wright vocal blend is mixed well back, become almost a blended string instrument.  Quite beautiful.<br />\\"Eugene\\" is an earlier version of this song - the mood is still haunting, but the Ummagumma version lacks the snare intro into the \\"scream\\" section that highlights the piece.  If you can get your hands on the CD version of `Live at Pompeii', you will get the full power of this song.<br />`Set the Controls' sounds great here, with moody, psychedelic washes of sound over the funereal bass line.  Still one of my favorite Floyd numbers.  Which leads into `Saucerful of Secrets.' The transitions between (er, um) movements in this number are much smoother here than on either the original or the \\"Pompeii\\" versions.  It works very well in this context, and is significantly spooky and beautiful in turns.  It also highlights the work of Nick Mason, easily the most overlooked and underappreciated member of the Floyd.<br />The live disc isn't essential - though it would certainly merit purchase if this was the price of a single CD. However, since you're stuck purchasing both, I can only recommend this to the hardcore fans.  If you are one of the few that can sit through the title track on \\"Atom Heart Mother,\\" then you might even enjoy the studio stuff here.
B00000AF98|2.0|Whew....where do I start with this one...'Crazy Nights' was released in 1987, when such glam metal acts like Poison and Bon Jovi were the big commercial success in rock and roll.  This album was also the third of four  KISS albums released in the 1980's(the other three being 'Animalize',  'Asylum' &amp; 'Hot In The Shade') that band members Paul Stanley and Gene  Simmons have since lambasted due to the misdirection of the band and their  musical vision at the time.  First off, this album is bad for a few  reasons:  Most important to a neutral listener, is the first six songs on  'Crazy Nights' are complete CRAP.  And this is coming from a die-hard  member of the KISS Army.  Not only are these songs simply filler material,  they are the best example of any songs in the entire KISS catalog of the  band copying themselves.  I mean, come on, &quot;I'll shoot you with my  LOVE GUN&quot;?  &quot;We LOVE IT LOUD&quot;?  It is sad and ridiculous.   What makes it worse is those are songs written by the only person who had  any kind of REAL vision on this disaster - Paul Stanley.  Gene Simmons'  lack of heart and fire that began in 1984 with the 'Animalize' release  peaked here.  He sings only 4 of the 11 tracks, and his songs are well,  pitiful.  Totally un-Gene like.  Instead of his trademark demon roar that  is his vocals, there is barely a squeak.  Songs such as &quot;No No  No&quot;, and &quot;Hell or High Water&quot; show exactly where Gene's head  was at the time - Hollywood, and nowhere near KISS.    The only thing that  saves this from being KISS' worst album(and that honor goes to 'Psycho  Circus') is the fact that the guys(Paul, Eric Carr and Bruce Kulick, at  least) decided to put some heart into the songwriting on the album's last  five songs, and make them sound halfway KISS-like.  And it might be fair to  add that &quot;Reason To Live&quot; is probably Paul Stanley's best ballad  - ever.  With that said, I gave this album 2 stars because a):  This is  KISS, andNO KISS album deserves one star; they are just too big of legends  for that; and b):I expected more out of them with this album, and they  could have done much, MUCH better.  So, unless you're a huge KISS fan who  will even listen to Peter Criss' '78 solo album nonstop, or you just like  80's pop-metal, I suggest you stay away from this one, and pick up  something more worthy of the KISS name, such as 'Destroyer' or 'Revenge'.   'Crazy Nights' is an album stuck in a time-warp, and will remain forever  near the bottom of the KISS barrel.
B00000J7J4|5.0|In the day of pop being in the hands of artists like the Backstreet Boys, Brtiney Spears, and N'Sync, it is hard to imagine an artist like Santana being pop.  But while the album may be considered pop, it in my opinion it  is everything but.  It makes me wonder how many people enjoying  Supernatural now had ever heard of Oye Como Va.  But I think that's why  this album is so popular, because it satisfies his old fans but with his  collaberations, it incorporates new fans.  Now I will admit I am a 20 year  old fan whose dad turned me on to his older work, and this cd is not as  good as his past work.  But with Santana there is a pretty high celling to  reach on this cd.  But Santana can still make the guitar sing and it shows  on this cd.  The best songs on here are the ones where there are no lyrics  and you can fully hear the riffs and hear the great talent of Santana.  I  thank Lauryn Hill for bringing him back in the spotlight and hooking him up  with some of the collaborators on this cd.  I love Smooth, and Put your  Lights On, but  I love all the songs.  Rather you are a new fan or a old  you will like this album.  It is one of my favorites and it is one of the  few cds I think deserve 5 stars.  But if you are new(or mabye even an  old)fan I encourage you to listen to his older cds, or at least his  greatest hits, because his earlier work derserves 6 if not more, but this  cd is still a great pickup!
B00003CWPR|5.0|This is probably the best movie of last year along with Fight Club and The Sixth Sense. Its just Kubrock at his very best. What I like so much about Kubrick is that his films are so unique. They are different from all other  films. He has takled every genre but made his films different from everyone  else. This rates among his best work along with Clockwork Orange and Full  Metal Jacket. Tom Cruise gives a really solid performance and should have  been nominated for this role. This movie is an unforgettable experience and  you will see different things with each viewing of it. A true masterpiece.
6305718954|5.0|This was a great movie!. Acting is really good, and the plot isthrilling and very smart!,Gabriel Byrne was born to play his role as apriest. Dont care about the bad comments from catholics...  (yes, the movie shows a not so honest vatican, but it has happened in the past, just remember rennaissance back in XV and XVI centuries. ex:Pope Alexander VI and Julius II).  DONT MISS this great movie, it will show you that sometimes quality is also present on todays productions. (and forget any comment about the exorcist, it is a complete different style)
0671042858|4.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon is a graet book to read.It was my first book ive read by the author Stephen King.There were many thrills  and laughs in this book, and many scares included in this book.Like when she is taking a &quot;crap&quot; when she is lost in the woods and she falls in it. And  there on all throught the storie when something bad happens she compares it  to falling in her &quot;crap&quot;.Or when she is walking up a hill and  trips and falls down the hill and comes to a ledge and she rolls off it and  falls down bashes on some rocks messes her all up.But what was interestin  about it was that it decribed it all on the way down untill she stops  rolling.Also she gets stung by wasps and bees all at the same time.This  book to me was an all togeather an very thriling book.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I don't understand one thing: why on Earth is all that important who are Santana's guests on this album? Most of them are not popular/known in Europe at all anyway. Lauryn who? Dave what?<br />The other thing is, as the  &quot;music fan from USA&quot; said, what's wrong in trying to reach a  wider audience? That's his (Carlos') business, to us music fans all that  matters is whether we like the songs or not.<br />The bottom line is: don't  get distracted by the reviews citing all those rap artists or trendy pop  singers polluting the Santana CD. In my early teen years (in the 70es) I  wasn't a big Santana fan. I remember listening to a friend's copy of the  &quot;Greatest hits&quot; album, but it's not that it was one of my  favourites. It is only two years or so ago that I happened to find myself  on a Santana concert. Boy how good that was! By far the best live musical  experience I've ever had including the two Rolling Stones concerts. So I  bought the Supernatural before the whole Grammy thing took place and liked  it although I had never heard of any of his guests (except Mr  Clapton).<br />Secondly, don't get distracted by that hard-core  first-three-albums-only this-is-not-Santana dogma. Rap song? So what,  although it is not the music of my generation I'm not prejudiced and like  many rap songs (e.g. I liked Blondie's Rapture from their New Wave phase  when not many people knew what rap music was and it was still banned from  the MTV). If it's absolutely not to your taste, I'm sure your CD player has  that handy 'Program' function allowing you to skip this tune (or any other  that you don't like).<br />I own and listen to Santana I-III albums, and they  are excellent and all, but Supernatural is just something different and  still Santana. Why compare apples with pears? Those three were 30 years ago  anyway, when they hardly had a synth. After all, which is better, Please  Please Me or Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band? A Night At The Opera or  Made In Heaven? Pretty pointless, huh?<br />Anyway, it sounds like reinventing  the wheel but enjoying the music is this simple(and complex from another  aspect): buy (or borrow) a CD, spin it, lay back comfortably and listen.  You'll enjoy it, trust me, and that's all that matters. And if your foot  donesn't spontaneously start to tap in the rhythm of the music, you are a  hopeless old dead fish.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the ultimate in SciFi.  Though, I think they borrowed a great deal from the World of Darkness gaming system.  It's very much like &quot;Mage&quot;.<br />I was a little worried when I first heard that Keanu  Reeves was in this movie.  He's a terrible actor.  He's monotone, and  ruined what could've been an otherwise good film in A Walk in the Clouds.   However, somehow... they managed to make a fantastic movie, with him  involved.  Others have noted, and I also point out, that Keanu really  doesn't speak much in this show.  He does a lot of posing and looking  cool... perfectly appropriate for the film, and has a lot of short lines.   Somehow the Director made it work, and Keanu was very good in the role.  I  recommend this movie highly, on VHS or DVD.
6305265488|5.0|i absolutely loved this movie! The costumes were perfect, and this movie added more life than the fairy tale story. It brings out the color, the humor, and the romance that can be viewed by all ages. I recommend this  movie for everyone. I am a busy person, however, I have managed to see it  over 20 times because it is one of my favorites. You must see it!
630562285X|4.0|The casting of this film is what give it a edge. While the plot twists keep it interesting, it is the same old story. Boy meets girl, girl and boy steal stuff, boy gets girl. Good direction and camera work add to the  action and plot scenes to make it well balanced.
B0000020C4|5.0|I will admit right away that there are only two reasons why I listen to this recording.  They are simply Lea Salonga and Michael Ball.  Lea's portrayal of Eponine is my personal favorite.  Her voice is as clear as  crystal.  Her ability to combine the softness and power that she puts into  the role is incredible. &quot;On My Own&quot; is the perfect example of  this. There are many people who have found it easy to relate to her despair  over loving someone who does not love her in the same light.  Michael  Ball's Marius is angelic.  Bar none, he is the highlight of this recording.   For someone who has never had any vocal training, his voice is incredible.   He can sum up every human emotion into one song, or even one note.  When I  listen to the sorrow and loss in &quot;Empty Chairs at Empty Tables,&quot;  my heart cries with him. Some of the musical and emotional highs that he  conveys will take your breath away.  I can't imagine anyone else in this  role.  Michael Ball IS Marius.  He doesn't play the character - he is the  character. I have never heard anyone who can move the listener as he can.  When you combine both of these extraordinary artists, you end up with the  heartbreak of &quot;A Little Fall Of Rain.&quot;  This is probably one of  the most beautiful tracks on the album. These three songs make the entire  set worth buying.  Aside from this, the rest of the cast has it's ups and  downs.  Colm Wilkinson (Valjean) is ok, but not the best.  Ruthie  Henshall's Fantine is great.  Her voice lends a certain something to the  character.  It's almost a smokiness that hasn't really been given to the  role.  I enjoy Michael MaGuire's Enjolras just as much as Anthony Warlow's,  although he doesn't possess the polish that the latter has.  I do not care  for Judy Kuhn (Cosette).  Her voice is almost too forced for this  character.  Even though Javert is the &quot;bad guy,&quot; Philip Quast  also has a superb voice and makes the &quot;bad guy&quot; likable.  JennyGalloway and Alun Armstrong provide comic relief when playing the  Thenardiers.  Those two will make you smile and cringe at the same time.  I  had never heard Anthony Crivello before, and although his part if fairly  small, he does a great job.  Hannah Chick (young Cosette) is very talented  youngster.  Her voice is young and sweet, and she will tug at your  heartstrings.  Adam Searles is wonderful as Gavroche.  The orchestra is  fantastic.  When the 250 voice choir goes full blast in the finale, I  guarantee you will get the chills!  This is a very beautiful cd.  After  hearing it, you will understand why it is called &quot;The Dream  Cast.&quot;
0440234743|4.0|After reading &quot;The Chamber&quot; I vowed to stay away from Grisham.  Don't get me wrong, I think he is a brilliant writer, I just don't think he knows how to end a story.  A friend convinced me to read &quot;The Testament&quot;, and once I start talking to my friend again, I'll tell him  what I am going to tell you.  The book gets your attention immediately and  in typical Grisham fashion holds your interest.  Unfortunately, as he has  done countless times before, Mr. Grisham chooses to end the book in a most  unappealing manner.  Will I read another Grisham novel? Definitley not,  well probably not, possibly, oh o.k. but let me know how it ends first
B00003652Q|5.0|I first purchased this back in 83' and its taken me until now, TODAY, to get the weeping Jester on the sleeve TATTOOED onto my arm. This album, for me, was the greatest album put onto vinyl, and later CD. OK Gabriels  Genesis gave them a wee helping hand, but for sheer musicianship, lyrics  and powerful vocals, this masterpiece is truly unique. &quot;Script for a  Jesters Tear&quot;, the title track,  is easily the best song, followed by  &quot;The Web&quot;. &quot; Garden Party&quot; adds some humour to the  proceedings. Mark Kellys Keyboard skills are amazing, and with Steve  Rotherys haunting guitar techniques, ( especially on &quot;Chelsea  Monday&quot; ) are awesome to say the least. Singer/Songwriter, Fish (Derek  Dick) lyrics are very complex and deep. If you love to read lyrics as you  listen, this may take a few plays to fully understand exactly what Fish is  trying to say. This album, for me, is the best album of all time. No wonder  the 2nd album  &quot;Fugazi&quot; never got much praise, although still  brilliant, THIS is a hard act to follow. With the design, forever tattooed  to my upper left arm,  I pay tribute to Fish and Marillion, for pointing me  in the right direction all those years ago.
B00000K19E|3.0|Did you ever notice when Keanu Reeves speaks he is usually limited to 3 or 4 words.  Take an incredibly bad actor, put him in a story with alot of potential, add awesome special effects, and you still have the viewing  equivalent of &quot;Star Wars Episode One&quot;.  DVD gives you alot of  bang for the buck, but doesnt make up for bad acting.  Add a star if you  are one of the 3 people who actually like Keanu Reeves.
6303160344|5.0|Blue is such a masterpiece that it is really hard to define...some few words come to my mind to describe it...Breathtaking, profound, delicate, devastating,sad and cheerful at the same time..<br />Juliette Binoche's  performance is unspeakable...<br />Preisner's music is the soul of the  film.<br />A very simple and complicated film at the same time. No recommended  for those who like to have everything told in a story...<br />Blue should be  seen with the eyes of the heart, and with an opened-soul, thus you will be  immersed in all its exquisite beauty.<br />p.s. sorry about the  writing..English is not my native language
014028009X|1.0|I, too, was mislead by the Bestseller's List status of this book and foolishy bought it myself.  I will admit that I enjoyed the first few chapters, but by the end I was disgusted. If I had wanted to read a  Danielle Steel book, I would have bought one.  Don't waste your time  reading this book....it is a sheer disappointment.  Oh, and the reviewer  above who said that the author would not be receiving so many bad reviews  were she a man....what a cop out!  Bad writing is bad writing regardless of  what's between your legs.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|This is a terrific cd! It's bursting with potential radio/single hits. Besides the masterful first smash &quot;SUMMER MOVED ON&quot;,there's the second upcoming single: &quot;MINOR EARTH MAJOR SKY&quot;; with it's guitar  riffs &amp; rock beat.The ballad &quot;VELVET&quot; which was said to be  the second single will no doubt come out as one sometime. Then there's  &quot;LITTLE BLACK HEART&quot;; &quot;THE SUN NEVER SHONE THAT DAY&quot;;  &quot;I WISH I CARED&quot;; &amp; the beautiful and moving ballad &quot;TO  LET YOU WIN&quot;. AHA has long been ignored in the U.S. while continuing  to have hit after hit in the rest of the world. Still, there are those of  us here that have appreciated their great melodious music beyond the hit  &quot;TAKE ON ME&quot;. Hopefully, with better promotion, more people in  the 'States' can enjoy their music too. Check out any of their 5 studio  cd's;all solid. Also another five-star cd is MORTEN HARKET'S solo cd  &quot;WILD SEED&quot;.Great listening stuff!
B00001U0DP|5.0|Put the children to bed, unplug the phone, get out the tissues and refuse to watch this movie with anybody who likes to talk during a movie. You will be blown away.<br />Holocaust and comedy. Two words never spoken in the same  breath before &quot;Life is Beautiful.&quot; To smiply label this movie as  such, would do it injustice. Every emotion comes into play during the  viewing. You soon begin to empathize with Roberto Benigni as he portrays a  father trying to keep the harsh realities of a German concentration camp  from his young son. Benigni protects his son with two weapons that the  German's could not seize: Humor and Imagination.<br />I thoroughly enjoyed  this movie, and yes I cried. But I also laughed and smiled.<br />I recommend  the Sub-title version of the movie. After five minutes the reading becomes  natural and the depth to which you become involved with the movie is well  worth it.<br />I so enjoyed the music in this movie, that I purchased  &quot;Tales of Hoffman&quot; by Offenbach. The second playing of this piece  in the movie will not allow you to maintain dry eyes.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|This is a terrific cd! It's bursting with potential radio/single hits. Besides the masterful first smash &quot;SUMMER MOVED ON&quot;,there's the second upcoming single: &quot;MINOR EARTH MAJOR SKY&quot;; with it's guitar  riffs &amp; rock beat.The ballad &quot;VELVET&quot; which was said to be  the second single will no doubt come out as one sometime. Then there's  &quot;LITTLE BLACK HEART&quot;; &quot;THE SUN NEVER SHONE THAT DAY&quot;;  &quot;I WISH I CARED&quot;; &amp; the beautiful and moving ballad &quot;TO  LET YOU WIN&quot;. AHA has long been ignored in the U.S. while continuing  to have hit after hit in the rest of the world. Still, there are those of  us here that have appreciated their great melodious music beyond the hit  &quot;TAKE ON ME&quot;. Hopefully, with better promotion, more people in  the 'States' can enjoy their music too. Check out any of their 5 studio  cd's;all solid. Also another five-star cd is MORTEN HARKET'S solo cd  &quot;WILD SEED&quot;.Great listening stuff!
0393307050|5.0|I was in the US Navy for several years, and without that context I may well have been utterly lost.  With a bit of nautical knowledge and/or fascination with the high seas, though, you'll be drawn into a rich and deeply moving world.  This is a kind of writing one hardly ever experiences  -- give yourself time and enjoy.
0671042858|5.0|The book The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon by Stephen King was an excellent book,because it's very suspensful, exciting, and can relate to some families.Lots of families can relate to the fighting that the mother and  brother ,of Trisha,  go through.The bickering over small and minor  insidents.As the younger girl gets very upset with them and wonders off in  her mind.What I also liked about this book is that it keeps you in suspense  throughout the whole book.Wondering if she'll make it through the woods  safely,or if someone will find her, or what would find her.Keeping those  thoughts in your head if she's just going to give up,or keep on fighting  and pushing herself to survive.Trisha also has to go trough all her  troubles in getting bit by bugs,falling down cliffs,or if she'll be eaten  by something before getting home to her mother.All in all this was a really  good book.
0553212761|4.0|Jane Austen is one of the best storytellers I have had the pleasure of reading. My favorite aspect of Austen's writing is her characterization; She acquaints the reader with her characters through the most ingenious and subtle techniques. My favorite denizen of Mansfield Park is the irritating and repulsive Mrs. Norris, who is a preeminent example of masterful characterization. For an illuminating artistic look at this novel read Vladimir Nabokov's wonderful and incomparable &quot;Lectures on Literature&quot;, which includes a detailed study of &quot;Mansfield Park&quot;---don't miss it, it's a real treat.<br />While I have enjoyed other books by Austen, this one is unique among them in that the plot structure is, for the most part, quite complicated; and, what singles &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; out artistically is its style, as opposed to its story. Some passages are exceptional; for example, the scene where the main characters stroll about Sotherton Court approximates the scene at the county fair in Flaubert's &quot;Madame Bovary&quot; in its complexity, orchestration, and execution. Parts of &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; are simply exquisite.<br />Unfortunately, the denouement is something like a train wreck. The last 1/3-1/4 of the book is stylistically dull, though structurally sound, and the last twenty or so pages read like Cliff Notes. The ending should have been much longer in order to resolve the various, complicated elements of the plot with the stylistic grace of the first 2/3s of the novel. The uneven execution sets &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; a step below the best of Austen's (approximate) contemporaries (Flaubert and Dickens, for example), but &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; still makes the short list of my favorite novels.
6304773382|3.0|Tank Girl isn't profound or really that good at all.  What it is, though, is silly, nonsensical, and corny, but ultimatly charming.  Hey, if you've read the Tank Girl comics, Lori Petty fits Tank Girl to a &quot;T&quot;!
6303481345|5.0|I mean maybe better than Ghost in the shell even, this movie is intense, the first time you see the rock hard devil of kimon take out a band of spies in the trees was the first time I saw the movie and I was hooked.  Someone had asked if I want o see a japanese cartoon and I was thinking  Voltron, speed racer, etc.   I pick up more and more every time I watch it,  about the different characteristics of the devils and the ninjas and the  different clans.       The violence and the nastiness are unparallelled,  the little monk (who is responsible for the title of this review) is funny,  yet very interesting in this set up which is not so easily broken down into  good and evil. Kagero's clan leader, even kagero, the monk, all are  actually quite bitter, unenthusiastic pawns involved in twists of  inevitability leading to the final fight.     Your best bet, of course, is  not to take it too seriously but to simply enjoy. I suggest this movie for  all small children for the excellent values that it instills as well.  Furthermore I demand a helpful vote for the propulsion of my ego.
B000002OX7|5.0|Who's Next is in the uppermost echelon of essential rock albums -- whether you're a big fan of Townshend and the Who or not. For many of the same reasons any self-respecting music fan needs to own Sgt. Pepper, Zeppelin IV  (or Physical Graffiti), etc. Not only was this the peak of studio output of  an always-great band, it also remains among the best-ever uses of  synthesizers in a rock context. The drone openings to Baba O'Riley and  Won't Get Fooled Again have sent chills down spines for 29  years...regardless of whether you already own the vinyl and original CD you  need the remaster, if only for Pure and Easy, which was originally intended  to be the centerpiece and thematic standard-bearer for the album, but was  cut from the original release. If you only have one Who, this is it.
B000002JSP|3.0|Of course, the members of Led Zeppelin likely never knew that this seven-song album was to be their last. Had they known, they may have gone out with more of a definitive bang. Surprisingly, though, \\"In Through the Out Door\\" shows a tired band moving in a creative direction, leaving the world to wonder how the rockin' foursome may have sounded had it played on in the synth-crazy 1980s. John Paul Jones actually takes more creative control on this record, co-writing five of the seven songs. And it's his  keyboard work that makes a great deal of this sometimes dull album a bit more interesting.<br /><br />After the seven-minute dinosaur riff of \\"In the Evening\\" comes the unexpected \\"South Bend Saurez,\\" a slinky barlike number with a hopping piano and a scorching solo by Jimmy Page midway through. There's even a feminine-sounding \\"Sha-la-la-la\\" vocal bit at the end, something different for Zeppelin. \\"South Bend Saurez\\" is just the first of several upbeat-sounding tunes on this record. The well-known \\"Fool in the Rain\\" overstays its welcome by a few minutes, but \\"Hot Dog\\" is a ride-'em-cowboy track with a looseness and country tinge that's unexpected. Robert Plant plays the down-to-earth country-rocker role to the hilt and seems to enjoy himself. That song is a great segway to one of Zeppelin's best and most underrated songs, \\"Carouselambra.\\" Born of a musical zoo of varying forms, \\"Carouselambra\\" is packaged neatly in three parts, starting with a buzzing synthesizer and a frantic pace. The beginning is guitarless but bursting with electric energy, really unlike anything Zeppelin had tried before. All at once the song stops dead in its tracks and the hot-paced first stanza suddenly becomes a memory, replaced by a deep, moaning guitar and vocals. Things pick up again in the third stanza with an odd slice of synth that could practically introduce the 6 p.m. news. Overall, \\"Carouselambra\\" is an adventorous journey, epic on a new Led Zeppelin level.<br /><br />A humble attitude and sound creeps into the final two tracks of the CD, perhaps a form of apology for the band's reckless behavior and unlucky past. \\"All of My Love\\" and \\"I'm Gonna' Crawl\\" are noted for their wonderful string sections and desperate-sounding love-is-all-you-need lyrics. \\"All of My Love\\" is dedicated to Plant's sadly deceased young daughter, while \\"I'm Gonna' Crawl\\" sounds like a hopeless romantic who got plowed the night before. By the record's end, the four great musicians are in complete synchronicity as they've been so many times  before. It's a handsome and stately end to a career known for roughness  around edges. Zeppelin got out of the game without embarassing itself, and created a solid ending to one of the world's most influential and dazed-and-confused rock bands.creeps into the final two tracks of the CD, perhaps a form of apology for the band's reckless behavior and unlucky past. \\"All of My Love\\" and \\"I'm Gonna' Crawl\\" are noted for their wonderful string sections and desperate-sounding love-is-all-you-need lyrics. \\"All of My Love\\" is dedicated to Plant's sadly deceased young daughter, while \\"I'm Gonna' Crawl\\" sounds like a hopeless romantic who got plowed the night before. By the record's end, the four great musicians are in complete synchronicity as they've been so many times  before. It's a handsome and stately end to a career known for roughness  around edges. Zeppelin got out of the game without embarassing itself, and created a solid ending to one of the world's most influential and dazed-and-confused rock bands.
0671042858|5.0|I confess that I very rarely read Stephen King books these days.  I don't know why I decided to read this book, but I am so grateful that I did!  The characterization in this book was absolutely fantastic.  Children have  a great deal more knowledge and understanding than most parents and  teachers ever realize, and I applaud Mr. King for reminding us!<br />I'm  amazed by people who don't make the connection between Trisha and  themselves.  Trisha is representative of each and every one of us, lost in  our own woods, struggling with our own fears.  King does an amazing job of  illustrating how our once imagined fears become dangerously real as we  weaken.  There is so much more that I could say about this wonderful work.  However, I fear that I have been long-winded, and should wrap this up.  This book is truly a gift, for which I am eternally grateful.
0808514628|5.0|A tree grows in brooklyn is one of Betty Smiths more known books. I read it during the summmer of 99 and I must say that it was one of the best books I have ever read. It was a story about a girl who was coming of age  in the world in 1912. She goes threw, and experiences many things that  every one has to go threw in life. She has to learn about sorrow, why  things happen and the good and bad advantages of growing up. She changes  her oppinions and intrest as she grows older. All in all it is a really  good book. One of my favorites and I think that any one looking for a good  book should read this. It is exiting, sad, heart warming and very  intresting (in a good way).
B00003CWOL|5.0|Again, Kevin Smith proves to the world why he is one of the best young directors of today.  This wonderfully crafted film has a very &quot;real&quot; feel to it.  Not all spritzed up and mannequin looking,  like most blockbusters.  And the level of satire going on in this film is  unbelievable.  I truly delighted in watching it, and saw it three times in  the theater.  Not for people who don't know how to take a joke, but even  the most rudimentary sense of humor should be able to find some enjoyment  out of this one!
0808514628|5.0|A tree grows in brooklyn is a wonderful story about a a young girl adn her comig of age. She experiances many things about growing up. I read this when I was 11 adn it helped me fiqure out my life. It is complex, and yet  easy to follow. If you have or is a teenager daughter they or you should  read this. My mother read it when she was my age adn now I did. It will  help to explan about growing up and it tells you about the things you will  be faced with when you get olde and also things you have to deal with now.  It is a true story about her. She experiances many things and it is just a  really good book. If you are not intrested in reading &quot;good&quot;  books, then you should not read this. <br />But that is just my oppinion, and  no one has the same. <br />Cat Lyons
6305558167|4.0|Wow!  In reading the other reviews, I was so relieved to see that I'm not the only person out there who still gets into this film; there are some scenes that make every hair on the back of my neck stand out, they are so  surreal and magical.<br />Unfortunately, if you watch this DVD in a crowded  room, with kids running around and knocking over popcorn bowls, with your  cellphone turned on and your pager buzzing, you will miss the movie  entirely.  Like magic, it requires your commitment and attention if you  want to get anything out of it.<br />Luckily, if you pack the kids off to  grandma's, toss the cellphone and pager into the dresser drawer, light some  candles and warm up some mulled honey wine and pizza, this film will suck  you in to the point where you'll be reeling and trying to remember your own  name when the lights come back on.  If your bedside table is stacked to  overflowing with fantasy and children's fiction, if your idea of a good  time is to invite your friends over for a medieval feast, complete with  lute and recorder music, buy this DVD.<br />The movie itself goes without  comment; either you'll love it and wish you could live it, or you'll think  it's cheesy and that Merlin is silly.  The DVD is pretty good, although the  sound could be a little more worked out; but in 1981 we were in a funny era  in audio-video technology; we'd left behind some of the proven techniques  that had been around since the 30's, without perfecting the new methods  yet.  As a result, some of the sounds and colors feel a bit dated.  But I  for one don't mind a bit, and had a GREAT time seeing this classic once  more, in digital clarity.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This truly was a great movie.  I was deeply irritated that it wasn't at LEAST nominated for best picture and that Edward Norton wasn't nominated for Best Actor. Fight Club deserved to beat out American Beauty (which was  also great, don't get me wrong...) in both those catagories.  The  cinematography and effects are also very well done and contrary to popular  opinion (those who haven't seen the movie) the movie is NOT at all bloody  or terribly violent though there are 3 or 4 fights that last about a minute  if not less... Just when i thought it couldn't get any better than the  Matrix (which was horribly ridden with plot holes in it's backstory, btw)  comes Fight Club
B000002MY3|5.0|Jagged Little Pill was Alanis' ticket to worldwide stardom, and one listen will definitely tell you why. She gives every song her all. She writes everything herself, unlike some singers who get other people to do it. Of  course, &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; is the song that gets everyone's  attention. It is a great song of anger over a breakup. But there are other  great angry songs on this album, like &quot;Right Through You&quot; and  &quot;Not the Doctor&quot;. A sweet romantic song is &quot;Head Over  Feet&quot; and the hidden track displays Alanis' strong a capella voice.
0792844882|4.0|First, I must say that I am, truly, a lover of bad movies.  (In fact, I ordered &quot;Showgirls&quot; on DVD, the same day I ordered &quot;Plan 9 From Outer Space&quot;.  So, what does that tell you?)  Although  &quot;Showgirls&quot; has been shunned by the mainstream public, it has  gained quite a bit of fame as a cult classic, such as &quot;Plan 9&quot;.   &quot;Showgirls&quot; became infamous after being slapped with the dreaded  NC-17 rating, the scarlet &quot;A&quot;, if you will, of the rating system.   Does it deserve it?  Sure.  It is loaded with T&amp;A for those who want  it.  But for lovers of cinematic cheese, there is plenty to enjoy, such as  bad dialogue and mediocre acting.  <br />Well, finally, &quot;Showgirls&quot;  has found it's way to DVD, and it is a pretty good release.  It makes up  for picture quality and sound where it lacks in special features.  (I  really wanted an audio commentary, so the director could explain what the  hell was going on in his mind when he made it.  But, hey, maybe on an  upcoming Criterion Version.  :-]) But, for people, who enjoyed it for the  movie it is, I would recommend it.  And, for fans of ridiculous turkeys, I  would really recommend it, because it is definitely fun.
630575067X|5.0|Episode 1 is the best Star Wars so far. I love anything to do with lightsabers. The best thing about the movie is the special effects. My favorite characters are Jar Jar,Qui-gon,and Obi-Wan. I especially like the  lightsaber dual at the end. The music when Queen Amidala and her team open  up the door with Darth Maul.&quot;We'll handle this,&quot; said Qui-gon.  &quot;We'll take the long way,&quot; said Queen Amidala. If you don't think  this is a good movie your weird.
B000000ORE|4.0|Tesla was a bit different than the majority of the late '80s hard rock bands.  When one listens to &quot;The Great Radio Controversy&quot;, one can detect Tesla's 1970's influences, whether it is Montrose, The Eagles,  Aerosmith, or Peter Frampton.  The result is a convincing exercise in hard  rock.<br />This album contains &quot;Love Song&quot;, perhaps the best known  song off this set.  &quot;The Way It Is&quot; has that Eagles influence all  over it, while &quot;Heaven's Trial (No Way Out)&quot; has an  Aerosmith-esque quality.  That's not to say the songs are derivative,  though; Jeff Keith's vocals are unique and give Tesla their own identity,  with a little help from guitar wizard Frank Hannon and sidekick Tommy  Skeoch.<br />Of course, Tesla does whip out the heavy artillery quite often on  this album.  &quot;Flight To Nowhere&quot;, &quot;Hang Tough&quot;,  &quot;Lady Luck&quot;, &quot;Did It For The Money&quot;, &quot;Party's  Over&quot; and &quot;Yesterdaze Gone&quot; are excellent examples of the  band going for the throat, while &quot;Be A Man&quot; finds Hannon sliding  his way out of control in the intro before the song settles into an almost  country groove.  &quot;Lazy Days Crazy Nights&quot;, &quot;Makin'  Magic&quot; and &quot;Paradise&quot; are examples of Tesla keen sense of  orchestration.  Piano timbres grace &quot;Lazy Days&quot; and  &quot;Paradise&quot;, while the thick &quot;Makin' Magic&quot; uses guitar  orchestration to build drama. <br />This is the most accessible out of Telsa's  cannon because it's got something for everyone: crushing hard rock  (&quot;Flight To Nowhere&quot;), tender ballads (&quot;Love Song&quot;,  &quot;Paradise&quot;) and acoustic blues (&quot;Heaven's Trail&quot;) to  name just three genres.  Tesla will be remembered as one of the better  bands of the '80s hard rock explosion.
B00000K19E|5.0|it is unnecessary to mention that MATRX is an excellent movie because we already know that t got 4 academy awards.there are several interesting themes in this film.Tecnological advantages&amp;disadvantages , friendship  ,love...etc t also leads us to question our unknown future therefore do  not even waste time by reading those reviews and get it as soon as  possible.......
0451526406|5.0|From the sorrowful and melancholic lines of &quot;Ulalume&quot; to the exclamatory rhymes of &quot;The Bells,&quot; this thin volume has it all. (Well, not exactly all, for this book does not have some of the lesser known poems of Poe such as &quot;To Isadore,&quot; &quot;A Paean,&quot; and  &quot;An Enigma&quot; - but it is nonetheless a great book to have.)<br />For  big Poe fans, especially, this is true. There are so many anthologies which  carry about two or three of his poems, but it is not easy to find one that  is solely dedicated to his complete poetry. Usually, it is his short  stories that attract publishers' attention.<br />Since Poe's poetry is so  beautifully-written and delightful to recite, it's good to have a book on  which you could look at whenever you forget a Poe poem, or simply want to  read or reread one.<br />Edgar Allan Poe never left behind as big a bulk of  literature as Charles Dickens or Henry James. In fact, compared to many  other classic writers, he didn't leave much behind. So, indeed, what little  he left can all be contained in within a section of a bookshelf. So why not  own his work?<br />Poe was an excellent literary thinker, whose imagination  will never be rivaled. And to those who enjoy good poetry, this book must  be in within your bookshelves.
B00003CWN3|2.0|At its best, Boys Don't Cry is a feverish testament of love amidst the most depraved and unlikely of situations. At its worst, it's seriously misguided; a simplistic account of the events leading to an American  tragedy. In 1993, Teena Brandon (Hilary Swank) a young man born into a  female's body, befriended a group of teenage yokels, fell in love, and was  then raped and murdered when two men in that group discovered her  biological gender. It's to writer-director Kimberly Peirce's credit that  Brandon isn't portrayed as a martyr, but she isn't developed into much of a  person either. Beyond the fearful dishonesty resulting from her  &quot;sexual identity crisis,&quot; Peirce fails to define the character on  any other level. All of the actors do brilliant jobs with the little  they're given, but only Brandon's affection-starved girlfriend Lana (Chloe  Sevigny) is developed into anything more than an unsympathetic plot device.  Had the movie concentrated more on her, and the hope of escape which she  and Brandon see in their love, Peirce would have had an interesting thesis  and perhaps not taken such a sensationalist approach to this material. If  you're to dismiss the anti-male sentiment that runs through the whole  picture, Boys Don't Cry says only two things: ignorance is bad, gays have a  right to life. Good thing I endured the excruciatingly graphic, 30 minute  finale to learn THAT.
B0000031OR|5.0|Corea was at his peak with this '70s release, which brought together his Latin-flavored compositions and writing for singer Flora Purim with his liquid electric piano, Airto's varied gifts on percussion, and the late  great Joe Farrell's facility on flute and sax.<br />One of the approaches to  jazz that has unfortunately seemed to pass by the boards is what I'll call  extended comp/improv, a blend of formal composition, passages for  improvisation and sections that allow for free group interaction. Sonny  Rollins and Max Roach were modernists who plowed early ground in this area,  and they were followed by, among others, McCoy Tyner, John Handy, the Art  Ensemble of Chicago, Jack DeJonette, and of course, the master of the form,  Charles Mingus. Corea makes a fine contribution to the informal canon with  &quot;Sometime Ago/La Fiesta,&quot; a hypnotic 23-minute excursion.<br />For  the extended comp/improv to work, all the musicians have to be headed in  the same direction without ever losing the sense that there are many paths  toward the same goal. &quot;Sometime Ago/La Fiesta&quot; illustrates the  beauty of this ideal. Corea, Farrell, and bassist Stanley Clarke all prove  their mettle in long, lyrical passages in which they both play and respond  to one another. Farrell is particularly inspired on flute and soprano sax,  but Clarke will startle you as well with the sounds he gets from his  bass.<br />The rest of the CD? Fine as well, although you might find Purim's  vocals an acquired taste. For me, a little generally goes a long way, but  on this CD, her voice is tightly interwoven into the compositions and is an  asset rather than a distraction.<br />Those who think of Return to Forever as  a rock band will find this record a surprise -- one way or the other. For  me, it's vastly superior to the fusion records Corea turned out later in  the '70s.
B000002N3J|5.0|Madonna can really sing a ballad when she wants to.  Proof positive is this remarkable compilation from many of her best-selling albums.<br />Any disc that features &quot;Take a Bow,&quot; the best song ever penned by  Babyface, is exceptional.<br />Her cover of Marvin Gaye's &quot;I Want  You&quot; is a killer, also.<br />Some of the Material Girl's best  &quot;material&quot; is here.  ENJOY!
0425152251|5.0|Sophie's World is a brilliantly written novel which presents the great philosophers in the format of an entertaining and intriguing story of an inquiring young woman and her mentor.  While defining philosophy, the story indeed becomes philosophy, drawing the reader into the very questions about  which the story characters are challenged.  Gaarder has accomplished no  easy task in taking complex material and weaving it into a multi-layered  story line, yet doing so in a manner which is delightful and entertaining.   Although this book was perhaps written especially for younger readers who  are experiencing their first introduction to the world of philosophy, it  will also be enjoyed by the more mature and serve as a joyful reminder of  matters long ago studied and not quite forgotten.
B000023X9W|5.0|&quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot; ranks among the greatest acousticwork of Neil's legendary career.  At age 54, and, I believe, the trueking of rock 'n' roll, this mesmerizingly mellow music fits perfectly in year 2000 for Neil.  In fact, from start to finish, this may be Neil's best all-acoustic album...I am very surprised that I am the only one who feels that &quot;Great Divide&quot; is one of Neil's best recorded &quot;out of the blue&quot; songs ever.  From the &quot;canyons of the great divide&quot; to the &quot;horses of the carousel&quot;, the song is achingly beautiful.  I've listened to each song 8 or 9 times; I feel like I'm on Sugar Mountain, and I'm still waiting for myself to come down from the wonderful high I get from &quot;Silver &amp; Gold.&quot; Eventually, it may stack up with my all-time Neil faves: &quot;Rust Never Sleeps&quot;, &quot;After The Gold Rush&quot;, &quot;Zuma&quot;, &quot;On The Beach&quot;, and &quot;Ragged Glory&quot;, of course, to name but a few. There is no more versatile performer in music: the electic/acoustic styles; the tremendous and varied playing of instruments; and the best singer/songwriter since Lennon/McCartney.  Nobody in music projects more heartfelt singing and playing than Neil does.  Thank you, Neil, for the pleasure that your music brings.
B000023X9W|5.0|Seasoned Young devotees will appreciate the subtle beauty of this record, and will find themselves licking their chops at particularly gripping performances such as the nostalgic &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again,&quot;  which is as powerful as Neil gets when it is just the man and his guitar.  More casual or younger fans might have difficulty with less accessible  tunes like the languid but gorgeous 'Red Sun,&quot; which has a Celtic  tinge to it and showcases Emmylou Harris on vocals, or the equally subtle  &quot;Distant Camera&quot; and &quot;Razor Love.&quot; This is billed as  Neil's first truly &quot;solo&quot; album, and so you will only hear Neil  singing most of the time. Gone are the power punch choruses, teeming with  multiple voices that pump the songs full of fire as on Young's best folk  records. Where past songs like &quot;Hank To Hendrix&quot; and &quot;Old  Man&quot; launch out of the speakers with fully realized vocals and tight  harmonies that are the stuff of radio hits, &quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot;  offers the lonely crooning of a songwriter who has seen everything,  traveled to the limits of desire and back, and confronted every emotion and  experience imaginable. But where the songs don't deliver rich choruses,  they make up for it with tasty bursts of guitar, drums and harmonica that  are destined to get listener's heads bobbing around. Like 1974's &quot;On  The Beach,&quot; the intimacy of these songs make you feel like Neil  recorded this album in your living room; it is some of the most comfortable  music he has ever put to tape. Like Lou reed's recent 'Set the Twilight  Reeling,&quot; &quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot; is the relaxed chronicle of  one genius's 50+ years of exeprience. Hopefully, &quot;Silver &amp;  Gold&quot; marks a continuance, and not an end, to that remarkable run  through generations of fans.
B00004LN16|1.0|I don't have a problem with ac/dc, (Except that Brian Johnston can't sing worth a damn), they have a cool sound, but this album is old, They need some new material.  They WERE a great band in the Bon Scott days, and even  Back in Black was great, but they're getting old, and should give it up  pretty soon, or at least experiment a bit.  I sure hope they get back to  Back in Black fourm.
0783114222|5.0|I waited many years for somebody to make a series like this. When 'The Right Stuff' came out I waited impatiently for some kind of follow up, but it never came. Until now. Finally, after Ron Howard's wonderful 'Apollo  13', we have this extraordinary series. We get to see the Astronauts, their  families and Nasa management as something other than two-dimensional  history book figures. Myself and many others cannot express our gratitude  enough for the existence of 'From The Earth To The Moon'. The series gives  good coverage of the Gemini program which often tends to be overlooked,  although a portrayal of the remarkable events of Gemini 6 and 7 would have  been welcome. I know that there was only limited running time and budget to  show certain missions. But more details of the near-mutiny of Apollo 7, the  white-knuckle events of Apollo 10 and the problem solving of Apollo 16  could have been important additions to the series. Perhaps one day someone  will make a long-overdue movie or series about Yuri Gagarin and the  eventful Russian space program, Skylab and the Apollo-Soyuz mission. And  one day, someone could tell the tales of the early Shuttle program and the  Challenger tragedy. Manned spaceflight has many tales left to tell. But for  now, 'From The Earth To The Moon' is a magnificent and very comprehensive  start.
B00001U0DP|1.0|Life is beautiful was the most ridiculous movie I ever saw in my whole life, and I'm not young. The actings are terrible, and Roberto didn't deserved that award. He's just a clown. The ending scene, is funny for  being so pathetic, and only a person with serious bad taste would enjoy it.
0070511136|5.0|I read this book when it was first published (in 1988) and havesince re-read it several times. What is to me remarkable is that it\\"holds up\\" so well over time. Obviously, as the reprintingsindicate, it has been immensely helpful to salespersons as well as to those who train them and to those who supervise them.<br />With the recent and accelerated development of online merchandising, however, I wondered, \\"Has the SPIN System lost any relevance?\\" So I re-read the book again. My answer is \\"Yes\\" and \\"No.\\"<br />\\"Yes\\" in that online merchandising relies so heavily (almost exclusively) on technology to provide information and then to process orders. By the time most prospective buyers visit a website, they have already examined their situation (S), identified a problem (P), considered the implications of that problem (I), and determined the desired need-payoff (N). However, the core principles of SPIN Selling are nonetheless invaluable to those who design the systems by which to expedite online merchandising. For example, the principles can assist with the formulation of feedback mechanisms which enable the prospective buyer to sharpen the focus on her or his specific Situation, Problem, Implication, and Need-payoff. The reality is that \\"customized\\" commodities are still commodities, of course, but a buyer's perception of them may be otherwise.<br />But \\"No\\" in that so many so-called \\"Big Ticket\\" purchases necessarily involve a salesperson. Moreover, there is usually a direct correlation between the amount of the purchase and the length of the sales cycle. In addition, many of these purchases also involve a \\"circle of influence\\" which complicates the situation even more. Use of the SPIN System, therefore, must be sufficiently flexible to accommodate a sometimes wide variety of different (perhaps contradictory) perspectives on the given Situation, Problem, Implication, and Need-payoff. My own rather extensive experience suggests that it is and it does.<br />The latest re-reading also suggested to me, in ways and to an extent previous readings hadn't, that the principles of SPIN Selling (with only minor modifications) can be effectively applied to situations in which nothing is for sale. For example, during the hiring process, when a promotion is being negotiated, or after a major crisis has occurred and must be resolved. Yes, yes, I know. There are excellent reasons why Rackham's book bears the title it does. The title is certainly appropriate. All I presume to suggest is that, for me at least, the principles of SPIN Selling have applications wholly unrelated to the selling process...unless we extend the meaning of \\"selling\\" to include persuasion in almost any context.<br />This is a business \\"classic.\\" Like all other such classics, it deserves to be re-read periodically, both to remind us of what we may have forgotten and to reveal to us what we may have failed to understand before. Within a turbulent global marketplace, moreover, the principles of SPIN Selling have achieved a matrix of relevancies which perhaps even Rackham could not have anticipated in 1988.reading also suggested to me, in ways and to an extent previous readings hadn't, that the principles of SPIN Selling (with only minor modifications) can be effectively applied to situations in which nothing is for sale. For example, during the hiring process, when a promotion is being negotiated, or after a major crisis has occurred and must be resolved. Yes, yes, I know. There are excellent reasons why Rackham's book bears the title it does. The title is certainly appropriate. All I presume to suggest is that, for me at least, the principles of SPIN Selling have applications wholly unrelated to the selling process...unless we extend the meaning of \\"selling\\" to include persuasion in almost any context.<br />This is a business \\"classic.\\" Like all other such classics, it deserves to be re-read periodically, both to remind us of what we may have forgotten and to reveal to us what we may have failed to understand before. Within a turbulent global marketplace, moreover, the principles of SPIN Selling have achieved a matrix of relevancies which perhaps even Rackham could not have anticipated in 1988.
B000002JS6|5.0|all the songs are incredible.responsible for more than one speeding ticket.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Fred Durst and the crew of Limp Bizkit have done it this time: They have finally produced an album that is solid form front to back.  This album may be offensive to some, but it has very good beats and lyrics.  From  &quot;Nookie&quot; to &quot;I'm Broke&quot; to &quot;Break Stuff&quot; and  &quot;Rearranged&quot; this album is a good listen at any time.  One of my  favorite songs, &quot;N2Gether&quot; with Method Man is also featured.   Their best yet and well worth $15 or so.
B0000029AL|4.0|I'll review this for the casual fan.It is a solid slab of hard rock but to me Steven Tyler sounds like he had no confidence in himself.That would change naturally.I do really like their cover of &quot;Walkin' The  Dog&quot;.Of course they quickly went on to become the superstars we know  them as today.&quot;Dream On&quot; is one of the most overplayed songs of  all time.
B000000XB9|5.0|This is the best greatest hits album I have ever heard.  All the hits are here, here are a few of what is on it: &quot;Lookin' Out my Back Door&quot;, &quot;Suzie Q&quot;, &quot;Fortunate Son&quot;,  &quot;Lodi&quot;, &quot;Green River&quot;, and a special 11-minute version  of &quot;Heard It Through The Grapevine&quot;. If you enjoy CCR at all,  this is a must-have.
B000002JST|5.0|You won't mind that &quot;Problem Child&quot; is included here because the other 7 songs are of the same style:fast and loud!  This is just one of a string of great albums they put out between 76-81.
B00000IPAX|2.0|Not only is this not even the groups best album, it is definitly not as good as all the fuss would lead you to believe.  Blink does have their moments on Enema Of the State but they are few and far between.  All The  Small Things is my favorite track and about the only one I enjoy listening  to.  A better &quot;new&quot; group out there is Lit and their debut album  A Place in the Sun, it sounds less like NSync and Backstreet than this  album that could best be described as adequate.
B000002G26|4.0|By balancing his rock style with his syrupy ballad songs this cd is maybe THE essential purchase of Adams you could make.I am starting to think that &quot;Everything I Do&quot; must have inspired Jim Steinnman to start  writing again,but let's not hold that against Bryan Adams.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Man, I am totally engulfed by this CD. It is spectacular in every way. There is rock, funk, ballads, all blending perfectly together to Easily become the Peppers best, and heartfelt effort ever. While I was dismayed by  the hard to swallow One Hot Minute, it was good but doesn't flow like  Californication and is cohesive as the latter either. Bringing back aboard  John Frusciante was a plus, giving back new life into this band that  provided such monster classics Mother's Milk and Bloog Sugar. Frusciante's  guitar is more lustful, peaceful and emotional, sweeping across your brain  waves taking you to beautiful places unlike where as BSSM and Mother's Milk  he was more forceful and metallic. Anthony Kiedis is at the top of his game  lyrically as well, and Flea flows with the guitar instead of fighting it  like it sounded on One Hot Minute with Dave Navaroj. The entire album is a  masterwork but my definite highlight is Otherside, quite possibly their  best ever song. But other highlights are Around the World, I Like Dirt,  Scar Tissue, Road Trippin' and Parrell Universe. It's a dreamer of an trip  even if it exploits the dark side of California
B0000025YW|3.0|The title cut is the only thing worth hearing on this album but the rest are tolerable.If you like what the Scorpions were doing around the time this came out you'll like this,too.But Udo's vocal style is unique unto  himself...thank goodness.
0345363132|5.0|Once again this talented author gave us a deeper insight into the mideval world.  Her depiction of Richard the III is unique as well as a pleasant change.  Her theories are well supported by fact, and make far more sense than the simple stamps of &quot;hunchback&quot; and &quot;murderer&quot;  placed on Richard the III by his enemies.  This book is followed by an  author's note supporting her novel as fact, and explaining any  discrepancies the book contained.  Overall a great read, a wonderful  reference, and a fabulous window to the mystery of the two princes in the  Tower of London.
B0000029AP|5.0|Although the song &quot;You See Me Crying&quot; started their annoying habit of including a power ballad on every album (and everybody else copied) I'll give them credit for putting out one of their best albums in  their 30 year history. 5 starry thumbs up !
078062582X|3.0|Would you pay thirteen dollars (the price of the DVD) to go to a strip bar to see Demi Moore do a strip tease number and then have the chance to see her do it over and over again?  I would and I did. Forget the story and all  the bum raps this film has received.  Seeing her is worth the price of  admission.
B000002JS8|5.0|Man think back !  What an impressive string of awesome albums AC/DC put out back then.And this my friends is the finest hour the band had.No filler, every track has great riffs and memorable melodies.My favorite is  &quot;Girls Got Rhythm&quot;. They're all great.
B00000295Y|2.0|I Liked Cypress Hill more when they first came out.There First Album is still their Best as far as I'm Concearned.the Problem with this Disc&amp;much of their Music is that they only Mainly talk about Weed.They  Have Talent but it gets to be a One Trick Pony after a while.Insane&amp;I  wanna get high are still the cuts.
B000002JS0|5.0|Bon Scott comes on like a dirty old man in a raincoat in &quot;Little Lover&quot;. TNT is the AC/DC anthem (on this album anyway).&quot;The Jack&quot; is subdued compared to the version on If You Want Blood... but  hey it's all good.
B0000024Z7|5.0|Too Really Appreciate the Genius&amp;depth Of Santana than this is the Record to have.The Tones&amp;Vibe of this Great Disc is Mind-Blowing.What A Grand Fusion Of Music here.The Arrangements&amp;Creativity here are  Fantastic.A Must Have.
B000002672|1.0|I said I would review my entire collection for you. I do not own this record.Not anymore.I threw it away.It was that bad.I needed the space for more musically inclined recordings. My advice: AVOID this one.
B000002JPA|3.0|Sure, the members of Dream Theater are good musicians (if a tad over-hyped) but there is more to music than technical flash.  To compare Dream Theater's guitarist to Joe Satriani is a bit misleading.  Satriani  knows the value of the song and never sacrifices the song in favor of  technical indulgence.  Petrucci could learn a lesson or two from Satriani.   And even though Mike Portnoy is a decent drummer, he is not the best.  Nor  is he even close.  To compare Portnoy to Rush's Peart is misleading.  Like  Satriani, Peart doesn't sacrifice the song in favor of technical  silliness.<br />My seemingly harsh analysis aside, Dream Theater is capable of  writing great songs.  It is unfortunate that they have decided that  technical over-the-topness is more important than great songwriting.  The  truly great progressive bands know when enough is enough and they know the  value of a great song.<br />Images &amp; Words is a mixed bag.  Songs such as  &quot;Pull Me Under&quot;, &quot;Another Day&quot;, &quot;Surrounded&quot;  and &quot;Wait for Sleep&quot; show us what great music is all about: it's  the songs, stupid.<br />Meanwhile, &quot;Take The Time&quot;,  &quot;Metropolis-Part I: The Miracle &amp; The Sleeper&quot;, &quot;Under A  Glass Moon&quot; and &quot;Learning To Live&quot; each have their moments  but are bogged down by technical excess and unnecessary flash.<br />It's a  mixed bag.  It's a worthwhile pick-up, though.  There are a few songs I  never tire of but if you really aren't into overly-technical music, skip  it.<br />Note: Images &amp; Words has a Rush/Metallica/Kansas/Queensryche vibe  going for it.
B00000263T|3.0|as to what awaited you when you started playing the album.Metal with a heart,aww,that's precious.Especially with Udo's vocal stylings...yecch.Well actually the title cut is pretty good.This is where the downward slide  began for Accept.
0783225792|5.0|Once again, Martin Scorsese pairs up with the dynamic duo of mob movies: Deniro and Pesci, and once again they've create an amazing, epic movie. Unfortunately, I must say that this movie isn't quite as good as  goodfellas, but is very close. It has superb directing, great cast(who  beats Deniro and Pesci?), and a wonderful story about the rise and fall of  a mafia owned casino.<br />As great as this movie is, i must say something  about the violence. This is by far the most violent movie I have ever seen.  Before i saw this one, I thought that Goodfellas was as violent as things  can get, and then Natural born killers. But this movie gets the cake when  it comes to disturbing violence. This isn't an unnecissarily violent movie  however, but rather a realisticly violent one. It depicts some of the  terrible things that really happened to people in the mafia, and Martin  Scorsese isn't afraid to show it all. I personally don't believe that this  movie should be seen by anyone under 15, and only to the most MATURE 15  year olds. As a highschooler myself who has been desensitized by violence,  I found it very hard to sit through the end baseball bat scene, and when it  was over, that part in particular left sort of a bad taste in my mouth and  kept me up at night.  However, the violence will detract from the movie  only if you are faint at heart or not use to such gruesome scenes.  First,  see goodfellas. Then see Casino.
B000002GGU|5.0|This is his finest collection of songs.Great music to represent the 80s.I am really tired of &quot;Summer of 69&quot; only because MTV overplayed it to death,but that's nothing new for them...eh,buy it you'll like it.
0316920045|5.0|If for no  other reason, one should attempt the book for the shear power over language  Wallace posses. His ability to write a single sentence that spans three  pages, his unending vocabulary, and brilliant creation of sentence  structure, is pure poetry for the reader who is tired and troubled by the  current state of modern fiction. Infinite Jest will be in the Literary  Canon. Enjoy it today!
0783240503|5.0|Donny Osmund is incredible in this movie.  He makes the transition between the young Joseph and older Joseph very well maturing on the stage.  Marion Friedman as the narrator is also excellent.  I had not seen the play before  and was surprized at how much more varied the songs in this are from the  later Rice and Weber musicals.  Our children from 2 to 13 found something  to like in this performance.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Rarely does a band come out with a sophmore release that is better than a freshman debut that actually had a hit song. &quot;Title Of Record&quot; is mature, and powerful, loud, angry and pensive -- a collage of emotions,  blended perfectly with stirring and stunning vocals. If you liked Hey Man  Nice Shot, get this and discover how broad of a band Filter really is. And  now that the radio has killed Take A Picture, it is still worth mentioning  that it is a classic song, and it will be remembered. Get this album, the  whole thing is worth listening to.
B000000H4V|5.0|Sepultura's first dip into the tribal element of their music is a masterpiece and a half. As soon as the opening track `Refuse/Resist' kicked in I was in love with this album, its a real romper-stomper of a track and  also an early version of `Roots Bloody Roots' from the `Roots' album. Its  clear this album was a transition point for Sepultura, they still thrash  with the best of them but the introduction of tribal drums adds that bit  extra flavour. Sepultura were later to plunge more tribal with `Roots' but  I felt they dropped the thrash element which is what makes `Chaos AD' so  special. The tracks themselves are awesome, no turkeys here. `Territory'  continues to rage as hard as the awesome opener and theres plenty of  variation to follow. The acoustic `Kaiowas' is certainly a step away from  the norm for Sepultura and its pretty good too. Its plain to see this is  where Sepultura took a major step away from being `just another thrash  metal band' and introduced a bit more experimentation into their style. And  Max's vocals are as beautifully aggressive as ever.<br />If you like the  tribal element to this check our the album `Roots', but if its the thrash  which appeals more then check out the album before this, `Arise'.<br />Fast,  loud, heavy, thrashy and tribal - this is Sepultura at their peak with all  the best elements.
B0000039LE|5.0|Warning-some spoilers ahead.This is one of the best horror films ever! If you want want blood and gore galore,get away.But if you want to be scared out of your pants,THIS IS IT!  John Carpenter really knows what horror  films are made of.This film has almost everything.A great cast that pulls  off excellent performances,an awesome theme song, a likeable villan and  plenty of sheer terror!  Michael Myers is an awesome movie villan and one  of my favorite villans of all time.He truly defines the word  &quot;scary&quot;.He's just awesome.And the hero,Dr.Loomis,is very likeable  too.Donald Pleasance gave a ground-breaking performance as  Loomis.He  proved that old men could kick major @$$.The film was HIGHLY entertaining  and creepy all at once.The atmosphere is very dark and scary and fits in  just right.And Mike,he's just terrifying! The sequels that followed were  pretty cool,but didn't live up to the terror and brilliance of this!  Although there is practically no gore,it's WAY up there in sheer  terror.Just buy this right now! One word of warning though-if you easily  get scared,DON'T,I repeat,DON't watch this movie! Rated R-contains  &quot;mild&quot; violence and a scene of brief nudity.
0792844890|5.0|This movie rocked! I saw it a few years ago, and it was great! It is a mockery of Star Wars, Star Trek, the mob, pizza, and much more! It is about the kidnapping of Princess Vespa, who is like leia. After Lone Star and  Barf, the mockeries of Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, and Chewbacca, save her  from the spaceballs, they have to stop them from stealing all the oxygen  from Vespa's home planet. Rick Moranis is hilarious as Dark Helmet, who is  a short guy that only takes off his helmet when no one's looking. Mel  Brooks, as Yogurt, the Spaceballs merchandiser, is very funny. I cannot  possibly explain how funny this movie is in 1,000 words.But if you want to  laugh like crfazy, buy it!
6305171769|5.0|Warning-some spoilers ahead.This is an excellent entry in the series and is right up there with the first two films.It's a huge improvement over parts 4-6,although it seems to throw away the plots of those.Directer Miner  does a fantastic job and this is easily one of his best.The story and  script is above average and the plot is great. Mike's mask is also better  than ever.Chris Durand is pretty good at playing Myers and the acting is  great.The film isn't that gory but is pretty scary.The ending is  decent,though a bit of a disappointment considering that Mike got killed!  Oh well.The film still rocks.Overall,this is a huge improvment over the  last three,but can;t live up to the brilliance of the first two films. I  still highly recommend it.Rated R-contains gory violence and some strong  language.
6305807086|3.0|I have to be honest. This movie was a little okay. I usually love movies that are different. But this was bad. Take perfectly good actors like John Cuasack, Cameron Diaz and John Malkovich, and put them in this publicity  stunt of a movie. I really hated the fact that Catherine Keener gave up...  I won't give anything away. There are like, 500 sex scenes, and none of  them mean anything except that this movie isn't for kids. If your looking  for a complete waste of time of a movie, go see Being John Malkovich.
6304288433|5.0|Warning-some spoilers ahead.This is most likely the best of all the sequels.It's not quite as good as the original,but it comes darn close.It's just as scary as the first,and there was one vital ingrediant that the  first film lacked-blood and gore.It's plentiful.Serrated kitchen knife  shoved into neck,eyeball gouged out with needle and throat slit with  scalpel.VERY graphic.There are some interesting things you can learn about  Mike's past as well.The special FX are pretty good,such as the scene where  the car crashes into the kid and the end battle sequence.The plot is great  and the story and script above-average.Dick Warlock is awesome at playing  Myers and is possibly the best Shape to date! Mike's mask is also very cool  looking and even creepier than the mask from the first film.Overall,a  fantastic sequel that comes darn close to being as good as the first.Buy  this and the first movie and watch 'em both alone in the dark.If you dare!  Rated R-contains gory violence,brief nudity and some bad language.
6302517036|5.0|What a great line from a fantastic movie. The awsomething is how they added thehumor and totaly held up the myths about Vampires.The horrible transformationthat Jerry Dandrige takes on is exactly how I always thought  Vampires should look. Not the black cape Bela Lagosi look.And the part were  he crushes the Cross and saysYou got to have faith for this to work on me  Mr Vincent. And digging up the Banister with his fingernail was just  cool.Chris Sarandon is the bestVampire ever. Cool,Class and scary. Check  out his walk when he is in Charliesmothers room. I sware he is gliding.  Just little things like that makes this movieone of the greats.Dont miss it  if you havntalready seen it. Its a keeper..
0792844793|5.0|There really isn't anything more to say about this film that hasn't already been said, so I'll limit my comments to the quality of the DVD itself. First, I never saw this in theatrical release, so seeing it on DVD  in its original aspect ratio of 2.35:1 was almost like seeing it for the  first time...almost. The transfer is excellent and the sound is more than  adequate, considering they didn't go back and remix it for 5.1 surround.  You won't find any &quot;goodies&quot; on this disc (unless you consider  the theatrical trailer a goodie) like director commentary or deleted  scenes, but it's not like Lynch to reflect upon past work, so that's no  surprise. If you've never seen this film, this is the way to see it. And  you will either love it or hate it. For every 5 star review, you can easily  find a 1 star review (you won't find many 3 star reviews of this film). If  you've only seen it on VHS, like I have, you're in for a treat; the  widescreen presentation here only enhances the film's already hypnotic and  disturbing quality, so what more can you ask for? I can only hope the DVD  release of &quot;Wild at Heart&quot; isn't far behind.
1559409002|5.0|This movie is GREAT! way ahead of its time. It seems to have a soul of its own,like a piece of art. I hate when new movies like the Sixth Sense come out and everyone is like &quot;wow what an original idea&quot; This is the  idea. this is the movie! Love the organ music 2
B0000029J5|5.0|Well I guess someone had to do it eventually but I never thought I would see the day......finally Robert Johnson's reincarnate has hit the blues scene with the force of a tidal wave, only this time we have the technology  to capture the true sound. This debut album (his best offering so far) is  simply kebtastic.  Best track - 'Am I Wrong'. There is little more to say -  just go buy it !
B00000I01A|4.0|Pulse-racing, adrenaline-pumping set of songs that are guaranteed to get you inspired to take on any task ahead of you.<br />&quot;Burning Heart&quot; and the now classic &quot;Eye of the Tiger&quot; by Survivor are included,  both with that gritty and passionate vocal style.  My personal favorite,  &quot;Hearts on Fire,&quot; is a runaway train of drama and intensity.   Cafferty is highly underrated, although he does sound an awful lot like  Springsteen.<br />James Brown gets on the good foot with &quot;Living in  America,&quot; which, let's face it, is a pretty silly song when you get  right down to it.  However, it is a fun song that puts a smile on your  face.  Tepper's &quot;No Easy Way Out&quot; surges with determination, and  a never-say-die attitude. <br />The Vince DiCola instrumentals are SUPERB.  I  have to set my car on cruise when these come on, because I find myself  speeding when I crank these babies up.<br />Kenny Loggins and Go West also  give credible performances.  All in all, a grand collection of passionate  songs that make you feel good.
B000001DTM|5.0|Dear God:<br />I have only one thing to request You. When the moment arrive, and You come to take me, please do me a favor, give me some time to hear ONE once. And if Your will it allows, let me hear ZOO STATION, EVEN BETTER  THAN THE REAL THING, UNTIL THE END OF THE WORLD, WHO'S GONNA RIDE YOUR WILD  HORSES, SO CRUEL, THE FLY, MISTERIOUS WAYS, ULTRAVIOLET, etc.<br />Thank You.
0792844793|5.0|David Lynch's masterpiece has finally made it to the home format of choice and the results are spectacular.   Compared to VHS, laserdisc and television broadcasts, the anamorphic DVD is a revelation.  The muddy  colors and terribly cropped compositions are replaced by a brilliant,  detailed transfer and enveloping, sharp surround audio.<br />Now the viewer  can be properly introduced and drawn into Mr. Lynch's eerie, beautiful  world.  Just beware... like the main character, Jeffrey Beaumont... you may  be changed forever.<br />Get it now and remember... &quot;don't you look at  me!&quot;
0451169514|5.0|This book has, at the time of writing this review, been reviewed 422 times and has a five star average review. This is indicative of the quality of this book. This book is over a thousand pages long but I read it from  beginning to end in couple of weeks, getting 'pulled in' night after night,  reading three times as many chapters as I intended to read each  evening.<br />This book is very well written indeed. The characterisation is  first class and the plot is well thought out. I would not say this book was  'scary' as such but it is certainly an exciting read. The sections where  King writes about what it is like to be a pre-teen are excellent, he writes  very convincingly about childhood. The ending is a little bit unusual, but  it is still a fitting ending to the story.<br />I have to say that this is the  best Stephen King book that I have read so far, possibly the best book I  have ever read.
0385484518|5.0|Having been born and raised in the Detroit, Michigan area, I'm very familiar with Mitch Albom and really love his work.  So, I find it really hard to take some of the previous reviewers who see Mitch as a greedy,  money hungry, person who only got &quot;interested&quot; in Morrie once he  saw him on &quot;Nightline&quot;.   How very UNTRUE.  Mitch is a kind and  generous man who was just living a life, as many of us do.  Work, success  and money drive so many, and the mere fact that he was able to reconect  with his college professor in the last few months of Morrie's life, is a  real testament to Mitch's heart.  This is a wonderful story with so many  lessons in it.  Some may say it's too simple and we all know it, but I  don't see many people living their lives that way now.  The endearing soul  and lessons of Morrie should be first and foremost in so many of our lives,  but sadly it took the face of death for Morrie's voice to awaken them.    This is an amazing book that everyone should take a few hours and read.  It  certainly made me rethink some decisions in my life.  And, I hope that by  doing that, I too, might have made Morrie proud.
B000000OSG|4.0|Although this was one of the albums that helped to shape my musical tastes, and although this was my favourite album about five years ago, I do not feel I can give it five stars.<br />Although all the songs, apart from the  abysmal 'My world', are very well written, some are them are, to be blunt,  boring. Although songs like 'Get in the ring', 'shotgun blues' and 'your  could be mine' are all-time classics, I found 'Estranged', 'yesterdays' and  '14 years' to be rather dull.<br />Slash's guitar work on this album is truly  excellent.<br />Although this is a good album, 'Appitite...' completely blows  this away. Appitite is a much more raw, raunchy, rock and roll album.
0460879146|5.0|There is no greater author than Jane Austin.  Some may disagree, as is their right, but I will NEVER agree with them.  I love her.  LOVE, isn't a strong enough word.  And, this book is on my TOP FIVE favs. of all time.  The story of these sisters is timeless and the struggle for independance  while still searching for love, could have been written today.  Jane Austin  was SO ahead of her time.  Elinor and Maryann's relationship is so  endearing and the heartbreak you feel for them is all consumming.  You  won't be able to put down this novel until you are satisfied that this  wonderful and amazing women will be content in their respective lives.  The  language, whit and concern taken with these characers is a true testament  to the talent of Jane Austin.  She's amazing.  No doubt about it.
0156347113|5.0|Page 383. <br />The ideas of economist and political philosophers, both when they are right and wrong, are more powerful than commonly understood. Indeed the world is ruled by little else. Practical men, who belive  themselves to be quite exempt from any ntellectual influences, are usually  the slaves of some defunct economist. Madmen in authority, who hear voices  in the air, are still distilling thier frenzy from some academic scribbler  of a few years past. I am sure that the power of vested interests is vastly  exaggerated compared with the gradual enroachment of ideas.
630018403X|5.0|And, in my opinion.....THE BEST ONE!   &quot;Breakfast Club&quot; is absolutely one of the smartest and accurate views into the world of high school.  The cast is fabulous, the music ROCKS and it's the best movie by  director John Hughes.  He has insight into the mind of a teenager, like no  one else.   &quot;The Breakfast Club&quot; is without a doubt, a must see  for everyone!
B000002C1Z|5.0|I will make this sweet and simple. If you don't own headphones, go buy some. Then carefully lie back and listen to Animals ( at least twice while reading the lyrics)....  YOU WILL BE HOOKED.....I PROMISE!
6304383827|5.0|Gwenyth Paltrow is a wonderful &quot;Emma&quot;.  She carries this sweet, funny and all around wonderful movie on her thin shoulders.  Her charm and grace, completely personify the character of Emma, in this adaptation of  the Jane Austin novel.  This is the sweetest little movie and should have  gotten more attention.  It's wonderful movie and the settings, costumes,  and countryside are breathtaking.  A great movie!
0440219078|5.0|I think The Giver was an excellent book.  I would recommend that book to everyone.  Lois Lowry did a great job in describing the details and keeping the readers attention.  I don't think I lost interest once; it was hard to  put the book down for one second.  I disagree with what other readers had  to say.  People say that the society Jonas lived in was perfect?  After  thinking about it, I don't see a perfect society in my mind. I didn't like  the fact that everyone had bikes instead of cars.  What's the reason for  that?  Everyday was the same weather.  I know some people like different  weather than others, but a little variety wouldn't hurt.  Also, another  reason for its imperfect existence is the purpose of release.  I find that  cruel the way that they do that to people; I don't find that perfect at  all.  I'm an active person and I don't like how everyone in the story was  lazy.  It seemed as if they were all slaves and they had no freedom.  The  characters had no feelings about life.  In today's society you have to work  hard to achieve a perfect family, house, and lifestyle, but there isn't  anyone who has a perfect life.  Everyone has some problems or difficulties  in life, but in The Giver, everything was good.  I know today's society is  out of control, but I think the community in the story is torture.  Life is  an adventure, but not in The Giver.  Everything we go through in life  serves a purpose, so think about if the town is perfect or not.  The Giver  is an excellent book and I recommend you read it.
B000001FS3|5.0|Like just a few other albums we are reviewing, this is one of those drawing universal and critical acclaim.  It is most definately well deserved praise.<br />I agree with the reviewer who advises putting on the  headphones to hear all that is here.  &quot;With or Without You&quot; is a  wonerdfully lush, layered and full piece of music.  Ditto with my personal  favorite &quot;Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; and &quot;In  God's Country&quot;  What wonderful songs and lyrics.  &quot;One Tree  Hill&quot; and &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name&quot; are great road  songs, and somehow make my lead-foot even heavier.<br />A wonderful album.   Consider the fact that those unhappy souls who dis this album because  others by U-2 were somehow not as good will NEVER be satisfied.  What a  shame.  <br />Perhaps the last great rock album.
0930289455|4.0|I've found that sometimes writers have a hard time getting a grip on writing the Joker as a character.  Alan Moore has no problem with that!  His portrayal of Batman and Commissioner Gordon are also right on.  This is  the story that led to Barbara Gordon (the daughter, not the mother)  becoming Oracle.  Bravo to Mr. Moore for such a captivating and absorbing  story!
B00000F1D3|5.0|I agree with some, The Power is better with Amy Grant..BUT, this CD still is really, really good...Believe just has the spirit to make you want to get up and dance! Runaway is one of those self-pity songs...All or Nothing  is just a fun song, but also talks about trying to find out if a  relationship is worth it or not...I could go on and on, but Cher is really  good...I used to always think of Cher with &quot;I Got You Babe&quot;, but  Cher has certainly made her mark with Believe. This is a CD you really  won't want to miss!
B00000JCOV|5.0|All metal fans should get this album by Slipknot. I love it. Every song is great. Slipknot's masks are awesome. They are great drummers. Wait Bleed is a great song. Sic is the best song on the album. The rest of the songs ae  equally good. I love them there my favorite. Everyone get this cd!
B00000253N|5.0|Simply put, Blood On The Tracks is one of the greatest albums of the rock era and stands, arguably, as the greatest album in Dylan's long career.  <br />It's an incredibly honest album, achingly so at times.  Though Dylan has  scoffed at the notion of Blood On The Tracks as a paean to his recently  ended marriage to his wife Sara, it's hard to ignore the intensely personal  nature of these songs - almost all of which deal with the loss of love.   <br />The instrumentation is spare - guitar, drum, bass and, occasionally,  harmonica.  Somehow nothing else seems appropriate, as if anything more  complicated would negate the power of these songs.  Dylan has never sounded  better, although arguments about his voice have always somehow missed the  mark.  <br />Which, of course, brings us to the songs.  The record starts with  one of Dylan's best and most loved story-songs, \\"Tangled Up In Blue,\\" which  manages somehow to be both joyous and tragic at the same time.  For fans  who were still listening by the mid `70s, this opening track must have  signaled that the winds had changed.  <br />Their hopes were borne out by the  remaining nine tracks, all of which hit their mark. Both \\"Simple Twist Of  Fate\\" and \\"You're a Big Girl Now\\" reveal Dylan to be a changed man from the  youthful rebel of the mid `60s.  Never an optimist, these songs show an  even sadder, more resigned side of the songwriter.   <br />\\"Idiot Wind\\" is  perhaps the most bilious piece in Dylan's entire canon of work, but its  power is impossible to deny.  <br />\\"You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You  Go\\" and \\"Meet Me In The Morning\\" are simple expressions of loss, pending  and present, respectively.  <br />\\"Lily, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts\\" is  another classic Dylan story-song, psychically akin to \\"Frankie Lee and  Judas Priest\\" from John Wesley Harding.  <br />\\"If You See Her, Say Hello,\\" is  quite possible the saddest song that Dylan ever wrote, and his vocal  performance here is enough to draw tearsfrom the attentive listener.   <br />\\"Shelter From The Storm\\" offers a more positive theme, and it doesn't  come a minute too soon.  The album closes with the simple and sad \\"Buckets  of Rain.\\"  By the time he sings \\"Life is sad/Life is a bust/All you can do  is do what you must,\\" you either believe him, or you weren't listening.
B000000OA6|4.0|Many years after its release, \\"Innuendo\\" is an album that continues to impress and intrigue, which of course was part of the whole point, as far as Freddie Mercury was probably concerned, anyway.  Recorded during the truly horrible last months of Freddie's life, this record is not just a  testament to his \\"The Show Must Go On\\" perseverance.  It is a fine going out for Queen as a group.  Obviously seeing that the end was close at hand, the band put their noses to the grindstone to produce a full salvo, emptying all the bullets from the chamber type-album.  Their best effort since \\"The Works\\", \\"Innuendo\\" is a tribute to Queen's startling diversity, pomposity and sheer inventiveness.  And since it was recorded under the most dire of circumstances, it is of course that album that is linked the most to Freddie's passing.  Of course, ever the showman, Freddie no doubt knew this would become the case, as well as the fact that this is truly an album that needed to be appreciated fully  with the passage of time.  And like a fine wine, \\"Innuendo\\" has  aged very well.  It is not a perfect album, but then again, what Queen album ever was?  It is, however, a great listen, especially when  remembering the conditions it was made under.  A grand finale (\\"Made In Heaven\\" notwithstanding) to one of the very best lineups to tread the boards.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best action movie I have ever seen, plus it's sci-fi. It has a tremondous plot line that's original. I was so dissapointed when the movie ended, because I wanted so much more. I can't wait for the sequel/prequel.
0792844890|5.0|This movie's hilarious, even if you don't get Star Wars. Mel Brooks spoofs everything from Star Trek to Star Wars (there's even a Wizard of Oz parody), and does a good job, sparing nothing. I liked the Instant Video  scene (which makes me laugh no matter how many times I watch it), the scene  where the ship goes into &quot;ludicrous speed&quot;, the A--hole scene,  and the scene where President Skroob reveals his luggage combination  (12345). If you've seen Galazy Quest or any Star Wars or Star Trek flick,  you will enjoy this.
052594527X|5.0|I haven't finished this book yet because I am savoring it!  After reading some of the reviews, I am wondering why does every book have to be bells and whistles and &quot;wham bam, thank you author&quot;? My fourteen year  old daughter has read this book, loved it,and we are both now interested in  Vermeer's paintings.  This book conjures up in wonderful gentle words how  the Vermeer household might have been and her words are an open door to  explore Vermeer's masterpieces. Don't you think that a good book should  inspire interests in different directions? I love this book!
B000001E7L|5.0|I think This is one of the best groups of the 90's/and the song 'Zombie' kinda sums it  all up! Plus 'ode to my     family. I'm a vietnam vet &amp;    kinda relate to this album,    sure hope the Cranberries can  get another  grand slam.- Bob
6305428522|5.0|At the end of Redford's best film,  Quiz Show, one of the indignent producers of &quot;21&quot; says that (to paraphraze) 'the quiz shows will be back, they'll just make the questions easier because no one was watching  for a display of intelectual prowess, but they were watching the money.'   With the flood of big money, small brains quiz shows with multiple choice  questions that have hit the air waves in the past year, no one can deny the  prophetic power of the film.  And with great performances and a lack of  clear good guys and bad guys, theres nothing that stops this from being one  of the best film of the 90's.
B00000K31V|4.0|OK ! eXistenZ is not the best movie of the Canadian director David Cronenberg. So what ? Do we have to despise him in the same manner some people have despised John Carpenter in the mid-nineties ? I think that we  ought to remember that the filmography of Raoul Walsh and Alfred Hitchcock  counts a certain number of not so glorious movies !<br />And I loved the  toothgun, a Cronenbergian weapon which shoots teeth and the game pod, a pod  dedicated to all the seganintendosony addicts. Slightly erotic, isn't it,  guys ? In fact, eXistenZ could have been named SeXistenZ. The way the games  are downloaded in humans is, it's the least one can say, very sexual and a  second or third vision of eXistenZ could reveal some other surprises hidden  in the movie.<br />The weakness of the movie lies in the screenplay. Is  eXistenZ a charge against video games which, according to David Cronenberg,  are the new drug threatening our children ? If it is, the demonstration  isn't convincing at all. I prefer to consider eXistenZ as the gameroom  containing all the obsessions or our beloved director. And the key is  ours.<br />A DVD dedicated to Philip K. Dick.
0800141628|3.0|STAND BY ME and AMERICAN GRAFFITI have a lot more in common than the character of Richard Dreyfuss only, the writer who finds the subjects of his books in his childhood and teenage period. Rob Reiner like George Lucas  knows that music is a powerful instrument which will lead the audience in a  nostalgic condition of mind. So let's forget the improbable plot of STAND  BY ME and enjoy the adventures of Chris and Gordie.<br />I haven't read  Stephen King's book, so I cannot judge what Rob Reiner has added to King's  plot or ideas. What is interesting in this movie, apart of the nostalgic  feelings that arise in our hearts, is the tragic atmosphere surrounding the  trip of these young kids. Blood, death and fate are the constant subject of  conversation of these boys as if their adventure should be seen as a symbol  of the rites of passage from childhood into manhood that one still finds in  certain parts of the globe. It's clear that the dead boy our little heroes  want to find so badly represents their own childhood. The scene of Gordie's  fainting when he sees the blood in his pants can also be understood as the  masculine remembrance of a young girl's menstruation.<br />I have seen this  movie 13 years ago when it was released and the impact it had on me then  was far deeper than now. The child in me, perhaps, is finally going to  die.<br />A DVD for River.
6305470464|5.0|I had never even heard of this movie before I ran across it at the video store.  I picked it up and looked at the box and noticed the long list of amazing actors, and when it said it had to do with love and romance (my  favorite type of movies) I decided to selected this one.  I not only was  impressed with the acting but I fell in love with each of the charcters.   After the film was over I found myself stating lines from the film like  &quot;Angerball&quot; or &quot;talking about love is like dancing about  architecture.&quot;     I have to say this is a must see movie!   And on a  side note Angelina Jolie and Ryan Phillepe were the highlights of this  amazing romantic movie!
0783113943|5.0|I have never heard of this woman before I saw this movie. So I watched knowing nothing about her Based on a her life events, I was interested already. I was really young when she began her modeling career and when she  died as well. &quot;GIA&quot; showed how troubled she was and the problems  she had growing up in her family. Also the impact AIDS had on her life in  general. Dying of something you don't know what it is you are dying from.  Now that alone is scary. AIDS was something new in the late 70's/early  80's. Not much was known about it. &quot;GIA&quot; is easy to follow and  not boring one bit. At points throughout the movie, I was left guessing  what she would do next. How far would GIA, this famous model, go to make  herself happy? A woman who had everthing in life, but was still unhappy.  You will have to find out yourself. It takes you on for a wild ride and  leaves you wanting more. &quot;GIA&quot; keeps you on the edge of your seat  at times. But also Angelina Jolie does an excellent job at keeping the  audience focused on the character's emotions. Too tragic of an ending  indeed for someone who definately was at the top of her game in the  modeling business. Great actress Angelina Jolie is and brings a great  amount of justice to GIA, her work, and life.
B00000AFWW|4.0|When I bought this cd I bought it for the songs &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; and &quot;Malibu&quot;..the only ones I had heard, now the rest have grown on me such as my favorite &quot;Northern Star&quot;..its a good cd, however  I don't like some of the lyrics..they sound too emotionless and made up.
B0000028UK|5.0|pearl jam has made their best album with &quot;vs.&quot; just about all the songs on this one are top notch..best are &quot;go&quot;  &quot;animal&quot; &quot;daughter&quot; &quot;dissident&quot;  &quot;blood&quot; &quot;rearview mirror&quot; &quot;elderly woman...&quot;  and &quot;leash&quot;  ..vedder has never sounded better and the band  sounds alot better than they did on &quot;ten&quot; ..this is an absoute  must have for any pearl jam fan. I LOVE IT!
B0000027RL|5.0|This is the only Pearl Jam cd that I own, but I have heard many of their other music. My friend got me this cd Christmas of 1999 and I love it..my favorite songs are &quot;Alive&quot; &quot;Even Flow&quot;  &quot;Jeremy&quot; and &quot;Black&quot;..if you don't already have this cd  you should get it! I promise you wont regret it!
B0000027RL|5.0|TEN TEN TEN..what was TEN? AHHHHH it was the debut album of the GREATEST BAND IN ROCK MUSIC!  a man named eddie vedder and his posse have created one of the most memorable rock albums in rock music..and the thing is its  not even their best.VS. was even better! &quot;EVEN FLOW&quot;  &quot;ALIVE&quot; &quot;JEREMY&quot; &quot;BLACK&quot; and  &quot;PORCH&quot;  are flat out memorable rock tunes.i especially love  &quot;porch&quot; .listening to this cd makes u wish u were at their  concert. EDDIE IS THE MAN
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica is one of my favorite bands..I love them. But most of all I love this cd! It is my favorite one by them..they do some good new music, but their old music is the best. This cd is a good reflection of their past.  The music and lyrics rock! It's a must have for a Metallica fan, or anyone!
079284209X|5.0|&quot;Ronin&quot; is director John Frankenheimer's homage to 70s French thrillers. It's got forceful acting, awesome car chase scenes, good shooting, and moody, realistic European locations.<br />THIS FILM IS FOR YOU  IF ... This movie is for you if you like darkish, 70's-style,  European-flavored thrillers that balance action with introspection,  intelligence, paranoia, and ambiguity. You probably also like La Femme  Nikita, The Little Drummer Girl, The Final Option, the novels of John Le  Carre, and so on ...<br />IT'S NOT FOR YOU IF ... Avoid &quot;Ronin&quot; if  you're looking for an action movie that is all-American, straightforward,  uncomplicated, Hollywood blockbuster style, good guys vs. bad guys,  blow-em-up. Go rent Con Air.
B00000J7J4|5.0|My favorite all time Santana song is their real old one &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;..which was actually a song by legendary rock band, Fleetwood Mac..first. Supernatural reflects the true talents of Carlos Santana. I'm  getting a little tired of &quot;Smooth&quot;..but I love the one with Eric  Clapton, &quot;Maria Maria&quot; is growing on me and &quot;Put Your Lights  On&quot; is still my favorite track. I don't have to tell you, you've all  heard it on the radio, but buy this cd!
0784011796|5.0|How many film do you know of that employ an &quot;ant wrangler&quot;?  Darren Aronofsky, a Harvard and AFI grad, son of a Yeshiva of Flatbush  (Brooklyn) science teacher created this story of a troubled, paranoid,  lonely, self-absorbed, and obsessive mathematician, Maximillian Cohen, who  uses his  computer to decode the key to order in the universe.  Alone in  his darkened, multi-locked, Chinatown apartment (is this his holy of  holies, is it any wonder that his last name is &quot;Cohen&quot;?), Max  alternates between bouts of migraine headaches and computing. (Is he being  punished like the sons of Aaron?  How could god reveal the truth of pi to  Max and not someone greater?) Max finds himself highly sought after and  valued by both a greedy Wall Street firm and a sect of ambitious Hasidim  who seek to jump-start a Messianic era. Filmed in black and white shot  reversal filmstock (cheaper than color, and less gray than regular b/w)  with a pulsing electronic score. I highly recommend this Sundance 98 Award  for Dramatic Directing winner to anyone interested in computing, science  fiction, Wall Street, the game &quot;GO&quot;, or math. Mark Margolis in  the role of Sol was perfect casting. Hidden item.. note the sequence of  max's pill popping... it is a Fibonacci sequence.  By the way, Aronofsky  got &quot;into&quot; numerology very, very briefly when, at age 18, he  volunteered to work on a, Israeli kibbutz, only to be placed into their  plastics factory, and not the orchards.  After two days, he  escaped and  high-tailed it to Jerusalem.  At the Kotel, backpack in hand, he got  snatched up for a few days by Aish ha Torah-like Discovery weekend in  Jerusalem.
B000002MFN|5.0|Along with &quot;Ray of Light&quot; and &quot;Like A Prayer&quot;, this is one of Madonna's genius creations.  To say that she didn't get the credit (or the Grammy nods) she deserved for this album would be an  understatement.  It's a concept album at heart, deling with some dark  themes and issues such as S&amp;M (&quot;Erotica&quot;), loneliness  (&quot;Bad Girl&quot;) AIDS(&quot;In This Life&quot;), and unrequited love  (&quot;Rain&quot;).  Musically, it's some of her most inventive work to  date. The jazz-fueled &quot;Secret Garden&quot; is luscious, and the  re-make of &quot;Fever&quot; would make even Peggy Lee and Elvis groove  out.  Unfortunately, the music of &quot;Erotica&quot; was all but eclipsed  with the public furor over SEX and Body of Evidence.
B000002A33|5.0|Dust is my favorite album of all time.  If you stranded me only one CD in my discman, I would be content to hear this record and only this record for the rest of my life.  Mark Lanegan is the consummate rock vocalist.  His  singing can both beckon with its warmth and frighten with its growl.  Dust  is defined by its immediacy and a beautiful sensibility for texture; not  one of the ten tracks fails to fulfill these qualities.  The album's  centerpiece, &quot;Sworn and Broken,&quot; particularly glows as one of the  most beautiful songs in all of rock-- the mellotron solo is sublime.  I  can't say enough good things about Dust by the Screaming Trees.
6302952573|1.0|April 23, 2000<br />As you know, Alan Parker is a director and Midnight Express, won two Academy Awards in 1978, was directed by him.  He said that this movie was his most effective movie.  Midnight Express was showed as  based on true story belonging to Billy Hayes and its lead player was Brad  Davis.  Sure, it directed by Alan Parker and written by Oliver Stone.   Shortly, the movie begins with Brad Davis' caught while he is smuggling  drugs out of Trkiye.  Then he was sent to prison and he faced lots of  events out of humanity.  The most effective parts of the movie are these  torture scenes thought as horrible by the viewers.  We can see that  Midnight Express, caused many arguments about Trkiye and Turks because of  these terrible scenes blame them.  In my opinion, these scenes were  exaggerated and especially included racism, so it does not depend on the  art principles that are to be international and uniting the nations.   Therefore, I can say that if I were Alan Parker with his knowledge and  experiments, I would make a better job for art and humanity than this  movie.<br />____If I were Alan Parker, firstly I would start to change this  wrong thesis of the movie that 'This movie was adapted from a real story'  (?) because Billy Hayes, has the true story, said that this movie had been  changed a lot and exaggerated very much to make more effective.  So I ask  you that if I had not done that, how could I have been realistic and having  common sense director or human?  Secondly, I would continue to change the  general atmosphere that all of the people in the movie apart from main  character are sadist because this opinion causes to many prejudices about a  nation, Turks and this is not realistic.  So I would show the prison as  extremely instead of showing everything any parts of Trkiye.  As you know,  every country can have these unexpected events but certain they are not  general because there is no systems whose aims are to hurt humans.  So I  wouldhave caught a good point for discussing some prisons in Trkiye.   Perhaps many actors and actress would have helped me to make the movie and  I could have used the real Turks on the movie instead of their fakes.  In  my opinion, that would have been more effective, more realistic and more  useful.  Thirdly, I would have used some of good character in Turks and  emphasize again that all Turks are not bad people, they have some problems  like all nations.  So I would have behaved universally and not do injustice  to lots of people live and lived friendly and fraternally in Anatolia.   Fourthly, perhaps the most important thing, I would have been sorry for  making mistakes because I could not have done all of them and turn my  movie, full of the prejudices and racism, to more objective and humanistic  way.<br />____In my opinion, all of the people whose goals are to be universal  and uniting of whole humanity like art's would make better if they were  Alan Parker.  They never hurt any other nations in the world, Turks and  whose unique leader, Atatrk who says 'Peace at home, peace in the world'  and presented April 23, written date of this essay, to all children in the  world as a symbol of peace and friendship.
B000006FNX|2.0|_Never Say Never Again_ is the only serious Bond film not released by MGM/UA.  That lack of continuity shows to the point of distraction.  Here, there's no gun barrel sequence, no funky titles, no great opening song, no  recurring cast members.  There's not even the James Bond theme.  In fact,  James Bond himself barely puts in an appearance.<br />What's here is a  makeover of _Thunderball_, arguably  the plot-weakest Bond of the 1960's.   To be sure, the supporting cast (with the exception of the missing series  regulars), is far superior to the original.  Klaus Maria Brandauer is  perfectly menacing as Largo, and it's a shame that he had to waste his one  shot at Bondian villainy with this off-brand Bond.  Likewise, Kim Basinger  and Barbara Carrera turn in fine performances that put Connery's original  _Thunderball_ girls to shame.  And, no other Bond can boast the use of  Rowan Atkinson, who brings just the right comic touch to his role of the  British Consular official in the way that Desmond Llewellyn often did in  other Bonds when he traveled out in the field<br />But the strain of trying to  make a Bond film just using the elements that were legally available to the  production crew is obvious.  In writing Bond as an older man, the writers  get into immediate trouble.  If Bond is older than he was in the original  Thunderball, then he had to have been married, and Blofeld had to have  already murdered his wife.  Yet, Connery here makes no reference to that  fact, despite being faced with Blofeld.   Nor is there reference to  Blofeld's last tangle with Roger Moore's Bond in _For Your Eyes Only_,  released only two years earlier.  Worse, the attempt to follow Kevin  McClory's original vision of Bond as a grittier character leaves us with a  Bond that's checked his snappy comebacks at the door.  Much of the grim  humor of the MGM/UA Connery is gone, replaced by a certain Any Spy quality.   It's no surprise that Connery himself seems confused as to his identitywhen he reads the line &quot;Bond, James Bond&quot; as a question, more  than a statement. <br />Now that Eon Studios has finally acquired the rights  to all Bond films, some of the problems with this little anomaly might yet  see vital refurbishment.  Perhaps when MGM/UA releases it next it will at  least get new titles, soundtrack, and, most especially, the retrofitting of  the James Bond theme.  <br />None of that will make up for the lack of Desmond  Llewellyn as `Q', or Lois Maxwell's &quot;Moneypenny&quot;-or indeed of the  lack of Bond himself--but with the right amount of tweaking the original  film could be brought more into harmony with the other Bonds MGM already  distributed.
630349255X|5.0|I was totally enthralled by this work, stayed up way past my bedtime. Like a great book, could not put it down. Had to purchase the video for my library.
6305265488|5.0|EVER AFTER tells a classic story with a new feel. Telling &quot;Cinderella&quot;, it brings the tale to life more than any live action version of the tale has done before.  Giving the herione more of an  attuide was a smart move.  There was much more feeling in the movie because  of that.  The drama is high, and the movie is more than a fairy tale...  It  gives a relistic approach to the story.  A refreshing film!
B000002HJD|1.0|After learning that Jim Morrison had put out a spoken-word album with music by the Doors before his death, I decided to purchase it, solely on the fact that I enjoyed the piece entitled Ghost Song, which can be found  on the Doors' greatest hits album.  I had hoped that the remainder of his  poetry would be of a similarly spiritual bent.  Listening to this CD,  however, I was VERY disappointed.  Though the words to Ghost Song are  included in the accompanying booklet, Ghost Song is the only bright spot on  an otherwise confused and strange recording and is the only thing saving it  from no stars at all.  Much of the poetry included on this album could be  considered (and was to me) offensive and not what I was expecting at all.   Definately the worst of what the Doors have to offer.
B000006045|4.0|I find that Mezzanine has a very sentual sound to it.  It takes you to a mystrious, exotic world of meloness.  Beautiful voice from the female vocalist and great instruments and beats.
0783241569|4.0|That's how Grant describes his relationship with the actress portrayed by Julia Roberts in Notting Hill.<br />The film uses Grant's formulaic hemming and hawing acting style that fans have come to expect, and rather enjoy.  It's an unrealistic film, but that is what makes it so enjoyable.  We're  caught up in the unreality of it all.<br />There are a few surprises along the  way.  Grant's character acts in ways that we don't expect a character to  act.  It all ends happily, but not quite in the way that we might expect it  to.
B000002LMK|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST ROCKIN NEIL YOUNG CD`S THAT`S OUT THERE.WHEN NEIL GETS WITH CRAZY HORSE,IT IS ALWAYS SPECIAL,BUT THIS WAS ALOT BETTER THAN THE REST.USEING ALOT OF FEEDBACK ON THIS CD,NEIL SHOW`S OFF HIS ROCKIN  SIDE.KILLER SONGS OVER AND OVER AND COUNTRY HOME MAKE THIS A MUST HAVE FOR  ANY NEIL FAN.GREAT PLACE TO START IF YOUR NEW TO NEIL YOUNG AND WANT TO  HERE HIS ROCKIN SIDE.FOR MELLOW SIDE TRY HARVEST.
B0000214F3|4.0|That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<br />I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early in the film was a real shock to  the system (the victim of a pedestrian accident, the scene of the accident  is unexpected and shocking).  I kept wondering how and when Pitt was going  to appear later.<br />Pitt, as Death, has some humorous moments as he tries  things for the first time.  Sometimes it works well, other times Pitt looks  like a dazed teen.<br />Hopkins does a wonderful job of acting.  His character  is prone to wonderful outbursts of anger that are ably performed by  Hopkins.<br />The film keeps you guessing and has a few twists and turns along  the way.  While some may not like the 3-hour length, it never seemed long  to me.
B00003000M|1.0|After having listened to this album where legendary Bob's music and voice is artificially mixed with some other artists' poor interpretations, I even start doubting if this record is meant as a tribute... An irrelevant,  useless album!
6303855466|5.0|Colm Meaney and Hugh Grant give delightful performances in this subtle, yet funny film.  The humor is as much in what is unsaid as what is said.  In what is not done as in what is done.<br />The film tells the story of the  efforts of Welsh townsfolk upon hearing that their &quot;mountain&quot; is  actually only just a &quot;hill&quot; according to two British map-makers  who come to town surveying.<br />The film has its serious moments as well.  All around, it's a fun film for those who enjoy the subtle humor of the  British.
B00003CWL5|3.0|It's hard to understand why this movie won a whole bunch of Oscar's. Says a lot about the Pseudoacademic Academy, I guess.<br />Above all, American Beauty is a comedy. There a quite a lot of good laughs in it. The quality  of the acting differs a lot from actor to actor, but is generally very  good.<br />But the structure of the movie lacks stability. The story does not  find itself. Instead, it's a bunch of half-done sidestories which are all  typically exagerrated and unrealistic American clichs.<br />I'm afraid the  people behind American Beauty wanted to create a mixture between Sunset  Boulevard and Lolita. They do not succeed in this either!
B000002G26|5.0|If you like Bryan Adams, you'll love this album.  And, if you're not sure how you feel about Bryan, this is the album to get.  It features the best of his best.  All of your favorites from the 80s and 90s together on one  CD.<br />&quot;Cuts Like a Knife,&quot; &quot;Run to You,&quot;  &quot;Heaven,&quot; &quot;Summer of '69&quot; - Bryan knows how to rock.  There isn't a bad song in the bunch.<br />When I'm in the need for some  serious rock and roll to remind me of my younger days, this is the album I  usually turn to.
6302110165|4.0|Robin Williams plays more or less the same role as in Patch Adams, only much less humoristic. Robert DeNiro is fantastic in the tragic role of the patient.<br />This is another very touching movie about a group left behind. A  group of people given a spark of hope, for a tiny moment in their lives.  And it is a movie about the fantastic people devoting their lives to  helping these helpless people.<br />Very plain movie, without much extra this  and that. Simply a story of one the cruel and darker side of this world's  realities.
B000006IUQ|5.0|It's been described as &quot;Jaws&quot; with claws, but this movie is so much more than that.  Hopkins and Baldwin give fine performances that will keep you guessing until the credits roll.<br />I particularly enjoyed Hopkins'  character.  He's a man who remembers a lot of seemingly useless facts,  until he's forced to rely upon some of them for his survival.  His  character is also a man of virtue - the kind of character not found in most  motion pictures today.<br />A very enjoyable film.
0060194995|5.0|Certainly not much can be added  to the accolades already given  to \\"To Kill a Mockingbird,\\"  the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel which has become a classic of modern American literature. This is the powerfully  told story of a family's struggle for justice in a small Alabama town in  the 1930s, written from the perspective of  the  young daughter of a lawyer  defending a black man charged with the rape of a white girl.  With wit and  honesty, the book examines the racial and class attitudes prevalent in the  Deep South in the years leading up to the Civil Rights era.<br /><br />I recently  finished reading \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\"  for only the second  time (the first was in  1963, when I was 12 years old.)  I  found it to be  just as wonderful a reading experience 37 years later!  The characters and  the setting come to life like no other novel I've ever read.  The book made  me laugh some, cry some, and get angry some.  But, the most important thing  it did for me was to make me evaluate once again my own attitudes and  actions toward other people.  And for that...thank you, Harper Lee.
B000000WFZ|5.0|While the film contained some anti-Catholic historical inaccuracies there can be little to argue with the soundtrack.<br />Whether or not you liked the film, the accompanying soundtrack is fantastic.  From gorgeous  instrumentals to awesome choir pieces this is an album that will move you.<br />Not only will the music move you, but it will remind you of scenes from  the movie which will move you, such as Robert DeNiro's penance of ascending  the cliff with his material possessions tied around his back, Jeremy Irons'  playing &quot;Gabriel's Oboe,&quot; or the native children  singing.<br />Stunning music to accompany a stunning film.
0783240236|5.0|Well I must disagree with one review, \\"the transfer is excellent, and I work with broadcast equipment, in fact I screen the DVD through a scope and the reading was \\"right on\\". I believe that technically the DVD is up to  expectation. About the movie itself, well I don't need to tell, this was  under Hitchcock, a master of movie making.
0440219078|1.0|My opinion of &quot;The Giver&quot;, is the same opinion as theone I have about Puley Shore movies. They're quite entertaining in thebeginning, but after awhile, the plot gets dull and eventually loses its flavor. The idea of having a perfect society is a good idea for a story, but dragging out the idea that the characters have no emotions gets a tad bit annoying. I get the idea that the characters have no emotions, but Lois Lowery has to tell the reader every other sentence. She acts like the reader is going to forget or something. I admit, the beginning of the story is good; how Lowery tells you about the society's rules, and the Giver's job, but after all that is said, she says the same thing over again. And the ending was the worst ever in the history of literature. This is a horrible book. I suggest it to people who like to get cheated when they read or anyone who saw &quot;Lost in Space.&quot;
B00000BKI4|5.0|A timeless classic of astronomical proportions. It's been 5 weeks since I've first heard this album; I was choked up with emotion then and still choke when I hear it now.  An absolutely beautiful piece of work.  I can't  understand anyone who doesn't like this art.  Mind boggling, Amazing!
B000002BVN|5.0|In my opinion this is a great album. It is very easy to lose yourself in the hypnotic dance rythms &amp; beats. &quot;Ghost&quot; &amp; &quot;Is It Scary&quot; are the best on this album. The other three new releases are very good as well. However, the two fore mentioned ones are the best. The  only thing disappointing to me about the album, is the fact that there were  only five songs that were new. I would still pay twice as much for half as  many songs of his. I have been an avid fan of his since his &quot;Off The  Wall&quot; days. I am indeed looking forward to his new album. I also own  his &quot;HIStory&quot; DVD. I highly recomend this DVD. I must say that  when I look at this man I feel sorry for him. The only reason I say this is  because here is a person who cares about what is being done to the world  and our society and the media turns around and makes a mockery out of him.  I believe that Michael is one of the kindest and gentlest people on this  forsaken planet, and people don't see it. One thing people must respect him  for it is his ability to keep his head high in a very cruel profession. Not  to mention his outstanding talent and generosity to the world. To: Michael  Jackson, Keep it up, regardless of the choking media &amp; backstabbing  critics....
B00002MZ2C|5.0|THE BATTLE FOR LOS ANGELES is one of those rare albums that on just 1 listen you know you have just heard something special and groundbreaking (I felt that way with APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION in '87). The sheer power and  energy that comes from the speakers is a pleasure that is , sadly, a rarity  in this age of manufactured &quot;corporate&quot; product. Rage sings and  plays with a once a decade or so determination that instantly seperates  them from the other rap/rock wannabees.  The trifecta of TESTIFY, GUERILLA  RADIO and CALM LIKE A BOMB is pure musical ecstacy!  Rage has scored a hat  trick with this third album.  I also urge you to get their other 2 discs  also.
6304938241|5.0|I saw this movie a while back and then remembered it again and decided it  was time to rent it once more. When I did, I saw so many things I've never  seen the first time I had viewed it. This film makes me feel for every  character, especially Milly. I rent this movie at least once a month  honestly. That is how much I love it. You learn lessons watching the way  the characters interact with one another, and its moral outcome. It is  almost like an adult fable, but not to an extent of happy endings. Speaking  of endings, the movie's end is very powerful and melancholy. The way the  man gazed off in a silence is haunting. Above all, I truly recomend this  film to anyone that would like to see a serious, dramatic perfomance by  these three main characters.
0783244320|4.0|As a fan of most Sci-fi series/movies,I was greatly amused by this films wit.Many sci-fi fans are...well.....shall I say alittle....outhere..:) This funny satirical look at the genre scores on all fronts. It pokes fun at  us,without offending and actually is quiet touching..The sound on this DTS  version is spectacular and as an audiophile, really think DTS should have  been the prefered encoding format chosen over Dolby-Digital. All in all  this is a fun ride that should appeal to all  fans of the  genre,though,something tells me some die-hard sci-fi fans are already  contacting the federation and submiting a protest form alleging defamation  of character........
0671449028|5.0|As a graphic designer, I must say that this is one of the mostvisually appealing of all of [the books my child owns]. The picturesare wonderful, the type is perfect and the story itself is catchy and fun to read. I buy all of Ms.  Boynton's books because I enjoy the look and content ... even the feel of her books (they're heavy, glossy and durable).
B000001FDI|5.0|This is a collaboration that produced a once in a lifetime classic.  This group could not repeat or maintain the success of this one output.  This album was made during what was probably the most creative and exciting  period in the history of rock.  Musicians were shedding old bands and  traditional pop/rock.  New bands and one time collaborations were being  formed from pieces of old bands.  There was a lot of experimentation and  new sounds were being created.  The range of rock music was expanded beyond  the three minute hit.    The record companies were paying for, FM radio  (which was just emerging in the US) was playing it and people were enjoying  it.    <br />Blind Faith was Steve Winwood from Traffic, Rich Grech from  Family and Eric Clapton and Ginger Baker from Cream.  This album was their  only official output.  It has a very unique sound that matches Winwood's  blues/soul vocals with Clapton's straight ahead rock.  All of the songs,  the music and every other aspect of this album are very strong.  There  isn't a weak spot in the whole project.  Clapton has some very nice guitar  parts, Winwood's organ soars in places and Grech adds some extra depth with  a violin solo.<br />Besides this album, Blind Faith recorded a few extra tunes  which can be found on various anthologies, like Eric Clapton's Crossroads.   Any of the leftover tunes would have been out of place on this album.   Blind Faith also went on a US tour that was supposed to be a disaster.   This band without Clapton, but with a number of other musicians did go onto  to appear on Ginger Baker's Airforce's first album (a live double LP).  The  sound is quite different with some African influences, but they do play  &quot;Do What You Like&quot;.  It is a fun album that is worth seeking out.  <br />Note that some versions of this CD have two extra songs:  &quot;Exchange  and Mart&quot; is a nice instrumental, featuring violin, that almost fits  in with the original material.  &quot;Spending My Time&quot; is a terrible  Clapton tune that could use some serious reworking.
014028009X|3.0|Although I found the story to be somewhat entertaining and the witty remarks rather unique, I was thoroughly annoyed by the self-pitying theme.  I am not very tolerant of women who have a low self esteem and don't wish  to improve themselves by any other way than losing weight or counting  cigarettes.  So, needless to say, the calorie counting banter was not my  cup of tea.  Bridget did get a little more self sufficient by the end of  the novel, even though the dependence on male interactions was still  apparent, so I calmly dealt with her until the end.  So, it is not the best  book I have ever read, but it is somewhat entertaining.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|First of all, to the negative reviewers who must of had cotton in their ears when they listened to Jenny sing you are truly mistaken because she can sing and the beats are great. If you are suspicious of her vocal  ability just listen to the &quot;No Me Ames&quot; ballad version and you  will see why she got the record deal! The mistake that people make is that  they compare her and other artists to other supreme singers so that is why  people may say she is not talented but just because someone is better at  singing than her dosent mean she can't sing or dosent have talent. Other  people are jealous of how beautiful she is and feel they have to degrade  her to make themselves feel better. But if they would stop comparing every  singer to Whitney or Mariah then there would'nt be all this hate! Well  anyway she shines on all of her tracks lets face it if she couldn't sing no  matter who she was she wouldnt get a record deal or be on heavy rotation on  MTV no matter how much money she paid them!
0783217048|5.0|This was one of the most uplifting movies I've ever seen.  After seeing the movie Seven, I went to see To Wong Foo and laugh from the beginning to the end.  The outfits were just wonderful.  I especially loved Patrick  Swayze's clothes.  John Leguziamo was just sassy as Miss Chi Chi.  Wesley  Snipps had it going on as Noxema Jackson.  I've seen this movie so many  times I can recite the whole script.  Director Beeban Kidron did an  excellent job.  Stockard Channing's performance was excellent as Caroline.   This is the perfect movie for depression.  Im still hoping for a sequel.   If it doesn't happen, I will never get tired of re-watching To Wong Foo  Thanks for everything Julie Newmar.
0688170528|4.0|No one could have forseen what would happen.  Not the Golds nor the Hartes who have been friends and neighbors for over 18 years and watched their children grow up together and fall in love.  When the late night call comes  and bring news of Emily's death, a death by gunshot from a gun that the  Hartes own, and Chris is found with her, thus begins the hell for both sets  of parents.  Disbelieving the suicide pact Chris insists was to happen  before he fainted and the police arrived, the detective in charge of the  case begins to wonder why two popular and well adjusted teenagers would  decide to kill themselves.  As the investigation proceeds, Chris finds  himself on trial for the murder of Emily.  The two families, once together,  now divided, struggle to accept the truth and begin to wonder how well they  actually knew their own flesh and blood.  This book is told in series of  flashbacks and the present to tell the story of Emily and Chris.  The final  truth is heartbreaking and leaves you wondering how well do we know anyone  at all.
6305603847|5.0|as being a band's fan, this DVD version really makes my nerves vibrating. all people behind this work (both technically and artistically) really did a great job. thank you all folks. i strongly recommend it to anyone who  really wants a masterpiece for his/her home library.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This is easily the best film of 1999 and far outshines any previous best picture winner as well. It blows up in your face the first time you see it but if you see it repeatedly, as I have, there is even more depth to it  than You see the first few times. For example to tie in the American part  of &quot;American Beauty&quot; you will notice beautiful art direction with  the wonderful use of color in this film. The first time you may notice alot  of red but if you &quot;look closer&quot; you will see that the three  dominant colors are red, white, and blue. An examplke of this is when Ricky  Fitts is getting a ride to school from Mrs. Burnham and the shirts that  vthey are wearing are red, white and blue. This also happens in the picture  of the Burnhams family, the shirts are red, white and blue. This again  happens in Ricky's room with the video camera scene, the candles in the  background are red, white and blue. This is a common theme throughout the  film. If you have not seen it, see it, if you have and did not pick up on  the beautiful use of color, it is definately worth it to see it again. Its  easily the best film ever.
630575067X|2.0|In the original Star Wars movie the villains were interesting. Darth Vader was menacing, but you didn't hate him. A lit. teacher once told me for a movie to work the bad guy has to be likeable &amp; interesting. Well in  this movie they're not. Instead the villains have no depth or background.  That's why Lucas had to make Darth Maul look like Satan. It's probably also  why he had to add that crazy side kick Jar Jar Binks. Not that I hated it,  it just wasn't worth a ten year wait. I honestly had the impression the  only reason this film was written, was to set up the sequel.
0880381736|5.0|I made the mistake of going into the Dragonlance world in the second trilogy. It confused the hell outta me.<br />Dragons of Autumn Twilight really cleared things up. I laughed when i finally found out who Flint was, Tas  spoke of him so much in the second trilogy. Speaking OF Flint and Tas, i  always found their friendship very strange, i think if this were real  life(some fans might argue that it IS  real life), Flint would have killed  Tas by now. He certainly wanted to enough.<br />Tanis wanst portrayed well  enough in the second trilogy and his character too, was given color for me  in this book. <br />Sturm...the scene where they are in the cage to be taken  to the slave mines, Tanis comments to himself about Sturm's frequent fights  with Deep Depressions. I think this gave Sturm a bit more character, put  him past just a stone guardien of the Oath and Measure.<br />All in all, this  is a worthwhile book to start with, and NOT dissapointing at all. Leaves  you wanting more.
B00004SC3M|4.0|Entrapment is avery good movie, its a perfect example of a movie made onle ofr the entetainment. Sean Connery is good, and Catherine Zeta Jones is beatifull, and work great in this movie, the plot have many twist, See this  movie, and remember not wait like Empire of the sun, or Schindler list, is  only a movie for entertainment.<br />The DVD is good, the special edition have  a veryy good looking menu, The video and sound are terrific, the extras  Very good. I personally recommend ths DVD if you like a movie for see with  your friends.
0520215850|3.0|The translated version of the classic &quot;Romance of the Three Kingdoms&quot;.  Well translated, but Roberts cuts out some key interesting points that are integral in the story.  For intstance he forgets to leave  in Cao Cao's speech before his death, Zhuge Liang's seven battles with the  barbarian leader as the Han Shu prime minister, etc..  It is akin to  writing Moses' story, yet leaving out the fact that he parted the sea or  that he spoke to Ramses.
6305718954|4.0|Stigmata in my opinion not is a movie that trie to scare you, (at least not too much), it trie to entertaining you, it trie to give you another vision of the catolic church, give it a chance. The script is good but  could be better, Patricia Arquette is very good in this movie, (I like she  too in the Nightmare on elm stret 3), See this movie and you will buy it.  is I like this movie, and I thing the alternate ending is better than the  original. <br />The extras are normal, the Video is soo good, and the sound is  good but not perfect.
0393317552|3.0|If this book had been easier to read, I would have rated it much higher.  I have had little exposure in my reading regarding theories as to why one culture developed ahead of another.  Guns, Germs, and Steel takes a good  run at it.  I found the author provocative, stimulating, etc., as it helped  me look at our world in a new way.  This book, however, is not an easy  read, and definitely takes concentration.  Read it when you are most alert.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Not all the movies in can describe what Life is Beatifull describe, The life is beatifull is one of that movies that made you feel good, let a sensation of peace, and sad, and joy, and fun, this movie has to be won the  OSCAR for BEST PICTURE, because its perfect. Benigni talks about a  concentration camp, in a funny way, but keep in mind he is not tring to say  that the jude concetration camp was funny, the problem is he trying to keep  away his son from the horror of the Holocaust and for that he invent a game  for his son. Giorgio Cantarini is son incredible, I think he has to be  nominated for best support actor. See this movie with all your family and  live better forever.<br />The DVD has a good video not perfect, but good, the  sound is good too, above the average, the extras is a serie of TV spot and  teatrical trailer, but a documentary about the film is very good.<br />Please  make yourself a favor, buy this movie.
0440180295|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut!  What eles needs to be said.  The man is one of the greatest writers of our time.  Slaughterhouse-five is my favorit novel by him.  I have read most of his other works and I still have to say that this is still the best.  If your a Vonnegut fan and you haven't read this, GET  ON IT!  You'll love it.
B00000IQBM|5.0|The Shining is one of the scariest best films ever made. It is best to view it as a seperate entity from the book. Obviously, one film couldn't have contained the rich terror and subplots of the King novel. The Shining  is great for its arresting images, Nicholson's over the top performance,  the creepiness of the two girls... Though Danny's &quot;shine&quot; can be  at times laughable and silly and the ending is pretty bad, this film is  really worth seeing for the performances and cinematography alone. A  winner.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is one of the best collections of music I've ever seen.  Even if you own most of Metallica's other cds and have most of the songs on this cd, it is still worth giving a look.  All the songs on the cd have a  different twist to them and and the orchastra really makes each song that  much more powerful.  I would recomend this cd to as a start of anyones  Metallica Collection or to any rock or metal fan.
B00004NRUM|5.0|Excuse me for borrowing a title from another great song but this once CD comes very close to it. The music on this CD flows through the story, not as a separate entity but a worthy hybrid. Beginning at the end of the story  of a young girl, her body is discovered floating in the water beneath a  bridge. While I usually am put off when stories unfold their endings at the  start, I think that this one is the exception to that rule. Flashing back  to her childhood the story and music keep a brisk pace. There are several  songs that I feel are worth mentioning. First there is The Hollow Man a  song that speaks of indifference and uncaringness. A slow song and one that  will stay with you for a while. Then there is Alone again in the lap of  luxury, an illusive piece that is both sad and fun to listen to. This cd,  though heavily on the psychedelic side and one that is not for the easy  listeners in terms of what the music tries to convey, is one of the best in  my point of view.
B000002U82|3.0|First of all I have not listened to the whole album in years second I dont currently own any Floyd. I will not argue Pink is a good band and obviously has a loyal following; however the comparisons to Zeppelin are silly high  school games. Okay Floyd is always whining about the dark side of the moon  and how God only's knows its not what they would choose to do fine. I admit  on a controlled substance the music is enjoyable and at times makes me feel  emotions of frustration and sadness but this child has grown and the dream  of worshipping this band is over. Regardless the paradox of this album is  that it is merely good and yet remains one of the most popular of all time  good for so many that bought the album and still cry for them. I'll I know  is Z was so great that Neil Young wanted to jam with them all night long!  Keyboards, lights and weak lyrics good for them...
B00003CWN3|3.0|This was very good, for a TV movie. For a film, it was sub-par. Although fairly well acted, it was melodramatic and didn't amount to much beyond a simplistic political statement - an important political statement, yes, but  a simplistic one.
0805062971|4.0|I haven't seen the movie...so I won't make comparisons.  This book is in a word...UNIQUE.  I can't really describe it otherwise.  It has a great plot twist that makes you want to reread the entire text to see how it lead up  to that point.  Just as you are starting to wonder where this story is  going, it hits you in the face (no pun intended) and does a 180.  It was  written well,and kept your interest peaked as well as having some strange  comedic interludes.  Not a book for everyone, especially if you are anti  gun, fight, or bomb oriented....but then why would you consider something  called The Fight Club if you were, right?  OK...check it out for a fast and  enjoyable read.
6305807086|4.0|This movie is very, very funny, and the first half of it is brilliant, but the second half drags and disappoints, comparatively. Now, drag and disappoint though it may, it remains one of the funniest and most  interesting films of recent years, but we must face the sad fact that this  film is far from perfect and probably not an actual miracle or gift from  God. My theory is that most of the breathless praise you hear comes either  from the first half hour or so, driven by sheer momentum into the (again,  comparatively) uninspired mess that is the film's third act, or the ravings  of the unperceptive and easily baffled. I found the end of the movie to be  very frustrating, because it ruined what seemed at first to be the perfect  film.<br />Still, &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is WELL worth seeing.
0800132335|5.0|In my lifetime, I've seen a number of truly great war films: \\"Saving Private Ryan\\", \\"The Longest Day\\", \\"Patton\\", \\"Run Silent, Run Deep\\", \\"Bridge On the River Kwai\\", \\"Glory\\", \\"A Bridge Too Far\\". Preeminent among them,  even above \\"Saving Private Ryan\\", is \\"Das Boot (The Boat)\\", the  extraordinary tale of a German U-boat's sortie into the Atlantic during  World War II. What makes the film phenomenal is the way in which life in  combat undersea is recreated: cramped, smelly, damp, uncomfortable,  decidedly dangerous. Especially effective is the apparently accurate  reconstruction of a U-boat's interior that serves as the set. When the  Kapit&auml;n orders a crash dive, and the crew members rush forward to the  boat's bow to increase the dive angle, the cameraman follows behind as they  run the length of the sub through small hatchways and narrow crew spaces.  It's a miracle the cameraman didn't crack his head, or the lens of his  hand-held camera, on the sill of a hatch. (Maybe he did!)<br />Though this is  a German crew whose duty is to sink Allied ships, American viewers will  have no problem sympathizing with its members when the depth charges begin  to fall. Early on, the almost anti-Nazi attitude of the U-boat's Offiziers  is apparent. (This may have been a marketing ploy by the film's producers  to increase worldwide appeal. However, of all the German military services  during WWII, the Kriegsmarine is considered to have been the least  Nazified.) In any case, when the sub is ordered to surreptitiously  rendezvous with a cargo ship that was intentionally interned in a neutral  port for the purpose of U-boat supply and replenishment, the more  politically correct officers of the supply vessel invite the U-boat's  officers aboard to partake of a lavish buffet. As the former \\"Sieg Heil!\\"  and exclaim how tough war is, the latter's' disdain for their Kameraden is  readily apparent.<br />The nightmare of undersea warfare is grippingly  portrayed. After a very narrow escape for our heroes, we cheer when the sub  limps back to port near the end of the movie. This relief soon turns to  sorrow and horror at the film's ironic conclusion.<br />There is no female  lead in this production, no romantic interludes, and nothing to soften the  hard, gritty reality of men at war. It's definitely a Guy Flick, but none  the less excellent for being such. It's most assuredly one of my All-Time  Ten Best movies.e for our heroes, we cheer when the sub  limps back to port near the end of the movie. This relief soon turns to  sorrow and horror at the film's ironic conclusion.<br />There is no female  lead in this production, no romantic interludes, and nothing to soften the  hard, gritty reality of men at war. It's definitely a Guy Flick, but none  the less excellent for being such. It's most assuredly one of my All-Time  Ten Best movies.
B000001ELR|5.0|THE BAND: Gene Simmons (bass), Paul Stanley (guitars), Eric Carr (drums & percussion), Ace Frehley is on the cover, but is absent on writing or playing anything here... instead - Vinnie Vincent and Bob Kulick are featured on guitar.<br /><br />THE DISC: (1982) 9 songs clocking in at approximately 39 minutes. Recorded at The Record Plant in Los Angeles, CA. This remastered edition was released in 1997. Much improved sound in my book (deeper bass guitars and crisper highs). Liner notes are slim - a 3 page fold out with song titles, writing credits, song times and lyrics. Underneath the disc on the inside cover, there's an informative 6 paragraph history of what the band was going through at the time.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Ace (frustrated by his diminishing role in the group) departed the band prior to recording. In steps Vinnie Vincent and some lightning-fast guitar riffs. Disappointing sales from \\"The Elder\\" and \\"Unmasked\\"... Kiss was really hoping to regroup and return to their hard rock roots. They accomplished their goal (despite lousy record sales for \\"Creatures\\"). This is a heavy rocking album. An underrated gem with 9 blistering songs (no filler). Eric Carr (R.I.P.) was a master of the drum kit on this album, and he was never better than here on \\"Creatures\\". The drums on this album are first and foremost - loud, pounding, and monsterous. The rock and roll dosage on this release is mostly fast and extremely heavy. 8 out of 9 songs truly rock! Paul's 6 minute \\"I Still Love You\\" is a powerful and emotional song and perhaps my favorite ballad in the entire Kiss catalog (it also features Eric Carr on bass). My least favorite track is \\"Keep Me Comin'\\". The remastered series has brought the original cover back... along with crisp sound production. The album cover featuring the blue-lit band member faces is right up there with my other favorite album covers (\\"Alive!\\", \\"Rock & Roll Over\\" and \\"Dressed To Kill\\"). In my opinion, \\"Creatures Of The Night\\" is their absolute best album from the entire 1980's. It's also one of my favorites in their entire catalog. Great disc.ute best album from the entire 1980's. It's also one of my favorites in their entire catalog. Great disc.
B00004SVIK|1.0|Will we ever tire of this stinky band?<br />Another unecessary release from a long-time irrelevant band.
B000002J09|5.0|You know, there are actually some people in the world who don't own this album? What a shame. It's a classic! From the manic vocals on &quot;Black Dog&quot; through the thundering backbeat and jagged guitar lines of  &quot;Four Sticks,&quot; to the rough Mississippi Delta blues of &quot;When  the Levee Breaks,&quot; the album is epic. And of course, the album's  centerpiece is &quot;Stairway to Heaven,&quot; a slow building folk rock  masterpiece which climaxes in a volley of hard rock guitar lines with  Plant's wailing vocals over the top.<br />That's not to say that the album is  all brawn and no melody. On the contrary, &quot;The Battle of  Evermore&quot; and &quot;Going to California&quot; are beautiful folk  ballads which perfect the folk sound that Led Zeppelin had been  experimenting with ever since their first album came out.<br />At any rate, if  you don't own this album, then you ought to go out and buy it. Just to have  one of the greatest CD's ever in your collection.
6305350205|3.0|Yes, I think this one is a little on the underrated side, but only a little.  People get turned off by this one when they see that William Shatner wrote, directed, and stared in this one.  Will had a very  decreasing budget and time problems with this one, which I blame largly for  some of this movie's biggest flaws, and those are the some of the corny  props, bad sets, and lousy special effects.  The other flaws come from weak  villians-(the lead villian turns into a goodguy near the end, the other is  a run of the mill Klingon) as well as a so-so ending, topped off with  endless bad jokes at the begining.  These I'm afraid are probably Will's  fault.  The story is about how a deranged Vulcan named Sybok(Lawerence  Luckinbill) plans on hijacking a starship to pursue his quest for the  almighty near the center of the universe.  Kirk and company have their  vacation interrupted and take their new, barely working ENTERPRISE to  investigate the matter.  Their ship gets taken over by Sybok and he speeds  them on his mad quest.  Die hard Trekkies will and do find some new, fun  facts about some of their favorite characters in this adventure and Shatner  does keep the movie going at a fairly brisk pace-(Unbelieveably faster then  the 1st movie anyway) and does try to make the film bright, despite a few  intense scenes.  This film in terms of Trek Movie quality I would put  before GENERATIONS and after THE MOTION PICTURE (MOTION PICTURE being THE  worst).  FINAL FRONTIER is NOT terrific don't get me wrong, but it's not a  terrible waste of a Trekkers time, especially if it is their first time  seeing it.
6305750750|5.0|What can I say? This movie was excellent, but before I go into that, I'll talk mainly about the less-than-excellent parts of the movie. I know when Lucas pictured Jar Jar he mainly had little kids in mind, and that's  admirable that he knows how to capture a wide audience (as if it's hard, I  mean, come on, this is Star Wars!), but if you ask me, Jar Jar recieved a  little too much screen time that could have productively been used on  something more intriguing, like the infamous light saber battles. In my  opinion, you can never get enough of those, there's just something about  them that makes them stand out from the rest of the movie. Maybe it's  because the light saber is the signature tool for Star Wars, and any  hard-core Star Wars fan can never get enough of the light saber battles :).  One other small thing that bothered me was that the pod racing scene was  too long. I know that this was a big factor of the movie, and don't get me  wrong, it was good, but after a while, it just lost its lure.  Now that  that's done, let's get to the good stuff. There's not much I can say,  besides that the rest of the movie was great! The special effects were as  good as anticipated, but everybody already knows that. Some things I  thought that were really good that haven't gotten much attention I'm going  to mention. One is the music, which was very well written and fit the movie  perfectly. Another was the costumes. I don't know what the people at the  Academy were thinking (and don't get me wrong, I'm not exactly the  experienced movie critic-), but the costumes used in Star Wars were truly  unique and deserved that Oscar.  The actors also portrayed the roles well  and appeared to be very real. Quigon and Obi Won were everything I would  have expected and more--they played their parts very well. All in all, I  think this movie was a great beginning to a great saga and I am impatiently  awaiting the release of episodes 2 and 3.
B000002J09|5.0|this, along with II are Zeppelin's best album. Black Dog- this song is so sweet. It's nice and hard and flowing. Its the opitimy of 70's &quot;Hard Rock&quot;<br />Rock and Roll- This song has amazing drumming, and the  continual riff, and the wailing piano at the end, makes it sound like a  60's Beatles pop song...gone crazy.!<br />Battle of Evermore- this song has a  mazing guitars, and Robert Plant along with Sandy Denny make the vocals (a  tribute to Tolkien) sound so sweet.<br />Stairway to Heaven- I am at a loss  for words. You lir there, in awe of this song.<br />Misty Mountain Hop- this  is soo cool! its like a hippy anthem on crack! its a big change from  Stairway and Black Dog<br />Four Sticks- underrated, but awesome! it has very  excellent drumming. The name comes from the fact that John Bonham used two  drumsticks in each hand!<br />Going to California- this song is beutiful, so  mournful and has excellent folk style guitar.<br />When the levee breaks- this  is a very excellent 'blues rock' song. It is reminiscant of Kashmir
B00003CXDU|5.0|If you like Tim Allen you'll love this movie.  The cast is great and the  story is hilarious;  from the funny speaking aliens to the exaggerated  characters.  It's not just a satire on Star Trek, but on scifi movies in  general and even if you don't watch too much scifi you can still clearly  point out a lot of what's being poked fun at. It was even entertaining  enough to keep my 7 year old nephew's attention.
B000002LGQ|5.0|This album by Madonna is incredible. I'm a little surprised that the media at the time of making this album did not talk too much, actually, not much at all, about how good this album is. Instead, they just talked about the  controversy her video for the title track was creating (yeah, sure). This  album has a number of hits that became popular, like &quot;Oh Father&quot;,  &quot;Like A Prayer&quot;, &quot;Cherish&quot;, and the infamous  &quot;Express Yourself&quot;. &quot;Till Death Do Us Part&quot; is an  excellent song, although it never became a single. All of the songs are  very melodic and dramatic, which make for an excellent, superb, sounding  and otherwise, album. It also has some of the best and most sensual and  'erotic' singing by Madonna from any of her albums, more erotic than her  acclaimed subsequent album, 'Erotica'. It is based on Madonna's unfailing  devotion to the strength and the power of prayer in her life. It is really  a great and timeless album of Madonna's that any fan of Madonna shouldn't  be without.
630575067X|3.0|Lucas was definately thinking more of the special effects than the content of the story.  I'm surprised he has content for a book! The only thing that made me buy it was the background and my seven year old nephew.  I am a fan  of the older Star Wars, from the time when special effects didn't take away  from the story. I just hope Lucas' next endeavor takes us into the story  and not just into the scenery.  Just one more thing - If its not going to  have content at least make the action sequences seem more believable and  have more of them!
B000002NJS|5.0|I'm not trying to copy what the previous reviewer from Nevada, USA said, but that was the only adjective that I could come up with for this album BEFORE I EVEN SAW HIS REVIEW.REALLY! was Wow!. This is such an amazing  techno, electronica, album from Madonna. It's her debut with that kind of  music and she pulls it off really, really well. You can move and groove to  all the songs on the album with its great beats and sounds, along with  Madonna's great singing in all the songs. A great example of this is the  title track. &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; has excellent beats, sounds, notes,  and quibbles that get the listener into it, totally. I like the fact that  she wrote the song &quot;Little Star&quot; based on her new (at the time)  baby girl, Lourdes. Also, &quot;Skin&quot; is a super-powerful song that I  have officially dubbed as Madonna's 'epic' song. None like it of any of her  other songs of any of her other albums. &quot;MER Girl&quot; is an  excellent, slow, sad song of hers with nice background sounds and sad  lyrics describing her deceased mother among other things, although I don't  know what 'MER Girl' means or stands for. This is an awesome album and I  hope that she can CONTINUE to make excellent albums in the future, because  she's getting up there in age (over 40) and I heard the song on the radio  and saw her recent video for &quot;American Pie&quot; and I didn't like it  very much. Her voice sounds different in that song, different because of  age. Her voice sounded tired in that song and I don't know if she can  continue to make great, excellent albums with a voice like that, all tired  and worn out. And will she continue to make albums in the  techno/electronica genre, like she did with this album and with the song,  or remake, of &quot;American Pie&quot; (and the relatively new song  &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;), or will she go back to her previous  marvelous, wonderful, excellent, original style of music? We'll just have  to wait and see.
B00003CWPR|1.0|This movie was nothing but hype.  The acting was awful, especially Nicole.  The orgy scene was so boring and it was very sexist, showing only female bodies.  Save your money.
B00000J7J4|4.0|With his latest (and apparently billboard's greatest) album of all, &quot;Supernatural&quot; has made Carlos Santana a household name once more.  Long from his &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot; and &quot;Evil  Ways&quot; days, he hasn't travelled too far from the mystical rock that  has made him a star.  &quot;Supernatural&quot; is steeped in rhythmic  treasures - not too mention all those celebrity guests!  With notable  collaborations including Lauryn Hill, Everlast, Product G and B, and the  now infamous &quot;Smooth&quot; with Matchbox 20's Rob Thomas, Santana has  created a veritable music garden of sounds and style.  This album has so  much going on, you just don't know what to listen to first!  The smooth,  smokey blues pours through, as the latin groove lulls the ear - all while  being ripped open with the unique and uncomparable electric melodies  flowing from Santana's fingers.  This cd truly is a boiling melting pot of  talent and experience, that will never cool down to become a coffee table  glass coaster.  Enjoy!
0060977493|5.0|A wonderful story emphasizing the political, cultural, and social customs of India.  Roy takes the stringent customs of her native country and through The God of Small Things illustrates how a family is negatively  affected by these strict rules.  Although a work of fiction, Roy writes  with such eloquence, emotion, and insight, one wonders if any of the story  is autobigraphical.
0783107986|5.0|As a student in college about to become a high school social studies teacher, this series offers a wealth of material to use in the classroom.  Obviously not all of it can be, simply because of time contstriants, but  the best features in my opinion are the footage (powerful images), the  commentary and most of all the interviews of those that were there.  If one  wants to explore the why of history, this is a film to use.  Students can  get a powerful look into history and come to undertstand that those that  were present were humans just like all the rest of us are.  For example,  the first episode, A New Germany, is filled with interviews from those that  saw Hitler's rise and they explain why many Germans were willing to let the  Nazis take over.  Another excellent use of this film is the interviews with  civilians in England living through the Blitz of the Battle of Britian in  1940.  From the policy makers, the soldiers, the civilains and the  commanders, no voice is left out.  Since it is hard to get survivors from  history into the classroom in person, this is the next best thing.   Exhilerating, direct and stunningly well made, The World At War stands as  one of the best works on the Second World War ever made.
B00003CWOL|2.0|I've had a hard time trying to go through this film. I am a big fan of Kevin Smith's previous efforts, I even enjoyed Mallrats. Concerning Dogma, I really don't think Kevin's message whatever it is, really comes through. There are some really hilarious moments, but they are so sparce, that this  really can't even count as a comedy (you know there's trouble if the only  funny moments are those featuring Jay's comments).
B00003ETJQ|5.0|This is one of those films that makes me wish I could erase my memory and then watch it again.  The first time I saw it was at a noisy party and it still had me mesmerised for the entire ninety minutes.  Every subsequent  viewing is amazing but nothing compares to the first time.  If you are one  of the lucky ones who hasn't seen it yet, get the DVD, turn off the lights,  crank up the volume and let this film take you on a voyage around the  world.  One of the true masterpieces of film making to come out in the past  decade.
6305531374|2.0|The past decade has seen the fall of the horror movie we used to know and love, horror movies are no longer suspenseful, nowadays they consintrate on the teen casts, and their lifes. Its the same in H20, they should have  called it &quot;I know what you did last summer with micheal myers&quot;.  What happened to the genuine horror films of the 70's and 80's.
B000003CMB|5.0|What makes a classic recording?  So many elements, so many different people being at the right place at the right time.  That's what happened a the Fillmore East those days in June, 1971, a mere four months before Duane  Allman would die on a motorcycle.  There was magic in the room those  nights, and the brilliam Tom Dowd was there to capture it with just the  right engineering touch.<br />Normally I'm excited about remix/remasters and  expanded editions, but in the case of this album, the orginal is still the  best.  The double CD is too long, has several alternate takes (Hot Lanta,  in particular, is inferior to this blistering take, particularly the  ending), and loses something on the bass.  Some things you just can't  improve, and this album is one of them.  So buy the original.  Listen to  the original.  It's still the best.  The double CD reissue is, at best, a  curiousity item.  I've got it, but this is the one I play.
6305127697|4.0|I liked this movie.  I've seen it twice now.  On first viewing, the twists and turns of the plot were all well done and kept me glued to the movie.  On second viewing, I found myself paying more attention to the acting.   Edward Norton, as always, is really excellent.  He has real talent, on the  order of contemporaries John Malkovich or Kevin Spacey.  Richard Gere does  a good job, but it always seems like Richard Gere is just playing Richard  Gere.  It works here, though.  The directing and cinematography here is  also very good.  Some really interesting and beautiful shots.  The city of  Chicago is captured very well.  My only complaint was that the movie ran a  little bit long, which is why I give it four stars instead of five.  Highly  recommended, though.  An overlooked movie.
0790739909|3.0|For those who compare this to the infinitely superior masterpiece 'Wings Of Desire', will be extremely unsatisfied. The fact is that you're better off not thinking of comparing them or you won't enjoy what this film has to  offer. Meg Ryan's performance is the key to the success of this film,  beautiful performance that elevates the romance. Nicolas Cage is a very  talented actor, but I think he was miscast, his character is creepy and  very unangelical. While some scenes are identical to 'Wings Of Desire' and  the plot is almost the same, it does take the angels 'rules' and bends them  and even breaks some. A formula movie in it's essence but it works in it's  own sappily romantic way. Great songs. From a scale of 1-10 I give this  film a 6!
0792844793|5.0|I just recieved the DVD in the mail yesterday.  I was worried about the transfer after reading one reviewers comments about a UK version.  I was very impressed with the look of the film.  The widescreen presentation is  outstanding.        Although the information lists the movie as having  digital sound, which is somewhat misleading, it doesn't have the 5.1 dolby  digital remixed soundtrack.  But the sound is very nice on the disc.         The &quot;booklet&quot; is really only two thin pages serving as the normal  insert for a DVD.  It does not contain any detailed research on the film.   Bascially, it contains quotes from Lynch from such hard-hitting magizines  as: Details and GQ.  Most of the quotes come from the LA Times, apparently  from one article dated 12-15-85.        I have never seen the entire film  from start to finish, but took a gander at the first five chapters and I  was blown away.  So, if that serves as any indication of what to expect, I  give it 5 stars.    Very nice presentation, but lacking in anything else.
B0002WZTOI|2.0|We've seen it all a million times: Maverick and his buddies, fueled by Reagan-era geopolitics, knocking the Soviet fighters out of the sky; Maverick wearing his shades while riding his bike without a helmet (racing a jet fighter no less). Slick, explosive and full of MTV moments, \\"Top Gun\\" is the epitome of 80's movie-making. It's also one of the clearest exercises in plastic filmmaking I've ever seen.<br /><br />In the midst of its 1986 release, the only thing missing from the hoopla surrounding \\"Top Gun\\" was any reference to the film's message. The reason is simple: there isn't one. In its place are instantly memorable images that clearly fit the recipe for success repeatedly concocted by producers Jerry Bruckheimer and the late Don Simpson.<br /><br />In fact, \\"Top Gun\\" is little else behind a potpourri of slick shots of fast jets and good-looking people. Quentin Tarantino's now classic dissection of it as an introspective study of a man's struggle to come to terms with his own homosexuality in his cameo in the film \\"Sleep With Me\\" gives too much credit to this overproduced and overhyped vacuum of a movie. Tony Scott, who has repeatedly shown that he can make above average Hollywood fare (e.g., \\"True Romance,\\" \\"Crimson Tide\\"), fails to give the story any depth whatsoever. This becomes painfully evident when \\"Top Gun\\" unloads its inept attempts at getting us to identify with Maverick's \\"struggle\\" via the supposedly moving guitar theme and references to his relationship with his father. Heck, I didn't buy it when I was 13, much less now at 26. Then again, it figures that, being a man, I was immune to the movie's \\"Tiger Beat\\" factor, which I can only imagine would help account for its success.<br /><br />Which brings me to the actors. I would give \\"Top Gun\\" only one star, but I would like to credit the casting director with assembling a first-rate ensemble, including Tom Cruise, Kelly McGillis, Anthony Edwards, Meg Ryan, Val Kilmer and Tom Skerritt. Sadly, they areill-served by roles that, given the demands of the plot, could easily have been played by your run-of-the-mill C-Lister. It's like putting together a supergroup made up of top-quality musicians to cover the Britney Spears discography.<br /><br />The incredible preponderence of style over substance thus permeates the whole movie and, as a reference point, is eerily prescient of Michael Bay's film oeuvre (another Simpson-Bruckheimer alumnus). Thankfully, the talent involved in this overlong commercial would eventually go on to do projects far more worthy of their abilities.
0783240287|5.0|I hadn't seen the stage production.  But had talked to many who saw it.  They loved it.  So I bought the DVD.<br />I watched it the first time alone - late one night.  I was very impressed!  The next day I watched it with my  14-year-old son.  He first said &quot;Donny Osmond?  C'mon!&quot;.  He ate  those words!  He loved it too!  Donny, et al, was great.  The next viewing  my husband watched it too.  He liked it (which says a lot for someone who  &quot;hates&quot; musicals).<br />I would highly recommend this to anyone.
B000001BZT|5.0|I must admit that I hated Copperhead Road when it came out.  I was 17 and if it wasn't punk- it wasn't for me.  Oh, how things have changed!  I now see this as a nearly flawless effort.  This record was a tale of two Earles.  Side one(tracks 1-5) are dirty rock songs with a healthy dose of  Earle's country/folk(even Irish) roots.  Steve was headed for a crash, but  he wasn't quite at the wall when this was released in 1988.  Three of the  first five are still regulars in his set-list today(The Devil's Right  Hand/Copperhead Road &amp; Johnny Come Lately).  The Pogues play with Earle  on Johnny Come Lately(yes, Shane MacGowan is playing a banjo here!).  The  last five songs are basically ballads with a bit of a charge in them.  On  the final track, Nothing But A Child, Earle is joined by Telluride.  The  Jekyll &amp; Hyde nature of this release works for me...it won't work for  eveyone(but then, what does?).  The dirt that you collect on the first half  of this album is cleansed by the longing ache of the second half.  Steve  Earle never puts the same record out twice.  They are all very  different...This was his third major release.  It was unlike the two before  it and nothing like it has come from him since.  Earle's diversity and  intelligence, along with his wonderful gift for storytelling are what keep  his fans coming back, no matter what banner a particular release is flying.   This is a great rock album with some radio-friendly songs that get inside  your head and aren't easily dislodged.  Enjoy.  Do yourself a huge  favor...check him out when he tours.  One  of the best live shows I see every year.
B000001GPX|5.0|The enigmatic Carlos Kleiber, while producing only a handful of recordings has given us some classic interpretations.  This recording of Beethoven's 5th and 7th Symphonies is among these.   In fact, they may be compared to  Szell's last recording of the complete Beethoven Symphonies with the  Cleveland Orchestra.  Both have a palpable intensity of expression and were  recorded a mere 5 years apart.  While Szell achieves this intensity largely  through precise rhythmic drive, Kleiber achieves it through exquisite  planning of melodic phrase.  One clearly hears phrase leading to period,  leading to section, leading to overall form.  While the Cleveland Orchestra  of 1970 was known for its expanse of dynamic expression, the Vienna  Philharmonic was, and continues to be known for its complexity of timbre.    Kleiber does allow the strings to fall into a &quot;duple&quot; feel in the  development of the 1st movement of the 7th.  This is a common malady even  among the greats.  In spite of this really minor flaw, this is one of the  truly great recordings.  One hears a unified whole from beginning to end of  each of these symphonies.  I highly recommend it!
6304711891|3.0|got some good action sequences but don't believe the hype
B00003CX9S|5.0|Lynch has crafted one of the most moving films I've ever seen, but has also blessed it with his typically strong sense of atmosphere and mood.  The tender performances of Anthony Hopkins, John Hurt, John Gielgud and  others mesh beautifully with the evocative imagery and sends the viewer  immediately to the specific time and place. There is no reason why this  film should not be on the AFI top 100 list.
B000002NE4|5.0|&quot;The Boatman's Call&quot; demonstrates Nick Cave's considerable gifts as a songwriter like no other of his albums. A suite of understated, brooding pieces on the dissolution of a relationship, this is arguably  Cave's most mature work. The Bad Seeds take a back seat to the songcraft,  with stripped-down arrangements allowing Cave's naked yearning and anguish  to take center stage.<br />Cave's search for the divine continues on  &quot;Into My Arms&quot;, &quot;Brompton Oratory&quot; and &quot;There is a  Kingdom&quot;, songs that sound almost hymnal in their composition. When he  sings &quot;Are You the One I've Been Waiting For?&quot; the subject is  murky: is Cave talking about his soulmate or God? &quot;Lime Tree  Arbour&quot; takes a gothic turn: a boatman standing watch on a lake, a  lone bird circling overhead, doomed lovers holding hands in a lonely  arbour.<br />But the album's centerpiece is &quot;People Ain't No Good&quot;,  possibly Cave's most misanthropic anthem to date: &quot;It ain't that in  their hearts they're bad/They'd stick by you if they could/But that's just  bullshit/People just ain't no good&quot;. This dirge-like song's greatest  irony - and chief evidence of Cave's brilliance - is that it is immensely  uplifting. Indeed, few people can make feeling bad feel as good as Nick  Cave does. Amen.
B000002GQE|5.0|I have heard this album described in so many ways;  symphonic-rock, art-rock, pop-art, and so on... It's an exceptionally well-integrated musical enterprise between The London Festival Orchestra and rock/pop songs  written and performed by the Moody Blues.  The lyric and poetic quality of  the writing allowed for the fortuitous blending of the two media.  The  absolutely impeccable presence of the orchestra conducted by Peter Knight,  and musical arrangements composed by Redwave-Knight, make this effort a  complete and stunning success. 'Days of Future Passed' is the beginning of  much of the work to come for the Moodies with respect to their recording  techniques, conceptualizations, etc. And indeed, performing live to the  present day with a festival orchestra backing them continues to be a happy  tradition with this legendary group.  Any and every real music lover should  know of or have this album.  It's definitely a modern classic.
B00004STPT|4.0|Alfred Newman (&quot;The Robe&quot;), Franz Waxman (&quot;Demetrius and the Gladiators&quot;), Miklos Rozsa (&quot;Ben Hur&quot;), Alex North (&quot;Spartacus&quot;), Dimitri Tiomkin (&quot;The Fall of the Roman  Empire&quot;), and Jerry Goldsmith (&quot;Masada&quot;) have all had a hand  at musical interpretations of the Roman Empire.  Add to this illustrious  list Hans Zimmer and his score for Ridley Scott's &quot;Gladiator.&quot;   Actually, the score is by Zimmer, and Lisa Gerrard, with additional music  by Klaus Badelt (who also co-produced the soundtrack album with Zimmer),  and some music by Djivan Gasparyan.  The unusual occasion of a score by  committee should not raise an eyebrow in this instance, after all, how many  Ridley Scott films have involved some incident over the musical soundtrack?   Jerry Goldsmith saw part of his music for &quot;Alien&quot; replaced by  classical pieces, and his entire score was dumped from the American release  of &quot;Legend&quot; in favor of music by Tangerine Dream.  Most of the  score for &quot;Gladiator&quot; is by Zimmer, especially the main thematic  material, and it all works quite well as a soundtrack album.  Indeed, it  may be Zimmer's most impressive piece, albeit there are some reminders of  other works here:  &quot;Mars, the Bringer of War&quot; from Gustav Holst's  &quot;The Planets, Richard Wagner's &quot;Das Rheingold,&quot; Joseph  LoDuca's music for television's &quot;Xena:  Warrior Princess,&quot; and  Tiomkin's &quot;Fall of the Roman Empire&quot; (besides the music,  &quot;Gladiator,&quot; shares other similarities with this 1964 film).   &quot;Gladiator&quot; surprises in a number of ways.  Given the use of  Basil Poledouris' music from &quot;Conan the Barbarian&quot; in one of the  film's trailers, something a little different might have been expected.   Much of the score is, in fact, quite somber for a Roman epic.  But of  course &quot;Gladiator&quot; also has dramatic punch, and stirring moments,  particularly in &quot;The Battle,&quot; &quot;The Might of Rome,&quot;  &quot;Slaves to Rome,&quot; and &quot;Barbarian Horde&quot; (all by  Zimmer).  Lisa Gerrard's talents are showcased in an unexpected choral and  vocal finale, &quot;Now We Are Free.&quot;  This is a complex and engaging  musical package that comes together in a very enjoyable manner.
6305776326|4.0|i didnt get it when i went to reel.com and it said this movie wasnt really funny.i loved every minute of this movie.this movie is funny in a weird way
B000002I7H|5.0|Albert King is simply amazing. He has a wonderful voice and plays some of the smoothest blues guitar licks you'll ever hear. B.B. may be more well-known, but Albert is the greatest. Listen to this CD and you'll see  why Stevie Ray Vaughan admired Albert so much. He's very, very good. King  of the Blues Guitar is a must-have for any blues fan.
0792844793|5.0|I was pleased to find the picture and sound are both of a very high quality on this DVD. The animated menus are a treat, and the secret extra feature is a nice bonus! An essential purchase for fans of the film.
630460288X|4.0|demolition man is a two type of film the ith element and the last action hero it's about a hero cop and a famous killer called siomon fenecks they both have been sent to be frozen but when simon goes out he doesn't go so  quitly he kills and becomes mister fugitive and who comes to save the day  sly called as the demolition man also stars sandra bullock.
6303149200|5.0|This is surely one of the most interesting films to come out of Great Britain. It is very difficult to describe the plot without taking away something of the central interest. Suffice it to say that it is a most  original idea, and one that will appeal to people who are interested in  spirituality, as well as those with an eye for history. The film raises  more questions than it probably answers, but that is, in my opinion, the  point of good cinema. In so doing, it tackles a very difficult subject,  that of religion, and does so in a most original way.<br />Edward Woodward is  a very fine actor and part of the effect of the film must be credited to  his sterling performance as the police officer who has sufficient  imagination at the end, to fall into the trap which is set. The film also  deals with what I would call the question of destiny: the final act is  somehow predestined and all that has gone before is but a necessary prelude  to it. In a sense, the story unfolds in a pantomime-like manner, with the  music helping us to understand each scene in its own way. The musical score  lends itself very well to creating the atmosphere, which is at once  old-fashioned and eccentric. <br />Beyond the immediacy of the action itself,  there is the added bonus of the setting, an island off the coast of  Scotland (I'm not sure which one it is, although I think I once heard it  was Fair Isle). So the scenery is at times very lovely, and the cultural  setting is of interest in itself, as long as one can understand the accents  of all the characters assembled at the pub. All in all, this is one of my  favourite films and I highly recommend it.
B000005JAK|4.0|Husker Du were starting to break up by this record.  You can hear it in the split between Mould and Hart's songwriting styles -- Mould goes for the bleak confessional, Hart for the simpler pop.  This record represented the  band's movement from pure power to songcraft, but it doesn't show the  transition as well as Warehouse -- the album's just not long enough, and  paradoxically it has too much filler.  Some of the songs are powerful and  original -- the absolute standouts being the 2 perfect openers, the  excellent closer, &quot;Hardly Getting Over It&quot; and &quot;Eiffel Tower  High.&quot;  The other half of the record has a fairly soggy, cliched feel  to it.  Hart's numbers all seem fairly similar, whereas Mould's &quot;Too  Far Down&quot; is way overdone and &quot;I Don't Know For Sure&quot; is  probably his worst song, a straight ripoff of &quot;Makes No Sense at  All.&quot;<br />Emotionally, this record is very dark, and the similar tone  and brevity combine to make this record seem pale next to the epic  Warehouse.  However, the production is better, half the album is great, and  Husker Du were one of the strongest rock groups ever.  This album is  certainly worth your while, but may disappoint recent fans.
B000023X9W|5.0|Silver and Gold is one of Neil Young's best albums in years. Possibly even since Rust Never Sleeps. It's that good. It even beats such recent albums such as Ragged Glory and Harvest Moon. I am like alot of his fans. I like  the hard rocking Neil Young the best. However, I also love is softer side,  usually just as much. Neil's softest albums are After The Gold Rush (one of  his all time best), Harvest (Almost as great has Gold Rush), Comes A Time  (another classic), and Harvest Moon (A little disapointing, but still very  good. Silver And Gold continues this tradition, beating out Harvest Moon  and possibly Comes A Time. <br />Let's talk about some of the songs that make  this album so good. Good To See You is one of the best album openers of all  time. It is a great song, but it is a greeting from Neil personally, saying  hello, haven't seen you in a while. The song reads &quot;Good To See You,  Good To See You Again, Good To See Your Face Again, Good To See You.&quot;  It is a very kind welcoming song to the album. The title song Silver &amp;  Gold is one of my favorites on the album. It sounds very much like some of  the great songs on Comes A Time. Daddy Went Walkin' is basically a country,  folk song. Very similar to some of the songs on Old Ways. Buffalo  Springfield Again is an incredible song that reflects back on Neil's days  with them. It is possibly the best on the album. The Great Divide brings me  right back to the sound of songs on After The Gold Rush. It is great, also.  Horseshoe Man is a great piano song for Neil. Red Sun also takes me back to  Comes A Time. Distant Camera is another very soft ballad type song. Razor  Love is a beautiful song. It is one of the best on the album. Without Rings  perfectly ends the album. If you are a fan of Neil's, you will fall in love  with this album. Along with Lou Reed's Ecstasy, it is the best album to get  out this year, and possibly the last few. As it stands on April 28, 2000,  Silver &amp; Gold is the best album of the '00s.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Another great movie that brings out intense emotions. Unfortunately, the US edition is censored. Will not buy until the Australian uncensored edition becomes available.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Those of you who crave great movies that don't try to appeal to your most prurient, violent or sophomoric instincts:  Galaxy Quest is it!  And kudos to the writer, Robert Gordon, for that.  This is the perfect movie to see  as a family, even if your family (like mine) is devoid of a single Trekkie  or sci-fi fan.  While Galaxy Quest isn't just for kids, it's loaded with  priceless kid-level humor.  But the humor is all driven by an impressively  witty story, and that story is told with so much sophisticated humor on top  of it all that tears will run down your cheeks.  (Or the cheeks of the  people you give it to as gifts.)  Sure, credit must be given to the able  Director, Dean Parisot, as well as to the great cast.  However, Gordon, the  writer of the movie we saw up on the screen, has to get credit for pulling  off a feat that many of us thought was no longer possible among Hollywood  writers--story-telling with wit, dramatic impact, heart, and decent values.   (To be fair, David Howard did come up with the original concept, and it's  truly funny.  However, I've read both writers' scripts, and it was Gordon  who came up with the the plot, the characters, the whole shebang including  every single one of the jokes and pithy sayings.)  So get Galaxy Quest on  tape or DVD, and maybe Hollywood will take the hint and keep hiring people  like Robert Gordon to write the kind of movie we've been wanting more of!
0767815335|4.0|this film is quite odd it's been brought up in a quite smart way, a young little boy goes to a cinema with a magic ticket given to him, the ticket makes the boy go to the movie with arnie, as the boy saw who murdered jack  slater cousin he becomes partners with arnold , together the two help one  another and together are going to get revenge, on the people who killed  arnie's cousin.<br />if you dont like the typical action well then forget  about this because this is arnies biggest action film when impossible  things happen like when arnies driveing with no hand and busy shooting the  bad guys.if your the erson who does love his typical action films then your  in he right place to buy it because your be watching it over and over until  you die.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I have been a Moby fan since long before all the media hype that has surrounded Play.  While he was still crafting crazy ambient masterpieces, heavy metal insanity, and hard house tracks, I was right there along with  him.  And not because i liked everything he did musically, but because he  is such an admirable human being.  He sticks to his beliefs and doesn't  push them on anyone else.  He has always been willing to experiment  musically, even when he caught a lot of slack from the press and fans alike  (see Animal Rights).  But now, finally, everyone seems to agree on one  thing...Moby is truly someone to to watch. Play is yet another departure  for Moby and his musical wanderings.  Searching through old collections of  blues spirituals and adding his distinct sounds and beats, Moby tried  another musical formula and has at last succeeded in getting attention.  Not that he planned it that way...it just seems as though he hit the  proverbial 'right note' with this one.  Play is a lengthy record and  highlights his deep religious and political beliefs perhaps better than any  previous record of his.  The blues samples are carefully chosen, as though  each song was his own completely.  Moby's reactionary attitude to the world  around him seems to be fully realized on this release by the emphasizing  the spiritual side of music.  Play, though serious at many points, is also  a very 'playful' record as well, with tracks like Honey or Bodyrock  reitterating his dancefloor past.  This whole album speaks volumes by  itself, but is better enjoyed with his previous albums close at hand.  Moby  has a lot to say, and it seems as though one record will not do this  incredible talent's mind full justice.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day's _Dookie_ is one of the best albums I have ever heard.  I bought this album when I was a senior in highschool, now I'm a senior in college and I still enjoy it.  I feel as if I can relate to some of the  lyrics now that I've gotten a little more older.  <br />Green Day's playing  style is melodically punkish alternative with cynically humorous lyrics.   Tracks like &quot;Wasting time&quot; are easy to relate to since everyone  feels like sometimes they're just wasting time and not doing anything  productive.<br />To sum up, this CD is fun to listen to and enjoyable whether  your feeling mad, happy, apathetic, worthless, or just plain confused.
B000002KDS|5.0|Killer is the ultimate Alice Cooper album. Alice Cooper was the original shock rock artist. His stage antics were unlike anything before him. Killer perfectly captures this feeling. Each of the eight songs on the album is  classic Alice Cooper. Under My Wheels is one of the best songs on the  album. It has that grating sound that Cooper is known for. Be My Lover is  one of the lightest songs on the album, but is still a great song. Halo Of  Flies is my personal favorite song on the album. It is an epic song that  completely blew me away the first time I listened to it, and still does  today. Desparado is another great song and possibly one of the best  representations of what Cooper's style was all about in the early 70s. You  Drive Me Nervous and Yeah, Yeah, Yeah are also great songs. Dead Babies is  one of the scariest songs on the album, just listen to it. The song Killer  ends the album perfectly. Killer is one of the most shocking, loudest,  harshest albums of it's time. Any fan of Rock should like this alum. A True  Klassic.
B000002B7M|5.0|This is what this album should have been called!  I cant remember any other occasion a singer in a band started a solo career lauching an album so damned good ! With Bob Daisley on bass, magic Randy Rhoads on guitar and  Keerslake on drums, Ozzy was set to deliver first-class metal, full, fast,  deep,much more complete than Sabbath, great lyrics, Randy solos years ahead  of its time. The stuff included is all perfect (exception: &quot;No Bone  Movies&quot;).
1573301051|5.0|The whole show really embraced all these diva's talents..all are talented, Celine has a powerful voice and a great singer, Aretha Frankin is the queen of soul, Shania Twain is great with her country twang, and Gloria Estefan  has raised latin music to the next level...but the real show was Mariah  Carey!   Mariah pretty much stole the show with her great vocal diva  skills as usual and she sang with such power and resilience.  Mariah is  truly the best diva of all time (although some will disagree) but that is  what I think..Go Mariah!   Mariah Carey is superb always and  forever, she does the best duets too...especially with Aretha on this DVD.  MARIAH CAREY IS DA BOMB! <br />love, Derek Jen (your no.1 fan  forever!).....'lambs'
B000023X9W|5.0|This is an album full of music that, with its warmth and gentle wisdom, connects immediately to the soul. As always with Young in his &quot;acoustic bard&quot; mode, the vocals are spine-tinglingly beautiful,  reaching high peaks and then wavering there deliciously before falling  again. The songs are some of his strongest ever; there isn't a single  moment on this disc that doesn't ring with conviction. On a few songs, he  seems to pay homage to what may have been early influences, as if taking a  journey through the music of his times. &quot;Razor Love,&quot; for  example, channels Van Morrison circa &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot; And the  title track nods at Nick Drake. But the overall mood he conjures--and it's  a wonderful, starry-summer-evening mood--is unmistakably his own.  Unequivocally, a must.
B000002H5I|4.0|Of all her albums, including the new release, this is Tracy's finest.  To think it is over 12 years since it was released is unbelievable as it only seems like yesterday when 'Fast Car' and 'Baby Can I Hold You Now' graced  our airwaves.   Tracy produced a masterpiece in every sense of the word  from start to finish with this CD.  You can't match perfection, and that is  why her other albums haven't been on par with this.   Once you hear the  opening line of 'Talkin' Bout A Revolution' you know you've got yourself a  great album.  Hang on to it, as albums like this rarely come along.
0783225970|5.0|Where to begin... Well the first time I saw this picture I was in the 8th grade and was completely mesmerized by it. I mean the performance by Mr. Pacino is by far the best in his illustrious career. From the first words  that Tony utters in opening scene &quot;Antonio Montana&quot; to the  incredible ending, the performance leaves one wanting more. The movie is  long but does not feel like its length. I agree with the some of the  comments made earlier about the DVD,- in terms of poor sound quality. But I  think that is small price to pay for all the extra benefits of the package.  The behind the scenes documentary is must see for all fans as well as the  deleted scenes. The trailers to this movie were awful. It's no wonder the  movie did not do well at the box office in its initial release.(plus the  terrible reviews and controversey did not help) I think that for any guy  growing up in the late 80's early 90's, this was mandatory viewing. Highly  recommended for all.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma has a strong lyrics in their music. what a voice, what a vibration, what a Freedom that I discovered listening to this CD. Youve got to listen this CD, But, you MUST have an Open Mind, If Dont, Forget it!  one of  the BEST new ages CDs that I ever heard it for example: the combination  with track 2: push the limits, with sex, and her sexy voice,thats  incredible, anyway, if youre looking something for your SPIRIT, ENIGMA4 is  the answer!  listen to these tracks with care, to enjoy it, and youll see  that its very similar to the first album, anyway, you will travel with  this sound only if you want to! Free your Soul With ENIGMA1234!
0671004107|5.0|Despite being hailed as one of the greatest scientists (astrophysicist) who had dedicated his entire life to popularize science and humanitarian values Dr.Carl Sagan proved himself to be one of the most insightful story  tellers as well in his one and only fiction work &quot;CONTACT&quot;! It  was during my early teens I started reading Dr.Sagan;I started off with  &quot;COSMOS&quot; followed by most of his available works. He has that  uncanny knack of putting forth some of the most difficult concepts in the  simplest language possible, such was his erudition and simplicity! Reading  &quot;COSMOS&quot; after more than a decade was a totally different  experience altogether because it is only then I happened to read the  &quot;Dedication&quot; part. It read: &quot;In the immensity of time and  the vastness of space it is my joy to dedicate a planet and an epoch with  you&quot;. These words had a magical effect on me for, these simple words  revealed the innermost recesses of a  passionate man with a cosmic vision  and Compassion unbound. Ever since that day I had always wondered what  would it be like if he wrote fiction. He answered this question with  &quot;CONTACT&quot;! Though it appears much like a science fiction novel, I  consider it to be one of the most philosophical novels ever written  exploring some of the vital facts of our existence with lot of  autobiographical elements intertwined. While depicting the life of the  Astrophysicist protagonist Dr.Elle who sacrificed a lot to pursue that  which she thought to be of utmost scientific import and public concern,  Dr.Sagan also speaks out with effortless ease the fierce inner conflicts at  the emotional level of even the most undettered. Being the main scientist  who initiated SETI, Dr.Sagan gives a clear account of the latest research  in the field of Radio Astronomy and Planetary Studies around the world.  Every chapter has a few header quotations, which helps the reader resonate  with what follows. Whilelooking for a message from outer space Dr.Sagan  ferrets out that message from our inner space which all of us bypass in our  mad race to survive..This echoes these words of T.S.Eliot:&quot; Where is  the Life we have lost in living..?&quot;.Yes, all through her life Dr.Ellie  was looking for a message from outer space, all through her life she was  busy debunking the creation myths of others while remaining oblivious to  the simplest message that &quot;FOR LITTLE BEINGS SUCH AS WE HUMANS ,THIS  VASTNESS IS BERABLE ONLY THROUGH LOVE&quot; .It is here we find the perfect  blend, a rare combination, of intellectual vibrancy and emotional  sensitivity which brings forth the enlightening awareness of being  Intellectually Sensitive!
6305508550|5.0|Somehow this movie did not hit it big in the theaters, but that is more likely a result of poor marketing than the quality of the film.  This movie is hilarious and should have been a huge commercial success.<br />I don't even  remember when this movie hit the theaters, but one day at the video store I  heard a skateboard carrying teenager say to a fellow teen, &quot;Dude, this  movie is the funniest EVER! &quot;  Based on that ringing endorsement (and  even more based on the fact that there were only about 3 DVD available that  night) I grabbed it off the shelf.  I had very low expectations.  By the  end of the first half hour, I wanted to call the teen and tell him to get a  job as a movie reviewer.  This movie is one of the funniest EVER.  I  laughed so hard at some scenes, I had to rewind (is is still called  rewinding on DVD?) immediately to watch them again.<br />Maybe it was the  unknown cast (other than Jennifer Aniston), or the lack of faith the studio  had in Mike Judge's ability to direct a live action movie, but this movie  got very little publicity.  What a mistake.  Although low brow at times, I  can't think of one person who will not laugh out loud at least five times  during this movie.  The cast is great and very funny.  There are a few  &quot;big&quot; names, like Aniston, Stephen Root, Steve Girardot and  Diedrich Bader, but it is the &quot;unknowns&quot; who make this flick  great.  Ron Livingston is great as the dissatisfied employee who decides he  is just not going to go to work anymore.  Every player seems to have a  funny line.  And, as other reviewers have pointed out, this movie has some  of the most quotable funny lines in movie history, which pushes this film  up to its five star status.<br />Get a copy of this movie and enjoy. It is one  of the funniest ever, Dude.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This is an album that won't budge from the Oz Top 10, and it's no wonder.  It is full of variety and has some of the best guitar work on an 1999 album release.  It has heaps of tracks too which is nice to see.  Listen for gems  such as 'Road Tripping' and the title track and you will be sold.  The  Chilli Peppers put on a mean show at the Big Day Out concert in Australia  in January this year which highlighted the tracks from this CD.
B000000P11|5.0|Strange Times is a classic. End of story. Why do British bands always burn out at their peak? If anyone was listening in the 80's (and apparently U2 was) they would have realized that this band was going into previously  uncharted territory. Often categorized as Gothic, New Wave, etc. Chameleons  broke several boundaries and really, in my mind refuse classification other  than that they are a band deserving of their legendary status. Strange  Times is the swan song of the 80's. Listen to this album and the others and  you'll realize just how influential these guys were without getting much  credit. They created the reverb, ethereal guitar sound emulated by such  greats as The Chrurch, U2, The Fixx and in many ways the Police. The ghosts  of Chameleons even haunt some eighties releases by Rush and David + David.  Where'd you think tha guitar sound came from on &quot;Welcome to the  Boomtown&quot;. Listen to Script of the Bridge. Listen to the Chameleons  and pay your homage! Where as Script of the Bridge was the White Album of  the 80's, Strange Times was the Let it Be. At time incredibly powerful and  delicately  eerie. The lyrical content is simply amazing as it walks the  fine line through British surrealism and wrenching emotional confusion.  Thanks for the timeless music guys!
0140067477|3.0|This is a good introduction to Taoism, and describes many aspects of Taoist philosophy very well.  My major problem with this book was the arrogant, very non-Taoist attitude taken by the author in his writing.  He seems quite proud to be imparting his knowledge upon the ungifted masses.   If you can get past that, you will find it an interesting, worthwhile book.   For a better introduction, try Eva Wong's translation of The Seven Taoist  Masters.
0792101448|5.0|The western is a genre that is often full of cliches and steroetypes.  What Once Upon a Time in the West does is nothing short of amazing. It takes all those cliches and stereotypes and puts them all a bit askew.  I  don't think I have seen a film that has been better at creating so strong a  mood throughout a film as this one, and without much dialogue. That gives  credit to the excellent direction of this film.  Casting Henry Fonda  against type as the dark, forboding villian is nothing short of brilliant.   He delivers one of his best performances here, being totally believable as  a cold, heartless killer. You actually feel intimidated by this character.  Charles Bronsan, as the mysterious, nameless stranger, who pursues the  bandits with his own agenda, is riveting. Again, this is, without question,  his best performance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
0780624890|5.0|As an avid fan of vampire movies, I couldn't wait to see Wesley Snipes take on the role of Blade.  It was worth every second of the wait.  This movie is a rocking, rollicking thrill ride of a vampire movie, with  fully-developed heroes, villians and storylines.  From the opening  &quot;nightclub&quot; scene to the final battle there is never a dull  moment.<br />Based on the &quot;comic&quot; book character Blade, this movie  follows the exploits of the half-vampire, half-human bloodsucker slayer,  who has taken it upon himself to rid the world of the vampire vermin.  Snipes is fantastic in this role.  He has the swagger and the athleticism  to carry it off with true style.  Having seen him in this role, I could not  even imagine another actor taking it on.  Kris Kristopherson has developed  a second career playing a crusty mentor type, and he is very good at it.  Stephen Dorff brings a good attitude as Blade's nemisis, although he lacks  the some of the charisma that the character requires.  Other than that, I  have no complaints about this movie.<br />The story, directing and acting are  all first rate.  If you like action packed excitement, you will love this  movie.  It starts in high gear and never slows down.  Violent and bloody,  it is not for the young or squemish, but if you are neither, slap it in the  DVD player and have a great time.  This was the first DVD I ever bought and  I have watched it many times since.<br />A classic Vampire/Action movie.  Add  it to your collection and enjoy the ride.
B000002UA7|2.0|To begin with, a remix of 'Wuthering Heights' is put on this compilation instead of the original.  The reason for that is clear as day - to mislead consumers into believing they are getting a better version of a song that  simply put, doesn't need remixing!     This compilation was quickly rushed  out for the Xmas season as record companies did in the 80's.  I doubt Kate  had any input into it.  Aside from that, the main hits are here, but I  strongly suggest readers getting hold of 'The Kick Inside' which is her  best album to date.  It is like a greatest hits in itself.  Magic, magic,  magic !
B000002NAK|3.0|This version of Evita is okay. Some songs were made a lot better like &quot;On This Night Of A Thousand Stars&quot; with its new tango feel, &quot;And The Money kept Rolling In&quot; with its extended instrumental or  &quot;Goodnight and Thank You&quot; with its much more career driven  lyrics.<br />However, the same can't be said for other songs. Buenos Aires was  murdered. Such a song that was so energetic in both the original concept  recording and the original Broadway recording became flat and repetitive.  Rainbow High was butchered for the removal of anything relating to  ogliarchs and aristocracy. Eva's Sonnet forgot to turn up to rehearsals and  made Madonna's Evita politically bland. And Lament-it hurts me to  think....<br />Madonna looked like Evita but did not sing like her. There is  no underlying ambition or ruthlessness in her voice (maybe except in her  speeches). Antonio is good but becomes hard to understand in complex  verses. Pryce is a boring puppet
B000002UBU|5.0|Yes, it is sad that this musician is known entirely for his onesong, but if you buy the cd for the one sang, you will get more thanyou paid for with the rest of this album. &quot;Vincent&quot; is a moving piece that will make you stop and think about us as a society and our backwards value system as capitalists.  We value money and fame rather than art and integrity.  Have we learned anything yet?  If we agree with McLean, perhaps we never will.  &quot;Empty chairs&quot; and &quot;Babylon&quot; are great as well.  Just buy the album! Amazon's price is more than fair for what you're getting in this work.
0440219078|5.0|Jonas lives in a perfect society.  No pain, no color, and nolove. Jonas has to worry about turning twelve.  When he finally does,he is chosen to perform a specific role in his &quot;Community&quot;. Jonas has been selected to be Receiver of Memory.  The Giver, the previous Receiver of Memory, has to pass on the memories of the whole world to Jonas.<br /> The Giver has enlightened me.  Lois Lowry has taken true life and has molded it with fiction, to create the greatest story about utopia that I have ever read.  She used descriptive characters and a great story line.  This story will most likely stay with me for long time.
B00000JGOH|5.0|When this movie came out, I was convinced I would hate it.  How could a chick flick about Shakespeare falling in love with Gwyneth be any good?  When my male co-workers told me it was great, I passed it off as the  influence of their wives, who I was convinced were now doing the thinking  for them.  Then, my now girlfriend dragged me to it (the first movie we saw  together).  I couldn't believe my eyes.  Unfolding before me was a funny,  touching (yeah, guys can like touching movies, too), well-acted,  well-writen, wonderfully entertaining movie.  Thanks to my brilliant  girlfriend, I got to see a great movie.<br />I agree with the previous  reviewer who said Shakespeare purists should give this film a break.  This  is not Shakespeare.  It is fiction.  That said, if Shakespeare were to  magically come to life, I bet he would love this flick.  It has all the  elements he employed. Humor, romance, swashbuckling action and tragedy.  Did it deserve the Oscar over Private Ryan?  I'll leave that argument to  others, and just say that this movie deserved all the accolades it received  and it is a shame that they both couldn't win.<br />I won't critique all the  players, other than to say there is not a weak performance among them.  The  cast does a fantastic job of bring this wonderful Tom Stoppard story to  life.  (If you like this movie, give one of Stoppard's other classics  &quot;Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead&quot; a watch, too.)  This is a  very entertaining movie and has something for everybody to enjoy.  It was  so good, I bought a copy on DVD.<br />So, if you are a guy, and haven't seen  this movie because it is a chick flick, take a chance and grab a copy of  this on DVD.  You won't be sorry.  I not only got to see a great movie, but  found a great girl as a bonus.  Talk about a win/win.
079283318X|5.0|When it was originally announced that Pierce Brosnan would replace Roger Moore as agent 007, I was a bit perplexed. How could this skinny little comic actor even begin to restore the ragged Bond series?  As it turned  out, fate played a favourable part in the Brosnan/Bond saga. By the time  Brosnan was able to accept the role, he was more than ready. After seeing  him in &quot;The Fourth Protocol&quot;, I knew that this man was deep and,  even more importantly, could be quite believably menacing. Fate did us all  a very good turn indeed with the casting of Brosnan in Goldeneye, but  that's not all. Most of the elements that made Bond great in the sixties  returned, complete with a modern look that succeeded where the Bond films  of the eighties had not. It was an absolute stroke of genius to have the  plot of Goldeneye build a bridge between the Russia of the Cold War and the  thieve's paradise of today's former USSR. This brilliantly scripted movie  lets James Bond thrive in his natural element without dating him a bit.  <br />Brosnan is a revelation (I think that I nearly wept with joy and relief  at his riveting performance) as is Samantha Bond as Moneypenny and,  surprisingly, Dame Judi Dench as M. The presence of Bond's literary cohort  Bill Tanner is inspired, as well.<br />As the next two Bond features would  prove, the current James Bond cinema machine would more than heal the  damage done in the seventies and eighties to the super spy juggernaut.  As  another added plus, there are not one but two truly memorable female leads  in Goldeneye.  All of this while sacrificing not one bit of blessed  political incorrectness.  This film is exactly what was needed to restore  faith to the faithful, if you know what I mean.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I really, really enjoyed this flick.  People will call it satirical, people will say it pokes fun at trekkies, etc.  But what makes this movie great is that it can stand alone.  It's funny enough that non-sci-fi buffs  can still enjoy it, and it's got enough references to sci-fi programs that  real fans of the genre will find another level of amusement.  But the story  is funny, the characters are great, and Tim Allen and Sigourney Weaver are  terrific.<br />Essentially, it's a very entertaining, relatively  easy-on-the-brain story that will give you a good hour and a half of  laughs.
0783235380|3.0|Frankly, she needs better material because she's better than these boring films she's making.  This was a very forgettable story about a free spirit who is charming and causes ripples all aorund her.
B000002HRE|5.0|I know almost all the words off of this album. That's how much I love it! My absolute favotrites are The Memory Remains, Unforgiven II, Devil's Dance, Better Than You, and I LOVE Low Mans Lyric!  This CD (the follow up  to Load), continues to show Metallica's growth, while still remaining to  their metal roots. Metallica will always be heavy metal, they just have the  talent AND the guts to try new things with it. They can pull it off easily.  Of course!  Would you expect any thing less from them? So, to wrap it all  up, you need to buy this album NOW or else your life will never be  complete.
079283318X|5.0|When it was originally announced that Pierce Brosnan would replace Roger Moore as agent 007, I was a bit perplexed. How could this skinny little comic actor even begin to restore the ragged Bond series?  As it turned  out, fate played a favourable part in the Brosnan/Bond saga. By the time  Brosnan was able to accept the role, he was more than ready. After seeing  him in &quot;The Fourth Protocol&quot;, I knew that this man was deep and,  even more importantly, could be quite believably menacing. Fate did us all  a very good turn indeed with the casting of Brosnan in Goldeneye, but  that's not all. Most of the elements that made Bond great in the sixties  returned, complete with a modern look that succeeded where the Bond films  of the eighties had not. It was an absolute stroke of genius to have the  plot of Goldeneye build a bridge between the Russia of the Cold War and the  thieve's paradise of today's former USSR. This brilliantly scripted movie  lets James Bond thrive in his natural element without dating him a bit.  <br />Brosnan is a revelation (I think that I nearly wept with joy and relief  at his riveting performance) as is Samantha Bond as Moneypenny and,  surprisingly, Dame Judi Dench as M. The presence of Bond's literary cohort  Bill Tanner is inspired, as well.<br />As the next two Bond features would  prove, the current James Bond cinema machine would more than heal the  damage done in the seventies and eighties to the super spy juggernaut.  As  another added plus, there are not one but two truly memorable female leads  in Goldeneye.  All of this while sacrificing not one bit of blessed  political incorrectness.  This film is exactly what was needed to restore  faith to the faithful, if you know what I mean.
0140277447|2.0|I finally read this book after hearing so much about it, but I was greatly dissapointed by what I found. The main ideas that are expressed in the book are 1) That the Japanese people are butchers, who place little value of the  sanctity of life because of a strong military tradition, and 2) That the  &quot;Rape of Nanjing&quot; was never acknowledged first by the Japanese,  and second, by the rest of the world. Neither of these ideas are valid.  Chang does an excellent job of detailing the graphic murders of so many  people and of enlightening us on the depravities of human bahaviour. What  she does not provide is any sort of tenable explanation for it, either in  terms of individual psychology or the mechanics of groups. the Japanese  have a strong military tradition that emphasises ruthlesness and the nihil  value of human life, do they? And the Chinese don't? Remember the cultural  revolution? how many people were murdered in that little farce? And what of  the &quot;liberation&quot; of Tibet and the murder of the 15 th Dalai Llama  (a six-year old boy)? thanks to the Chinese &quot;liberation&quot; of  Tibet, the seat of Tibetan culture is now in India, while Tibet is overrun  with the Red Army. Russians? 40 million dead in the Stalinist purges.  Nazis? Six Million dead. Americans? The number of American Indians murdered  and blacks enslaved is still not known. Spanish? But need I go on? the sort  of savagery that the Japanese visited upon Nanjing was not uniqely Japanese  . . . it is all-too human, to use a phrase of Nietzsche's. What Change did  not ask was a very disturbing question to all of us (particularly the  finger-pointers): &quot;Under what circumstances could I have been among  those who engaged in such atrocities?&quot; The &quot;what&quot; of what  occurred is admirably dealt with; the &quot;why&quot; remains a mystery.  And she goes as far as to compare the massacre at Nanjing to the Holocaust.  This is ridiculous. 800, 000 dead cannot compare to 6, 000, 000 dead, to  say nothing of the different sizes of the respective opoulations involved.  I am not saying that it is OK to kill even a single person; just that the  effect that the Nazi Holocaust had upon the Jews was a far greater threat  to their people than was the effect of the massacre at Nanjing to the  Chinese. A substantial proprtion of the Jewish people were annihilated; if  the Nazi threat were left unchecked, they would have been eliminated  entirely. The future of Chinese culture was not threatened by the Japanese  attack. ironically the gravest threat to Chinese culture was Mao -- a  Chinese himself who obviously felt that human life had no value (at least  OTHER humans' lives). This is part of what happens in war. And what nation  . . . what people, has not engaged in war. innocent people die, children  are butchered. If you don't like it, put an end to war. There is no other  solution. This means aggression that comes from home as well as from  abroad. And the effect of this writing? Look at the other reviews. One  reader even suggested that the dropping the atomic bomb on Japan was  deserved. Of course, that did not kill any innocent or undeserving people.  Remember that it was not the Japanese people who made the decision to enter  WWII, but the emperor. Also, the notion that this atrocity was unknown to  others and unadmitted by the Japanese is untrue. the Japanese HAVE admitted  this. But what can they do? They cannot resurrect anyone. the atrocity was  mentioned in the move &quot;Pearl&quot; as well as in one of Auden's poems.  How then is it unknown. Change also has, it seems, a very liberal notion of  what history is, using whatever photographs seem bloody enough. Although  the massacre undoubtedly happened, it has not had as big an impact on  western history as the Holocaust for good reason, as I have desribed above.  Read the book, but do so with great discrimination.
6304578482|5.0|This movie came out the same year as my ten-year old reunion and it was a blast to see it.  Lisa and Mira are so right-on as two airheads who mean well and have always been the outcasts.  Janeane rocks as always, and the  Evil Wenches reminded me of the little clique in High school.  Great laugh  out loud movie and killer soundtrack!
B000002GYR|5.0|&quot;Closing Time&quot; is Tom Waits at his earliest, and to my ear, best. It is the plight of the artist to always have to seek new challenges and it is for that reason that, having peaked so early in the mainstream  with this album, he was compelled to find a new direction for his later  works. This leads to two conclusions about &quot;Closing Time&quot; as an  album. It is more approachable than his later works. But as an introduction  to Tom Waits, it is by far the best. Its universal appeal does not  compromise Uncle Tom's customary insightful, and occasionally inciting,  lyrics.  As a pre-cursor to the more ambitious body of work which follows,  &quot;Closing Time&quot; is a must. However, purely from the perspective of  nice background music, &quot;Closing Time&quot; is brilliant, and it's not  often that one can say that about a Tom Waits album. However to listen to  it as mere background music is to sell &quot;Closing Time&quot; short.  Anyone who buys this album will find that out for themselves upon hearing  the second track, &quot;I hope that I don't fall in love with you&quot;.  Having drifted away (on the wings of your love), you will return to Earth  with the poignancy of &quot;Martha&quot;. This album has so much to  recommend it, that it hardly seems worthwhile for me to join the chorus in  its praise, but it's hard to resist singing along when &quot;Closing  Time&quot; is the album in question.
0812548094|5.0|I am a fan of Terry Goodkind and all his wonderful books, I was eager to review his work, hoping to encourage future would be readers to get themselves a copy. However I was most dismayed when I found other reviews  were not so glowing. <br />Reviewers who have offered their own opinions about  the Sword of Truth series, have been cut to pieces personally, targets  because another person did not agree with what another has written.   Whether for or against the series, I feel that reviews should be limited to  the book concerned and not with the person writing the review, we are all  intitled to our own opinion. <br />So to end on a positive note I Loved Stone  of Tears, sharing the experience of following Richard and Kahlan through  their many adventures, triumphs and tragedies, my favourite character would  have to be Gratch, wish I had a Gar.  Get a copy whether you buy or borrow  it, READ STONE OF TEARS and make up your own mind! ENJOY!
630526323X|2.0|I am a big Dracula fan, but this Dracula is a waste of time. First of all, NOTHING seemed to happen, and it was rarely scary! Of the Draculas I've seen, this was drawn out the WORST. I am very familiar with the story of  Dracula, but it made little sense to me primarily because it had little  dialogue and some details were changed. Plus, The ending was confusing! Was  Jonathan Harker a vampire, and where does he go on his horse at the end,  and why? Maybe he was trying to escape Van Helsing, I don't know. What I DO  KNOW is that it is a confusing ending to a dreamy film! If I who am  familiar with Dracula was confused, anyone unfamiliar with the story would  be if they saw this film. A beginner would be more informed through 1931's  &quot;Dracula&quot; or 1957's &quot;The Horror of Dracula&quot;. Also, I am  convinced that the person playing Dracula should not look so obviously  wicked. It gives the whole show away! Plus, they have to be in their 40s at  least. Kinski failed in both departments, but his acting is OK (but not so  good after all, since I've seen better). Bela Lugosi, Gary Oldman,  Christopher Lee are all suave and not too obviously wicked (at least to the  other characters), and are all the right age.<br />The sets are marvelous and  realistic (but &quot;Horror of Dracula&quot; is like that, too). It moves  at a slow, dreamy pace, but it doesn't build up any suspense! Bottom line:  both 1970s Draculas are worthless, watch the other Dracula films!
B000002L9W|4.0|Hiring Steve Vai almost completely covered the fact that DLR's compositions are pretty light...Ladies night in Buffalo being an exception.....a bunch of decent songs, but I doubt that without MTV this  would be remembered now...
0800141601|5.0|I am not a professional critic, nor a professional movie &quot;person&quot;, but what I do know is that this movie made me sweat from suspense and action...and come to tears from its romance and tragedy.   An all around great film and superior acting, I recommend this movie to  all.
6303306519|4.0|I loved this movie from the first time I saw it. It is striking in its ruthless attak on the rotten universe hidden below American conformist and consumarist society. I hope everybody will spread the news about this  highly underestimate gore movie. Enjoy!
630575067X|5.0|The new Star Wars is here. Many critics bashed it for it's poorly developed characters, use of to much special effects, among other complaints. Critics also bashed the first Star Wars when it came out in  1977 but now look at it and the movies have become among the most popular  of movies. Anyways, the plot for this new installation in the Star Wars  serious is much more thicker then the older films. I know, the characters  are very shallow and Jar Jar Binks is downright annoying. I see no use for  him except a ploy used by the movie makers to make the kiddies laugh.  Little Jake Loydd did O.K. as Anakin, he still has a lot of maturing to do,  but he did more then I expected. Besides, Star Wars doesn't need Oscar  nominating Acting! It's all about fun. The special effects are simply  astounding and takes your breath away. The vistas, the cities, the space  stations, all of it is created with a new breath and never before attempted  in other movies. I do admit that some of it looks very CG, but most of it  is very well done. Seeing the special effects alone is worth the buying of  a movie. The sound is amazing as well, not Matrix-caliver stuff, but better  then most out there. The whole movie was a thrill ride and brought back  (not as well though) the memories of seeing first Star Wars for the first  time. Highly Recommended, I predict it will become a classic in a few  years. It'll grow on people as time progresses
B000002L9W|4.0|Hiring Steve Vai almost completely covered the fact that DLR's compositions are pretty light...Ladies night in Buffalo being an exception.....a bunch of decent songs, but I doubt that without MTV this  would be remembered now...
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is just another example of how talented Santana can be.  He continues to dominate the music scene and has been around for what seems forever... his music just doen't get old.  This CD in particular has such a  wide variety you can leave it on repeat all day!
B0000048ZL|5.0|I hadn't seen this movie forever as it never seems to play on TV so I bought the video.  Rewatching this was very enjoyable and brought back all the memories.  I'm not sure there is a better American love story and the  fact that it is set around the story of Hollywood communism is a great  touch as that is such an unexplored area.  From buying this movie, I have  bought books on Communism in Hollywood and have enjoyed learning more of  the subject.<br />My only caution is don't make the mistake I made by buying  the standard version.  I would really like the 25 year review with  interviews by Pollack and Streisand.  Pollack is one of the best  entertainers of our time.
B000002L99|5.0|Hagar is probably the best singer on the scene. Combine this with red hot VH guitar virtuoso and FM keyboard riffs and you get probably the best 80FM rock album. Dreams is the song every band wishes they'd wrote. I will never  forget the days when this music was all around us....
B00001NFCY|3.0|&quot;Human Clay&quot; was a requested christmas gift from my mom.  Maybe I should not have asked for it.  It's OK, but sorry guys &quot;What If&quot; really works on my nerves!   I do like &quot;Higher&quot; and  &quot;Arms Wide Open,&quot; but most of the songs don't sound like the  original Creed.  It's a shame!   CREED is coming to my hometown in May  for a concert and I can hardly wait!   I may have to wear my earplugs  through the HUMAN CLAY songs!
B000006TRV|5.0|Simply a bitchin' work of art. Get it. &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; is well worth 30 bones. and wait until you hear &quot;the Trial.&quot;
B00003OST8|5.0|Apologies for the repost - but a movie of this calibre deserves more than one review! <br />All too often today is the epithet \\"classic\\" applied to simply a popular film. More often than not such \\"classics\\" are unable to  bear the weight of such esteemed company and lapse into obscurity. Not so  The Adventures of Robin Hood (TAORH) which, despite being over sixty years  old, remains a triumph of the Film-Makers craft, and should rightly be  considered the yardstick by which all other classics are measured. The  reason for such a claim is simple; everything is perfect. The score won an  Oscar and drives the film along with vigour: The direction, although  interrupted during production, is faultless and the colour, glorious  Technicolour, is so rich that it makes even current day productions seem  lacklustre: The script is witty and concise with innumerable quotes and the  plot simple, convincing and urgent.<br />But the real success of the film is  the casting. From the dashing Robin (Errol Flynn), through the beautiful  and demure Marion (Olivia de Havilland) , the comical High Sheriff  (Melville Cooper), the dastardly Sir Guy (Basil Rathbone) and sly Prince  John (Claude Rains), not to mention the minor leads and supporting players,  the cast acquit themselves of their acting requirements in style.  It is  only when you stop to consider the original choices for some of the leads  (e.g James Cagney for Robin) that you appreciate quite how bad the film  could have been, but also how great it is. The characters ARE characatures,  that much cannot be denied, the \\"baddies\\" having few redeeming features,  the \\"goodies\\" hero's in every sense. But they are characatures carved with  such skill and thought by actors who knew their business so well, that we  find ourselves drawn into the film, doublet and all. For Romantics, of  course, but I challenge any open-minded individual to watch TAORH and not  come away entranced by it. It is for these reasons that I nominate TAORH as  the best film ever made.<br />The choice is simple really; if you're looking  for a complicated pot-boiler of a film that will be good to while away a  couple of hours and is \\"of-the-moment\\" then look again. But if you're  looking for an experience that will linger on after the final credits have  rolled, an amalgam of everything good about film-making, and want, just  once, to see what perfection looks like, The Adventures Of Robin Hood is  for you.
B0000027RL|4.0|The name of this album comes from the number of a basketball player named mookie blaylock (i think that is how you spell it). As for the name of the band,&quot;Grandma Pearl&quot; (mentioned in the linear notes) used to make  a hallucinogenic peyote jam. I swear. I've been listening to this since it  came out.
B000002HJD|5.0|Poetry is and always has been a highly personal endeavor. Even some of the greatest (meaning the most widely acclaimed and accepted) poets sometimes wrote verse that was so esoteric as to be intelligible only to  themselves...if even then. The poets who could communicate their insights  most effectively to a wide number of people, or the ones who had marginal  skill and exceptional ambition or the ones blessed with really good  literary agents and maybe a bit of luck became the famous ones we studied  in school. So what? Art is not supposed to be a competitive sport or a  popularity contest.  It's a personal expression foremost and always and  it's of absolutely zero consequence if no one else &quot;gets it&quot;.   Morrison wrote things that were meaningful to him at that particular time.  After his death his bandmates released their tribute to him: American  Prayer. Yes, they and others made money from it. So what? That's what  happens when you produce something and release it commercially. It doesn't  suggest that they didn't sincerely have a fondness and respect for Morrison  and wanted to honor his memory this way and share it with his fans. And for  those people who attack him and this album, it only displays a personality  trait of insecure egos trying to increase thier own stature by diminishing  someone else's. You will be forgotten. As rock bands have come and gone,  Jim Morrison and the Doors live on.
B000001IPL|4.0|I really do think that this is the band's best album. This is what made them my favorite band until I heard GREEN DAY(dookie). The 2 best songs are COME OUT AND PLAY &amp; SELF-ESTEEM. I wish they would of done more with  this album. It never really got that far, like AMERICANA did. Go out and  buy it now.
B000000OTU|4.0|Let's call it Greatest Hits part 2. Even if it does have ALL of their ridiculous ballads.The heavy rock sound they have made over the last 13 years is well represented here.Kudos for being one of the longest surviving  American rock bands.Here's the disc to prove it.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Let me first say this is NOT a story.  It's a series of symbolic events, its not meant to make plain sence.  I really liked this movie, and it's so great because it could easily have been made wrong or too extreme.  The  only movie that I think is comparable to it is David Lynch's Lost Highway,  even though this movie has its very own atmosphere. A terriffic end for  Stanley Kubrick.
B000001FTD|5.0|The record by which speed metal shall be judged.Great songs,killer riffs,and the best lead singer in speed metal at that time.
0517543052|4.0|There are seekers, and there are finders. Richard Alpert (Ram Dass) is a 'finder'.<br /><br />He was a self-described bi-sexual college professor, and a colleague of Timothy Leary, when he got caught up in the drug scene (esp. LSD), which gave him a look at chemically induced 'enlightenment.'  Just enough to whet his curiosity.  The trouble was, he always &quot;came  down.&quot;  so he went to India. He wanted something more  permanent.<br /><br />While he was there on his spiritual quest, he was led to a  little Indian 'Guru,' who showed him the way--demonstrating powers that  blew Alpert away! For one thing, he took a dose of LSD that would have  stunned an elephant, and never batted an eye. He had something  stronger--the real thing.<br /><br />I met Alpert when he returned to the United  States, intent upon spreading the good word. By then he had changed his  name to Ram Dass ('servant of God'). I heard him speak in Santa Cruz, as  well as in Monterey. He has charisma, and he has a message in which he  truly believes.<br /><br />This is one of his best books (he has written  several.) I recommend it as a primer for any seeker who is interested in  the Eastern philosophies; especially Hinduism, which is the original source  of Ram Dass' message, and specifically the Vedanta (the culmination of the  Hindu scriptures, the earliest forms of which date back perhaps 3,000  years.)<br /><br />Joseph Pierre,<br /> author of THE ROAD TO DAMASCUS: Our Journey  Through Eternity
B000000OSO|3.0|Overkill did me in.I liked &quot;Living On The Edge&quot; and &quot;Fever&quot;. But those ballads are more than annoying.I got nothing against Aerosmith doing what they are good at but ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.
0684847248|5.0|This a definitive book, and a classic of its kind.<br /><br />When The Road Less Traveled was first published, and Scott Peck was making endless personal  appearances--before the book was well known, I was  corresponding with him.  I was struck by his book, and was sure that it  would become a best-seller.<br /><br />This is a seminal work, of immense value,  written by a truly sensitive man who has the background, the education, the  experience and the insight into the human condition to do his subject  justice, and he certainly does that.<br /><br />He is well-respected by his  peers, as well, unlike many professionals who take up the pen rather than  practicing their craft. I knew a psychiatrist on the West Coast who worked  with him in Washington, D.C.  Walter (his first name) was impressed with  Scott long before he wrote of his experiences, and the conclusions he drew  from them.<br /><br />In our correspondence, I recognized a thread, and told  Scott that I thought he must be a mystic. He answered that he had studied  Zen, but that he was a 'Christian mystic.'<br /><br />I recommend this book, and  its author. You should read it.<br /><br />Joseph Pierre,<br /> author of THE ROAD  TO DAMASCUS: Our Journey Through Eternity
B0000028M7|5.0|I can honestly say that I believe &quot;Dirt&quot; is a masterpiece.Forget the grunge stereotype, this is a brutal beauty.My favorite tracks are &quot;Them Bones&quot; &quot;Rooster&quot; and &quot;Sickman&quot;.    Talk  about a wall of sound !
B0018BB20W|3.0|Has it really been forty eight years since I first listened to this amazing album in my friend Rich's basement, on his scratchy old tilt-down record player? Even on that crude device it was an amazing piece of music, but now that we've all gotten a bit older and acquired better stereos, it's even better. I'm glad that they remastered it, but why oh why did they add all this extra nonsense? The original LP was a set piece, in which each track followed the previous one according to a certain logic. The day began, moved into the mid day hours, and then finally night. This CD, though, is a mess, and those who buy it will end up wondering why the original was thought of as a masterpiece. Luckily I still have the original CD that's an exact match of what was on the LP.
B000003CMB|5.0|Deserves its reputation.Every note of every jam is essential.To this day I can only listen to this in its entirety. I must listen to every song in order it is ruined for me. When people bad mouth the seventies music I  point them in the direction of the ABB. A class act,this is their finest  hour (plus!).
B000002BQK|2.0|Seems like Mariah committed carer suicide with Butterfly. Honey is simply a song that she used to show her flesh than artistry and honestly, only My All makes the cut. Without the explosive lung power, she delivers the song  with the most emotions she ever did. And the song is beautiful! Other than  that, Mariah, afetr the divorce, was Mariah trying to be hip, which simply  didnt work!
B000003CMD|4.0|I know it is a great song but it is really over-played.That's not the fault of the ABB. I like &quot;Come And Go Blues&quot; and &quot;Jessica&quot; will always be a favorite.
B000001Y9I|5.0|If album (cd) sales were based solely on the quality of the music PURPENDICULAR would have sold ten million copies.  Unfortunately, that is obviously not the case, but PURPENDICULAR is a spectacular album all the  same.  Combining classic MACHINE HEAD or IN ROCK style Deep Purple with the  jazzy influences of new guitarist Steve Morse (ok, new to Deep Purple - the  guy has been doing fusion albums forever!), PURPENDICULAR shows a band  staying in touch with their roots, while growing musically at the same  time.  &quot;Vavoom: Ted The Mechanic,&quot; &quot;I'm Not Your  Lover,&quot; &quot;Somebody Stole My Guitar,&quot; and &quot;A Castle Full  Of Rascals&quot; all have the great Deep Purple Hard and Heavy sound, and  are given a little flash, courtesy of Morse.  &quot;Loosen My Strings&quot;  sounds like Purple meets Sting, &quot;The Aviator&quot; sounds like Purple  crossed with acoustic Led Zeppelin, and &quot;Rosa's Cantina&quot; sounds  like....well Purple meets ZZ Top with a 90's groove - very laid back and  funky, but fairly uptempo (a GREAT song).  &quot;Hey Cisco&quot; offers a  combination of Purple and a jazzier Van Halen, while &quot;The  Purpendicular Waltz&quot;  would fit, well... perfectly on PERFECT  STRANGERS.  PURPENDICULAR shows a more mature version of Deep Purple  willing to venture into new musical territory, while at the same time  keeping themselves firmly rooted in their past.  Strong performances from  all in the band, but particualrly from drummer Ian Paice, who hasn't played  this well since WHO DO WE THINK WE ARE!  A HUGE artistic success.  -(If you  like this one, I also HIGHLY recommend UFO's WALK ON WATER!)
B000001FSU|3.0|it's just that it was too much like ATL and not enough like ATL. I have not listened to it since I bought it.There's just nothing to bring you back to it.
0553275976|4.0|Somehow I'd missed reading Bonfire of the Vanities back when it came out. Now I see why it's considered a modern classic. Wolfe's characters are richly drawn composites of how I picture the ultra rich Wall Street  traders, contrasted with the whole other world of the South Bronx. Although  I've never been there or done that, I can relate to these characters and  the fascinating situation that unfolds when their world's collide. Sherman,  his wife and mistress, assistant D.A. Kramer and all the rest are so  consumed with lust for power and position that their fall from grace seems  appropriate; after all, what does really matter in life? The preoccupation  with wealth, status and the pretenses of success all come tumbling down. I  look forward now to reading more Tom Wolfe; I see what all the fuss is  about.
B000003CM9|5.0|The second album shows more southern style than the blistering debut.The acoustic textures of &quot;Revival&quot; and &quot;Midnight Rider&quot; prove the ABB had more than just technique and ability. Whether you pick  this up on its own or as part of the &quot;Beginnings&quot; package you  will not be disappointed. Except for the fact that this cd is skimpy  time-wise.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This cd is unlike any cd you will ever see, I haven't seen one that can quite keep up with the amount of great songs it has on it, all 11 songs on this cd just totally rock out. If your like me, you'll be dumb enough to  buy this cd for twice the asked price just because ya love the band so  much.
B00000272N|5.0|I always thought AIC was the most song-oriented of the Seattle bands.&quot;Man In The Box&quot; is the obvious hit here but all the songs are heavy and explode from your speakers.Jerry Cantrell is one of the best  new guitarists out there.These songs will floor you.
B000002BPS|5.0|Ok. to the point, Offspring's cd Ixnay on the Hombre= Totally the best offspring cd ever. they have the great songs: All I want, Amazed, Change the world, I choose, Leave it behind, The meaning of life and way down the  line. I just can't describe how much I love this cd, I haven't stopped  listening to it since 1997.
B000001FFR|5.0|Whenever I am on the highways for long periods of time,I make sure I have this with me.My favorite tracks are &quot;Armed and Dangerous&quot; and &quot;Lone Justice&quot; and &quot;The Enemy&quot;.I absolutely must  recommend this to anyone who doesn't already have it.
0060930187|4.0|This novel of about 200 pages consists of two quite different halves. Esther Greenwood, a brilliant college girl in the early 5Os, spends a month in New York as guest editor with a women's magazine. The first half of the  novel is about her adventures with the other college girl guest editors in  New York. These are extremely funny. The mood, however, is darkening  constantly, so that on should not be too surprised that Esther collapses  completely after the expected admittance to a writing course does not come  through. The second half of the novel is about depression, suicide and  psychiatric wards. <br />  The book is fascinating (although I was a bit  surprised to see some reviewers rate it among the greatest novels of the  century), but the narrator is not always reliable - after all, she feels  she experiences life through a bell jar, cut off from the rest of the  world.    The book does not really help the reader understand depression  the way &quot;I never promised you a rose garden&quot; by Hannah Green did  for schizophrenia. We only get a very hazy notion of the nature of the  therapy, for example.<br />   Maybe it is because the novel is strongly  autobiographical, but the narrator always keeps a certain distance to  herself. There are lots of things she would never tell. There is hardly  anything she would not joke about. After all, that is what many reviewers  forget to mention: &quot;The Bell Jar&quot; is a very funny book with some  billiant satire on 50s America - not just in the first half!
B000003CM8|5.0|So will all the boys on the debut of the ABB.Another strong candidate for best album of the 60s/70s. All the songs are incredible.BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!
B0000026UL|5.0|Brilliant. But Dylan's voice does sound like a Tina Turner 45 played at 33. (Does anyone still understand this in the age of CDs? It means something like &quot;in slow motion&quot;.)
B000002B2X|4.0|AIC prove here that they are capable of making music that you wouldn't expect from them after hearing the debut.The mood is rather ominous,they sound like they just got back from the apocalypse and wanna tell you about  it.They show off their acoustic side,and in &quot;Got Me Wrong&quot; they  set a pattern for themselves, blending the acoustic and heavy dynamics.Play  this at night for the full effect.
B0000025VU|5.0|People who heard somebody else praise Dylan's latest, &quot;Time Out Of Mind&quot;, should give this one a try first. Of course you'll notice that it sounds a bit like the late &quot;Dire Straits&quot; (Mark Knopfler  produced this one), but what's wrong with that? Clear and transparent rock  music. To me it is the last Dylan record on which he sounds as if he's  still alive. And the penultimate one on which the lyrics are fairly  respectable (apart from when he ventures into politics - &quot;Neighborhood  Bully&quot; is very memorable, though).
B000003CMC|4.0|&quot;Melissa&quot; and &quot;Blue Sky&quot;.Two masterpieces right there. &quot;Mountain Jam&quot; will NOT make you think of the Grateful Dead.Plus other live cuts from the Fillmore shows.Eat A Peach is the apex of Southern  Rock in 72.
6304057709|5.0|This film gives you everything you want from a movie: romance, fun, costume, suspense...    This witty adaption of Jane Austen's novel is aesthetically pleasing as well. One of the few instances really in which  your heart and your head will agree.
0792844882|5.0|The fact that this movie won so many Razzies when it was released, as well as recognition for being the &quot;Worst Film of the Decade&quot;, is reason enough for anyone to add it to their collection.  This film, with  its banal dialogue and acting (although Gina Gershon steals this movie), is  absolutely destined to become a camp classic.  The rape scene near the end  of the film is gritty, violent, and gratuitous, and is the only part of the  film I could really do without.  Otherwise I look forward to 2010 or 2020  when this film gets the kind of recognition that 'Valley of the Dolls' has  achieved.  I'm so psyched it has been deemed worthy of being released on  DVD!
6305750750|5.0|This collection rocks, if you like Star Wars this is what you should get. Not to mention all the stuff it comes with like the video strip and the booklet. The movie is great to except for Jar Jar. He may be funny at first  but then he starts to get a little annoying.
630575067X|3.0|Well I'm no great fan of sci-fi but there is a magic about Star Wars I don't doubt so curiosity and childhood memories dragged me to the cinema to check out the new face of Star Wars.<br />The beauty of the original Star Wars  films was their ability to make the glittering effects a part of the story,  not just a distraction. In a time now of special effects but stale films it  is near impossible to make a Star Wars film to live up to the expectations  of the fans. Given what they were up against I think the makers of The  Phantom Menace were on the right lines. Dodgy characters and tacky acting  aside it has that Star Wars touch to it.<br />So what was wrong with the  acting? Liam Neeson does a fantastic job with Obi-Wan, his character almost  single-handedly holding the atmosphere together. Ewan McGregor is a bit  more stale but the rest of the cast pretty much stink. It wasn't till R2D2  popped up and started warbling that a smile returned to my face and I  remembered I was still watching Star Wars.<br />Unfortunately the problem with  Star Wars is that it is such a commercial prospect for toy companies and  suchlike that we inevitably get the `kiddy' aspect which comes in the form  the Jar Jar character. I wanted to cry with embaressment.<br />What this  lacked was the mystery and the suspense that existed in The Empire Strikes  Back, instead the makers have gone for the more commercial childs version  that was Return of the Jedi. Its all a matter of what audience to please  and all the Star Wars films have the same atmosphere but approached at  different angles. We'll probably find the next one is a lot darker as we  are led up to the Star Wars so many know and love.<br />Theres plenty of  moments in here that shine but its a case of glueing them all together. The  moments which oozed Star Wars magic for me were the fantastic fight  sequence with Darth Maul towards the end, the enemy soldier robot things  and the general atmosphere of the Emperor himself. Moreof this and less of  the Jar-Jar guy please, lets have a Star Wars film more for the adults than  for the kids next time so we all get a taste of the pie.<br />ps : wanted to  give it 3 and a half stars.
B00000IPAX|1.0|This music is so un-original, they use the same tone vocally, and musically, a real bubblegum pop, for teenagers who like no to challanging music.  <br />Green Day and Bloodhound Gang, always progress a step further  with each song, being inventive with music, as well as lyrics.<br />Blink 182  is the same from track one to whenever the album finished, that's how bland  it is, i had to exchange this cd for something else at the shops, it's that  bad.    A message to 182.  Leave it to Green Day and Bloodhound Gang. And  wait till your balls have dropped, and become lyrically and musically  tallented, before you start on another album.
0375701427|3.0|Swede Levov is the depiction of America at it's finest.  Good looking, athletic, earnest, and sincere, he marries Miss New Jersey of 1949 and settles in the country.  The couple has a daughter and all is well or at  least bearable, until his daughter becomes a radical bomber, a la The  Weathermen.  What ensues is the destruction of the American Dream, the  disintegration of what was gained through the hard working generation that  brought the US through WWII, encapsulated in the tale of how the great  'Swede' was leveled by a bomb set off by his daughter.  <br />Given that it  won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction in 1997, I feel almost guilty giving  this book three stars. However, I don't feel it was an exceptional novel,  but a good book that I would recommend reading.  It has some wonderfully  written narratives and Roth plays to his strong suit, describing the psyche  of the story's protagonist.  <br />The biggest weaknesses of the book are the  multitude of digressions about the glove industry and the plight of his  beloved Newark.  I felt as though he was repeating himself on these  subjects throughout the novel.  Roth's 'Swede' is a modern day Job, and the  story serves as an allegory for post-WWII America.  It is depressing as  hell and I could not help but feel sorry for 'the Swede'.  In the end, the  final shreds of Swede's American Dream are cast away by those he loves most  in what turns out to be a memorable description of the day where his worst  fears are realized.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a great book about a twelve-year-old boy named Jonas.  In Jonas's community receiving the assignment of The Receiver honored him.  In this society there is no pain, color, not even real feelings.  These people in Jonas's community in a sense were brainwashed.  From the beginning of  their lives they were trained to speak common phases such as \\"I apologize  for my inconvenience,\\" and \\"I accept your apology.\\"  In the community, it  is common practice to share each other's feelings of the day at dinner with  family units.  However, these people can not explain their feelings  properly.  Once, during dinner Lilly, Jonas's sister, told how she met with  kids from neighboring community and became angry at how they broke the  rules.  However, she did not realize that they didn't know or didn't have  the same rules.  I believe the book is mainly about humanity.  I find it  very hard that a utopian society could ever exist.  I believe that human  beings need emotions such as fear, danger, love, and even hate.  Without  these emotions people would never be human; they would simply be mindless  robots willing to obey.  In reading this book I have learned that having  imperfections is only part of being a human being.
B00000612P|5.0|Rod Stewart was #1 with \\"D'ya Think I'm Sexy?\\" about the time Orson Welles assured us Paul Masson would \\"sell no wine before its time.\\" It was hard comparing them until you realize the artistic peaks, achieved young, from which both had fallen. For Welles it was \\"Citizen Kane,\\" and for Stewart this album, which to now overshadows over every note he's recorded since.<br /><br />Few rock albums are as cohesive in music and message. Folk guitars and violins inch up to slapping drums and spare, pinpoint electric solos. Stewart's folksy, soulful vocals paint a a story of a young man's first life experiences. He loves the wrong woman (\\"Maggie May,\\" which refreshes itself among the other songs), then the right one (the title cut). He's impatient with adversity (\\"Seems Like A Long Time,\\" the splendid \\"Mandolin Wind\\") but learns persistence from his experience (Tim Hardin's \\"Reason To Believe\\").<br /><br />The one break from the album flow is welcome; one of Stewart's finest moments. He has covered Motown well (\\"This Old Heart of Mine\\") and callously (\\"Standin' In The Shadows of Love,\\" and \\"You Keep Me Hangin' On\\"). But his rendition with Faces of \\"(I Know) I'm Losing You\\" intensifies the original's paranoia and sorrow. It recalls the soul heroes (Cooke, Redding, Ruffin) Stewart admired when he was the new boy, while drummer Kenny Jones delivers a charging, tumbling drum solo that's one of his finest on disc.<br /><br />\\"Losing You\\" showed the hard-rock/folk/soul blueprint Stewart would use to construct his albums since this 1971 release, with intermittent success and at times howling failure. No matter; like Welles' masterpiece, Rod Stewart's \\"Every Picture Tells A Story\\" is one of rock's most influential, essential works.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Before i tell you why I love this movie, let me tell you who won't.  Those who love linear, mindless and stupid movies, like &quot;Die hard&quot;, will hate this film.  This is a film.  This film takes you on a mans  journey into himself.  This is a story of self-realization and what lengths  todays society makes us go through to strip away prescribed modes of  behaviour.  All I ask is to listen to the the statement that this film is  making and not to expect a &quot;Bloodsport&quot; type movie.  Enjoy!
6304539282|5.0|i think star wars movies are the best movies i have ever see in my life.i'm geting tired of renting it. i think he shood be able to by the movie we love
1570423970|5.0|After reading this book, I have a whole new perspective on the meaning of Life.  It is one of my favorite books of all time.  Dr. Weiss writes with such grace and inspriration; I read the book all the way through without  ever putting it down!
0783230893|5.0|I love movies with a historical theme and this movie shows life in the early years of the 1900's and through the depression era.<br />The two main characters - Ruth and Idgy (sp?)are very strong women who have hard lives  but continue to rise above their challenges and not lose their humanity and  compassion. These woman are interesting because they show their willingness  and ability to take a strong moral stand and not back down - even when  their very lives are threatened.<br />And the characters are all so  interesting and believable. It is quite an intense little movie.<br />Leaves  you thinking about the characters, long after the movie has ended.
0380973464|5.0|I would have to describe Cryptonomicon as among the greatest books I have ever read (over three decades of reading...).  There is well-written plot within plot within plot, realistic high tech, and an intriguing perspective on history and human nature.  I would be hard-pressed to find another to  compare it to.  If you are looking for well written, hard science, science  fiction, that just happens to have literary appeal, this is the book to  buy.
6303402348|5.0|Hubby and I went to the theater to see Forest Gump when it first came out in 1994. Towards the end of the movie, I heard a little sniffling noise and glanced over to see that hubby had tears in his eyes. I'd never seen him so  deeply moved by a movie. Ever.<br />Of course, I was a wreck. I had to change  my shirt when I got home because the neck was wet from my tears! But I  loved every moment of this movie.<br />The message I got from &quot;Forest  Gump&quot; was that we are all important in this world. We all have a place  and we all have importance and value. Forest was a simple minded fellow,  but he also was focused, persistent, humble and he cared deeply about those  he loved.<br />Those are the qualities that made him successful and enabled  him to accomplish all manner of good things. Intellect ain't got one  stinkin' thing to do with it.  :-)<br />I loved this movie.
B000002OMN|1.0|Wow!   How can you people who gave this album 5 stars live with yourselves?  Fans of good music beware!  Here's a good analogy for you, Meat Loaf is to good music, as cigarettes are to good health.  Horrendous  lyrics and detestable music abound in this travesty of an album.  There may  just be hope for you Meat Loaf lovers yet, but you must hurry!   Rush down  to your local music store and purchase a copy of Pink Floyd's The Piper at  the Gates of Dawn!   It's your only hope!   Quickly, while there's still  time!
B00003CXDU|5.0|My brother dragged me into the theatre to see this movie and I agreed to this only after much resistance. Looked like a bad Mel Brooks film, or so I thought.<br />I could not have been more wrong.<br />As a life-long Star Trek  fan, I loved every minute of this movie. After viewing this movie, I went  home, gathered up the hubby and kids, in-laws, relatives of all kinds and  dragged *them* to see the movie.<br />I suspect this may be one of the  funniest movies I've ever seen.<br />For the next two weeks, all of our family  members walked around, clapping in that most unusual way and quoting the  characters over and over again...<br />And beyond humor, this movie had a  great plot. It was a spoof of star trek, but it was also star trek at it's  best. The characters all looked like they were having fun and the plot was  quite believable and intriguing.<br />And among our large family gathering, I  noticed that everyone loved the movie - the trekkies and the non-trekkies.  The young people (ages 12+) and the older folks. (like me!)<br />This was  probably one of my top five favorite movies of all time. A real treasure.
6300184064|4.0|Ofcourse Terry Gilliam is a self-indulgent director, thats what makes him unique, thats what makes his fans love him. If an undiscovered Gilliam film were to be unearthed 20 years from now anybody would able to vouch for its  authenticity by watching 10 seconds of screen time. His style is that  distinctive.<br />   However that same self-indulgence makes the second half  of Brazil almost completely redundant. As Leonard Maltin correctly points  out above &quot;a relentless film that doesn't know when to quit.&quot; By  the time the audience gets to the dream sequence where Sam Lowry is  fighting a huge-goblin like creature they will be in an absolute refractory  period, in need of a break. There is simply too much footage here to gel  togather to make a whole with something resembling a story arc.<br />  Yet I  still consider Brazil to be a masterpiece. From that tracking shot that  pulls you through an office where overworked government employees pretend  to labour on computers with transparent monitors to the grotesque beauty   of Sam Lowry's mother, this is as pure an artistic vision as you're even  going to get. <br />  So many people keep refering to Brazil as futuristic,  perhaps this is because of the abundance of gadgets and technology in the  film, but the opening credits clearly state &quot;Somewhere in the  Twentieth Cnetury&quot;. I think that Gilliam overstates the presence of  the machines inorder to highlight their uselessness. The catalyst for the  story is a mechanical error caused by a bug(the creepy crawly variety) that  causes hooded agents of the Information Ministry to apprehend a Mr.Buttle  instead of a Mr.Tuttle. A lot of the humour is derived from the fact that  everything needs a hundred &quot;forms&quot; to get done. <br />   You may  want to watch stretches of the film at a time so you could enjoy (and  comprehend) whats going on . And despite any quams I may have with this  film, I still think it is an essential item on the shelf of anymovie buff.  To me 12 Monkeys is Terry Gilliam's finest film, he managed to get the  balance between his unique vision and the story just right there, but that  film was written by someone else. Perhaps we could call Brazil : GILLIAM  RAW. It has all the frustration and the uncensored splendor of what that  title suggests.
6304078102|5.0|This is a great flick. After seeing the movie in the theatre, we later rented the video. After viewing the video, we bought our own copy!<br />I suppose part of the movie is patterned after &quot;It's a wonderful  Life&quot; but that was a good movie, too.<br />All the characters in this  movie have great depth and are multi-faceted. And it's a movie that  reminded me of how much we ask of our educators and teachers.<br />And I  think most folks can identify with the lead character. Who really feels  100% certain that they are living thir life to its fullest potential? Mr.  Holland is plagued with doubts that he has wasted his life, but when he  takes a few steps backwards and looks over the landscape of his life, he  sees his life was immeasurably successful.<br />I loved it. I loved every  moment of it. It's a spiritual movie with a deep and profound message that  as long as we are &quot;every day, in every way getting better and  better&quot; we are on the right path.
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena's album, Book of Secrets, is a wonder. A sensual journey of musical magic awaits the listener who allows herself to relax into the celtic rhythms. Loreena's voice glides across the senses like fine silk  over the skin. The beauty of the music is soothing and subtly haunting  invoking a sense of the mystical.  I am enraptured with this album which  has earned a place of honor in my heart for its soothing and healing  spirit.
6304145438|5.0|I'm a real movie buff and I own many VHS movies but this one &quot;It's a Wonderful Life&quot; is my number one favorite. Every Christmas the fam gathers 'round the TV and we watch this flick. In fact, I usually watch it  two or three times during the year. I have yet to watch this movie without  weeping tears of joy. It touches me deeply because the message is so very  powerful and the movie is so well done.<br />We all *yearn* to think the  world - even our little corner of it - would be the poorer had we not been  born. But this movie paints a dramatic picture of the power of one life to  do good and lift up others and the power of others to lift up one soul  who's lost his way.<br />The history in this movie is also good. It shows  life in the first 40 years of this century in a very accurate way.<br />And  in the rush on the bank, George Bailey gives the best definition of a  mortgage I've ever read or heard in any medium.<br />Interestingly, Hollywood  censors had several concerns with the movie - the villan - Mr. Potter got  away with theft with no serious consequences and when George said  &quot;nuts to you&quot; that was considered an unnecessary ugliness.<br />I  could write on and on about this movie. Like a beautiful gem, it has many  facets and the more you watch this flick, the more you see all it's  beautiful sides.<br />I suppose the most important message I got out of the  movie is that no circumstance - no matter how dark it may appear - is ever  hopeless.<br />I loved it.
0783242808|5.0|This film is one of the best yet. I vote it so far to be the best film released this year. It was funny and its humour can be apreciated by all. It is one to watch.
6305627347|1.0|South Park cartoons have many creative and yes, funny ideas and biting satires and revealing insights. But why must these cartoons be couched in such locker room humor and vile language?<br />The movie was more of the same.  I watched the first 45 minutes and was just plain grossed out. If the *f*  word were removed from this movie, it'd cut out half the dialogue.<br />Yes -  there are funny parts here and there - but the snatches of humor are lost  amidst the degradation of everything good and decent.<br />It's like wading  through vast piles of sewage and trash to find a small perishable treasure.  The enjoyment of the occasional joke is lost amidst the stench of the  profanity and revilement.<br />In 1946, censors derided &quot;It's a  Wonderful Life&quot; because Jimmy Stewart said &quot;nuts to you&quot; in  one scene.<br />This movie should have an X-rating. How it came through with  the milder rating, I'll never understand.<br />And to throw the protective  cloak of the first amendment over this flick (as a prior reviewer did) is  an afront to Elijah Lovejoy, the first martyr of the free press who laid  down his life for the first amendment. Old Elijah would be spinning in his  grave to think he died so that profane cartoons (Such as South Park) could  flourish.
B00000099Y|5.0|i would have to consider myself very bias when it comes to TooL.  these people are absolutely amazing and this album is by far the greatest album ive ever owned so far in my lifetime.  TooL has progressed with each album  and it keeps getting better.  Listening to this album is a great ride.   Every song creates and mutates and then crashes like an ocean.  If these  artists ever stop making music before they leave, music will become a bit  more dull artform in my opinion and music is where my heart is and has been  for many years. Always will be. Mainstream music is already infected with  of of the worst diseases as it is.  anyhow, TooL is not for everyone, but i  think they very easily could be for a true lover of music.  give em a  chance sometimes when you got spare time and your mind is hungry for  something new, interesting and perhaps even enjoyable if you let it.   thanks for the tiiiiiime.  peace to all
B00000K2SC|3.0|It's an interesting flick with a thoughtful premise - artificial intelligence gone wild and the physicality of real life is not at all what it appears to be.<br />It is a movie that makes you think and I did enjoy much  of it.<br />However, perhaps I didn't get the deeper message of &quot;The  Matrix.&quot;<br />Haven't we all had that feeling that life is more of a  mental experience than a physical one? That physical life is downright  puzzling at times? What proof do we have of our own existence, outside of  our five senses? If this movie is the medium that gets everyone to thinking  these deep thoughts, then I suppose it's a good thing.<br />Einstein said  many years ago &quot;To those of us who are committed physicists, the past,  present and future (ie: mortal limitations?) are only illusion, however  persistent.&quot;<br />And one of those good old philosophers (maybe Kant?)  said, in substance, &quot;if I fall asleep and dream that I'm warming  myself in front of a fire, the whole experience seems to be completely  real. How am I to know what is real and what is the dream?&quot; (my  paraphrase)<br />Perhaps this movie is simply the vehicle that gets the young  folks asking the deep questions the philosophers have pondered for  centuries.<br />I found this movie kind of so-so, myself. A strong 3, but not  much more. Fisburne's acting was exemplary, but he's one of my faves,  anyway.<br />The violence and graphic depictions (such as the de-bugging)  pretty well grossed me out.
0553208845|5.0|I don't think I read the novel in this translation, but am sure that does not matter overly. Hesse does write quite excellently, I am sure, but the impression left to me from this book, which I read in one morning in the  summer, have sunk deeper than the words.<br />In some ways, it is similar to  Voltaire's Candide, another story of truth being sought by a youth. The  great difference is in the nature of the quest - whereas Candide is a  simple child of the world, forced to mature through the cynical experiences  of life, Siddhartha embraces suffering and learning in an active and  uncynical attempt to find wisdom. His greatest discovery is that you cannot  just &quot;find&quot; it.<br />This is a novel that can serve as a metaphor  for all and everything. As a novel it is simple and beautiful; as a  metaphor, it is important, as important as any other that exist in religion  or spiritualism. Hesse writes openly and without prejudice - Hindus have no  quarrel with Buddhists here. Here is a quick dose of fresh thought for  anyone with a bit of time. I notice the trend of &quot;little books of  wisdom&quot; is starting to wane...thank goodness - reach for something  more substantial, right here.
0385486804|5.0|When faced with the opportunity to be sprung from prison and escape the death penalty, Socrates told Crito that the really important thing was not to live, but to live well.<br />As citizens of a wealthy and prosperous  nation, most of us have the luxury of free time and can ponder Socrates'  essential question:  &quot;What is a life well lived?&quot;  Many of us try  to apply that question to the way we raise our children, to the books we  choose to read, to how we choose our friends, and to how we recreate.<br />Jon  Krakauer tells the story in Into the Wild of Chris McCandless, an Emory  University graduate, who decided to explore Socrates' question by eschewing  all the material luxuries of his life and experience life at its rawest.  <br />I found this story to be the quintessential American story.  Chris  McCandless wants to be free.  He wants to be pure.  He wants to live life  over the edge.  And he does.  He travels, first in a car he abandons and  then by foot and water over large expanses of the USA, making friends who  deeply love him, who can't forget him, who are deeply affected by him,  until he decides to live in the wilds of Alaska.<br />It's in Alaska that the  stakes of Chris's life become mortal and the story becomes tragic.   Suddenly each choice Chris makes, whether dietary, navigational, or  philosophical has consequences that are enlarged by the conditions he lives  in.  As readers, we begin to see a magnification of our own lives, how our  deeds determine us, just as Chris McCandless's determine him and his  fate.<br />Krakauer's research is comprehensive.  The story is compelling.   Krakauer's inclusion of his own experience as a young man in Alaska deftly  parallels McCandless's and helps deepen and reinforce the idea that having  the freedom to pursue one's dreams to their ultimate can be exhilirating,  painful, and dangerous.<br />I consider Krakauer one of our country's very  finest writers and recommend this book very highly as a first-rate  narrative and a probing philosophical exploration written in lucid, taut,  accessible prose.
B00000J7JO|4.0|It's inevitable, but still a shame that Scartissue got so much airtime - I instantly liked it when I first saw it on MTV, but could see its doom then and there, and now, ironically, it's just so much filler on a pretty strong  album. There's a couple of other soft songs which I enjoy listening to much  more, such as Californication (though the song has almost as much comic as  musical value, as Kiedis struggles to find rhymes for  &quot;-ation&quot;!).<br />I love the rock bits, especially the opening, which  is really powerful and ominous...but also opens the bits where the album  lets itself down - such strength has to be maintained, and with such weak  rap bits as what follows in Around the World, sections do become quite  tedious. Then again, there's plenty of good material here, and you can  pretty much listen to the whole album and properly enjoy yourself. Not in  the same league as BloodSugarSexMagik, though.
B00004STPT|5.0|Once again, Zimmer delivers another breathtaking score that is pure joy to my ears.  From the powerful battle music that unleashes the thrill of combat to the calmer and ethereal ethnic tracks, this score  delivers.<br />Zimmer captures the epic feel of ancient Rome while maintaining  his trademark style of composing exciting action cues.  <br />What really  turned me on this CD is Zimmer's co-composer, Lisa Gerrard.  Her vocals are  incredible(some might say it is simillar to the vocals used in James  Horner's Titanic).  Gerrard's composition and performance are superior in  my opeinion achieving a more ethnic and athmospheric effect.  She has a lot  of talent and this is a great high profile score to further showcase her  work (coincidentally scoring another Russel Crowe movie). <br />A must for any  Hans Zimmer fan.
B000002LGA|5.0|Quickly, why it's a great album - the story, while not quite unified, is pretty cohesive in its condemnation of...well, a lot of American life. So not all of what he writes is relevant in 2000 - you can still feel for a  1989 man, and the music more than makes up for any lyrical problems. And  don't misunderstand me - where Reed succeeds and others fail is that in  trying to convey meaning, he not only manages to do so, but manages in a  stylish and pleasing way. And the great guitars and/or restrained melodies  work as either very good platforms for the lyrics, or shine on their  own.<br />The annoying thing which lets this album down (4.5 stars, really)  takes me all the way back to the days of Andy Warhol, and the Velvet  Underground &amp; Nico - Reed has an interesting voice that works well with  his music...in moderation. Over the past few listenings, I have found it  harder and harder to enjoy every song to its finish, because I just want  someone to take everything an octave higher and just, well, SING it. Reed's  talent for songwriting is undeniable, and here he succeeds in demonstrating  that 14 times over, making a great album that just needed some substantial  singer harmonising or soloing to complete it. Art Garfunkel, are you busy?
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead.<br />Popmusic and introspective lyrix  swirl in-and-out of the pool of sweat that is the suburban/middleclass/blood  of the working man's dead...<br />The Bends is a depressing view of our modern existence.   Definitely worth a 4.5 star rating, not the best from this band, but damn  close...
B00003CXAR|5.0|'Jaws' is a landmark, and very important piece of movie history.  Spielberg put his magic, along with a strong cast (including Scheider, Shaw and Dreyfuss), and a script which was original at its time (ok, since we've had the sequels, Lake Placid and  numerous other 'when animals attack' type movies) to make a film which  everybody in the World has at least heard of, and which had incredible  success at the box office.<br />The script by Peter Benchley, was actually  loosely based upon a series of shark attacks which rocked a east coast  American beach in the early 1900's (Yes, history has left enough crumbs to  assume that the 'rogue' shark theory is not only possible, but very  probable). Benchley, wrote about the Great White shark, and there is good  reason why they choose this type of shark. The Great White is the most  impressive living creature in the planet today; it is the true master of  its domain, a perfect killing machine.<br />The music by John Williams really  adds to the tension, and delivers maximum suspense. The shark does look a  little dated when compared to 1999's 'Deep Blue Sea' (a fun film), but this  has a lot more to offer. It's a pity Spielberg didn't do to 'Jaws' what  Lucas did to 'Star Wars', using the kind of effects used in 'Deep Blue  Sea'.<br />This film is in my all time top ten, and always will be. It still  has me checking the water before I swim in the sea.
0783113943|5.0|ANGELINA JOLIE'S PERFORMANCE IS SUPERB ! HER BEST PERFORMANCE EVER !  THIS MOVIE SHOWS THAT THE WORLD OF MODELS IS NOT ALL BEAUTIFUL &amp; CUT ; IT CAN BE A KILLER ! IT IS A GOOD WARNING FOR ALL THESE TEANAGERS WHOM ARE  DREAMING OF BECOMING A TOP MODEL ! A MUST SEE
1558908358|4.0|Toy Story, A Bugs Life, Antz, Starship Troopers, Small Soldiers etc... they owe it all to this movie for taking the first step. The art of CG animation began with Tron. (well, more or less anyway...) While it's still  somewhat pleasing to the eye even today, I feel a little sorry for anyone  who is seeing it now for the first time, instead of in 1982, when it was  quite literally mindblowing. The fact that I was a 13 yr old hardcore  videogame addict at the time enhanced my viewing pleasure, of course.  Still, this movie does have a beautiful visual style that has never once  been duplicated.     Here's a bit of Tron trivia: it was originally planned  to be a regular hand-drawn animated feature.    Shame on Disney for chincing  out on the DVD frills.     (Note: This review was written two years before the release of the 20th anniversary edition DVD, which is bursting at the seams with great features.)
B00000J7J4|4.0|This CD as a whole was not exactly what I had expected after the smashing success of Smooth.  I had hoped to hear more songs on this CD similar to its first release.  I was mistaken in that it has a variety of styles and  sounds represented on this CD, making it a great CD to own.
B000002J1U|4.0|Well, what can I say? It's a winner - there are several instant classics (Immigrant Song, Gallow's Pole, Celebration Day etc), there is possibly the greatest blues monster they ever committed to record (Since I've been  loving you), and the music is inspired and fabulous throughout, but I can't  shake the feeling that there is something missing, and I can't put my  finger on it... Maybe it's the fact that the first LZ albums I bought were  Led Zep IV and Physical Graffiti (which remains my personal favourite), and  that led to unreasonably high expectations. Don't be put off by the fact  that &quot;it's not as good as .....(fill the blank)&quot; - it's still a  great album. Not the best, but worthy nonetheless.
6301796535|5.0|This movie may be practically the same plot that is seen in most love stories, but it has a certain charisma about it that makes it the epitome of all romantic comedies.  The ending is what every girl dreams of finding.   Julia Roberts and Richard Gere give a stellar performance in this movie  which makes it on of my absolute favorites and the movie that all other  romance movies are patterned after.
1573225517|3.0|I bought this book with the expectation it would be as funny as the two Bridget Jones book. It is not. It was fun reading the various top five lists that the characters came up with for almost every situation. However  the abortion of the girlfriend was a turnoff. I sold my book to the used  book store for credit rather than reccomending it to anyone.
B000007MVX|4.0|Following upon the success of Thick As A Brick, and to the absolute dismay of critics of the day, Tull repeated the &quot;trick&quot; of creating a seamless album in the style of a classical oratorio.  While the critics  were aghast, the album must not have been too far off the mark -- it sold  well enough to finally displace Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon from the  #1 spot in the album charts.<br />While the advisability of creating an album  so similar in structure to Thick As A Brick the following year must be  questioned, there can be no doubt that this dark and brooding effort is a  masterwork containing music significantly more complex than that found in  the earlier work.  There are some serious problems in the connection of a  number of the separate elements -- Passion Play's seams show much more than  Thick As A Brick's -- so much so, in fact, that one is at times left  wishing that they'd simply finished the separate elements as individual  songs.  It certainly would have given less fodder to the critics of the  day.<br />This album is most definitely not Mom's Good Time Rock and Roll.   The subject matter consists of a fanciful walk through the afterlife --  replete with a vist to Hell.  It opens with the then cliche effect of a  beating heart -- a not-so-inside joke on Pink Floyd -- which in this  instance is stopping rather than starting, opening the album with death of  the protagonist. <br />The music itself is rich and extremely polished, the  rhythms and melodies are dance-like in the classical sense (somewhat  unusual for Tull), in fact Tull would not match these production values for  another four years, until &quot;Songs From The Wood.&quot;  While some of  the more inventive pieces are found in the first half of the album, this  album diverges from its predecessor in that the second half (the visit to  Hell -- Overseer Overture and The Foot of our Stairs) contains the more  compelling music.  The powerful and heavily syncopated ending, highlighted  by Martin Barre's strident guitar riffs and Mr. Anderson's sumptuous vocal,  is probably the most well-known element of the album.  <br />Ian Anderson's  vocals on this album are perhaps the finest he's ever recorded, rich and  with a truly remarkable range.  For those of you familiar only with  Aqualung or the later, post-illness albums, Ian Anderson's vocals here will  be a revelation.<br />There is, of course, the issue of the middle break:   &quot;The Story of the Hare Who Lost His Spectacles&quot;.  I have had the  chance to discuss this odd little piece with a number of Tull fans, some of  whom think of it positively, comparing it to Prokofiev's &quot;Peter and  the Wolf.&quot; Others look on it more in terms of an inebriated take on  &quot;You Know My Name (Look up the Number)&quot;.  I'm going with those  who think that the band pounded down a few extra pints that night.<br />The  Double CD &quot;Nightcap&quot; contains early-version recordings (recorded  in Paris while the band was in tax exile from England), essentially demos  and rehearsals, of music which would eventually, after serious reworking,  form the central structure of &quot;A Passion Play.&quot;  These Paris  recordings, the &quot;Chateau D'isaster&quot; tapes, are fascinating in  that they show very clearly that &quot;A Passion Play&quot; began life as a  more farcical and lighter work than the very dark and brooding final  release.  Especially noteworthy is the hilarious &quot;Look At All The  Animals&quot; (which would have, IMHO, been a nice substitute to the  &quot;The Hare...&quot;).<br />This is an essential work for true Tull fans --  Ian Anderson's stunning vocals alone commend the album to true fans.   Perhaps it is not as seamless in structure as Thick As A Brick, nor with  music as easily accessible as that earlier album.  However, the music here  is significantly more complex and interesting than anything the band had  created up to this time.
6304698798|5.0|I've always loved this film, but I hadn't seen it for a long time.  I recalled the action, the interesting use of music, and the acting performances by Eastwood and Wallach.  Seeing it again, and on DVD, showed  me that this is an excellent film, not just a spaghetti western.  The part  I find fascinating is how very bad the character played by Van Cleef truly  is!  I didn't recall the scenes where he slapped around a woman,  tortured  the rat Tucco, nor did I remember him shooting the old man near the  beginning! Van Cleef is one BAD dude!  This film has excellent  cinematography and the story moves you through an exciting Civil War  battle.  You get all the action here, but you also get a film very  artistically put together.  Wallach really plays a great rat, and Eastwood  is Eastwood... he may not say much, but his actions do tell quite a story!   The dvd has some scenes cut out of the original screen version.  The sound  quality of the DVD is not great, that is my only complaint.  I find the  film better than I remember!  The final showdown is a classic sequence!
B000002C1X|5.0|To me &quot;The Wall&quot; is the second best album of all time (with Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness ahead by a tiny bit.) The isn't really just an album, it's one large song, you can't listen to this to this  album without listening to the whole album! It's that great! When I first  got this album, I knew of Pink Floyd but wasn't really a big fan of them,  my sister had Pink Floyd's &quot;Relics&quot; and I thought that it was  pretty good, and so I bought this album. I started listening to it and I  couldn't stop listening, like how you can't put down a book. On the first  day I got it I listened to this album three times in a row! I've listened  to it at least one time through every day since then, it's that great! The  lyrics are some of the best I've ever heard, the music go on in the  background is wonderful! I'm not a huge fan of guitar solos (although  occasionally I can enjoy them) but all the solos in this album really speak  to you and actually improve the song. If you don't have this album, I  advise you to go out and buy it today, you really won't regreat it!
0767819594|2.0|This movie is modernized, teenage-ized, Americanized version of the great movie, &quot;Dangerous Liaison&quot;, only with lesser actors and actresses. It was funny that Phillippe sometimes immitates Malchovich's  speaking. Overall, the quality of  this movie really can't match that of  Dangerous Liaison. For the people who haven't seen DL, this movie could be  still enjoyable (thus 2 stars). For the people who already watched DL, save  your money.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well, first off, I'd like to say that I think that most of these songs sound better with the orchestra added to it. But, in some of the songs the orchestra can sound a little anoying, but still this is a great try for Metallica. Some people are wondering why Metallica did this, and here's the  answer: so they can remain popular. Let's face it, if Metallica only  released a bunch of albums and then tour, most likely they will fade away  from the music industry. So, they need to do extra things and that's what  they did here. It's a great try and it's quite enjoyable! But, there are  some songs that are not on this album that would sound great with the  orchestra, like: &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;The Unforgiven  II&quot;! <br />I'd like to say, first-off, that all these songs are great in  their original releases and I'm just comparing these songs with the  original and with the orchestra-added version. &quot;The Ecstacy of  Gold&quot; sounds way better with the orchesra in it, in blends in greatly!  &quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot; is another song that sounds better with  the orchestra. &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; sounds okay with the  orchestra, but the original version is better. &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot;  is a song that sounds on the same level of greatness with both versions.  &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; sound a little better in its  original version. &quot;Fuel&quot; sounds just as good as its original  version. &quot;The Memory Remains&quot; is better in the original version  because the orchestra sounds a little annoying. I can't compare &quot;No  Leaf Clover&quot; because the original version has never been released, but  it sounds great with the orchestra. &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; sounds  wonderful with the orchestra. &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; is a better in its  original version. &quot;Bleeding Me&quot; sound just as good as it's  original version. &quot;Nothing Else Matter&quot; sounds better with the  orchestra. &quot;Untilit Sleeps&quot; sounds just as good as the original.  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; sounds better with the orchestra. I'm  not sure about &quot;-Human&quot; because the original version hasn't been  released. &quot;Wherever I may Roam&quot; sounds just as good as the  original version. In &quot;Outlaw Torn&quot; the orchestra sounds a little  annoying. &quot;Sad But True&quot; sounds about on the same level of  greatness. &quot;One&quot; sounds better with the orchestra. &quot;Enter  Sandman&quot; sounds better. And in &quot;Battery&quot; the original was  better due to the orchestra covering up most of the guitars. Over-all this  is a good album, and you should definitely buy it.<br />PS- there's a bunch of  new bands out there that are horrible, and compared to Metallica: they're a  bunch of ( )! I'm talking about bands like: Slipknot, Static-X, and  Dope.
0446525537|2.0|I only read this book because I received it as a gift and I love to read.  I found the story slightly touching but very predictable.  Nothing came as a surprise to me.  It was completely unrealistic and was actually a little  too heartwarming at times.  I know now why I choose not to read romance  stories.  Sorry Mr. Sparks, you've found no fan here.
078062565X|2.0|Okay, here's my two cents worth-although this film is a classic, it's NOT that good in my eyes because all it is, is a big show-off of special-effects! Face it, if this movie was made today- it would be deemed  the worst film ever! If it hadn't had such great special-effects than it  would just be another old movie- it's not that good! It is a little  enjoyable but there's so many scenes that's nothing but a show-off of  special-effects and doesn't progress the story any. Yes, the acting is  good- but the plot isn't that great. You gotta understand my point. . .  this is only a short review because I've said what I think and that's  exactly what I think.
0312084986|5.0|I recieved this book as a gift then it was first published in the 1970's.  I have read it at least five times.  Each time I read it I am delighted all over again.<br />This is an animal lover's delight - but it's much more than  that.  Follow the young James Herriott as he starts his adventure as a  country veterninarian.  You feel his pain and joy as he experiences  failures and successes.  His courtship with his wife-to-be Helen is  poignant.  Herriott tells it like it is: there's no fancy stuff.  Don't let  that make you think this is dull.  Herriott's descriptions of the landscape  and characters make you feel like you're there:  the sights and smells he  describes tantalize your senses.  You can smell the fresh country air, the  hearty farm meals, and so much more.<br />This is a book that will delight  young and old alike.  Read a chapter and it's a mini-book in itself, or  curl up for the long haul.  I found it very hard to put down.<br />You'll be  enchanted by Herriott's adventures (and misadventures) and find yourself  laughing and crying.  Even after 5 reads, I'm ready for another.  This  stuff never gets old.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Like the original novel, Fight Club is a film about the internal struggle for meaning that permeates the life of middle class generation X'ers as we attempt to find ourselves in a world of diet colas, one night stands, work  cubicles, microbrew beers and other constructed experiences presented to us  by the media.  Fight Club is a wake up call from the false consciousness  society lulls us into and reminds the male viewer of the reality of human  existance.  Fight Club is a buddy picture, a brutal display of male bonding  and unity that ultimately snowballs into an all out rebellion against the  mediocrity of meaningless middle management careers and worthless  single-serve relationships. If you are a man...see Fight Club...read Fight  Club...know Fight Club.
0783240287|5.0|After having seen two live performances of this story, I was skeptical that this could be successfully presented in the DVD format.  I tentatively plunked down the bucks for the DVD and popped it in the player....<br />This  version delighted me completely.  You start as an audience member on the  outside looking in and suddenly you're immersed in this great production.   Yes, it's different than seeing it on stage.  How could it not be?  Once  you accept you're not watching this live on stage, you can sit back and  enjoy it.  (And, unlike being at the theater, nobody minds if you start  singing along!)  Having DTS made the experience even better. <br />Maria  Friedman is delightful as The Narrator.  She's bright, sassy, and works  well with the story and with Osmond.  Osmond wasn't the best Joseph I've  seen (Patrick Cassidy was fabulous live) but he brought his own personal  charm to the part.  My problem is that I couldn't get over it being Donny.   Little Donny from the Osmond Five...  Joan Collins was a natural for  Potipher's wife: a nasty, sultry temptress to the core.  <br />The production  is filled with lots of fun and the actors really ham it up.  They're almost  over the top, but that's what makes it so fun!  What other Bible story has  received such a following and is produced over and over again around the  world?<br />Open your mind and let yourself be entertained by this wonderful  production.  And be sure to check out the &quot;extra&quot; which talks  about the making of the film and the enormous popularity of  &quot;Joseph&quot; in school plays!  Don't let this one pass you by.
0767802470|5.0|One of the best restorations of an older film around. All great movies 20+ years old should be redone this well. The sound was re-taped to 8 tracks and the extra footage, over an hour, was seamless. The documentary was only  6 minutes long and was more of a trailer for the restored Director's Cut  version. The commentary is very good with the director commenting on the  film plus you get J&uuml;rgen Prochnow, the Captain, commenting on his  experience making the film and the producer of the restored version  commenting on the restoration process. You learn some really interesting  stuff about the actors, locations and other fascinating facts about this  film that was over a year in production. A great DVD to add to any  collection.
0385486804|1.0|This book is nothing but a sloppy, unorganized string of quotes, journal entries, and other meaningless crap. Chris McCandless's life is uninteresting, and his &quot;wild adventure&quot; to Alaska is nothing but a feeble suicide mission. He was ill-prepared, and I believe he suffered  from a mental illness. He is not a &quot;hero&quot;, or a  &quot;soul-seeker&quot;, but more of a dopey kid who decided to plunge into  the wild with not much more than a ten lb bag of rice. What a moron....
B000023X9W|5.0|Truly a masterpiece.Not comparible with any of his previous work and certainly not part of the &quot;harvest trilogy&quot;.Neil Young will continue to impress me as on of the best songwriters but this time there is  something different.You need to sit alone in your study at night and try to  get into the mood of reflection;thinking about your loved one.(e.g Distant  Camera.)The simplicity of acoustic quitars,a little piano,a little  percusion, a little background vocal makes it all sound beautiful.&quot;all  I need is a song of love&quot; and that is what it is all about.
B000002NIW|5.0|Never before has a band sounded so cool and laid back, and yet at the same time been totally in your face with a wall of sound that literally knocks you off your feet. The production on &quot;Around the Fur&quot; is superior  to that of &quot;Adrenaline&quot;, with the guitars in particular more in  your face than before. What amazes me about this album is how beautiful and  melodic this sounds despite the aggressiveness and full on aural assault  that you are confronted with. The music is built up in textured layers that  simultaneously soothe your soul while holding a vice like grip around your  throat. I agree with what some of the other reviewers have said here; my  initial impressions of the Deftones were of a group in the Korn/Limp Bizkit  mould, but upon listening to both their albums in great detail, I have to  say they really are in a class all their own.<br />Bring on &quot;The White  Pony&quot;!
B000002UYZ|5.0|A fantastic, unquestionably excellent collection of some of the finest pop music ever. Some prefer the sequel (the snappily-titled '1967-1970') but really they're two sides of the same coin. This is packed with short,  two-minute pop singles, maturing into longer, more contemplative songs over  the course of the second disc. This is one of a select band of albums I  absolutely have to listen to all the way through, and nothing more needs to  be said about the music - it's timeless, excellent, and sounds surprisingly  punky to my young ears.<br />Looking at the inside photograph of four  goofy-looking young men wearing stripy bathing gear standing on a beach  you'll wonder what the world was like back then.
0800141628|4.0|In the style of all feel-good / adventure of youth films this is a long standing favourite of mine.  To those who have not seen this film it embodies the true friendship of youth on the long road to adulthood. You  can clearly see that the quartet of friends are lost in 'the best times'.  Lachance's vivid storytelling, chambers' diplomacy, Duchamp's war effort  and Vern's lost penny jar all amount for a well balanced and moving film.
B000002UB6|4.0|Let It Be has gotten so much stick over the last 30 years and why? Because it's not as good as Sgt. Pepper or Abbey Road? Well not much is but this gives them a run for their money. McCartney is at his peak on this album  with three of his best songs, Let It Be, The Long and Winding Road and the  outstanding rocker Get Back while Lennon adds the very good Across The  Universe. Yes, most of the songs have been overproduced by Phil Spector but  the music still shines. I'm taking off a mark because of this and also due  to the fact that the album is too short but I'm telling you if your a fan  of The Beatles, get this album, you won't be sorry.
B000001Y5J|5.0|I still remember going to the record store, putting on the headphones and feeling my body being attacked by a sudden imaginary bullet. BROKEN is the BEST nin CD, it's aggresive mood knows no boundaries. Reznor's production  style reaches it's best phase in this CD. If you don't own BROKEN, you're  missing one of the 10 best CDs of the 90s.
B000002JBG|1.0|aside From I Believe I Can Fly Nothing Else is Worth Mentioning.The Soundtrack is as bad as The Film is.Over-Blown&amp;Not Much of The Music have anything at all to do with the film.
B000000992|5.0|This is a masterpiece, Tool is by far the best band out and will be until they quite, Undertow is probably my favorite album but they are all very well done,  4 degrees would have to be my favorite song on undertow because  of the awesome guitar and unbelievable lyrics.  They make the music for the  music and not or stardom.  I would also recommend listening to a Bill Hicks  cd to see where they get some of their views
B000005J56|5.0|Great Music Like This Has No Category.it's Beautiful Music Pure&amp;Simple.The Music is Pure&amp;Original it's Not Manufactored.Strong Quality all the way through here.if You Don't Have it get&amp;Get One each  for other Family Members Because it's that Essential.  the  Music&amp;Arrangements are a Breath of Fresh Air&amp;SOunds that are  timeless.
B000021XS0|5.0|Well Metallica tried to play symphonic rock opera and lets hope they dont do it again, let the ones who knows how to play do it.... This is just an amazing cd, and the guitar playing on track 2....  wow, its gotta be THE   best instrumental ever, hands down to Petrucci - the almighty. Buy this and  close your eyes, and hope you never have to wake up from this wonderful  world of music!
B000002MFN|1.0|For all The Fuss About this Disc it didn't Match the Hype at all.Deeper&amp;Deeper is the Only song worth Remembering here.very bad Club Music.This Album is Very Lame.
B00000613T|5.0|I think this symphony, the 6th, and Das Lied von der Erde are the best pieces Mahler has written.  I think earlier slow Mahler movements have too much schmalz and are in some cases too much like Beethoven's style.   However, Mahler gets it right in the 9th.  Sure, there's some schmalz, but  the first movement is written in a language reflecting the love of nature  which is pure Mahler.  The last movement has a feeling of heroic nobility  in it like the last movements of the 5th and 7th, which unlike the 9th are  in a fast tempo.  The 2nd movement scherzo is the best scherzo of them all,  with as much irony and parody as seriousness.           Boulez's  interpretation works well with this piece.  He's very good at keeping the  schmalz at an moderate level, unlike Bernstein who can ruin a Mahler  symphony by bringing out too much of it.  This is a masterpiece and I still  haven't gotten tired of it yet.
630575067X|5.0|Who picked these actors? What casting agency picked them? Was it the same people that cast Barney?  Don't get me wrong- this is a GREAT movie- but you would think that this &quot;multi-million dollar&quot; flix would pick  better actors.  In the original &quot;Star Wars&quot;- the actors had  emotions, they cried, they laughed, they interacted with each other.  This  new movie had none of that- it seemed like these actors were just saying  their lines- nothing else.  I've seen Liam Neeson and Natalie Portman do  great in other movies- why not this one? In one scene- were Anakin and his  mother say their goodbyes- there is no emotion what so ever- and you would  think that a mother that was loosing her one and only child would have  greater emotions then just &quot;Don't turn around!...what is my next line  Mr. Lucas?&quot; The actress playing Anakin's mother (Pernila August)  seemed like she had trouble remembering her lines, and speaking them in  English.    Besides the acting- this movie is great- the locations, the  effects, the strange characters, the bad actors.  I recommend this movie  because it has great action scenes, great effects, and SOME of the actors  were good.
B000002JBG|4.0|Years ago soundtracks used to be okay with few big name artists and never moved up the charts much.  But boy has that changed, now every big movie trys to push a big soundtrack with star studded artists.  Space Jam is no  different with cuts by Monica, D'Angelo, and R. Kelly. But this soundtrack  offers a wide range of R&amp;B and Rap songs that satisfy a great number of  people, myself included.  This soundtrack was one of the best of 1996, but  not of all time, but still a good collection of songs.  The Standouts are  D'Angelo's I Found My Smile Again, Monica's For You I Will, R Kelly's I  Believe I Can Fly, and Seal's Fly Like An Eagle(although the original was 4  times better). The cd has been in my cd player for years and I still play  it on a reguluar basis.  <br />I'll admit a few tracks could be better but  considering that it was a movie for the family, I found it to be  worthwhile.  It even has a track with Method man and Busta amongst others.   THe track lyrically is not your typical rap song because after all kids  were a big part of the audience.  But it had a decent hook and I liked it.   But still this is mainly an R&amp;B album, and I recommend it to those who  like R&amp;B.  Young or old you will probally like this cd, I do!
0312117337|5.0|The Osho Cards were the first deck I started to read with and I still refer back to them with 9 out of 10 readings. I tossed the books description and looked at each individual card to decide what I felt the  cards meant. It works great.  I also appreciate the fact that I can turn a  card to my client and show them what the card means. This is real cool when  the same cards turn up  more than once in a reading! After almost 1000  readings, I am purchasing a new deck and handing the old deck over to my  newest student...my sister! Thanks Osho! Psychic Vickiveil
B00004S6GL|5.0|I sort of stumbled across this album, and was very excited about its contents. It is an album that doesn't fit into any particular genre, and I think that is why it is so great to listen to. It is very evident that  Smith is influenced by the Beatles, and he is one of the few artists who  have been successful in replicating the Beatles sound.<br />I have not heard  any of Smith's previous albums, but this one is very much worth the  purchase. There are no 'filler' songs, which makes the album one you will  listen to straight through many, many times. I highly recommend it.
0140366822|4.0|It is easy to understand why this book is a classic. I read it for the first time when I was eight, and seven years later I still enjoy it. Pollyanna herself is truly heartwarming, even though at times she seems a  little too good to be true. The other characters are also a little  stereotyped, but they have been so well described and woven into the story  that it doesn't matter so much. A must read.
B000001FV9|5.0|This is the type of late-sixties album that reinforces the argument that the Muse was so abundant in that era, that even overlooked stuff sounds better-conceived than any pop-rock offering today. I grew up with this  album. I was only five years old when it was released, but I had parents  with hip musical tastes, and I heard it constantly for a month or two in  late 1969. So maybe it simply hit me at an imprintable age, but I do think  it stands the test of time. I'm surprised that it doesn't surface more  often as one of their more noteworthy albums.  Frankly, as an album I think  it's as good-- in some ways better --than John Barleycorn or Low Spark. The  first side is a collection of really excellent 3-minute pop selections,  each of which could've been hits (again, it had much steeper competition  back then). Stevie Winwood-- who was only 1ike 18 or 19 --sounds perhaps  better than ever, the music is psychedelic yet very tight, and the  musicianship is first-rate. Every single song represents dynamic,  well-crafted pop, with extremely strong melodies that you'll instantly  process and always remember. (And I love the acoustic guitar work in  &quot;Shanghai Noodle Factory&quot;). And the second side is not bad-- far  from it.  Actually, &quot;Feelin' Good&quot; is a wonderful live  performance that should be considered a classic.  You gotta love that raw  Hammond B3 organ sound (or is it an early Mellotron or Moog synth?).  Winwood is as bluesy as he can be.  The song is very hippie, funky,  improvisational, and has great atmosphere. The riff sounds like a hybrid of  church organ and minor blues-- and it works. As far as &quot;Blind  Man,&quot; well it's not as strong as &quot;Feelin' Good,&quot; but it's  alright.  All in all, if you're interested in Traffic, this one's a keeper.
0140367357|5.0|This book is a childhood favourite of mine, and has remained a favourite still. It is funny, enchanting, and above all highly entertaining. Unlike so many other books written in it's era, The Five Children and It does not  attempt to preach or teach. Instead, it tells things as they are. The  children themselves are alive and refreshing instead of painfully good.  This book is not only for the young but the young at heart.
B00000K19E|5.0|The laurels for this movie are accumulating and not undeservedly-it's full of invention and captivating energy. Consider two elements. Hugo Weaving's ( the bad guy )deeply modulated tone of voice. This guy encapsulated his  performance entirely in the idea that his voice, which is the only physical  attribute that is truly available to him in his rapidly changing  incarnations, can be the menacing, darkly efficient force that his  character is meant to suggest. Given so little to work with, but having  some of the best dialogue, Weaving portrays one of the most rational,  smart, ruthless, and, consequently, scary villains in a long time. I'll bet  this is one of the performances he will be remembered for his entire  career. <br />Another element to consider is the screenplay. A great many  people are either confounded by Wachowskis' work or dismiss it as a  contrived cop-out to hang the F/X on, but look at the genuine invention  that calls attention to itself in practically every scene. Those who  compare The Matrix unfavorably to Dark City miss a fundamental point. DC is  a smooth and interesting narrative because it evades explanations and works  more by implication, by relying on tone and atmosphere to tell the story.  Matrix is there on the screen to be scrutinized in every aspect, as the  fault-finders see the misses (which there are), but don't see the  cumulative, visionary stroytelling that is also there. Wachowskis' is an  inquisitive, dynamic intelligence, which attempts not only to redefine  (which is common enough), but also to EXPLAIN (not common at all) the  movie's world in terms that are revolutionary, though understandable to  ourselves. It does not make us think as some movies do because the material  has been thought through and finessed for us to an extent that makes any  further contemplation unnecessary, but the ideas it offers are as fresh and  as captivating as anything put on the screen in '99. When the movie aspires  to so much, and accomplishes it so brilliantly, it must not only be given  credit, but forgiven for the rough edges.
0553573403|5.0|WARNING:<br />This book is not for the easily offended. It is very probably not for young children, unless very mature. It contains realistic acts of violence, murder, explicit sexuality, vulgar language, greed, cowardice, deceit, and _politics_. It is often grim and dark, with good characters  hurt and wicked characters rewarded. And, indeed, most of the characters  are rather more grey than black and white in their goodness and wickedness.<br />This novel is also the first of six books in an epic fantasy series, by  necessity all interwoven together, and so it does not tell a complete story  on its own. It also uses a narrative technique where many characters have  POV chapters, and these chapters can be widely separated, sometimes even  cutting into the middle of the current action and leaving one hanging for  half-a-dozen (or more) intervening POV chapters of other characters.<br />If  any of these things make you run for cover, you can now pass this novel by  safe in the knowledge that it does not suit your tastes.<br />With that aside:<br />_A Game of Thrones_ is one of the most brilliant fantasy novels written  in the last five decades. Bold and forceful, unblinking in the face of  doing terrible and unexpected things to characters, Mr. Martin has shown  that epic fantasy is more than just magic and monsters. This is a story  about the complex interactions between people, and the things they do for  vengeance, for love, for power. The characters are perfectly drawn, because  they are human - some are brilliant, some are ignorant, many are  &quot;normal&quot;, and _all_ make mistakes.  The magnificent sweep of  events, the fateful choices that lead to glory or to death (or both at  once), the precious peace in the eye of the storm - it's all there, laid  out as true to reality as one can imagine.
0800121260|4.0|An average story which is sort of naive. I rated this 4 star all because of the great actor, Mr. Hoffman.
6305807086|4.0|A strange world awaits in this movie. It is a fresh and funny. It pushs actors John Cuasack, Cameron Diaz and John Malkovich to act in a more indepth way. I did not even reconize Cameron Diaz and John Cuasack was not  his usual fast talking character. A delight to watch.
B000001ZS3|5.0|I have been listening to this recording since the late 70's. Done in 1975 it is way, way ahead of its time. It is a classic.
0783225849|5.0|I owned the laser disc version, and I'm glad I got the DVD. The Letterbox format is a dramatic improvement, as is the fact that the integrity of the film is maintained because there is no artificial break for side B. In  addition, there is a lengthy documentary on the making of the film that  includes many of the principals. While the information there is familiar to  most film buffs, it still makes for very interesting viewing. Janet Leigh  is especially articulate--she reveals herself to be a thoughtful,  intelligent actress. If you are a fan of this film, you owe it to yourself to buy the DVD.
B000002LIX|1.0|this album is a major dissapointment. If it wasnt for the solid drum work, it would be completely USELESS.  perry ferrel voice is already irritating enough without the excess reverb used to try to make it bigger sounding.   &quot;Three days&quot; is 23hrs and 55 minutes too long, &quot;been caught  stealing&quot; gives me a rash and &quot;stop&quot; makes me want to jump  out of a window. Im all for bands who arent afraid to take chances with  their music- i just think that this was one experiment whose funding should  have been abruptly cut short!
6304119046|5.0|I'm 15 years old.  Maybe that means my opinion &quot;doesn't count.&quot;<br />However, I thought the movie was beautiful.  It was very psychological, and for that reason I think a lot of people were bored.  I don't blame those of you who felt the movie was boring.  American pop  culture is fascinated by digitized action scenes and computerized special  effects.  I personally love them as well.  But this movie is truly ahead of  its time.  I know this has been said hundreds of times, but the camera  angles and innovative filming were truly astonishing, especially for the  time period.  I loved the way Welles showed weaker characters looking up at  the camera, while stronger characters (such as Kane himself) looked down at  the camera.  It was subtle manipulation of the audience, and I thought it  was brilliant.<br />This movie is not for everyone, but I think those who did  not like the movie at least respected it.  It truly is the greatest movie  of all time.
B000002LIX|1.0|this album is a major dissapointment. If it wasnt for the solid drum work, it would be completely USELESS.  perry ferrel voice is already irritating enough without the excess reverb used to try to make it bigger sounding.   &quot;Three days&quot; is 23hrs and 55 minutes too long, &quot;been caught  stealing&quot; gives me a rash and &quot;stop&quot; makes me want to jump  out of a window. Im all for bands who arent afraid to take chances with  their music- i just think that this was one experiment whose funding should  have been abruptly cut short!  In short- DONT BOTHER WITH THIS NONSENSE!
B000000I02|5.0|Great music here !  get it.......
B000002LKF|4.0|this album, although overshadowed by the success of &quot;Graceland&quot;, is not to be missed. going into Brazil this time for his inspiration, the album at first listen doesn't have the kick that &quot;Graceland&quot;  provided. After repeated listens, the music unfolds into something larger,  and his lyrics haven't sounded this good since the 70's. &quot;Proof&quot;,  &quot;the Coast&quot;, &quot;the obvious child&quot; and &quot;Born at the  right time&quot; showcase his endless curiousity to explore new musical  territory, and pay huge dividends.
6305428220|4.0|I just rented this movie tonight and watched with not alot of expectations but it was really good. This movie illustrates the paronoia when the few good people have to battle against the many evil. The casting of this movie  is surprisingly good. The actors do a good job and the movie always keeps  you interested. Roberto Rodrigez has delivered a surprisingly good sci-fi  thriller. I recommend it as a great entertainment.
B000006TRV|4.0|THE WALL marks the exact point at which it became undeniable that punk had changed a big part of rock &amp; roll discourse. Pink Floyd was by no means a punk band---indeed, the group represented to a lot of people exactly the  pompus &quot;art-rock&quot; the punks of the 70's were rebelling against.  But this LP's brutal cynicism suggested a familiarity with the Sex Pistols,  the Clash (who would release LONDON CALLING a year later), and a need to  respond. So Roger Waters and David Gilmour created their own pitcure of  rock &amp; roll, its audience and what they were becoming...and the  portrait was frightening indeed. (The fascist &quot;surrogate band&quot;  was a chilling preminition of Guns &amp; Roses and Rapestock '99.)
B000002KCC|4.0|What &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; lacks in momentum, it gains in variety. This CD doesn't flow like his previous efforts, much less future recordings, but none of his other CDs takes you on an emotional roller  coaster like this one. It's sort of the &quot;Disintegration (by The  Cure)&quot; of its time, recorded during a dark period of Young's life  where the music and lyrics just came out naturally. An effective  maniupulater of moods, &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; is pleasing to the  senses - pleading, lazily swanky, and resolved.  &quot;Albaqurque, Roll  Another Number, and  Let's Go Downtown&quot; are great tunes, as is the  title song. The mood of this CD was a perfect fit for the mid 70s, and at a  time when grunge is well entrenched in the minds of many modern rock  artists - if not explicitly displayed - this CD is a great listen. Solid  from beginning to end, it's a must add to any size Neil Young collection.
B000002BQK|1.0|Mariah's voice has such beauty, clarity and range, but this album was a broken record without any real songs on it.  It seems like she just faids away every now and then and returns to the same old drum beat, background  chatter and scale crawling exercises (junk that people who can't really  sing try to do!).  There is no variety in the pace, no difference in the  music, and no real quality in the songs.  Really dissapointed in this one.  Maraih, whoever told you that this was good music and that you should sing  like this --- FIRE THEM!
0964385619|4.0|The rules are simple but good.  We've all heard most of them before - somewhere.  The commom sense strategies are there for parents as well as the kids.  So what if it's basic?  Sometimes we need to be told something  we may have heard before but may have forgotten.  We also like another  simple book on basic general parenting ideas, Mommy-CEO (Constantly  Evaluating Others) 5 Golden Rules, by Jodie Lynn.  Both books have  guidelines we'll surely remember hearing about, and if not, great for those  who are about to embark upon money  - and parenting.  These books will make  it easy to shed light on the challenges parents face today and tomorrow.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I just spent some time listening to the album through RealAudio on A-ha.net, and I must say I'm impressed. I love a lot of their previous work both solo albums and albums as a group. I can't wait to see this album  released in the U.S. My favourite song on the album is Summer Moved On. I  understand that this album just sold 200 000  copies in Germany in one week  and that says a whole lot. There is also a review in  Billboard Magazine  April 29th Edition, Page 68.
B00004T40X|5.0|Basically this band make a power metal similar to Stratovarius or Blind Guardian but manage to have a very distinctive sound, probably due to the excellent singer and the catchiness of the melodies.  Very rarely am I  person to judge music on its catchiness since I prefer to listen to music  with a lot of depth and thought but I have to say that catchiness is  probably the defining characteristic of this CD.  Definitally one of my  favorite CD's.  Could listen to &quot;8th Commandment&quot; and  &quot;Fullmoon&quot; all day long even though every song on this CD is  excellent.  Definitally a band that is going places and I think this CD  would've gotten much more praise if they had been around longer.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I just spent some time listening to the album through RealAudio on A-ha.net, and I must say I'm impressed. I love a lot of their previous work both solo albums and albums as a group. I can't wait to see this album  released in the U.S. My favourite song on the album is Summer Moved On.
B00001U0DP|3.0|It seems with this movie that most people jumped on the bandwagon as soon as Roberto Benigni jumped on the seats at the oscars.  That wasn't funny and neither was this movie.  Not because of the subject matter but because  the guy is just not funny.  <br />I did give this movie three stars because  the idea was good and the ending clutched up and made people realize that  not every movie can have a happy ending.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have enjoyed Dream Theater's material in the past, but Scenes from a Memory far surpasses anything that they have done.  You can find some powerful riffs on any metal album, but never have I heard so many on one  CD.  And the powerful riffs are only a small part of the huge collection of  musical talent, expressed by all of the instruments.  Don't pass this one  up.
B00003CX95|5.0|The thing about the film that I enjoyed is the range of emotions you feel while watching it.  You will feel sadness, betrayal, love, courage, hatred, joy, exhiliration, among others.  I know the facts in the movie are not all  factual. Take this movie as a journey through the human spirit, not as a  clunky, 4 hour documentary about 100% fact.  That is why we have history  books.  This movie also does something else that draws me to it.  The  battle scenes are graphic and realistic because it should not be made to  look glorious.  I think the way the battle scenes are depicted in the movie  are closer to the way it was than a lot of other movies on this subject.  I  thought the film was absolutely fanatstic.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|The best movie of the year! Kubrick gets performances from Tom Cruise and  Nic Kidman that far exceed anything they've ever done. Soundtrack is really  wonderful. I watch the movie again and again. And I would recommend watch  this movie repeatedly, because, as with all of Kubrick's films, they simply  get better the more you view them. <br />I simply love this film. But this VHS  tape still not available in Russia. So I was forced to buy an illegal VHS  copy from a street seller for $2.5. The copy is not good but contains the  orgy scene.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is Morphius, and I want you to trust me, that when you see this movie, you will experience something you've never experienced before. If you take the blue pill, you will return to your bland &quot;Full  House&quot; reruns. If you take the red pill, you will be taken on a  journey that is this movie. Follow the white rabbitt, watch for the lady in  the red dress, walk on walls and ceilings when dudes are trying to gun you  down with a million bullets. Unless you do, you will never know if you are  the ONE.
B000023X9W|5.0|Neil &quot;forever&quot; Young strikes again. And he's back with one of his soft folk-albuns (my favourites), proving that he's not able to lose his habilities in the art of pop music. Neil's career always been pointed  by cicles. An folk albun after an rock one after an blues one (plus  experimental works like Trans, Reactor and Everybody's Rockin') just  affirms his capacity to reinvent himself. Neil is (more than Dylan, I  think) the real dinossaur of rock'n'roll. His influences on grunge rock and  his contributions on CSNY and Buffalo Springfield are treasures of our  time. Here, on Silver And Gold, Neil talks about love, past, tenderness and  optimism with truth and passion. Buffalo Springfield Again is one of most  beautiful Young's songs ever written, The Great Divide is simply marvelous  and the eponymous tune seems made by an angel. Following the traces of  Harvest, After The Gold Rush, Comes A Time and Harvest Moon, Neil gave us a  new timeless piece of art. God bless you, old man.
0792156684|1.0|This was a terrible movie. My brother wrote a book on Leonardo DiCaprio (published only in England) and when researching it, he thought he should see &quot;Titanic.&quot; He asked my sister about it, and she said,  &quot;`Titanic' was so bad, I stopped the videotape before it was half  done. I couldn't stand to watch it anymore.&quot; My brother asked other  people. They told him don't watch it. I told him don't watch it. So he  wrote a book on Leonardo DiCaprio without seeing &quot;Titanic.&quot; The  book sold well, anyway. So he saved himself three hours. (As I write this,  I see that there are 1060 reviews for `Titanic', the most successful movie  in history. But I see at &quot;The Matrix&quot; page that it has 1789  reviews. Which tells me that &quot;The Martix is a much better movie. Which  I agree with. See &quot;the Matrix&quot; before wasting your time on  &quot;Titanic.&quot;)
B000009ED0|5.0|Most people think that the Rap genre of music is all black, but here is a white boy who knows what he's doing.  But then again, this isn't true rap.  It leans more towards the hard rock side with a light touch of rap.  Only  one song on this CD is mostly rap, &quot;Black Chick, White Guy.&quot;  So  far he's had three major hits with this CD, &quot;Bawitdaba,&quot; and  totally awesome song, &quot;Cowboy,&quot; which is good but not as good,  and my favorite, &quot;Only God Knows Why.&quot;  This song has a lot of  meaning to me.  I really think that the Kid is a rapper who's actually  trying to get a good message across to f* &lt;ed up teens.
0156907399|5.0|This is my second time through this rich, multi-layered novel.  I read it first as a teenager and remember being confused over it.  Now, many years later, the confusion has evaporated to leave behind solid respect for the  artisitic merits achieved by Woolf.<br />I am most struck by the layers  contained herein.  At once, it is a psychological novel, an emotional novel  (yes, a new genre, don't you think?), a gender novel, and a novel on the  artistic process.  Woolf probes into the inner machinations of her  characters and they move and breath as real as these words etched in Cyber.   <br />Her sentences flow; they are mellifluous; turning and twisting,  reaching, they snake and snap with images; they turn over within themselves  and then change again.  She is a creator.<br />Difficult? Yes.  Rewarding?   Yes, definitely.
