B00000IO4I|5.0|Got to the cinema after the film we wanted to see had started so agreed to watch whatever started next... Oh NO! it was little voice... the trailers had looked sooo boring! Oh well off we went... the movie was such an  excellent true to life comedy.. the characters were spot on I laughed but  felt guilty ...shouldn't I have been crying?  Brenda is stunning - and  there are plenty of real life of mothers that treat their daughters just  like she does, like a bit of sellotape that you can't get rid of - that's  the sad bit<br />If you thought the trailers sucked - see the movie and change  your mind big time! I;ll be buying this one as soon as it hits the UK  shelves... I've been waiting since the moment I left the cinema
B000002GQE|5.0|Man, was 1967 just an incredible year for music or what?  In that single year alone, we saw this Moody Blues' release (the debut of their new lineup), plus Jimi Hendrix's debut, Sgt. Pepper, Love's  Forever Changes,  the Doors' debut, Janis Joplin, the Kinks' Village Green Preservation  Society, and just a whole ton of other great stuff.  Unbelievable.  And  bands like the Beatles, Kinks, and Moodys were putting out at least an  album a year -- sometimes two, plus additional 45's.  Did I miss anything?  (I'm sure I did -- that period was just so rich in wonderful  stuff.)<br />Anyway, if you haven't figured it out already, I think Days Of  Future Passed is an essential album for anyone's collection.  Get it,  experience it.
0790739909|5.0|This is one of the finnest movies that I have ever seen, it contains the billance of Forest Gump and the heart of Casablanca. If you are the guy who wants to impress your girl and show her that you got a sensitive side, get  the movie. City of Angels gives the most important lesson that many of us  never learn until the end, it is that cherish the moments of life because  they will never come again. Another aspect that this movie reveals is that  oppoisites do attract. And to all the singles out there the ladies man  suggests this video to bring the romance together.
B000002I25|5.0|There is so much good music that came out of 1967 that it is almost ridiculous.  This album is another example.  I think that this debut album is the Doors' best.<br />Oh, and for the person that said he played the  Beatles' White Album to a friend and &quot;converted&quot; him over from  the Doors to the Beatles:  Well, why can't you love them both!  I certainly  do.  I'm a HUGE Beatles fan, but the Doors are also terrific.  The  mid-to-late '60s was such a rich period for popular music.  Just awesome.
0783229321|5.0|One of the funniest movies ever made.  The writing and acting are near perfect.  It spawned a lot of imitators (Porkies, etc) in the years following, but none came close to Animal House. I have one of the older DVD  versions and the transfer is atrocious, by far the worst I've seen.  The  widescreen collector's edition has garnered praise, be sure to get it if  you want a DVD version.
B0000041DZ|4.0|Now, Alfred Brendel is the best interpreter of Beethoven's Piano Sonatas alive, his 1990s cycle is the best one compare with his Vox cycle and the first Phillips Cycle (Recorded in 1970s). I like this recordings very much
0345347951|5.0|This book is very well written, and the plot is excellent!  I would have never suspected what happened!  When I started reading I couldn't put the book down...  I don't see how some people found it boreing, but it was  GREAT.  Especially for people who like books that get you thinking!!! Don't  just sit there, buy it, check it out at your library, just READ IT!!!
0440224764|4.0|If not for the ending, I would've given 5 stars because this Grisham novel was every bit as great as his previous books.  But the end left me feeling empty and chopped off, as though he ran out of ideas.  Once I started  reading it, I couldn't put it down, but wished I had before I read the  ending.  Actually, I wish I had thrown it across the room like the reader  from Farmington, MN.  It's still not a bad idea.  I hope Grisham will  consider a sequel--it's about the only thing that will fill the void.
B0000203Y5|4.0|An excellent doumentary of the history of Cuba's typical music. As a child, my mother introduced me to this cultural delicacy, from the times when she used to be a flamenco dancer and singer in Spain and later in Cuba  b.c. (before castro). These typical salsa/island rythems and the quality of  the documentary in the style of Wim Wenders and Ry Cooder are no surprise  that the music won a Grammy. The local shots of Havana in 1998 make you  wonder how our neighbors to the south can live in such terrible conditions  and still play such happy music.<br />The economic conditions typified in in  the film depict present-day Cuba and give creedence to the saying that only  the good die young- reason for why castro is still in power and still alive  after so many years of his nonsense and dictatorship.<br />Definitely worth  101 minutes of your time!
B00000K19E|5.0|After having seen Matrix, I felt spiritually relieved, satisfied with life, strong and compelled to do good to all living beings.<br />I started getting religious insights watching this movie, and after having seen it 5  times in movie theatres, I truly feel the deeper meaning of (true)  christianity and humanity, my look at the world and religion has lighted up  and given me reason to hope and live!<br />But why?? This movie seems to be  pure violence and technical disaster on the surface!?<br />I figured that it  might be that the final message of Matrix is that good overcomes evil, love  instills life in the seemingly dead, that helping and fighting for God will  succeed in the end. <br />The comparative message of Star Wars 1 (not 4,5,6)  is that evil tricks you, gambling is nessesary and helpful, innocent  children are doomed to betray their fathers and that even though you fight,  you will lose and the Dark Lord takes over control of the universe.<br />When  I look upon the characters in Matrix as biblical - and pardon me for  eventual blasphemy - the Holy Script was revealed before me! (which I  eventually have never bothered to read before...)<br />Neo, the Man, the  prophesized (!) return of Jesus turned into Christ, come to redeem the  world and overthrow the dark.<br />Trinity, the Holy Spirit, love, the mother,  notice how the movie does not mention sex at all - she can thus be seen as  virgin Mary, dressed according to the likes of the target audience, but  inwardly saintly, her name pointing towards the wholy trinity of God,  Christ and the Holy Spirit. She has always full trust in Neo and gives him  food where none other does.<br />Morpheos, in appearance cloaked as a human,  does not break, only seemingly - as a means to awaken Neo and others, a  gentle and compassionate God, giving humans the offer of using their free  will in the choice of waking up to Him! Notice how the agents cannot break  His mind, but then shifts to make Him use His compassionfor even these  dark beings. They try to make Him say the Word that will undo the  world.<br />The traitor, eating red bloody meat, drinking alcohol, and  speaking with the agent named Smith (5 letter S name!) - this Judas is  revenged upon, but is the indirect cause of Neo having to wake up and fight  the evil. Notice how he persuades Neo to run away from and fear the  agents!<br />The other 'diciples' of the ship of liberty (Noahs Ark) are all  nice, tolerant, humble, accepting what God puts before them (Morpheus is  their entrusted leader) and do joke but not complain about the water and  bread (simple white nourishing substance) they have to eat, at that last  supper!!!<br />As others have stated, 5 stars are too few, I must get this dvd  and find a dvd-player for it, allthough it truly belongs to the thx  theatre!<br />This is my best movie experience ever!!!<br />christian  (ironically;)
6305546797|5.0|The new Halloween Limited Edition DVD is incredible! Anchor Bay has outdone themselves with this release. Superb looking transfer and an absorbing 5.1 surround mix makes this classic more frightening than ever!  Carpenter's best film, along with &quot;The Thing&quot;.
0425170349|4.0|The book begins with an airplane highjacking and ends with a stunning climax.  A fascinating look into the anti-terrorist world, it is a must read for fans of Clancy and his John Clark thriller Without Remorse.  At  times, this book makes you want to grab a weapon and go at those looney  &quot;tree-huggers&quot; along with the Rainbow team.  At times, a little  predictable, but an intersting look at the post Cold War situation of  terrorism from within the U.S. Not his best work, but still very readable.
B0000024JN|5.0|The Beastie Boys have some great alblums, but this one is by far the BEST!!!!!!!!!!  I like all the songs, and it is something that I can listen to over and over again.  If your a fan and you don't have this cd, get  it!!!!!!!!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|..because I was not too happy with it. But using the DVD player that is on my computer, and working out a few sound bugs, this film was more than well worth the money spent. After watching it a 5th time in 2 days ;), I can't  believe I didn't see it more times in the theater! I'm not going to say  &quot;one of the best&quot;. In my opinion, it IS the best!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I'm new to the Santana bandwagon, but this CD is tight. D
B000002LOE|2.0|As 25 reviewers have here shown, this album raises as disparate reactions as the diversity of its styles. (Rolling Stone's Reader's Poll 1989: Best album: #1; Worst album: #5; Worst Album Cover: #3) All presented as love  songs--a first for the band, Stipe claimed. But which ones still sound  vibrant, in context with REM's efforts before and since? Well, the  instrumentation here leans towards mandolin, strings, background vocals,  acoustic shadings--so it follows Green's foray into more popular musical  tones. And, in its reliance upon the particular in the lyrics and its muted  undertones, so it prepares for AFTP's meditation. And it's a warm, inviting  production. So, the project bodes well. But the songs themselves do not  always survive repeated listening. Ironically, &quot;Radio Song&quot; and  its ilk--&quot;Losing,&quot; and &quot;Shiny&quot;--have been dulled by  overexposure on the very same radio which embraced this album more than any  of REM's earlier product. 1991's attempt at innovation--rap meets  alternative--is 1999's cliche, although REM can't fairly be blamed anymore  than Run-DMC and Aerosmith for this! But the song's a rant when it  should've been a roll, preachy instead of convincing. &quot;Losing&quot;'s  St. Sebastian-styled video was banned in Ireland; too bad the song wasn't  worldwide. And of &quot;Shiny,&quot; at least Kate Pierson's vocal support  has been recorded for posterity. Say something nice or don't say it at all.  &quot;Low,&quot; &quot;Endgame,&quot; &quot;Belong&quot; are all passable  vocal exercises that anticipate experiments as recent as on the Up lp; the  lyrics stand up beter than the sketchy musical backings, which recall some  of the sparer, half-finished sounds on earlier albums.  &quot;Near&quot;  presages those so-so Brian Wilson tributes that, again, became so popular  in the 90's among &quot;alternative&quot; musicians from Elvis Costello to  the Elephant 6 collective. &quot;Half&quot; is marginally redeemed by its  harpischord; &quot;Texarkana&quot; fairly damned by its Mike Mills lead  vocal. (One critic called it a Moody Blues song.) So we stumble through the  abc's to the two finest worksongs: &quot;Country Feedback&quot; with its  two (maybe three; cf. Hamlet III ii 117) meanings matched by a powerful  dissonant rumbling wave of despair .A breakup never sounded so good.  &quot;Me&quot; ends the album triumphantly: a specific situation told by  Stipe, wonderful &quot;life-affirming&quot; backup by Pierson, the boys in  the band making hey while the sun shines warmly upon all.  Yet, to whom  much has been given, much will be expected--and the parable of the talents  applies to this seventh album, at a time of their reckoning with finally  making it to the top of the pops.ts  harpischord; &quot;Texarkana&quot; fairly damned by its Mike Mills lead  vocal. (One critic called it a Moody Blues song.) So we stumble through the  abc's to the two finest worksongs: &quot;Country Feedback&quot; with its  two (maybe three; cf. Hamlet III ii 117) meanings matched by a powerful  dissonant rumbling wave of despair .A breakup never sounded so good.  &quot;Me&quot; ends the album triumphantly: a specific situation told by  Stipe, wonderful &quot;life-affirming&quot; backup by Pierson, the boys in  the band making hey while the sun shines warmly upon all.  Yet, to whom  much has been given, much will be expected--and the parable of the talents  applies to this seventh album, at a time of their reckoning with finally  making it to the top of the pops.
0780625129|5.0|this movie was shocking and entertaining and moving and disturbing and, above all, incredible.
B00000HYTW|5.0|if you have this cd please get a ripper and copy and email me the extra trax
B000002J2F|5.0|Duke was the album that introduced me to Genesis at the age of 15.  I am now nearly 34 and I still listen to this CD, sometimes obsessively so. I don't yet have the remastered version, but I'll get it soon.  I am a fan of  both old and new Genesis (although their post-Duke, pre-We Can't Dance  stuff is less impressive).  Very simply, Duke is a genuine work of art.   It's really true and it's really that simple.  Tony, Mike and Phil's skill  at crafting intricate and complex songs that are nonetheless emotionally  evocative continues to amaze me after nearly 20 years.  No one else before  or since has come close to offering the world this kind of magic.  Of the  now 20 or so albums Genesis has released since its inception in the late  1960s, I consider five to be absolute masterpieces. Duke is one of these --  Foxtrot, The Lamb, A Trick of the Tail, and Wind &amp; Wuthering being the  other four.  The rest of their entire body of work is merely awesome! As  with most Genesis albums, one must exercise the mind when listening to  Duke.  Tony Banks, yet again, composed some of the most beautiful and  powerful music I believe the world has ever experienced for this album --  and Mike Rutherford wasn't far behind.  Phil Collins offers his first two  compositions, singles in nature, but somehow absolutely at home on this  recording. The album opens with a high energy punch, fades into a  dream-like trance and proceeds to explore a variety of emotions and musical  textures, the complexities of which (i.e. the physical playing of the  instruments, the musical arrangements and the impact on my soul) I truly am  at a loss to describe. Buy Duke and prepare yourself for a unique musical  and emotional experience.  Unlike a lot of other music, you will find that  you can actually use the word &quot;talent&quot; when describing what you  hear (with the word &quot;incredible&quot; not far away in the same  sentence).  When you're done listening to Duke, go out an buy everything  else Genesis has ever recorded. Their worst is better than the best anyone  else can create.
B00000J7JO|4.0|The best song on the whole track by far is #3, aka Scar Tissue. The rest of the songs are hard rock, not for woosies. This CD is awesome!
B000001FMC|1.0|You might think that after a listen or two, the songs here are extrememly catchy. However, after that you quickly find yourself becoming extremely nauseaous from just listening to these over-produced tunes. You will soon  want to quickly exorcise this CD from your CD collection AND your  collective memory! That said, I still highly recommend Kaleidoscope World  where the songs (save only a few) represent superb pop-craft that hold up  to repeated listenings!
0425170349|5.0|This is an action-packed thrill ride. The game was awsome, so I decided to try the book out.  900 pages! After I read the prolouge, I was addicted. This is a MUST READ!
630280082X|5.0|I own a copy of the movie on VHS. I have played the tape to death. Will this movie be printed on dvd? Need I say more?
0871137380|5.0|I'm a Nat'l Guard cavalry Sergeant, and was concerned that Mr. Bowden's lack of military experience might color the account of the events in Mogadishu on October 3-4, 1993. I could not have been more wrong. Obviously  Mr. Bowden entered the project with an open mind, and became impressed with  the men of SFOD-D and B/3-75th and all the other unfortunate soldiers,  sailors and airmen struggling in the streets of Somalia during that long  running gunfight. He pulls no punches, and leaves nothing untold. If a  soldier did something he was ashamed of, it's right there in print. But one  cannot (as obviously Mr. Bowden could not) be impressed by the dedication,  and courage of these men in their desire to complete their mission, and  preserve the lives of their team mates. If I ever meet Ranger Stebbins, I'd  be more than happy to buy him a beer. Hell, I'd buy a keg for any and/or  all of these guys! As they say in the Ranger Regiment &quot;Sua  Sponte!&quot; Way to go guys, RLTW.
B00001ODHL|5.0|This movie has it all! Comedy, fantasy, and romance. If that is what you  call, &quot;Hail to the King baby!&quot;  I have watched this movie over  and over and love to repeat the &quot;one liners&quot; from Bruce Campbell,  Ash, as I watch the movie.  Simply put this movie is the best and the  special effects crack me up.  It's Great
6305558167|5.0|I had recalled this movie to be the best King Arthur film in the genre.  Amazon had it at 11.99 for the pre-order dvd so I took a chance and I'm glad I did.  Excellent action and filmed quite beautifully.  The feature  where John Boorman's commentary runs through the film makes it seem like  he's in your living room telling you why he used a specific type of  lighting and for which type of effect.  Boorman's commentary adds so much  and illuminates the amount of thought that went into the making of the  film.  I knew this was an excellent film, but on Dvd you get your money's  worth easily.  Great music, filming, art direction, action, and 3 great-  looking women!  You'll enjoy it!  Boorman is a real artist.
6304539282|5.0|I think the Star Wars movies can`t be beaten by any other movie. I wathced them in 1997, and I can`t imagine a life without them. I think Return of the Jedi is the best. And with the realease of the Phantom Menace, I see  more and more people getting intrested in the hole Star Wars trilogy.
B00000K19E|5.0|GREAT extra features.  If this version were available on Laser, it would easily be upwards, but... you can have this really cool movie with lots of cool added features. REMEMBER FOLKS, Follow  the WHITE RABBITT.
0061003646|5.0|Don't listen to those people who said this was boring...it wasgreat!!!! I never suspected the ending, even though I know thatChristie always has the most unlikely person as the murderer. Read it!
0553211978|5.0|Not only does Austen create a gothic environment to haunt the readers and the characters, but she places the character ahead of the overall story.  Not the story is bad, but readers tend to read Austen's work for her  characters and their heartbreaking fates.  This is truely a masterpiece  featuring classic decision making from the main protagonist and an  incredible and tragic solution that calms the storm of the story.
0061002747|4.0|It's true that the ending is confusing, but over all it was a pretty good book.
6300182266|5.0|There are quite a few reviews, going in to depth, about many of Galactica's shortcomings in terms of plot.  This may rightfully be so, but I don't think it's getting the respect it deserves.  Yes, it IS hard to  believe that 12 entire planets could get wiped out so easily when the  Colonials have been at war with the Cylons for so many centuries.  It  should have been only one planet that got destroyed, but the makers  obviously fell in love with the astrology motiff (Capricans, Sagitarians,  etc.).<br />This destruction was needed to set up the series that followed  this movie, however.  And I think the premise was established fairly  credibly, with terrific special effects (even by today's standards), and  with lots of fast-paced action.  This way, the premise is established  without too much time to think about it.<br />The Galactica is off in space  and now the adventures can continue.  There are many plot holes in all  types of sf.  Why would the Death Star in Star Wars, for example, spend  time going around the planet Yavin when they wanted to destroy the rebels'  base.  They could have just destroyed the planet with their laser cannon,  reloaded, and shot the moon.  Right?  If you want to, you can find holes in  Battlestar Galactica, too, of course.  But why spend time trying to tear  apart something that is supposed to be fun, light fair?
0670881791|5.0|I must admit. I had a chocolate craving when I bought this, but I never thought I could be addicted to a book.  I re-read this several times being drawn in by the strong characters that Joanne Harris presented.  I have  bought this book several times as gifts already and will continue to do so  until Joanne Harris writes again! (Thanks for the title Ms. Harris...)
B00000ILE7|5.0|I decided to pull out this video last night, and I must say it is a very scary movie. It will make you cringe when they saw open Newts chest. This movie is entirely underrated. Only complaint is the use of the  F-dash-dash-dash word so much. They don't use any foul language hardly at  all until the middle of the movie. I just turn the volume down or mute it  when they start talking like that. Besides that,this movie is the perfect  ending for the series, but then they made Alien Resurrection....why? Alien  Resurrection is great, I'm sure, but Alien 3 would have been the perfect  ending for a great series!
B000000OQF|5.0|Guns N' Roses invokes such a degree of mania in its fans that it's difficult to look beyond all the mindless cheering and jeering to get to the music.<br />The facts?  Ferocious distortion rock, intensely melodramatic,  but checked with a melodic sense of the romanticism that Axl Rose has  desperately tried to hide (with the whole bad-boy image) all these  years.<br />&quot;Sweet Child O'Mine&quot; became the hit quite justly -- the  intro guitar figure remains one of the definitive statements of the '80s,  and a breath of life into the stagnating scene known as hard rock  (remember, this was the same year Aerosmith -- one Guns N' Roses' most  important spiritual and musical predecessors -- came out with the awful  Permanent Vacation).  Yearning, love-sickness, joy and sadness blend in the  first half of this classic track, destroyed in the final act by a blast of  anger when Slash and Izzy Stradlin break the romanticism apart, augmenting  Rose's pained shrieks with devastating guitar riffs.<br />Guns N' Roses has  always been stronger with its subtleties than its excesses -- the lovely  acoustic guitar that punctuates the chorus of &quot;Think about You&quot;,  for example -- completely contrary to the fire-breathing electric-guitar  riffs, but adding much-needed shade to the track; the echo of the intro  riff to &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot; rings more menacing than the rest  of the song together; the intro to &quot;Paradise City&quot;, which  promises dreams and hope which the song proceeds to satirize.<br />An  essential '80s album -- hard to judge cerebrally because of its powerful  gut punch; once you get past the adrenalin, though, there are marvellous  undertones throughout.
B00000BKE1|5.0|Bruce Dickinson made the band to the gloriest period's of Iron Maiden's history and it all made the Band to achieve a good image among the lot of Heavy metal fans as one of me throughout the World. I also feel sad that  Bruce has left the band now and started working on a solo projects. Hats  off! to Bruce.
B000002579|5.0|An unbelievable journey through incredible lyrics and unsurpassed instrumental talents. A unique blend of meaningful lyrics and harmonious music. Ah, how wonderful to listen to music and be able to relate your own  self through the realms of this music. Close your eyes, put the headphones  on and &quot;Surely Heaven Waits for you&quot;
B00000K19E|4.0|Loved the movie, loved the special effects, and I even liked the DVD extras.  But what was up with the picture color?  It looked faded - kind of like the whole movie was shot under fluorescent lights. I don't remember it  looking that way in the theater, but maybe it did.<br />Still - it is a  kick-*** movie.
B000002UDD|5.0|I can't imagine anyone thinking this album is anything but five stars. I bought it the day it was originally released over ten years ago and still enjoy it immensely today. Every song is great in it's own way. Not a weak  link in the bunch, except for the &quot;Anarchy&quot; cover. This is  Megadeth at the height of their power. Get this and &quot;Peace  Sells...&quot; and you'll know why Megadeth was the best band on the planet  from 1986 to 1989.
1559408758|5.0|This is a great movie mocking the music industry. My one complaint is the DVD extras. Obviously not enough to take it down a star, but the cut scenes were for the most part cut for good reason. The only abandoned subplot I  liked was the one about Derek Smalls wife divorcing him and taking out full  page adverts about it.<br />p.s. If you check out Criterion's page they say  it's not their fault that it is out of print. They say they just lost the  rights.
0812550706|5.0|This is a fantastic book! Orson Scott Card does an excellent job in building the main characterof this tale. Ender is a character worth knowing - intelligent and compassionate, empathic and competitive. I find after a  few months or years that I miss him, and come back to read the book again.  Ender's Game and it's sequel Speaker for the Dead are my all time favorite  novels. Well done, Card!
0790729369|4.0|I can say clearly: the bridges of Madison County are ugly constructions that in my opinion not merite one solely photograph, so no wonder Meryl Streep says she goes not much by there; USA architecture is very modern  compared with Europe, but as it were, surely there are best buildings than  these.  But feelings and love history are intemporal.  Eastwood show us  that he is perhaps a rough and experienced man but that he knows some more  than only fire a handgun. Meryl Streep not needs to be a splendorous young  girl to make credible the movie. Love is for all ages, as bridges  everywhere, and I think this film is not perhaps excellent, but it  approaches.
B000002UB6|2.0|Let it Be was supposed to be \\"A New Phase Beatles Album\\", according to the liner notes. It was going to be the Beatles most experimental album, it would have shown the way the band molded their songs, their comments, their joking around. It was to be a true live album, every instrument and vocal recoreded at the same time, no mixing whatsoever. <br />But big bad Alan Klein(Rolling Stones Manager), who got his claws on the band he always wanted for himself, just didn't think this was such a good idea.So he hired Phil Spector, to make this in to a tidy accesible souless pop garbage dreck. Add strings, a snip here, snip there. Just listen to the schmarmy strings in Long and Winding Road. Thats not supposed to be there people! And Dig It is severly edited.The full version is great. Don't know why the butchery?<br />The whole damn album sounds mechanical. Fake. No wonder Paul hates this album. Spector destroyed the true concept of the album: A live recording! Only thing that saves it is the music and lyrics. I happen to have a bootleg CD of the way this album was intended to be. Its called.\\" Get Back\\"(that's what Let it Be was originally going to be called. Its crude, sloppy, barbaric, simply wonderful. And even better, Paul and John talk all over their songs. Not everything has to be a clean tidy accesible production.
0790745399|5.0|This is the best and coolest movie ever made. When it first came out I went to see it three times and would have gone back for more if I had the time. Now that it's out on video, I've been watching non-stop! The special  effects are the best I've ever seen and Keanu Reeves.....well, what can I  say, he rocks big time. Despite past efforts to get him to come back for  sequels, I truly hope that they can get him to come back for the sequel of  &quot;The Matix&quot;.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I believe that ON THE SIX was a good CD. I come from a musical family, and there is always music on. I love this CD and happen to know that a whole ton of my friends enjoy it. Admittedly, there are songs on the CD that I  believe are not as well as others. Overall, it is a FANTASTIC CD. I am  sorry some of you may not like it, but I personally LOVE it. I recommend it  to ALL my friends. My friend's mom is not a fan of the new artists out  there, like LFO and others, but when she heard this CD, she exclaimed,  &quot;WOW! this is a wonderful artist!&quot; She even started dancing!! I  leave it to you to judge it. I have heard MANY songs and types of music. I  heard this (and saw the video) and knew I had to get it!! Many of my  friends and people I know are scrambling to get it on their birthday and  christmas lists. Please give it a try. She obviously worked hard on this  and put a lot of effort and time into it. It turned out to be a beautiful  piece of work/music. Listen to it and give it a try. Relax and enjoy!:)
0553108034|1.0|This writer really knows how to write! The book has all the elements of a good story, however, it is depressing to read.  This reminds me of a good architect designing and building a fine structure as grand as the Stark's  Winterfel, which people admire, but upon looking closer, the building  blocks are made of compressed garbage. For all its fine design and  craftsmanship, after awhile, it starts to stink.    I would plead with the  author to use his considerable talent to make something uplifting, maybe  even inspiring. There are sources. In real life there are heroes who are  good (not perfect), and smart and flexible and selfless. Love and sacrifice  are as good for a story as lust and vengance!!!
6303011012|5.0|I have seen Yanni many times in concert and never the same emotions.  You will not find a more talanted composer of our time.  History will find Yanni with Mozart, Beethoven, Tchaikovsky,and Strauss. Seamless, powerful,  natural, inspiring melodies. All of his work you will find will quickly  become your favorites.  GO SEE HIM IN LIVE PERFORMANCE!
0812589041|5.0|I enjoy reading books.  Usually, I stick to my favorites:  Conrad, Conan Doyle, Dickens, but I've had Ender's Game recommended so often that I felt I'd do myself a disservice by not reading it.  Science Fiction has failed  to hold my interest in the past; I'm no Trekie!  Despite my self-limited  exposure to SciFi, I feel that Ender's Game rises above the traditional  plot construction and cast of characters found in that genre.  Card does a  thorough and equally entertaining job of opening the life and mind of the  hero, Ender Wiggin, to the reader.  Ender's emotional trials and growth are  unique to his extraordinary life circumstances, but somehow they are at the  same time believable for those of us who have never had the fate of mankind  on our shoulders.  In light of this acheivement, I can forgive Card any  lack of development in the secondary characters.  For me the tale of young  Ender's genius was enough to keep the pages turning.  Now it's my turn to  recommend this book to others as it was to me.
B00000AFHM|5.0|Why it sat on my shelf for so long, I don't know.  Initially, it felt too simple, too primitive.  Then hours after a listen that I had hardly paid attention too, I found myself humming the incredibly addictive melodies.   Now, having just listened to a fresh copy of REM's masterpiece Murmur, I  find the comparison apt.  An album full of little songs that gain strength  and lean on each other to build an astonishingly impressive structure, as  simply framed as a dome, and as difficult to knock down.  Are you going to  agree with all of the 5-star reviews here, or with all of the 1-star  reviews? There's only one way to find out, but if you do buy it, give it  the time that I didn't, and you may just find your favorite album of quite  some time.
6300184080|5.0|I've seen this movie about 100 times &amp; still gets better each time
6305546797|5.0|Of all the so called thriller movies,Halloween (78)Is the one movie that is a must have for any serious movie collection.I got my copy one month before Halloween.(9-15-99). I put it in the player but stopped it about  five minutes in.I am going to save this jewel for the weekend of october  31,99. I can not think of a better way to spend Halloween. It is one of the  best movies ever.
B0000028RR|5.0|killing in the name is the truth of the catholic churc
0783226063|2.0|Unfortunately, this DVD has been edited beyond belief.  Many scenes have been cut out.  I verified this by watching the full version on TV! I was extremely dissapointed.
068484267X|5.0|i read this &amp; seamus deane's reading in the dark simultaneously for a book group. both were wonderful.
B00000348D|5.0|For lovers of avante jazz and musicians in the genre ... this is it's rosetta stone.  For jazz historians ... well ... why do think &quot;free jazz&quot; is called such.  The truth is, it's hard to feel impartial to  this work.  You either love it or absolutely hate it and there is no in  between.  I have to recommend atleast listening to this album once in yur  life, it will certainly change the way you think of music.  I highly  reccomend it to fans of John Zorn and the current &quot;downtown&quot;  scene and if you don't have it, pick up Eric Dolphy's &quot;Out To  Lunch&quot;.  While this album lacks harmonic restraint, Dolphy uses  harmonies that were never used in jazz and composers have been hard pressed  to use again.  Both are worthy selections in any music collection.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is some serious metal. It isn't like Korn or Limp Bizkit it just kicks *ss. Buying this cd will be the best thing you have ever done in your life!
0780626966|5.0|This nightmare package is the best series of movies on DVD out there .  It contains any type of extra a nightmare fan could dream of.  Anything from trailers to interviews,music videos(like dream warriors-a great song)  documentaries, commentary and much so much, much more.  And of course the  first thing you probably notice when you put one of the discs in is the  superior picture and sound that have been remastered.  They almost look  like brand new movies. One other neat thing in this set is the labyrinth,  an interactive trip around springwood.  Here you can unlock doors find  clues, and solve varoious things.Youll find  behind the scenes footage and  much more.   Another great thing is that all are in widescreen! - One of  the best things about this package.  For the first time you get to see all  7 films in thier original aspect the way they were intended!  Not that full  screen junk.  The commentary is great- very informative and interesting  from Craven and others.  Another great thing is the original 3D end  sequence for freddys Dead the Final Nightmare with 2 pairs of 3D glasses  included! You can't get much better than that!  To me this is a Elm street  fans dream.  Anyone who has a DVD player and is a fan of the series should  buy this set without any hesitation.  It is packed with so many extra  features its unbelievable.  This truly is a Nightmare fans dream come  true...
B000001ESJ|5.0|This a great cd. Especially A farewell to kings, xanadu, and closer to the heart...Rush doesn't get any better than these tunes. Enough said
B000002H4Q|5.0|Maybe it is simply because i'm absolutely obsessed with The Cure, and I would have to say that all of their albums are wonderful. However this one is quite stunning and find it most enjoyable. It has great songs. It is one  of my personal favs. and I suggest you take that in high regards  considering that if anyone knows The Cure it would be me, and this album is  a must have. Curely yours.... Kristina...
B000002579|5.0|I've had a copy of this since it came out in 76..Iwas 9 years old then. It's always been in my top 10 favorites. enough said
0425170349|3.0|Ahh, too predictable, too many &quot;coincidences&quot;, not enough realism. What are the chances that the worlds best counterterrorism team is going to be on the same 1 in a billion airplane that gets highjacked?  The  &quot;professionals&quot; make stupid, ametuer mistakes constantly!  Not up  to pre-clancy greatness.  The plot was VERY anticlimactic.  The end was  very drawn out, instead of the action packed, last chapter punch, with a  one page post-logue like most of clancy's other works.  I love clany's  other books, and Red Storm Rising is my all time favorite book, ever.  Go  buy Red Storm Rising!!! p.s.-  The PC Game &quot;Rainbow Six&quot;, and its  sequal game, &quot;Rouge Spear&quot;, are the best games ever made, these i  HIGHLY recommend.  You will not regret it!!!!!!!!!
068484267X|5.0|I am only half way through Angela's Ashes and have felt as though I am walking through an emotional war.  Some events are so heartbreakingly sad and some events such as First Communion with God stuck on the roof of his  mouth had me laughing out loud. Incredible book.
0671027344|5.0|I disagree with the the reviews that say this book is not what a real teenager thinks and they go into to much detail on certain parts. This teenager is from the EARLY 90s so all of the little 13 year olds going  &quot;this is not like me&quot;, that would be because you have been babied  and spoiled! How would you know what being a teenager was like back when  you were 4? i am an older teenager and think that this book is a true  masterpiece. And for those of you that are complaing about the sex in this  book, What are you? Catholic school children? about every book you will  read in life will have sex or vulgure language in it. So If you want to be  a sheltered little baby, my recomendation is DON'T EVER READ ANYTHING  AGAIN.
B00000JGOH|4.0|Just a fabliau. But in our times, we need sometimes to go beyond the reality, beyond the history. I liked the film. It's a film that aims at charming, not at convincing.
6305212139|5.0|This video is great. I mean all the dance moves are great the singing. I couldn't ask for more it is so cool. I would reccomend it to everyone that would want to buy it. All the Spice Girls are great in the video. They have  great cloths great voiced and they dance like a night at the club. The  beginning of the video &quot;BACK IN BRITIN&quot; is so cool I mean they  tell you every thing I never new that Victoria had the biggest mobil phone  bill......
B00000J7RZ|3.0|I didn't expect anything groundbreaking when I bought this CD, but for what it is, it's actually pretty good. She's certainly better than those neophytes, Brittney and Christina, but she's still no Madonna.
6301016874|5.0|This was a wonderful film, I wish I had discovered it earlier.  The cinematography was superb, as was the score, and especially the performance of Jeremy Irons.  He portrayed the missionary with such kindness and  elegance that he would have had no difficulty converting me to anything!!I  was pleasantly surprized to see Liam N. in a small role.  My only criticism  is the performance of DeNiro, which I feel distracts the viewer from the  essential flow of this fine film.
0780625129|5.0|I did many movie critiquing classes in college, but I'm not going to give you a Roger Ebert review.  All I'll say is this:  you must see this movie.  It is probably the hardest hitting and most truthful movie you will ever  see about the &quot;other&quot; side of racism.  Believe it or not, racism  does go both ways, and it takes two to tango.  Edward Norton was robbed  when he didn't receive the oscar for best actor.  See it, you will not be  sorry!
B000001EAQ|5.0|Rolling Stone reviewed this album well, applauded it, and missed the point. Which seems to be Bono's point - and Edge's, who helped write the lyrics. As U2 created a new way for them to be U2, (though not a radically  new sound), lost in the translation was the ALBUM'S THEME AS A HERALD OF  THE APOCALYPSE. 'Discothque'takes up where Zooropa left off, and shows  Barry Gibb's influence on the Edge. Then, through the all-right 'Mofo,' we  slowly enter the truth. 'Last Night on Earth' continues the two tracks that  just proceed it: the world is going to Hell, and we're waiting for the  Rapture. 'Gone' has it happening; then tracks 8 thru 11 detail the joy of  sinners left behind, joys that fray at the edges at the end of 'Please.'  Then: 'Wake Up, Dead Man' is a plea to Jesus, while cries of the damned  echo in the background. People who listened to the lyrics understood why  the music was as it was: part disguise for the message, and part  description of the world soon to end. Taken as such, Pop is a brilliant  statement equal to the best done by Roger Waters, master of the concept  album. What amazes me is how VERY FEW PEOPLE HAVE FIGURED THIS OUT!
B000002ADT|5.0|If you could only own one record in your life, this would be it.<br />The contrarian in me would say, upon reading all these blissed-out reviews including my own, that Kind of Blue must be one of those vastly overhyped,  puffed up faux masterpieces that our culture is so good at cranking out and  then deservedly forgetting as soon as the next Big Mac rolls off the  assembly line.<br />But, every now and then, someone retrieves a bit of the  sun and hands it to us. I recall driving along I-40 in Arizona 15 years ago  as I approached the exit for the Grand Canyon. Something in me said, oh  what the hell I'll drive over and see it and be back on the road in a  jiffy. &quot;Grand,&quot; huh? Yeah, right.<br />Well, I got there and  wandered around speechless for a few hours, the hair on my neck standing  up, scolding myself for ever having been so cynical. How could I possibly  have doubted something like this, I wondered.<br />Kind of Blue is a similar  mounument. It stands with the world's greatest music, literature,  architecture and even the natural wonders. Like that hole out in Arizona,  it is too grand, too complex, too sublime to ever really be adequately  described or appreciated.<br />I'd recommend to any newcomers who want to  progress beyond this record to simply go out and buy recordings not only by  Miles himself, but by others in the group that made Kind of Blue. All of  the &quot;sidemen&quot; on this record were titans in their own right.<br />Everyone's got their favorites, and mine is Bill Evans. I especially  love &quot;Trio '65.&quot; First though, you need to have Kind of Blue. All  roads in jazz begin and end there.<br />One last thing: you don't have to  know or like jazz to fall in love with this record. It's a masterpiece that  needs no introduction or explanation. Reviews like this one are ants next  to a giant ... the music says it all.
0451169514|5.0|This is probably the best horror novel I have read for one simple reason - it MOVED me.  It not only gave me many good scares but I actually found myself getting emotional towards the end.  It's subtle sub-themes on  friendship and childhood are what make the book work, and the horrifying  clown doesn't hurt either!
B000002552|5.0|&quot;Basement Tapes&quot; is a great record. They pulled off somethingthat's really tough to do. They made something in an ageless, classic Americanastyle without being stilted or hemmed in by the conventions they loosely adopted. To me, this is Bob Dylan at his very peak, having shucked off that Greenwich Village psychoanalytical dross and plumbed the depths of the bayous and blues joints where he always wanted to be. He and the Band somehow got to some mystical place in these recordings never achieved before or since by either group together or separately.<br />This record is a raw, emotional roller coaster executed through a series of deceptively simple, melodic tunes. The fact that it was digitally &quot;cleaned up&quot; is a good thing, not a bad thing, in my opinion. It is much more listenable that the bootlegs (some of which I have), yet it doesn't lose an iota of their spirit.<br />If the 5-record set is every issued, I'll surely buy it, but the lack of the complete version shouldn't keep anyone away from this one. This is a fabulous record, one of the best five in my collection. If someone said, what's American music about, this is one of my answers. If Dylan has made only this record, he'd have been a rousing success as an artist.
0684800713|5.0|&quot;The Sun also Rises&quot; made a huge impression on me when I read it as a college student a number of years ago.  It is true that one must look beyond the surface to get a clear understanding of any book by Hemingway.   It is also true that the language that he used was not flowery, nor overly  eloquent but the meaning revealed within the lines.  It is also true that  the characters are often expatriates; living on the fringe of society and  hedonistic to the max.  All of those elements are visible here, yet  sometimes it might require a magnifying glass to see it.  However, these  are the qualities which make Ernest Hemingway, the seminal writer for a  generation and certainly one of the best.<br />     I propose one hint when  reading &quot;the Sun also Rises.&quot;  Pay close attention to the  relationship between Barnes and Robert Cohn.  Barnes laothes Cohn for being  everything that he is not.  What drives him over the edge (in the inner  sanctum of his own mind and demons) is the success Cohn has insofar as his  relationship with Lady Brett.  Barnes is impotent and this is a crushing  blow to his manhood.  The tragedy here is his inability to consummate a  sexual relationship with her.  It destroys him--yet he is still accepting  of his predicament.  This is what allows this character to maintain  &quot;grace under pressure&quot;-- as Hemingway once coined the  term or  the ability to stand or hold ones ground when all odds are against you.   Certainly this can be a tragic flaw for any of Hemingway's male  characters--the total loss of his virility.  Yet he stands his ground and  never loses it.  He just hates Cohn from a distance and rationalizes that  he (Cohn) is one who cannot do anything just for the sake of doing  it---whether it be drinking, winning the Princeton boxing title, or being  in love with Brett.  It is complicated but one can come away with these  qualities after finishing the novel rather than while reading it.<br />     I  think his friend and sometimes rival, F. Scott Fitzgerald, summed him up  best when he said of Hemingway: &quot;He's the real thing.&quot;
B00000K19E|4.0|It was a great movie, although there was some minor inconsistencies.  Special effects were great, and Keanu could not screw up this movie if he tried!
0790745399|5.0|Once having seen a great film, I will watch it again, to see what flaws I can spot in its casting, acting, script, direction, the believability and appropriateness of use of special effects, staging, coloring, costuming,  ingenuity, reference to other cinematic works of art, etc. <br />This movie  not only has a plot that makes me wonder if we are not already in a Matrix  by a different name, but it offers a rare cinematic sustenance last seen in  the first and second Star Wars: philosophy and morality impelled forward by  superhuman action and consequence. <br />I have seen this film, in the  theater, 10 times. It is pure genius, &quot;virtually&quot; flawless, and  what &quot;flaws&quot; you find are the directors' intentional reminders of  the importance of being human. &quot;The Oracle&quot; will back me up on  this. :^) <br />Bravissimo to the new W. Brothers! I can hardly wait for  future product!<br />George Lucas, it's time to wake up. The Matrix has you!  <br />Dan Jordan
0393317552|4.0|Jared Diamond has produced a wonderful synthesis from a wide variety of sources to create this fine book.  However, it lacks the &quot;a-ha&quot; moment.  There is very little in this book that will surprise the  reasonably erudite reader.  And for those who actually believe that the  last 500 years of history are testament to the inherent superiority of  Western Europeans, It is unlikely that they will read this or any other  book requiring more than a rudimentary education.What especially concerns  me is the future of this book in a world of literalist Biblical  interpretation, to which we seem to be headed in some parts of this  country.  Where is the place for descriptions of population movements  100,000 years ago when we are taught the universe is only 10,000 (or 6,000  to some) years old?  How can one describe Ice Ages and their hindrance on  human movement and not Noah's flood?  How can one trace the spread of  languages without mentioning the Tower of Babel?  None of these questions  poses a problem unless one insists on the literal truth of Genesis.   Unfortunately, many of us do.In the upcoming world order of the Kansas  School Board, &quot;Guns, Germs, and Steel&quot; will be burned at the  stake, unless we are ready to act.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis Morissette is a talented artist. Her music and lyrics are beautiful.
0385486804|2.0|I bought &quot;Into The Wild&quot; after struggling with &quot;Into Thin Air&quot;.  The story of Chris McCandless in  &quot;Into The Wild&quot; didn't have enough substance to fill a book.  Then, as if to fill in the  huge gaps, the author gives us an account of his own hiking stories like  that would interest anyone other than himself.  I would have felt that  buying  both of the books was a waste of money.  I redeemed myself by  giving them both to my boss asking him not to return them.  I also think  the  practice of taking a paperback, making it taller and wider than most  paperbacks and charging double is highway robbery.
B000002LCI|3.0|I've become a fan of DM recently upon hearing both Violator and Catching Up.  Since then I've bought several albums and barring Songs of Faith and Devotion and their early albums (except Speak &amp; Spell and People are  People), which I have not heard, I would have to say that this one is my  least favorite so far.  The best tracks are Never Let Me Down, Behind the  Wheel and Pimpf, but the rest don't really stand out.  Wheras albums like  Speak and Spell, Violator, and Ultra have sevaral standout singles and  should have been singles, DMs middle period of Black Celebration and Music  for the Masses produced more mediocrity than any other time in the band's  history.  This album is worth it for current DM fans, but new ones should  start elsewhere, either with Violator or at the band's beginning with Speak  and Spell.  I did like the atmospheric &quot;Agent Orange&quot; that  appears on the CD release, though.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|I already own the VHS version and love it.  It's the best wild west adventure to come out of the Davy Crockett and Daniel Boone era.  The story is truly exciting with authenic storylines of love, revenge and edge of the  seat action during the French and Indian War.  The VHS soundtrack is one of  the best I've ever heard and I'm hoping the DVD will be even better.  I've  been waiting for this DVD to come out since I first watched the VHS  edition.  This is one of those movies that seems to end too fast.  It's so  good you'll wish it would go on for a few more hours.  You'll want to watch  it and hear it again and again.
B00000K19E|5.0|Quickly go &amp; see this movie, even if you don't see it first, you should buy it.  It is a great movie, you will like it even if your not a sci-fi movie person.
6305265666|4.0|I have to say I've enjoyed the film every time I've seen it. The story is sweet, the acting is fun and the humor is appropriate and doesn't detract from the characters. But the DVD doesn't have any extras about the making  of this wonderful film, or even the different incarnations of the  Cinderella legend, which is so common to so many cultures!<br /><br />I wish that  the producers had taken the time to create a DVD with lots of fun extras to  match the extra work they obviously put into the film itself. The  letterboxing, thank goodness, really lets you see every inch of the  gorgeous settings and the action in every scene. Thanks for that, at least,  and none of that awful \\"pan and scan\\" that chops up images...  yuck.  This is a lovely movie and I enjoy having this DVD handy when I need a quick fix of romance and fun.
B000002UBU|5.0|Hard to believe it's been more than 35 years since we were all refraining, \\"Bye, bye Miss American Pie\\", but it has been. And this album has stood the test of time. Many folks who buy this album strictly for Pie may be surprised to find it's not the best song in the collection. \\"Crossroads\\", \\"Winterwood\\", \\"Empty Chairs\\", and \\"'Til Tomorrow\\" are oustanding pieces to go along with \\"Vincent\\". McLean's sharp writing and clear voice were never better than on this album. Also worth a try are his self-titled sequal as well as \\"Playin' Favorites\\", \\"Chain Lightning\\", and \\"For the Memories\\". Good stuff!
0800187792|4.0|This film tells of a wonderful story, and it is beautifully filmed. I enjoyed it very much, but wished that a brief scene or two had been reconsidered by the director. In particular, I did not like it when the  game warden was about to clip a wing of a gosling, and the daughter just  goes &quot;ballistic,&quot; bonking him on the head with a pot or some such  object, then screaming bloody murder.  How does her father respond?  He  roughs the guy up ,then throws him out of the house.  Later in the film, we  are given a scene that intentionally paints the U.S. airforce as  &quot;over-reacting&quot; to the imagined &quot;threat&quot; of the father  and daughter flying the geese home. Seems the father over-reacted, too.   Hope parents take the time to tell their kids that, no matter how &quot;in  the right&quot; you may feel about something, you don't get violent to make  your points.
B000003CUJ|5.0|This CD is a true gem.  I was never a true Wagner fan.  I usually prefer the light chamber music over Wagner's heavy music.  However, after listening to this CD, I find that there is much beauty in large works.  I  strong recommend this CD for those who do not like opera, but still love  the music.  Without any sang texts, this CD offers the pure orchestral  moods of the Ring.  (Don't get me wrong.  I love the vocal aspects of the  Ring as well.  It is an essential element to the Ring).  It is simply  great.  This CD is also more inclusive in its selections of the opera than  other &quot;wordless&quot; versions of the Ring out there.  Besides, the  Berlin Philharmonic is simply great.  Even without the legendary Herbert  von Karajan, it is still an impressive ensemble.  Definitely check this CD  out!
B000002C1Z|5.0|animals is one of pink floyds less kown albums but I dont know why , its almost perfect , it has great lyrics , great guitar , great bass , great everything and it rocks , go buy it right now
B00000K19E|1.0|The morons that produced this hack of a title has chosen to infect it with more unplayable bugs, that it's blowing up on MANY DVD players including Pioneer, Samsung, GE, Phillips, Toshiba and many others.<br />Perhaps someday  they'll decide that this is a movie format and not some excuse to  over-trick out someone's player into the trashpile. Until then the format  is dodgey at best. And now? It's unplayable - a nice bookend of a release  awaiting an upgrade to my DVD player as dictated by some production nerds  at Warner Brothers.<br />frigging joy!
630027179X|5.0|I first saw this movie in the theatres; when it ended, the audience was silent.  No one left their seats for several minutes.  Seeing Excalibur on a television doesn't give it justice, but it's better than nothing!  This  is one of my 2 favorite movies of all times.  I've always loved the Arthur  legend, and I can't imagine a more beautiful rendition of the story.  I  especially loved the music, the costumes, the quirky acting.  The battle  scenese were appropriately gory, the love scenes very sensuous.  My  favorite character was Merlin - he was so wise and funny too!  Helen Mirren  was also so beautiful, powerful and evil!  I've seen this movie so many  times, and never get tired of it.  That's my personal test of a great  movie.  anyway, I hope anyone who hasn't seen it gives it a try, and simply  sits back to take it all in.  Analyzing it will just be a waste.
6305609691|5.0|We all know how important Apocalypse Now is to the history of film, a true masterpiece...But what's the scoop on this DVD? How can you release this classic on DVD and not include one of the greatest documentaries ever made,  Hearts of Darkness? While this is movie is great, I think I'll wait for a  future DVD that doesn't omit the making of documentary...It's just too  valuable a piece not to be included!
B0000009UX|5.0|this album albsolutely blows my mind every time i play it.  it's hard to believe that this stuff came out of a mere mortal's head.  i need to stop typing now because i'm getting all hot and bothered....
0380973634|5.0|This book is my favorite book. I have read it FOUR times now and I never get tired about reading about Richard and Door. I highly recomend it for anyone who is interested in sci-fi/fantasy.
0425170349|2.0|This is probably one of Clancy's worst novels.  The plot is good but it is completely given away far too early.  Add the relentlessly repetitive nature of what goes through each characters mind and I was tempted now and  then to pass a few pages and find a place where the story would resume.   The main characters long-winded thoughts about surviving in the &quot;new  world order&quot; left me wondering if Clancy himself is going through a  similar crisis.  It seems to me that this fine novelist is going for the  easy money this time.
0783227434|4.0|This is a bizarre movie that only people with a sense of humor and a liking for the macabre will love. It has funny scenes and dialogue, as well as some very grim moments. The finale is long and exciting.
B000001EL3|4.0|like just about every kid who grew up in the late 70s, i was a serious KISS freak -- i had absolutely every record they released.  they sure sounded great at the time, but, let's face it: they haven't aged well.   DESTROYER is the exception -- it still holds up after all these years.  it  still sounds fresh and exciting to my ears and it makes me feel like i'm  ten years old again.  i know this is probably the corniest review in  Amazon.com's history, but i hope i'm making my point....
0790738147|5.0|Poor Hollywood. The only reason this grand cinematic masterpiece didn't win best picture was because Hollywood couldn't bear admitting acceptance of its portrayal in the movie. Or even worse, that two spectacular  up-and-coming Aussies could steal the pic away from any of the more  established players. My only regret is that I knew about the talents of  Russell Crowe coming into the movie, even though I was still blown away by  his performance.
6305127638|5.0|This is the best!  It has a clever plot with all of the Next Generation gadgets, as well as new and more clever ones.  It gives a never-before-seen view of the Borg.
B000002C1X|4.0|Un gran disco, que vale la pena tener.Una obra conceptual (como todas las de Waters), que trata un montn de problemas tanto sociales como del Show Bussiness desde la ptica de una estrella de rock.Unas letras  impresionantes y un mensaje mejor an acompaadas por msica consistente y  en algunos puntos simplemente genial como en las obras maestras clsicas  como &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Young Lust&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;,  &quot;Run like Hell&quot; y sobre todo, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;.Ms  all de su calidad, que es algo totalmente subjetivo, hay que tener en  cuenta un hecho que no altera el atractivo del disco, no lo hace mejor pero  probablemente ms seductor, y nos da una idea de lo que ha significado  histricamente: el hecho de que esta obra (disco ms pelcula) se ha  convertido en una objeto de culto, en uno de esas obras enormes a los que  todo el mundo reconoce como clsicos influyentes en la historia de la  msica, con referencias hasta en captulos de los Simpsons.Porque no cinco  estrellas?,  la msica a veces se pierde dejando paso al mensaje; queda la  sensacin de que Waters desaprovecha el talento de Gilmour (esta era su  visin personal, pero tambin cuestin de ego indudablemente), las tres  canciones en las que Gilmour participa componiendo son de lo mejor del  album; y es injusto que un disco que tiene algunos puntos realmente bajos  (que los tiene, probablemente por su larga extensin, cosa que facilita la  irregularidad ) tenga la misma calificacin de &quot;Wish you were  here&quot;, el mejor disco de Pink Floyd, que es un disco practicamente  perfecto.
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix is a movie that keeps you in awe everytime you see it. A must have for your DVD library, should be a reference DVD for home theater buffs. The effects are jaw dropping. The fight scenes are some of the best  ever made! Better than Jet Li's fight scenes in Lethal Weapon 4 but not  quite Enter the Dragon material. Bottom line, A must have DVD!
B000000WF0|5.0|This cd has stayed in my car since the first week of its release.  I never get bored of it.  Weeping Willow is a masterpiece.  It is a shame alternative radio didn't really play much after BitterSweet.  This album  ranks up their with my top five albums of all time.  Buy this album.  Turn  it up.  Listening to the samples does not do justice.
B000002H2H|5.0|Ride the lighning is by far the greatest metallica album ever, bone crushing rhythmns and breathtaking riffs and unlike some of the early metallica albums it has really good lyrics. Hetfield shines as does Burton.  This is a metaller's must, and hey if you don't like the music, which is  doubtful, it has a really cool looking cover too.
B000002C1W|3.0|Vale la pena a pesar de flaquezas.Pink Floyd pasa de un disco solista de Waters con el nombre Pink Floyd en la tapa (&quot;The Final Cut&quot;) a todo lo contrario: un disco solista de Gilmour bajo el nombre de Pink  Floyd.Esto puede ser chocante si uno escucha los discos de Pink Floyd en  forma cronolgica, pero a la larga uno se acostumbra; aunque hay que tener  en cuenta que este trabajo, a diferencia del resto de los albumes de Pink  Floyd, se puede dividir perfectamente entre letras y msica.<br />Gilmour  evidentemente no tiene la habilidad para escribir letras que tiene Waters  (hay que observar que en la mitad del disco las letras fueron co-escritas  con msicos de sesin y colaboradores).No hay un hilo conductor en el  disco, y hay una que da realmente verguenza &quot;The Dogs of War&quot;,  escrita por Gilmour y Anthony Moore es una lamentable imitacin de  &quot;queja social&quot; que escribira Waters.Hay algunas otras que sin  ser excelentes, tienen su gancho como &quot;Sorrow&quot;. Musicalmente el  disco satisface, con las unicas excepciones de &quot;The Dogs of War&quot;  y el extrao experimento &quot;A new Machine&quot; (que muestra  potencial...desaprovechado ).Canciones como &quot;On the turning  away&quot;, &quot;Sorrow&quot; y &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; se pueden  catalogar de excelentes.Las instrumentales &quot;Signs of life&quot; y  &quot;Terminal Frost&quot; son muy buenas, y el resto son canciones que no  maravillan pero son agradables para escuchar y uno no las saltea.<br />En  resumen, una msica de promedio para arriba compensa unas letras de  promedio para abajo.Picos altos y altsimos compensan los bajos y bajsimos  para constituir un album promedio: 3 estrellas.Esto quiere decir que vale  la pena tenerlo, excepto si no sos fan de Pink Floyd, o sos de esos  testarudos que penss que la banda era Waters y tres tipos ms.
B0000024SI|5.0|Arguably the greatest rock n roll album ever made. The rhythms are super tight, energetic, and tension filled. Not only does it have like a rolling stone on it but the other 8 songs are classcis to. And I just love how  Dylan is Socially commentary on this album and getting away with it. And  the album cover knocks me out with that psychedelic shirt and that  rebelious grin on his face. This album helped changed the face of rock n  roll forever and all the doors were open to sing about anything your heart  desires. Best of all Dylan showed he could rock n roll with the best of  them.
0780626966|5.0|its even scarier than eve
B000001BZT|3.0|Look; the critics know what Steve was goin through at the time. I know one thing ... My kids sing along to every song on that CD,and they as well as I love the music! Look Steve has  had demons to calm but don't we all? What  he went through was all his and I'll give u mine ! Steve dosen't write for  critics who'll be un heard of long before his music has past!
0399128964|5.0|Frank Herbert (author of the DUNE series) must of been a literary SF genius or a lone freak of  nature because I have not been able to find a book/author that comes within light years of him.   And DUNE was written in  1965!!<br />You think SF authors would be required to meet or at least come  close to Frank Herbert's  quality in order to be considered for publishing!     What happened to pride of workmanship?<br />Frank Herbert is the best. READ  ALL HIS BOOKS. You won't find any finer.
B000002KHF|5.0|Awesome album and side 1 is the best side 1 of an album I have ever heard. 5 classic songs. I sometimes forget their is a side 2 to this album. The melodies, Singing, and piano arrangements on this album our great. The  songs grab you emotionally and won't let you go. This is a classic and a  must listen to album. Thanks Van.
B00000729S|5.0|The Monks are one of the most original bands ever and eclipsed their tradition.  the 12 original songs on the cd are excellent.
0790729687|5.0|I have seen this movie at least 15 times. I love it. The characters are so realistic. Throughout the movie, you feel that you know the characters. You feel sorry for Lestat at the end and you feel happy that Louis has found  peace with himself. The acting is terrific, and so is the dialouge. Doesn't  follow the book perfectly, but still a great movie that everyone should  own.
B000002UDV|5.0|A classic album with awesome harmonies and great melodies. Beach boys proove here they are more than just a surf music band here. This is one of the best albums I have ever heard. Mccartney says it is his favourite  album.
0448060191|5.0|I'm not usually the type of person who likes to read, but when I started reading &quot;Little Women&quot;, I could not stop.  I read for hours a day, often with a flashlight in the middle of the night.  I cryed when they  cryed, and laughed when they laughed.  I felt as if the March sisters were  my own, and Marmee was my second mother.  As I read, I would loose myself  into a world filled with love, warmth, tragedy, and hope.  I have two  sisters of my own, and as I read, I realized how special they are to me.   The book inspired me to be a better person.  I recomend this book to any  woman, young or old, for the chronicles of the March family are not just a  story, but a lesson in the true meaning of life;love.
B000002KAT|5.0|A classic album and of the most underated and underappreciated album of all-time. Hard to believe it was not a big seller. The muscianship is impeccable on this album and every note has meaning. THis album grabs you  emotionally and won't let you go. In fact it is not a pop album at all but  really a Jazz album and a great jazz album at that. A must album to listen  to. A real gem.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This movie has acting that is good enough to make you cry.  The content is rich and beautiful despite the ominous circumstances.  Genius storyboard.
B00000K19E|4.0|sound is pretty good.....   the commentary and special features are interesting....
B00001ZWTS|1.0|I hated this movie for 2 reasons.  One, it didn't come close to the quality of the original TV series.  Two, even without comparing this movie to the original Wild Wild West, the pace of the movie was sluggish which  made it very tedious to watch.  If you want to see a great western, go  watch the original series with Robert Conrad.
6303855466|5.0|Like the viewer in chicago, I found that once I watched the first few minutes, I was anxious to find out more about the inhabitants of the village and how they would react to the outsiders! I also smiled all the  way through this delightful movie!
B00000JZC4|1.0|This is very weak. I thought Filter was dead, and it turns out I may have been right. I'm considering bailing on the Family Values Tour after hearing this.If you loved Short Bus avoid this.
0790745399|5.0|Ever thought about why things are the way they are?  Ever thought about things that happened that weren't suppose to happen?  If you've thought about it, this movie is your answer!  This movie, is THE best movie, I have  ever seen, so far.  Technology, philosophy, and theocracy (sort of) all  rolled up into one...wow...BUY IT!
B000007WO6|3.0|I'm a true Satch fan. That's why it's hard for me to give any of his albums three stars. OK, let me explain. Some of the songs are among his best (House of Bullets, Rasberry Jam Delta, Ceremony) but some of the songs  leave you asking: What was the whole point of that? (Piece of Liquid,  Psycho Monkey, Z.Z.'s Song) I guess I'm saying it's a very uneven album  that you can't play from start to finish like you could with  &quot;Surfing&quot; or &quot;Flying&quot;. If you've never bought a  Satriani CD before, don't start with this one. But if you are a true Satch  fan like I am, you should add this one to your collection.
B000002NFM|2.0|when this album came out i listened to it a million times.  Recently i listened to it again and discovered how corny the lyrics really are.  I also discovered the music itself isnt much better then average-bad.  I  can't believe i liked this so much when it came out.  It isn't very good at  all.
1558908366|4.0|I've seen Pretty Woman twice in its theatrical release and maybe seven times on video, but when I got hold of the DVD and watched it with my family, it opened a whole new dimension of my liking to the film.  The  cause:  Garry Marshall's commentary.<br />The director's views about his  treatment of the film, behind-the-scene tidbits, and other pre-take  preparations deserve a movie of its own.  His natural wit and fluidity will  make watchers want to look at the scene just described and try to bridge  the original perception of the film with its new breadth.  He should star  in one of his films.
0790745399|5.0|This is one awesome movie. The combination of story/effects/action make for an endless thrill-ride.  But don't take my word for it...SEE IT!
0792838084|3.0|Hardcore David Lynch fans love it and say it is his best. And although I enjoy David Lynch on many levels, I wouldn't call myself a hardcore fan, and I say it's mediocre. Maybe if I'd seen it before other David Lynch  films I'd feel more strongly about it, but I saw this after Eraserhead,  Lost Highway, and Dune. Most of David Lynch's movies are full of things  that fascinate and annoy me by turns. I don't mind that the films don't  make perfect sense, and I think certain details and the way he uses details  are quite brilliant. But in most of his films I get to a point where it's  not very intriguing or rewarding anymore, and it's more just ... watching  David Lynch try to be REALLY REALLY weird. The subtlety of the strangeness,  which I enjoy, tends to give over to abrasive, unsatisfying chaos and a  much sloppier artistic aesthetic. If it were done the right way I might not  mind, but oftentimes, such as in Blue Velvet, it just seems masturbatory.
B00000I9MK|5.0|Here's the deal kiddos.  This is one of the best albums I own and I own nearly three hundred.  As for the naysayers who think that the lead singers voice is offkey and that the people can't play their instruments very well:  that's why it is so beautiful! That's the point.  The disjointment and off  key melodies are brought together in just the right assortment to make it  near perfection.  I think I'll just use all my other cd's as coasters for  the lemonade that i drink when i listen to this one and other belle and  sebastian cd's.
6305627401|5.0|This movie is a lot like the tv show except raunchier, If you do not like the shwo you'll hate this. The whole movie is about banning a Terrence &amp; Philip movie for being too &quot;crude&quot; when in reality that's  the main reason for this movie's existence, to pretty much give the finger  to censorship. If you don't mind very raunchy and crude humor then get  this!!!
B000002BUY|5.0|In this country, only the commercial stuff (like Korn and Limp Bizkit)are possibble to find. But long time ago, i heard a song for this group... &quot;take me to your leader&quot; and i thought it was great. Now, with  the discovering of Amazon. com i inmediately Bought it. I have to say that  this is really music, and great music. the singer is really that (a  singer)and the guitar riffs and the drums, the lyrics, the melodies, the  scratches, i mean, everything is great made. I think the next time you  stand in front of a cd Shop to buy a CD, ask yourself: &quot;Do i want to  buy everybody-music or do i want to buy REALLY Music?&quot;. <br />    Enjoy  Incubus!!!
B00000JCB2|5.0|The album is so awesome!  Everyone in the group has highlighted parts.  If you though the first album was great, this one will blow your mind!  The songs are great!  Especially Nookie
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the movie of 1999 and the also The new special effects standard. Forget the Phantom Menace-The sequel to The Matrix is the MOST anticipated sequel in movie history and it will deliver unlike MENACE!. The documentry  &quot;bullet time&quot; is one of My favorite features of the dvd, showing  You how They did those incrediable special effects. Big thanks to The  Wachowski Brothers-You are forever on My cool list!
0800105141|1.0|There is a difference between respecting Gandhi, and appreciating the merits of a film that portrays Gandhi. Keeping in mind that this film was sponsored by the government of India, we should take the cinematic facts  with a grain of salt. The movie does not address at all the sense of  insecurity of muslims in India, which was a great regret for Gandhi, and  which culminated into overwhelming support for partition. Also, it is  deplorable the way muslim leaders are portraited. Suhrawardy, the  charishmaatic leader of Bengal was shown as a gangster, initiating the  Calcutta riot in 1946, and coming to Gandhi with hat in hand as if asking  for forgiveness. He was the one who tried with Satyen Bose to keep the  country (Bengal) intact when congress leaders supported partition.<br />This  film is full of other historical inaccuracies and a good prpaganda for  Indian government riding on Gandhi's popularity all over the world.
0425170349|5.0|Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six goes into the detail of all the terrorist plans.  He doesn't leave out any minor things that could affect a mission, yet he pulls it off to make the good guys win again.  I highly recommend this  book.
B000002SE0|5.0|Nilsson in a role made for her. Corelli at his best -- which is saying a lot.  Not just a brilliant representation of what might be the last &quot;golden age of singing,&quot; it is also simply a superb performance  of one of Puccini's finest operas; one that is even liked by people who do  not like Puccini.   Well worth the purchase.
0783221487|5.0|From the first time I saw it I thought it was a masterpiece.  I understood it from the start and I hadn't even read the book yet.  I was in my teens at the time and now I am 29.  I am on the fifth book now and I can say that  Frank Herbert was a genius.  David Lynch obviously couldn't have made the  movie tried and true to the book.  The movie would have been an epic.   &quot;Plans within plans.&quot;  It would have been enjoyable but the  mystery that Lynch leaves for us and the necessary modifications to the  story he includes in this one is perfect.  When people don't like a movie,  9 times out of 10 it is because they don't understand it.  If you  understand David Lynch's, a true artist, other films then you are going to  understand this one and be entertained and pleased.  For all you people  that think, &quot;Oh giant worms, huh?&quot;  The worms and spice are one  and they are a metaphor for our Desires.  The cure is within the poison.   How our belly has become our god.  And then the whole socio-politico theme  of the movie is about the power struggle of control.  Muad'dib is the  savior that is within us all trying to help us make the right decisions.   To listen to our hearts.  To help us break free from our self-induced  bonds.  We put ourselves into slavery and it is only we that can break us  free.  If you didn't understand it or fell asleep while watching you just  weren't ready for it.  When you are ready for that part in your learning of  life you will understand it.  sincerely, david
B000002J27|4.0|The band stayed pretty insecure after Gabriel's departure. So, at least here, they were a BAND, and not a Collins's backup band. It's obvious that Genesis Gabriel-era's records are easily better than this, but it's  undeniable the quality of some tunes here, particullary  &quot;Entangled&quot; (a must have for Genesis's fans), &quot;Squonk&quot;  and &quot;Ripples&quot;. Unfortunately, cuts like the title-track and  &quot;Robbery, Assault and Battery&quot; gave us a clue of the future.
B000000OU0|5.0|If you grew up with the Eagles this reunion leaves you feeling like that was only yesterday.  From the good times of &quot;Life in the Fast Lane&quot; to the lows of &quot;Desperado&quot; all of those memories and  emotions come flooding back with each tune.  As far as my ear is concerned,  they came back and did it all over again after all these years. Definitely  a mistake if you pass on this one.
B000009QPE|5.0|It can't be denied. Slayer set the standard with this album. Only Megadeth's Rust In Peace comes close.
B00000K19E|3.0|Unfortunately, the dialog and video are out of sync on my Pioneer DVD500 player. What a disappointment. And the hassle of trying to exchange with no guarantee of a properly working copy. This is the first DVD problem I have  ever experienced and it had to be on this movie. What a shame.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I've been disappointed in the band for a while. The last album I enjoyed was And Justice For All. But this revives my faith in Metallica. Buy it; it kicks ass!
B000001ELR|5.0|This Album makes me proud to be a Kiss fan.  The funniest thing about this album is that it has not sold nearly as well as most Kiss albums including the poor ones in the late 70s and the rest of the 80s.  War Machine might  be one of my favorite Kiss songs of all time, and I Love It Loud is  awesome.  I even like I Still Love You, which is a great Stanley balad.  I  think with the new push to recognise the best Kiss drummer ever, Eric Carr,  this album defines how great he was.  A great album, my second favorite  next to Alive!
B000002V0Q|5.0|I have all the albums up to date of this Megadeth band and Mustane's voice has made the band to reach at the highest postion now., I would like Megadeth visiting Chennai - India and playing a live show in future.
B000001EXR|5.0|I am a huge Kiss fan.  I have every single one of their albums.  From 1983 to 1989, they stunk.  Kiss, has always gone with the times and succeeded.  Dynasty, while with a disco edge, is still very good.  I like MFTE, and  respect Kiss for trying something different.  THIS ALBUM IS SOMETHING  DIFFERENT.  It is terrific.  The lack of push that it got killed this  album, because I think this is BY FAR their best album since Creatures.   Hate, Master and Slave, and Jungle are great songs along with I Walk Alone.   This is Kiss at its hardest and best.  It is a shame that they will never  go this way again because Kiss fans can't accept change.  I Want You is a  bland song.  I Walk Along is a great song, because they put more than two  sentences in the song and the music is terrific instead of repetitious.
B000002JBG|5.0|IF YOU'RE READY TO PARTY, BE INSPIRED, FALL IN LOVE AND LAUGH AT THE SAME TIME THIS IS IT! THIS CD IS THE BEST! BASKET BALL JONES WILL NEVER BE THE SAME AFTER BARRY WHITE AND CHRIS ROCK! IF YOU KNOW THE ORIGINAL CHEECH AND  CHONG VERSION THROW IT OUT THE NEAREST WINDOW CAUSE HERE COMES THE HIPEST  VERSION YET! HAVE FUN LISTENING!
0800177355|4.0|The previous two reviewers must have seen a different movie because the 'Cliffhanger' I saw kept me awake and just on the edge of my seat the whole time.There was very little time to pause and take a breath.Its a 'please  dont try this at home movie' which parents should impress upon their kids.I  thought the rock climbing scenes were awesome, contrived and aided by  special effects though they may be.Even if it didnt inspire me to  immediately go out and scale Mt Capitan I certainly admired the sheer  efforts of the film crew and the stunt men involved.Hats off to you  guys,...and guyesses.Stallone apparently did most of his own stunts but  even he is overshadowed by the evil and loathsome character with no  redeeming features played by John Lithgow.Watching '3rd Rock...'wont be the  same again.This actor will never be typecast.I also liked the spectacular  air crash at the start and the hand to hand fighting which looked real  enough.I thought it interesting that the bad guys were multi-ethnic.So as  maybe not to offend anyone perhaps...!?
0060977493|5.0|I strongly recommend this book for anyone with a love of the English language who can recognize a master-craftswoman both in language and storytelling.  The rhythms of this story make it a musical read.  Ms. Roy  is very talented, and I look forward to her next effort.
1573226521|1.0|This is the worst book I've read in a long time. What makes it so awful is the kind of bad writing John Gardner refers to in the Art of Fiction, wherein the author undermines any empathy the reader might have with a  character or situation by making gross comparisons or connections.  Gardner's example is a writer describing his red-faced,  weeping father as  looking like a baby trying to squeeze out a dump. Though I don't have an  example from Garland -- I couldn't get rid of the book fast enough --  believe me, it's full of them. The whole book, in fact, is nothing but a  series of ridiculously inappropriate and wholly incredible reactions --  e.g., the narrator risks his life to get away from dope farmers, then  returns to taunt them. I might be able to stomach this book better if there  were a little irony in it. But it's just dumb, dumb, dumb.
6305263248|5.0|This is an absolutely brilliant film, with some stunning car chases. Buy it!
B00001QEBQ|2.0|Disney (and Fox in &quot;Anastasia&quot;) have fallen into a very predicatble and enervating P.C. rut.  In a trend that we got a whiff of in &quot;Little Mermaid,&quot; a dose of in &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;  and &quot;Hunchback,&quot; and a full-blown shot of in  &quot;Pocahontas,&quot; Disney just can't seem to get away from stylized,  idealized, P.C.-normed women.  The only problem with them is that all the  same: boring.  Sooo predictable.  If Disney wants to preach their gospel,  they can do it on their own time and their own dime.  As Sam Goldwyn said:  &quot;Include me out.&quot;
B0000031P7|5.0|BELONGING-is the first album released by K.J.s European Quartet with Jan Garbarek, Palle Danielson and Jon Christensen. Start with this one, because lated you will discover such masterpieces like &quot;MY SONG&quot; and  &quot;PERSONAL MOUNTAINS&quot;
0517702967|3.0|The plot was interesting, in theory.  However, the flat, even silly characters spoiled the  book.  After hearing of the popularity of this author, I finally tried one of his books.  Extremely doubtful that I shall  do so again.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The matrix is by far, the greatest movie I have ever watched. I loved every second of this action packed movie.  I recommend this movie to anyone who has not seen it yet.  The special effects blow away anything I have  ever seen before.  I love the Matrix!!!
B00000K19E|4.0|Amazing work. Although the plot is a little fuzzy, the action and visual effects(not special effects) are outstanding.
B00000K19E|5.0|I pre-ordered the DVD for &quot;The Matrix&quot; as soon as it was listed on Amazon.com's web site.  I knew after watching the movie with my wife and son at the theater that we had to have this movie at home to enjoy whenever  we wanted.  <br />The special effects are unbelievable.  You want to watch  some scenes over and over again.  The DVD goes into some detail about how  the movie was made.  I really love the added special features of DVD.<br />The  movie's plot tells a story that should satisfy anyone's craving for true  Sci-Fi.  It is almost as good as &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot;, which I plan  to purchase as soon as it becomes available.<br />The only thing wrong with  this movie is the ending.  It should have been an exclamation point, but  instead it felt more like a comma leaving you waiting for another  scene.<br />All-in-all a great movie. -- Randy Hudson
B000002B7U|5.0|This CD is the only reminder I have of my dad.  He loved Ozzy, and he was the one who introduced me to Ozzy.  Since then, I have been a great fan of him, and I would just like to say, that this CD is one of his best.  It  brings back so many memories to me.  The Ultimate Sin is a must have!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|I love movies and this one is my new favorite.  I saw it for the first time yesterday and I want to watch it again today.  It's one of those movies you have to own.  The special effects are incredible and the plot is  absolutely mind-blowing.  Now I'm expecting to wake up some day for the  first time.  It really makes you think.  The fight scenes were awesome, the  script, the actors, the set, everything was fantastic.  This is the best  movie ever made.  I must own it!
B00000K19E|5.0|I always go for special effects, and The Matrix definately has special effects! Often, movie previews turn out to be better than the movie. Not so with this one. The action sequences are incredible. The directors use of  stop action and slow motion action in combination really adds to the  special quality of this movie. The characters are great. The movie is  great. This is the first movie that I have actually watched more than once,  and will watch again, and again, and ...
0780627024|5.0|Apparently some self-appointed moralists have decided that this film is about sex. I didn't see it that way at all.  It is about passion--in one case a passion for art, in another the surprising birth of interest in  reading, and also sex.  There is nothing very preachy or left-wing or  immoral about it.  This is a movie, a piece of entertainment, something to  divert us and make us think.  The 50's with all the family values (I grew  up then) was racist, sexist, politically repressive, and quite comfortable,  if one happened not to be the victim.<br /><br />This is a first-rate movie with  good performances.  Don't be afraid of it.  You won't experience peace  without honor.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Bought the CD for someone whose not been 'into' Santana. She loves every single song on it. Personally, I just love the variety on this CD. Santana and other artist effortlessly blends their styles into something which  makes a casual listener explore more of Santana's music. My faves are nos.  3,5,7,9,10,11 and 13. Practically every piece has a distinct style.   Awesome!
B000006U44|5.0|I can't say that all I've learned about women came from Kate's first album (maybe it took buying her second, third, fourth...), but she certainly gave this guy a lot to think about when I bought The Kick Inside when it was  first released. Hypnotic? That's synonymous with Kate Bush, isn't it?  Difficult? Enigmatic? Yes, and thank god. I don't fault those who prefer  lighter more accessible fare. That's what makes the world go round. But I  do take issue with those who say Kate's work isn't worth the time. Sure, it  takes time but it repays the time invested many times over. My favorite  tracks -- Kite, Them Heavy People and Oh to Be in Love. I like funky  rhythms. In my book, Kate Bush is nonpareil.
B00000JCB2|1.0|For all you fans of Limp Bizkit out there, I say you can do better.  There are so many better groups out there.  First of all I don't understand why they have to cuss so much, it shows their lack of talent for writting  lyrics.  If you want to hear a truly good Hip-Hop Hardcore band try  &quot;The Fundamental Elements of Southtown,&quot; by P.O.D. (Payable On  Death).  They formed in 1992, so they are technically the first Rap-core  band. So instead of &quot;Limp Bizkit, Kid Rock, KoRn, Deftones, or Rage  Against The Machine,&quot; try &quot;P.O.D.&quot;
B000009QPE|5.0|But if you want pure, brutal, unadulterated speed metal, pick this album up.  An all-time classic, along with with &quot;Hell Awaits&quot;.  There's more raw emotion transmitted in the first minute of this record than the  entire catalogue of songs from Korn or Limp Bizkit (they are NOT  METAL!!!!!).
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock's Devil without a Cause album is great. The ideas that he came up with on this album are well done. He blends rap and metal together so well and I am not a rap music fan, but this is the only exception I made. Out of  the 14 tracks, I like 10 of them. He is a great performer on stage and very  talented. I hope he comes up with more great music in his future. The  guitar riffs are excellent on this album and his drummer, wow can she beat  the skins. There is profanity which I don't care for much, but I like the  music and that's what matters. Kid you Rock!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is definetly the best rock album I own. It's hard, hard, hard, and there are all types of songs, from deeper ones to romps. Dexter Holland has a great voice, too, which is a plus. A quick overview:<br />Have You Ever: The  words seem out of synch with the music. However, it's bearable.<br />Staring  At The Sun: Are there words to describe this song? I didn't think so. It's  got some great beats, and great words. The second verse describes life very  effectively with the line: &quot;There's more to living than only  surviving/Maybe I'm not there but I'm still trying.&quot;<br />Pretty Fly (For  A White Guy): Maybe the funniest song ever. How many of us don't know a guy  like this? However, there's a deeper meaning to the funny words.<br />The Kids  Aren't Alright: Another fabulous song. The bass is fantastic, and so's the  guitar. The words, as well, are great. This is the type of song you want to  zonk out to when you're furious.<br />Feelings: Ew. This song is just....bad.  However, it does capture feelings of hate well.<br />She's Got Issues: This is  a fun song. The words are cool, and sort of remind you of Alanis.<br />Walla  Walla: This song is also hilarious. It has no deep hidden meaning, just the  story of a really bad thief. The spoken part is soooo funny.<br />End of the  Line: The closest to a love song this album gets. It's, er, sweetish, even  though it's one of the harder songs on the album.<br />No Brakes: Very cool.  It's got cool words and cool everything else.<br />Why Don't You Get A Job: So  much like the Beatles' 'Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da' it's not even funny; sort of  &quot;Whatever happened to Demond and Molly?&quot; It's still good, though.  It's fun.<br />Americana: Very bleak, but still really good.<br />Pay the Man:  Let's not even GO there.<br />Every all? THIS RULES!
B00000K19E|5.0|I'm a female adult. I've seen the movie three times and have purchased the DVD. Needless to say, I love it. &quot;Speed&quot; was my number 1 film with Keanu, but now it's been bumped to number 2. &quot;Matrix&quot; is  groundbreaking in film making and we will see more films using this type of  technique -- I welcome that. Loved all the acting -- writing -- etc. The  only thing wrong with &quot;Matrix&quot; is -- I WANT MORE. :)
B00000DMJF|5.0|Some of it is bizarre like vrevolution #9. Some of it is inconsequential,such as Bungalow Bill and Savoy Truffle. Most of it is some of the best work they ever did.  Back in the USSR, While my Guitar Gently  Weeps, and Revolution 1, are as good as anything the Beatles ever did,  which makes them incredible. To me though, the best thing about this album  is the album. Listen to it from beginning to end and it just takes you to  another world.
0790745399|3.0|Sure, there were some good things about The Matrix. The special effects were very well done, the acting was good.  And it has some good martial arts scenes. <br />But the plot has some major flaws - things that just don't  make any sense at all. (I won't spell them out here, not to ruin the plot.)   I felt my intelligence a little insulted at two points in the movie, like  I wasn't supposed to notice major plot elements that were just nonsensical.  <br />Besides that, the story was not very original; the basic (paranoid  brain-in-a-vat) idea has been done before. <br />Not a bad rental, but I sure  wouldn't buy it.
0312853238|5.0|If this book excites you, as it did me, Ender's Game will set the momentum for you to read the entire series - and it's quite a long series! Born a Third child into a world which only allowed for two by law, Andrew (Ender)  Wiggin is a government experiment in locating future military commanders to  fight the enemy alien 'buggers.' He's a lonely boy who learns to deal with  his problems by himself - all his problems! throughout the course of the  book. Come with Ender in this book about innocence, deception, courage,  strength and love. Ender's Game is a classic - not to mention a double  award winner. Sci-fi was never this fun or easy to read until Card created  Ender Wiggin.
0786860707|5.0|Im a computer animator. Even though this book is about traditional animation, it has been invaluable to me. It is without doubt THE book about animation and what to do. Even if your not a fan of Disney animation, this  is still the best book there is. They made animation what it is today, and  there is no one better to learn from.
0380973464|4.0|I was concerned about this book--it didn't grab me until about page 200 but then it was just a Roller Coaster--much like Red Storm Rising.  Highly recommended!
0553278223|4.0|It's been many years since I last read this collection, and I was surprised on several levels. I'd forgotten the lyrical language, laying the visual scenes and emotions down so clear you can see and feel them. Some of  the ideas and concepts he was dealing with (exploitation of a new world;  how a race might react to being invaded, how will religions adjust to  meeting other races) are current topics still. Indeed, Stanley Kim Robinson  focused on some of them in his Mars trilogy. But I was reminded that this  book is a product of its time, especially when dealing with the roles of  women and nuclear family, which stayed firmly in the 1950s. But some of the  stories, notably Night Meeting, The Fire Balloons and The Martian are still  gems. And it's always good read the old classics -- it helps one to  appreciate where the new ones came from.
B000003S5H|5.0|EVERY track on this CD takes you away on a journey. I have sat by the pool in the sun and drifted lazily, following the rise and fall of the music. I have played it in the car and smiled as my fellow travellers snarled and  bitched about traffic and other drivers. This CD never disappoints whatever  the occasion. It is the ultimate mood music. Buy it. Push that  &quot;Process Order&quot; button and never look back.
B000002GQE|5.0|This is a wonderful album that is as interesting today in the world of unplugged orchestral music as it was when it was made.  I always am amused by those who think that \\"Nights in White Satin\\" is  \\"Knights\\" and then pan the song, the album and the moody blues  for being incomprehensible.  Nice melodies, good lyrics and great singing  are usually what make the music great. This is what got you here. That is what you get here.
B000002VCU|2.0|I have never really liked this album, except for the three songs (Time, Games people Play, and May Be a Price to Pay).
015670160X|5.0|Just saw the movie with Tilda Swinton for the 4th time, for my Gender and Sexuality in Film class. Visually lush, intelligent and thought-provoking, with so much to say about gender roles, it can make us question what we  think we know about how men and women are supposed to be. Watch the movie,  read the book.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Carlos Santana is a great guitarist and he demonstrates it again in his new album.  However,  I was personally looking for more colaberative work in English.  The few songs that are in English I think are spectacular, but  the Spanish was just too saucy for my taste.
0425129586|5.0|I am a Sherlock Holmes diehard and have just started with dame Christie's novels. This one is superb for its plot and the way it is developed around an ancient poem about ten indians. The most classic line in the  poem(&amp;story) would probably be &quot;A red herring got him&quot;.  However, Christie's stories donot have a very good character introduction.  They are somewhat dumped on us in the first few pages. Professor Moriarty  would object to that.
0312199066|5.0|I was happy to see Cernan's book appear. I read it straight through, and found it entertaining, thought provoking, and very well written.  A great book for those who want to learn about an astronaut perspective from the  selection process to moonwalk.<br />Cernan writes about the Gemini and Apollo  programs with a clear recollection of the events of this special  time.<br />Confidence is the name of the game in space, and after reading  Cernan's account of his Gemini spacewalk, hats off to him!
1567184855|5.0|I recommend this book as on my top five all-time solid gold favorite gotta read hot list to anyone who will listen.<br />I realized after reading this ground-breaking book that I had planned and scripted all that I was to do  in this life.  This thought greatly reduced the fear I frequently feel in  reaching for my dreams.  I felt reassured that if I was having such strong  inner promptings to DO something, it must be because it was something I'd  planned before taking embodiment.  Therefore, I began to TRUST this  feeling, and venture into new territories (more artistic and creative  fields) with the idea that this was honoring that etheric blueprint I had  created.  This book gives me the courage to go for my dreams, and I pick it  up again and reread a few pages from time to time to keep these positive  feelings going.<br />The book also gave me a deeper understanding of the  relationships in my life, especially those that are stressful or  challenging.  Now I am much more laid back about these karmic interactions,  and can smile and see the humor in them more readily.  I am able to pull  out the lesson(s) needed to be learned, and continue to see the  mirror-revealing wisdom in the other person much better without reacting in  a negative way.<br />This book is liberating in the way we see ourselves as  evolving spiritually as rapidly as we CHOOSE to go.  It also gives us a  wonderful understanding in how to see others in their spiritual progress  (soul color, as explained in the book).
B00000I952|5.0|I have all the albums ABBA released, except the &quot;LIVE&quot; album.  I am not too impressed by live albums.  Some of the songs mentioned in reviews of other ABBA album mentioned unreleased songs.  A couple of those  were included on the BOX SET, while the other two I have never heard of.   One mentioned what $$$$ one would pay for a new ABBA song...What about a  new ABBA album??  I am in the process of purchasing all their albums on CD  so that I don't have to play the vinyl LP's anymore (no I haven't worn them  out).  At one time, they had sold more albums than the Beatles!
6305546797|5.0|This remake is an excellent piece of work that truly does justice to the movie's hallowed name.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes to collect timeless classics.  The additional features (i.e., Halloween Unmasked  documentary, trailers, still photographs) were a nice bonus, as well!
0790745399|5.0|A truly breathtaking movie questioning our reality, and how we truly don't know what is out there. After watching it five times, i could still watch it and see more that i didnt notice before. Chances our I will wear the  tape right through watching it so many times...
0061002860|5.0|This book, in my opinion, is Agatha Christie's second best, after &quot;The ABC murders&quot;. The story is quite simple, but a couple of subtle clues and a chilling climax make this a must read.
B00000IQBM|4.0|This is one of the best horror films ever and with Stanley Kubrick at the helm I can easily say it's a masterpiece of suspense! BUT, the DVD only has the Standard version for viewing, It kills me to think I'm watching a  cropped film that Kubrick created, and the transfer quality is BAD, along  with a MONO soundtrack! no 5.1 or even stereo options? What Gives?
B00000JN3F|2.0|First let me say that I love Godzilla and these films are some of the best . What I am annoyed with is the lack of a subtitles option . Why put these films on DVD and leave out this option ? OK I know that most people grew up  and loved the awful dubbing, but for those of us who rate these films as  important celluloid history, this omitance is unforgivable !<br />Give  Godzilla the same respect accorded to anime such as 'Ghost in the shell' .  And while your at it give us the origional Gojira film alongside the  Raymond Burr re-hash . Got that....Good .
0380713802|5.0|I couldn't stop laughing while reading this book after a day-long meeting, back in my hotel room in England.  I have travelled to Europe at least once a year, sometimes for business, most for holidays, for the past 10 years.  The author's experiences, and impressions, of Europe match mine exactly.  This book is a wonderful memoir for anyone who has travelled to Europe on a  self-guided tour; it will remind them of what they've seen and done there.  It is definitely not a travel &quot;guide&quot; book for people who intend  to use the book for planning their trips.
B0000041XX|5.0|Absolutely beautiful and simply breathtaking!!! A treasure in the form of a C.D.! Please make this part of your C.D. collection!!!
6304493681|4.0|This is a good movie, in the same vein as Blade Runner. Nice visuals and fully realized world, though the plot is a but convulted. A great take in Masamune Shirow's manga. On a side note: I resent people who say hardcore  anime fans might not like this because there is no sex or gratuitous  violence, as if to say anime has those negative conotations. Any real fan  would know anime is like any other art form, incorporating all types of  genre's that the pen ( and pixel ) can offer. Gundam, Blue Submarine No. 6  , Escaflowne, Ranma 1/2 etc. prove my point.
B000000H5J|5.0|This is the metal CD that will change the definition of blast beat forever. Raymond Herrera is by far the most talented drummer in his class while Burton Bell delivers the harsh, raging vocals that pierce the soul as  well as the ear. Mixed in  with thrash guitar and melodic overtones,  Demanufaacture is an album everyone should own.Songs like Zero signal and  Pisschrist are anthems for the angst of youth. If you dont own this CD now,  you know not what you are missing
1882723007|5.0|I had two people die with in a week and a half.  I was so depressed over it.. and had so many questions in my heart.  I am a religious person.. and find comfort in prayers, and in my scriptures.. and as I prayed for some  peace in my heart..  a very good friend of mine made a suggestion. And told  me about this book.  I bought it the next day.. and I read right through  it.  This book is amazing.  It's not just meant for Christians, it's meant  for everyone.  This book settled a lot of thoughts and concerns I had in my  heart.. and I really appreciate Betty sharing her experience through her  writing.  I would suggest this book to anyone to read.. but especially if  you lose someone,... well I'll speak for me.. it made me feel better.
B000002ORU|1.0|First, I must say that my rating of 1 star is not a commentary on the Who's music itself.  For that, see the other customer reviews of this album.  I have given this box set one star because of the weakness of the  collection itself.<br />A box set is supposed to do two things: 1. Give a  proper overview of the group's work to listeners unfamiliar with the band  and 2. Provide obscure and unreleased tracks for those listeners who are  already familiar with the band's work, and are interested in more than just  the albums.  A box set should also offer definitive sound quality and full  length tracks, wherever possible.<br />This set fails in all these areas.   First, The Who were a concept album band, and offer several strong,  cohesive albums.  I recommend &quot;Tommy,&quot; &quot;Who's Next,&quot;  and &quot;Quadrophenia&quot;.  They also have several singles, such as  &quot;The Seeker&quot; and &quot;Magic Bus&quot; which are not found on any  album, and other singles, such as &quot;Who Are You&quot; which are found  on otherwise worthless albums.  A proper box set should offer the  definitive studio versions of these singles.  Instead, shortened versions  are included.  The third area of interest for Who neophytes is live Who  recordings.  Although many cuts from &quot;Live At Leeds&quot; (another  essential album) is included, little else is offered.  These problems make  the box set a poor introduction.  If you are new to the Who, get all 4 of  the albums mentioned above, plus &quot;My Generation - The Very Best Of The  Who.&quot;<br />Greater problems are found with this box set for those old  fans looking for new stuff.  As a general rule, everything of interest that  could be included on the box set is already released.  Infinite greatest  hits compilations and live albums are available.  All the old albums have  been re-released since this box set came out, and offer superior rarities  as bonus tracks.  The &quot;Odds And Sods&quot; album has now been doubled  in length and contains an amazing number of quality rarities.  All  interesting song demos (and, many, many more) are included in Townshend's  &quot;Scoop&quot; and &quot;Another Scoop&quot; series.  The few things not  already released are missing here.  For example, no BBC cuts are found (due  to contractual problems?).<br />To top off problems related to content, the  sound quality of almost all tracks is inferior to the more recently  released albums.  And, as stated above, too often an edited version of a  song is present instead of the full length version.  Also, the tracks are  presented in an awkward, chronological order interspersed with dialogue and  demo tracks.  Box sets work better when each disc is cohesive (as in The  Doors box set), because listening sessions are rarely 5 hours  long.<br />Anyway, to sum up my review, skip this box set and go straight for  the albums, and slowly move deeper into their catalog.  This box seems to  have been slapped together to make a quick buck and offer another ego trip  to Townshend, instead of to offer a great package to the consumer, which  was certainly an option due to the Who's large catalog of music.
0792156684|2.0|I didn't see this movie in the theatre as I was urged to...I decided to wait until the DVD version.  I'm glad I didn't spend my hard earned money on this turkey.  I will say from the outset that this is a beautiful  looking film, but that is as far as it goes. Perhaps if I were a 12 year  old girl I might think it was great, but I am a grown woman who can't for  the life of me imagine what is so wonderful about Leo!  No story here.  Of  all the wonderful real-life stories that must have taken place on this  ship, why try and fabricate one? And a bad one at that! The earlier  Hollywood version of &quot;Titanic&quot; with Barbara Stanwyck &amp;  Clifton Webb, as well as the British version &quot;A Night To  Remember&quot; are both far superior to this attractive trash.
B0000024V2|5.0|Yeah, this was a double vinyl set that only filled three sides! The fourth side was actually blank! Johnny said something like, &quot;well, there was enough for three sides, but not four...&quot; The music rips ...Only Johnny  (and Jimi) can steal a Dylan song. &quot;Highway 61 revisited&quot; is a  rock anthem.
B00000I9MK|5.0|B&amp;S Reviewers (located below my review),<br />It bums me out that none of you liked Tigermilk.  I was on your side of the fence at one time too.  I must admit when I first purchased &quot;If you're feeling Sinister&quot;,  after two listens I filed the CD in my collection and didn't listen again  for a year or so.  The music of B&amp;S will hit you when the timing is  right, like many things in life.  I began to appreciate their sound,  lyrics, and uniqueness and now find myself listening to all of their CD's  over and over again.  If Tigermilk didn't hit you right, try  &quot;Sinister&quot; and listen to (track 4) &quot;Like Dylan In the  Movies&quot;...I promise you'll be singing the song in no time.  It's all  about timing. --Dave
0515125024|3.0|Didn't read the first book and spent the first fifty pages or so rolling my eyes at Jack Reacher's invulnerability and/or machismo -- but once you get past that, you actually find yourself rooting for the guy and cheering  when he finishes off the villains one by one -- who couldn't root for a  hero who uses a lit cigarette and a wooden chair to wipe out a room full of  bad guys?  Some of the writing is a little dry and the character of Holly  seems thin, but overall it's still better than most others in this genre.   The descriptions of the technology and military gear can be a bit boring,  but overall pretty informative -- Childs obviously did his homework.  If  you like techno-thrillers with he-men heroes rescuing damsels in distress  (okay...a brainy, well-trained damsel but a damsel nonetheless), then  you'll enjoy the book.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Just thought I'd put in my 2 cents after I read many reviews from someone who claims to be from &quot;IMG&quot;.  The Beatles were (and still are) one of the most influential music groups ever.  You may not like every  single song or every album however to dismiss all their music is flat out  silly! There is a reason fans, critics  and musicians alike continue to  place them on a pedestal. The Beatles were great! The &quot;White  Album&quot; is just an example of one of their many triumphs.....IMG? What  do you like or do you just enjoy being negative?
044651652X|5.0|If this story doesn't tug at your heart strings, you've never really been in love.  It is both beautiful and bittersweet.  An attraction so powerful, they had no choice but to fall totally, completely in love.  This is a  story of love that is so rich and so deep . . . it gives meaning to the old  saying, &quot;Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at  all.&quot;  I've read this story over and over, listened to the audio tape  (unabridged) and watched the movie.  I never tire of it.
068484267X|5.0|This book is terrific.   I couldn't wait to pick it up again and keep reading.  It is hard to believe people are so poor,  McCourt was a very poor person and went on to come to America and rise above his station.  He  is an inspirition for all of us.  can't wait to read the sequal 'Tis.
B00004THO3|5.0|If this story doesn't tug at your heart strings, you've neverreally been in love.  It is both beautiful and bittersweet.  An attraction so powerful, they had no choice but to fall totally, completely in love.  This is a story of love that is so rich and so deep . . . it gives meaning to the old saying, &quot;Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.&quot; I've read this story over and over, listened to the audio tape (unabridged) and watched the movie.  I never tire of it.
B000001ESJ|4.0|I didn't care much for Rush's '70s-work until I listened to this album. I think this is one of their most melodic, beautiful and consistent albums. &quot;Closer to the Heart&quot; is the best-known track on this album, but  the rest is equally fine. The songs are more accessible than Rush's lengthy  art-rock pieces on &quot;2112&quot; and &quot;Hemispheres&quot;, and the  sound on this remastered edition is very good. The lyrics on this album are  really inspired and much more electrifying than on Rush's '90s-work.  &quot;A Farewell to Kings&quot; is another timeless album (like  &quot;Moving Pictures&quot;) and shows Rush's virtues at their best.
6303997198|5.0|Eastwood and Streep do a fabulous job of breathing life in the most wonderful Love Story I've ever watched!  When I first saw this movie, I was really touched.  When I later read the book, with the additional insight  that it offers, and learned that this was a true story, I was even more  deeply moved.  A must for anyone who believes in the power of romantic  love.  Bittersweet and beautiful!
6301008960|5.0|I really love this film. Theres just one problem I cant buy it anymore it appears.
B00000JJM2|4.0|I love all of the songs on the soundtrack...I was just disappointed to find that they weren't in the same order as the previously recorded soundtrack.
B000002AT6|5.0|My son and daughter-in-law used the song, The Ludlow's as the march for their wedding and the entire congregation held a collective breath as she walked down the aisle. A more beautiful or memorable piece I couldn't think  of
B000002UV9|5.0|Most of these songs are excellent. Radio overplay kind of hampered the work. The pop sounds in this album were not as evident as Promised Land or Hear In The Now Frontier. They need to release an album going back to their  roots! Commercializm and record executives suck!
B000002U8I|4.0|Tina Turner beat the odds with PRIVATE DANCER.  Radio stations and music journalists tend to give older artists half an ear at best.  Thus, superb works like the Everly Brothers' BORN YESTERDAY, Lou Reed's MAGIC AND LOSS  and Ringo Starr's TIME TAKES TIME, to name three stand-outs from the  over-40 bunch, bounced from the bottom of the charts to the cutout bin.  Fortunately for the public, PRIVATE DANCER got deserved airplay and ink,  and the R&amp;B singer had perhaps the greatest success of her career.  As  was the case with the other works I mentioned, PRIVATE DANCER offered songs  about life experience, and who has lived more than Tina Turner?!  Whether  the commands are &quot;Show Some Respect,&quot; &quot;Better Be Good To  Me,&quot; or &quot;Help,&quot; it's more than just words (and music) on  paper she's following.  Get PRIVATE DANCER, songs about life from someone  who lived it.
B000002UEB|5.0|Every song on this album is a classic. It kind of tells a story in a way. This cd rates as one of my top 5 favorites of all time. QUEENSRYCHE ROCKS!
B000002C1Z|5.0|My favorite Pink Floyd album, this is a masterpiece. Simple as that.
B00000J615|5.0|the best cd i have bought in a very long time, my favorite hit LET,S FACE THE MUSIC AND DANCE. YOU GO GIRL!
B000002GIE|3.0|Nuno plays amazing guitar. He is one of the best. But that is not the only quality of Extreme. There are some real good lyrics on this one.
B000002JKA|5.0|Every note of music this band puts down on paper is amazing. They are intelligent and very creative musicians. I put them in a catagory I like to call &quot;Smart Rock&quot;. There are very few bands like these guys. The  time changes are awesome and John Petrucci's solos are out of this world.  Mike Portnoy's drumming technoques are excellent. James LaBrie...what can I  say? He has an excellent vocal range. This is great material and they are  the band that every real musician should listen to and learn from.
B00000K19E|4.0|This is a GREAT film on many levels!<br />One unlike some other movies AHEM!! DARK CITY AHEM!! Dirty scenes and poor visuals arent used to sell the movies. CMON lets face Dark City may have used a simalar idea but it was  ALIENS Conducting Expirements on Humans in a spaceship to find a CURE for  there immortality. IN the  MATRIX(this movie is So Cool) you have  Artificial Intelligence enslaving the human population for it's power needs  while keeping them docile and STIMULATED in a computer simulation. You see  the computer siimulation was the only way to keep the human busy while  using them as energy sources. those who think it is a rip off from Dark  city should think about this<br />  Furthermore i think it ripped off very  little from terminator (I watch Terminator almost once every week) and I  still think that Terminator 1 (not 2) is the best Sci-fi in the GENRE of  man against machines.<br />    Even though KEANU (bogus!!!) isn't one of the  best actors and did not impress me in this film he worked okay. Furthermore  alot of skeptics talk about how this movie borrows well doesn't every movie  borrow in one way or another even Blade Runner (yes Blade Runner)<br />    Still in all the matrix is a good exciting movie, one of the best of 1999  which is kind of a slap in the face for this movie. But if you wan't  ugly  a** actors, poor visuals, Uneccessay sex scenes rent Dark City. Here is my  about the matrix advice rent it
B00000K19E|5.0|1999 has been a dismal year for Sci-Fi.  We had that overhyped, over rated jar jar filled tripe called Episode 1:The Phantom Mess.  I had no expectation of this movie when I went in to see it and it just blew me  away.  The acting was very good and plot was top notch.  Definitely the  best Sci-fi of the decade.  It also had something which TPM sorely lacked:   CHEMISTRY between the characters.  I saw it 7 times in the theater and now  a proud owner of the DVD.  Sorry George but the Wachowski brothers can  write screenplays and direct circles around you.  <br />&quot;Welcome to the  real world&quot;
B00000K19E|4.0|Matrix is hardly to miss. Using the words of one of the main film's character Laurence Fishburne(Morpheus) 'the matrix is everywhere, even here in this very room' So my oppinion about the matrix is that is one of the  best films ever made because of its original plot which may be unbelievable  but makes sense. So, the film is about a system kinda VR that all human  beings are not born but grown in it. there are some persons called the  Agents who runs the whole thing and there are the good guys who are not  inside the program and want to destroy it, but they can't. that is because  they need someone more powerfull that theirselves. that man is called neo  (keanu reeves) and is the chosen one for the job.
0871137380|5.0|Black Hawk Down is an exceptionally well written story of heroism and valor on a questionable mission in Somolia.  This story will give you some appreciation of what our military might can and cannot accomplish.<br />Not  having served in the military, this story enabled me to see that no matter  what technology we as a country can bring to bear in a conflict, it is  still the men and women that make it happen.<br />I whole-heartedly recommend  this book to anyone with even a passing interest in the military and or  diplomacy of our country.
6305169195|1.0|How can anyone say this was the &quot;best movie of all time?&quot;  What other movies have you seen, Cool as Ice?  Please, watch a good movie or meet some people.  Then you will see that this movie is very, very bad.
0345350499|5.0|Marion may have left us (September 25, 1999), but she will live forever through this one book.
0441172717|5.0|As a child I remember my father reading the Dune novels and I always wanted to read them myself. Recently I finally got some free time on my hands so I took a chance and read Dune. To my suprise the book was a much  easier read than I anticipated and I finnished the book in less than two  weeks. I read it every spare moment I had and always hated to put it down.  I had seen the movie as a pre-teen and I have to say the book makes the  movie look like a Saturday morning cartoon. Despite the intricate nature of  the plot, the books reads well and moves along at a steady pace. This is  one of the few books that actually lives up to the legend and the hype  surounding it.
0440178002|5.0|Shogun is an absolute masterpiece.  I found that I could not put this book down, and i've read it again several times since then to pick up more of the details.  The way Clavell was able to get into delve into Japanese  culture so completely is amazing.  It is a great read.
0380973464|5.0|This book was too short. I only hope that is just a beginning and that at least 2 more novels are on the way. After closing the book I felt that some friends were going away now. I miss them. I only warn you that you must put  some work into thinking while you read or you won't enjoy it as much as  possible. But if you do it will be well worth it. I actually worked out the  physics or math instead of just passing over it as useless and it made the  book all the better. Thank you, Mr. Stephenson, for a great time.
B000002ADT|5.0|I received this CD in the mail on Friday and I never stopped playing it all weekend.  The music just got sweeter and sweeter each time I heard it.  I can't wait to get home tonight to hear it once again.  The music inspired  me! I am a new fan of Miles Davis.
0671656244|5.0|This book is just too awesome.  Every time I think about it I want to get a shovel and dig it out of my garage again(I have a carnivorous garage that I keep my books in).  The cats are just great, and my own cats often seem  to have a touch of psi themselves!
B00000J7S8|5.0|After hearing Diana Krall on the radio, I decided to get one of her CD's.  Having no idea which to pick, I decided to go with her latest.  I'm so glad I did!  What a wonderful mix of some great old calssics!  Diana's voice is  just sooooooooo sexy and enchanting.  &quot;Just Do it Again&quot; and  &quot;When I Look Into Your Eyes&quot; are perfect for setting &quot;that  romantic mood.&quot;  And &quot;Let's Fall In Love&quot; never sounded so  good!  Can't wait to get more of Diana's work!
0060920084|2.0|Bill Bryson should be ashamed of himself. &quot;Lost Continent&quot; is one of the biggest rip-offs of a travel book that I have ever read.       Few could argue with his conclusion that small-town America is a  plastic-and-Big-Mac cultural wasteland. But his attempt to fob this book  off as some sort of substantive commentary borders on fraud. He picks an  easy target and follows that up with an embarassingly lazy reporting  regimen which consists of driving around the country, stopping at motels  for the night, and resuming this in-depth &quot;research&quot; this next  morning. How is anyone going to get a feel for small-town America -- or  anywhere, for that matter -- if the only people they interact with are gas  station attendants, motel receptionists and the occasional ticket-booth  person at a local tourist attraction?      And he seems totally blind to  his hypocrisy. In effect, he becomes what he so condescendingly condemns  about small-town America, -- the junk food, slap-dash, tacky  &quot;culture&quot;, the low-value products -- by lustily wolfing down Big  Macs and cranking out a shoddy book that doesn't come close to scratching  the surface of his stated subject.   Rather than the cultured and disgusted  observer he appears to want to be seen as, Bryson's true identity is  revealed with this book: fat, lazy crank.   There's plenty of other  thoughtful, in-depth travel writing on the market. Don't encourage Bryson's  to perpetrate further scams by shelling out for this one. Dan Martin,  Singapore
B00000K19E|5.0|I am one of the few people (myself and girlfriend) who has seen this movie in three different languages.  English, French, and German...  Capturing that innocent fun, like that of the original Star Wars, and combining it  with the philosophical and mythical overtones that this movie has is quite  an accomplishment.  My pick for best movie of the year.
B00000JMQE|4.0|That's a big IF.  If you don't compare it to the classic 1939 film with Judy Garland, you'll see that &quot;Return&quot; does an excellent job at transferring L. Frank Baum's fantasy characters from book print to the wide  screen.  Fairuza Balk is quite a precociously good actress in her depiction  of Dorothy.  It's a shame this movie was such a flop at the box office.
B0000203Y5|5.0|This film is so well done you will be compelled to see it over and over again.  You will discover the  soul of Cuba and the origins of son, etc., and in the process, your soul will be nourished and forever changed.  There  is no disguising the genuine talent and humility of thess no longer  forgotten artists.  You will be overcome with the emotion music  evokes.....I am.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie was a huge turning point for me; and it has affected my life since I first laid eyes upon its majesty.  Full of fantasy, wonder, love, betrayal and commitment, it is the one movie in all the world which I will  forever cherish.
0800179501|5.0|Possibly one of the greatest movies ever made.  I really mean that.  It's a perfect masterpiece.  The acting is immeasurably good.  The score is also beatiful with the use of the pan flute.  The Karate Kid II is probably the  only other movie that has affected me this much.  I hope they release  Karate Kid II on DVD soon.  I'll definitely buy it.  BTW, does anyone when  and where I can get the score music to the karate kid?  Also, what is that  piece that is playing when Daniel is practicing his balance in the ocean.   It sounds like a famous classical piece, but it's not listed in the  credits.  It's possible that it was scored for the film, but I'm not sure  about that.
630512762X|3.0|Not a bad film if you haven't seen it before but if you have then you begin to realize how rediculous the whole story actually is (plus over the top fire-works displays!) and the movie just seems to drag on until a more  than welcome end.
0553269631|5.0|When I first read this book, I was still in my teens and had seen the movie starring Alan Arkin and Sondra Locke.  It was a very moving story then, but I reacted to the emotions of the young girl primarily.  When I  read the book again at forty-something, I was able to see how every  character viewed the mute as their sounding board, as someone who  understood them when no one else did.  He didn't understand any of them,  and thought of his Greek friend in the way that the others thought of him.   When he lost his friend, he couldn't face life alone.   I loved this book  and began reading Carson McCuller's books then.   Still one of my  favorites!
B00000G42T|5.0|This is for shure the greatest Best-Of-Album ever created in the history. Hopefully, GM will create more titles , so that we will have an &quot;The Absolutely Best Of GM&quot; in future.<br />Thanks, George
0805062971|4.0|Chuck Palahniuk is on his way to becoming a writer of the 21st century. A disturbing look at society today follows that of an insomniac suffering depression. He finds salvation and doom in that of Tyler Durden, a soap  making outcast who forms a club with the insomniac. Fight Club where men  beat each other fist to fist in raw matches testing one's strength. This  book is dark, unflinching, and breaks all barriers of what would happen in  our society if it were to break down. The fight club eventually elevates  beyond the men's control and becomes a nationwide movement. This is  probably one of the best books ever written. I can't wait for David  Fincher's film.
B000002UAX|5.0|I think people dislike the Beatles only in theory.  The &quot;Influential Indeed&quot; guy (below) dislikes the beatles (in theory) because he thinks they emulate other bands.  Many people dislike the beatles in theory  because the Beatles are popular and they feel like they need to be 'unique'  and listen to something else.  Who cares if the beatles' music sounds like  some other group's?  What counts is if it's good music.  And where do  people get their standards from?  I'd like to know what these people who  give the white album 1 or 2 stars consider 5 star music.  The Beatles are  not one of my personal favorite bands, but the white album is EXCELLENT.   It belongs in anybody's collection who actually enjoys music.
B000006OBQ|5.0|I am a 19-year-old HUGE Sinatra fan (rare enough), and I would consider this CD the soundtrack of my life.  &quot;I've Got a Crush on You&quot;, &quot;You Make Me Feel So Young&quot; and &quot;Where or When&quot; are  perfect, and &quot;Come Fly With Me&quot; is awesome.  It wasn't the first-  or last- of Frank's CDs that I bought, but it is still my favorite.  My  favorite song (My Way) is missing, but &quot;My Kind of Town&quot; is  there... and being a Chicago guy, that's good enough for me.  And for a  real Sinatra fan, he can talk about the &quot;Bayonne Baccalas&quot; all he  wants.  A legend.
068484267X|5.0|This is a book that totally affected me - I can't stop thinking about it and have been having conversations about it ever since I read it. Mr. McCourt's narrative is exquisite in the sense that it is given as a child  and as such some of the most horrifying situations are told with a child's  matter-of-factness that to me makes it even more heart stopping. I feel  privileged to have read such a brilliant work of art and will always keep  this book close at hand. Frank McCourt's simplicity is his genius and what  a fantastic way to communicate with the world. Not depressing at all -  thought-provoking and moving would describe it more accurately.
0767804503|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite movies of all time.  It has something for both men and women.  For men it has adventure and sword fighting, for women of course it has romance.  It is funny and extremely entertaining.
6301161572|5.0|This must be the best opera film ever produced.  The cinematography is wonderful, the singing and acting, on the whole, excellent and what can one say about Ruggero?  He is the ONLY Giovanni.
B00001NFCY|3.0|I eagerly waited  this albums release and must say I'm none to pleased. If you like the softer stuff then you'll like this album but if the harder stuff is what you look for then it's a miss. The first two tracks rock but  it's lack luster after that.
B0000214F3|5.0|This movie captures your heart in ways unimaginable.  One minute you hate it the next minute you will be crying at the emotional display from Hopkins and Pitt.I suggest this movie to anyone who is looking for a good movie  that will fill your mind and fill an evening!
0891416811|4.0|This book is a great read.  I have read many books written by soldiers that have been in combat, but this has to be the best.  Mr. Burgett takes us from the time that he decides to join the paratroops, through the  training, and finally into the night drop that takes him into the Normandy  Campaign.  I read this book in one sitting, I just could not put it down.
031218087X|4.0|Digital Fortress is a techno-thriller light on the techno; it could have been beefed up at the expense of the elaborate, drawn out plot line, for which you must suspend disbelief many times.  The last part of the book is  exasperatingly drawn out: I was shouting the &quot;answer&quot; pages  before the conclusion.  I wondered if the NSA cryptographers weren't, in  fact, a bit dense (unlikely, of course).  Still, the book is never less  than engaging and always fun to read, and while the layman's approach may  cry out for detail, you won't need a computer science degree to understand  it.  Digital Fortress--episodic, filled with chases, and simple enough to  scare the masses--would make a good movie; maybe Hollywood is reading.   (Please cast Gillian Anderson as the female lead.)
B00000IAU3|5.0|The whole CD is playable!  no deletes on this one
B00000AFWW|5.0|I saw the band in SF - they were great. I admire and respect Courtney Love's power, achievement and artistry. She has very real lyrical talent. In another lifetime she was my kinda girl.
B000002G87|5.0|Clapton &amp; Allman exude emotion from their guitars, and Bobby Whitlock's vocals complement Clapton's perfectly. &quot;Bell Bottom Blues&quot; and &quot;Little Wing&quot; nearly bring me to tears every time  I listen to them. In fact, this CD has the absolute BEST version of  &quot;Little Wing&quot; I've ever heard.
6302548195|5.0|This is definitely a must for the home library.  Good luck getting your hands on a copy.  If you know where to get one email me.  One of the best videos ever.
6305499365|4.0|Anyone who has ever worked in an office can relate to this movie.  I was laughing from beginning to end.  As a commuter, I found the opening rush-hour traffic scene one of the best.  Office Space will definitely be  added to my video collection.
B000001EL3|5.0|It's very sad that some people lack the intellectual capacity to see the brilliance of Kiss' Destroyer. This is a fantastic album that clearly demonstrates the ability of this band to explore other facets of rock and  roll and develop an album that helped define modern heavy metal. Until KISS  formed, there was a lack of theatrical elements in rock performance, KISS  changed that! This album portrays KISS at it's height of popularity and  creativity... it's clearly genius. Destroyer is the definitive KISS album-  it typifies the marketing savy and sometimes marketing failures that KISS  defined. To say this album is &quot;cheesy&quot; or &quot;weak&quot; is  evidently foolish. Gene Simmons figured-out a long-time ago that it's not  just about &quot;music&quot; and &quot;making an impact on the creativity  of man&quot;, rather, it's all about the money, man! The kicker is that  KISS did it RIGHT!!! They have the creativity, music knowledge, and most  importantly, the awareness to realize that the fans deserve a bang for  their buck. Even an idiot would see that KISS has the perfect plan... BUY  THIS ALBUM, don't be a moron!
6302973724|5.0|This video captures Depeche Mode at their creative peak, as they embarked on the 15-month, 150-show Devotional Tour. The tour started brilliantly in Europe and steamrollered through the USA, selling out nearly every  venue...but at the end of the monster outing, the band was exhausted,  drugged out, and ready to call it a day. Fortunately, Anton Corbijn caught  a few of the tour's early performances on film. No one who saw the  Devotional Tour will ever forget it: Corbijn's stunning visuals, Dave's  unabashed rock-star antics, Alan's thunderous drumming, and Martin's bluesy  guitar riffs. It was the best moment in the band's long and compelling  career.
0393317552|4.0|Having started this book, I can understand the viewpoint of many of the reviewers, both pro and con.  Here are a few thoughts.  To those who think that it's elementary -- many of us were never exposed to any of these  topics in high school or college, so to us it is fresh, new and  interesting.  It was obvious to me that he was writing to a general  audience, not to people with serious scientific backgrounds.  I would be  bored by a general text on my specialty, but I wouldn't criticize someone  who chose to write such a book.  Yes, he can drive a point home too  comprehensively.  I've read many other non-fiction books, however, in which  the author seems to have absolutely no idea how to string the narrative  together, so I'm not going to criticize someone who can actually organize  his thoughts.  (Try reading the Florence Harding biography if you want to  experience some horrible writing.)  The specific comments in the reviews  are helpful to someone deciding whether or not to buy the book, but we  should all remember that the author has to write for the target audience.   It's not one-size-fits-all.
B000002UAU|5.0|Following their decision in 1966 not to tour, the Beatles had time to think clearly about their future musical directions. &quot;Penny Lane&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; were the initial fruits of this  creative hiatus, while &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; was the culmination.<br />Its  impact on the record buying public in 1967 was staggering, selling in  greater quantities than the top singles of the day, a feat rarely achieved.  Its wider impact on the musical scene is similarly far-reaching, extending  into almost every aspect of the recorded music industry. Album artwork,  printed lyrics, gatefold sleeves, even unbanded tracks, were revolutionised  by &quot;Pepper&quot;.<br />As for the music, in hindsight, the album lacks a  uniform musical signature to give it a coherent sound: &quot;A Hard Day's  Night&quot; is forever etched in history by George's astonishing 12 string  guitar work; &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; is endowed with the sharpness of the  Byrds' jangling guitar rhythms and free-flowing harnmonies of mid-era  Beachboys, and &quot;Revolver&quot; captures the spirit of mid-decade Rock,  as it progressed towards abstract lyricism (&quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; )and  complex musical patterns (&quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;) while retaining  their customary ensemble playing. <br />&quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; doesn't fully  realise the unity of sound achieved in these earlier albums. For example,  the title track, with its amplified blues guitar lead, jars against the  jauntiness of &quot;With a Little Help From My Friends&quot; , which in  turn sits uneasily alongside the abstract 'psychedelia' of &quot;Lucy in  the Sky With Diamonds&quot;. &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot;,  &quot;When I'm Sixty Four&quot; and &quot;Friends&quot; are, presumably,  the only remnants of the original music-hall concept which inspired the  project. The remaining tracks could just as easily have fit onto  &quot;Revolver&quot; as on &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;.<br />Despite these  reservations the album has some exhilarating moments; none better than  &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;, an inspired mixture of Goonish satire and  silliness which still catches the breath. Paul's wistful &quot;She's  Leaving Home&quot; suffers slightly from a tight arrangement which  restricts its melody, but &quot;Lovely Rita&quot;, &quot;Getting  Better&quot; and &quot;Mr. Kite&quot; are allowed to explore new musical  terrain without any such constraints.  George's lone effort &quot;Within  You Without You&quot; is just plain dull, light years in quality from his  contributions to the group's later work.<br />As a signpost to Rock's musical  'progression' &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; is unarguably influential. As a great  album? It ranks with, but not above, other Beatle efforts before and since.  Its beauty lies as much in its offbeat attitude as in its advanced use of  technology. For this reason &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; is special.
6302787564|3.0|Michael Douglas does his best to carry it off, but in the end the corny dialogue and stereotypical characters trip him up.
B000002GW5|3.0|I'm a total Jackson Browne novice - this is the first (and only) album of his that I've ever heard. It's definitely inspired me to check out some of his other recordings. 'Cocaine' is the standout here. Great, loose  ('chemically relaxed?') sound on this one. 'The Road' and 'Shaky Town' -  yeah, 10-4's n' all! - are also pretty strong. Some forgettable me-too  moments (I don't like the title track at all), but overall a satisfying  listen. Now, where do I go from here? <br />ALSO RECOMMENDED: 'Using &amp;  Abusing the Internet as a Marketing Tool' by Jeff Burns.
6304308388|5.0|An all-time great, guaranteed to warm the heart and bring a smile to your face while making you shed a tear or two in the process. Every man can see a bit of himself in C.C.Baxter and his helpless but noble love for a  slightly mixed-up woman. Every woman knows what it's like to have a not  very enjoyable affair with a cynic. Perfect for watching at Christmas time.
B000002UAR|5.0|I remember listening to this album for the very first time, having no opinion one way or another about the Beatles, and being truly amazed by the sheer diversity on offer here - proof that it's possible to make music  within several different genres all at at once, and still make it work as a  whole. But 'Tomorrow Never Knows' - what genre is that from? Here the  Beatles had absolutely no starting point (it's 1966, remember!) and created  something incredible from nothing. PS - this song was covered in an  interesting way by Jimi Hendrix on an album called Live at the Scene Club,  NY - check it out!
0767809246|5.0|Stand By Me, based on the Steven King short story (The Body) is a classic example of what kids today think and act like.  Gordy, Vern, Teddy and Chris are just four simple boys out on an adventure, with great threats on  the way.  I think the young actors who played these roles just acted like  themselves, I know this is how I act most of the~~~serious, but fun!
B000002UAU|5.0|George Martin's production on this album is a trifle too glossy for my tastes (I prefer the rawness of &quot;Let It Be&quot;). Still, Sgt. Pepper contains three songs that rank among their (or anyone else's) list of  all-time classics: &quot;With a Little Help From My Friends&quot;, &quot;A  Day in the Life&quot; and &quot;Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds&quot;. The  rest of the album has a nice nostalgic feel in songs like &quot;When I'm  Sixty-Four&quot; and &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot;. Frankly, I could have  lived without George's contribution - &quot;The Inner Light&quot; was his  best foray into Indian music (it's on &quot;Past Masters&quot;). All in  all, well worth adding to your collection - but not quite deserving of the  &quot;best of all time&quot; hype that surrounds this  &quot;ablum&quot;.<br />ALSO RECOMMENDED: &quot;The A-Z of Nasal Plectrums and  Nose Picks&quot; by Jeff Burns.
0671510991|5.0|Former National Security Advisor and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger has written a superb book about the diplomatic relations between the Great Powers since the origins of the state system since the Peace of Westphalia in 1648. What is particularly interesting about this book is that the majority of it is written by Kissinger the academic; But three chapters covering the Nixon-Ford years are written by Kissinger the Statesmen. Kissinger tries to place himself within the context of other leaders throughout history, and show he tried to construct a foreign policy based on stratetic interests, and not moral or ideological concerns, which he believes have traditionally hampered US Foreign Policy. He is careful not to overplay his own role however. By far the majority of the narrative discusses other eras, with a special focus on the Cold War. Kissinger also explains his own theory of state behavior: States have overlapping and conflicting interests. Thus a certain amount of interstate war is inevitible. A statesmen should therefore focus on security, best gained through power, while leaving humanitarian and utopian issues aside. But the book is mostly a diplomatic history, focusing on the actions of individual leaders, and as such a compelling read.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Once I saw the guys running around in the streets I had to get this album!  It is a great follow up to Dude Ranch!
B00000I9MK|5.0|I saw an ad for it that whetted my appetite and took a chance and bought it. It has not left my CD playe since.  The sleeve notes are a bit too precious but the songs make up for it. Evocative, psyche grabbing lyrics.  Cleverly crafted, seductively poppy arrangements. Love it.
B00000K19E|4.0|It is unfortunate that the martial arts are so weak, because the rest of thefilm is really quite good. However, this is a great concept of a movie: combine greatspecial effects with the explosiveness of a Hollywood action film, martial arts and the camerawork and choreography of Hong Kong action films, and blammo! You got  yourself a winner. Keanu Reeves trying to do martial arts, is kind of a letdown; but there is enough here to make you ooh and aah that force you to stay glued to the screen.
B00000K19E|5.0|I see a ton of movies and this was the very best of '99 in the sci-fi action genre. Great SFX, awesome soundtrack &amp; a rich, complex plot. Dynamite! Can't wait for the sequel!(And if you like this, check out:  &quot;Dark City&quot;, &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot; and of course  &quot;Bladerunner&quot;
6305499365|5.0|This movie is hilarious.  Mike Judge gets it. I enjoyed this movie so much, I went out and bought the soundtrack, which by the way, is ingenious on Mike Judge's part.  The soundtrack adds to the humor of the movie.  This  is obviously very underrated.  That's okay, Judge will be back I'm sure.
B00000ILDE|5.0|First came Alien, which set the standard for horror in space and after that its sequel, Aliens which is so many way surpassed the original. The movie also now has additional footage, almost 17 minutes of it in the  Special Edition. In addition to an incredible movie, this DVD features a  comprehensive &quot;Behind the Scenes&quot; feature which is what fans  [like me :)] long for and now have access to. Even the DVD menu is  incredible and true to the movie. I highly recommend this to anyone who can  get their hands on it.
B00000K19E|4.0|An engrossing story line coupled with amazing special effects.  I'm not a big Keanu Reeves fan but he passes along a believable character.  I hadn't rented the movie last week when it was released waiting for the DVD version  to arrive at my house.  The movie was excellent up until the movie stopped  playing at chapter 19.  What a gip.  Now I have to find the VHS to watch  what I  missed after Ch. 19.  Has this happened to anyone else?  I can't  wait to see the whole movie though.  I'm hooked.  The extra features on the  DVD make it a must add to your collection unless there is a manufacturing  problem with the disk mentioned above.  I probably would have given the  movie 5 stars had I been able to watch it all.  Anyway, risk it and buy it!
0783226063|5.0|Few movies have captivated me as much as Dune. A world so thought out and detailed that few meet. The storyline is not as complicated as many would have you think and as it plays out you learn the secret of the spice  &quot;melange&quot; and the planet Arrakis. I highly recommend this to  anyone who wishes to escape to another world for some time. An excellent  theatrical experience.
630476524X|2.0|This movie would have been a good movie taken on its own, but as a sequal to The Crow it was terrible.  It was essentially a streight re-creation of the orriginal, with only a slightly altered story line.  It also lacked the  impressive visuals and cinematic creativity of the orriginal.  Though the  sub-plot involving Sarah was interesting it did little to aleviate the  shere repetativeness of this movie.<br />See the orriginal, if your a true  crow fan watch this one to.
B000002UAX|5.0|This album deserves 5 stars not because it is the best album of all time by the best band of all time (as neither is the case) but because it is so many worlds beyond the average pop album recieving 4 stars that a rating  system such as this could never do it justice.  If the scale were 1-10, I  might give it an 8 or 9.  Matchbox 20 would remain at 4 (if that).  That  the Beatles, and particularly this and a few other albums, were influential  is an irrefutable fact.  Perhaps they did not influence you, or anyone you  know, but they have certainly influenced practically every band from the  Grateful Dead to Elton John to Oasis.  I'm sure the Matchbox 20 boys have  sung along to their fair share of Beatles tunes.  While it might take a  teenager two listens to glean everything contained in the average pop  album, it would take an English professor, a historian, and a few of the  band members many years to interpret every level of meaning contained in  the White Album.  This is why the average pretty boy with four chords and a  sweet voice lasts about a year in our memories, while the cryptic, quirky,  ominous, humor of the Beatles will continue to influence lovers and haters  alike for ever.  If you like music that you don't have think about, pass  right on by.  If you'd like to be confused, entertained, and moved every  time you listen, this album is for you.
B000002N25|5.0|Mark was the driving force behind all the special and creative things that Dire Straits did. But his wonderful talent extends much further than the constraints of that band permitted him to reach. Whilr this record has much  to thrill Dire Straits fans (myself included) its the newfound freedom that  is most wonderful. Listen for the more distanct counttry and cajun  influences in many of these songs. The guitar work is beyond excellent.  Mark has an ability to play exactly what a song needs -- no more no less.  This may not be his flashiest guitar work, but it is his most mature. The  lyrics are typical Knopfler, the more you listen the more you think about  them. There is a great deal of depth to these songs. By all means get this  record. You will love it.
0783223668|5.0|i hAVE tHIS DVD..How Come u Say  It's Not Avalable
0783114893|4.0|The movie builds to peak frenzy, as you discover the truth about the hitcher's activities.  It shows how a nobody can get caught up in someone else's life and death stuggles, with no alternative but to take the matters  into his own hands.  A great psychological thriller!
B000005HLV|5.0|If you say your a &quot;true&quot; black metal fan and dont even have this album.Then I pity you for not.When I first heard this cd, I was possesed from the start.This IS black metal at its purest and finest.No other album  can be compared to this masterpiece of darkness.
6304795254|5.0|An outstanding psychological thriller.  Douglas creates a truly amazing character.  There are numerous twists and plot turns that make it almost impossible to figure out before the final scene. Two big thumbs up!
B000005ILF|3.0|His worst. Makes you think what happenned to &quot;the blue turtles&quot; style. &quot;I was brought to my senses&quot; is amazing, so are tracks 1,2 and that's about it.
0671015206|5.0|This book is a one stop guide to being a millionaire. This book goes into great detail explaining that being a millionaire is an attitude and doesn't come from simply earning money.As an investment professional, it is  refreshing to hear someone outside the profession telling people to live on  less than you make. I have found the people who don't like the book are the  very ones that need to read it and follow the basic principles that it  talks about.
B000002VMH|5.0|This is truely one of the great cd out there that all other cds should try to live up to.  Every song is flawlessly arranged and performed.  Some of the songs are haunting (&quot;Cold&quot;) and some are more reflective  (&quot;Legend in My Living Room&quot;) but rest assured that they are all  beautiful.  I can safely say this was the best cd to come out of 1992.  If  only Annie Lennox could have recaptured the same magic on her second  release, but that's a different review...
B00000K19E|5.0|By far the best movie of the year, if not the decade. Move over George Lucas, the Wachowski Bros. are the sci-fi geniuses of the 90's and beyond.
B00000K19E|5.0|I loved this movie.  I saw it 7 times in the  theatre.  I left the theatre every time speechless. It has been the best movie of the decade. If there is one movie I must own and see over and over again it's this one.  Also  Keanu Reeves is AWESOME!
0780626966|5.0|A Nightmare On Elm street is one of Wes Cravens Ingineous creations, it has set up a new standard for Horror Movies of this century. For those of you who craves for real SOLID Horror Movie this is the movie for you. No  time to loose, buy it now or regret it for ever.
B00000JPH4|5.0|This was my absolute favorite childhood movie, I watched it twice a day and I will never be sick of it. Unlike with Steve (below) it never scared me (although ET did). I think this movie helped to form my imagination and  sense of wonder. It is a must for every video collection!
0385495315|5.0|The author sets up a contest between crytographers and cryptanalysts and shows how this competition has evolved, favoring one side and then the other over the course of  hundreds of years. Through anecdotes and details  about individual contributors he creates a genuine sense of drama as he  shows how codes and ciphers have literally changed the course of history.  He also provides enough technical details to allow the reader to appreciate  the evolution of cryptology from one &quot;generation&quot; to the next.  The most interesting aspect of the book is the insight offered into the  minds and perservence of the incredible people who have devised, and  broken, seemingly impenetrable encryption schemes.  As a computer  professional and a very occasional completer of the Sunday Times crossword  puzzle, I was awed and humbled.
0790731983|5.0|I just saw it again in a bar (on their &quot;Movie Night&quot;), and it was like being in a church--no small feat for this particular tavern. They applauded every musical number and at the end as well. Long live Liza's  &quot;Cabaret&quot;!
B00000IHHN|4.0|Messers. Cocciante and Plamondon have written a great musical play. However, some of the mail voices are too raspy/grating for my tastes. Let's hope the English version uses singers with the same feeling/talent but with  softer sounding voices.
0684874350|1.0|After reading Angela's Ashes, I consulted with an Irish bloke friend who said, &quot;I grew up as a poor child in Ireland as well, but remember he wrote this book to make money&quot;.  True!!!  While I understood and  respected his underprivileged childhood, and admire his recent success, he  displayed poor taste when he finished the book up with his sexual exploits.  It was so out of place in the world of a child trying to cope with  survival. He totally lost it here.
6304711875|5.0|A combination of Kevin Williamson's brilliant script, Wes Craven's directing, and an extrordinary cast makes this one of (if not) the best horror movies of all time. If you are a horror movie fan you need this  movie to make your collection complete.
6300248550|5.0|This film can be summed up in one word --     Wonderful
0899668151|5.0|When you first read this book, it hits you like nothing has hit you before.  The Bell Jar is a book you must read.  The book is very hard to describe, but by the end of the story,you are struck with a bit of wisdom  in your heart.  I recomend this book to anyone who has not read a good  novel in awhile.
B000001ES4|2.0|You know, I bought this because it was recommended by Amazon because I've bought (and liked) Loreena McKennitt albums, but this was just awful.<br />There are one or two cuts that are kinda New Age-y and the rest of  the album is schlocky violin music that's more like Mantovani than  McKennitt.<br />I realize most New Age music skates a fine line between  &quot;muzak&quot; and music anyway, but this album falls on the wrong side  of the line.
1558908498|5.0|This film is the best sequel I have ever seen. It takes all of the aspects of the original Scream and reproduces them with a twist, and doesn't make it seem boring. This film is an unpredictable thrill ride from begining to  end. Both this film and the original Scream should be ranking on the lists  of the top ten best horror films of all time.
B000002JS6|5.0|There is a lot of good (and even great metal) from the past 25 years -- Maiden, Priest, Scorpions, Sabbath. This is not only one of the greatest metal albums of all time, it's one of the greatest albums PERIOD of all  time. 10 songs, 10 kick-ass masterpieces of rowdy, blazing-riff-filled fun.  If you don't own it by now, I'm utterly shocked.
0679731369|5.0|A wonderful book, the emotional core of which sneaks up on you from between the lines. The book's more academic moments are interesting as such yet are deeply enriched by undercurrents of mystery and loss.  &quot;Flaubert's Parrot&quot; is a masterful meditation not only on history  and literature but on our investment in history and literature -- a modern  classic.
B00000DG1R|5.0|It is a really good cd if you are a die hard Duran Duran fan.  However, it is the updated version of Decade so if you are looking to buy Decade, I would reccomend to just buy this album... there is my advice for the  day<br />Kelley,,,
0451169514|5.0|I was lost in this book.  I only wish that the Turtle had not died.  Very, very, scary.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|The songs are catchy and have good lyrics but there is to much swearing
6305603847|5.0|This is THE ONE.  This is one of the rare films that get better every time I watch it, the vivid imagery and the truely amazing attention to every detail set The Wall apart from all other films.  The Wall expresses so well  so many deep and dark feelings that as Pinky is slowly driven insane, we   as the audience are taken down with him in a downward spiral guaranteed to  shock us all.  Never has a film meant so much to me or my friends, we can  sit and discuss the underlying meanings for hours.  But be cautioned!  The  first time you see the wall, you WILL NOT understand it.  This is a film  that must be seen over and over before the meanings start to unravel  themselves.  As a product of a band synonymous with drug use, the addition  of various Paraphernalia supposedly enhances the experience...but all I  recommend is a powerful home theatre system and understanding neighbors!!
B000000WJZ|5.0|I love this CD! Don't be thrown by the &quot;explicit lyrics&quot; warning, he only swears once. This CD is full of excellent songs that you would only hear if you bought the album. &quot;Soma&quot; is one of the  most beautiful songs I've ever heard. Worth every cent!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana's mix of latin rhythem coupled with the various guest performers on the cd combine to create a mix of music that you won't find yourself skipping through with your remote control.  I listen to it when I study,  it's very relaxing.<br />James Marchetti, student, UNC Charlotte
6303369170|5.0|A perfect film by Kusturica. Excellent soundtrack and excellent performances... Not for an average American...
1567184855|5.0|This is a great book. He delves into the between-lives area, where past lives are sorted out and future lives are planned. He cracks many of its mysteries, fearlessly exposing what so-called channels remain tight-lipped  about. Must read for anyone who suspects they may be more than an animal!
B000000OQF|5.0|Slash can play. Izzy can play. Axl can sing. High. This album..well just buy it. Just for Sweet Child O' Mine. One more thing: any idea what the guy below this review is trying to say?
B0000214F0|3.0|Raunchy, in-your-face, s&amp;m shocker flick boasting the bratty but ruthless, perverted roman emperor. (But who wasn't during that time period?)  And, an effective reminder of how little has changed in society's  addiction to sex and power.  This is a definite after-midnight video to  watch with someone you are comfortable with.  (Or a warm-up before heading  to Wednesday Bondage-a-go-go night at the Trocadero in SF!) It's pretty  much a soft-core X movie.  I ended up feeling eager, disturbed, sorrow and  laughter through most of the scenes.  A must-have for Malcolm McDowell  fans.  Otherwise, it's a movie you want to rent, not own.
B000000Y2R|5.0|There seems to be less bird and diz music sets than some fans and musicians might like to access. I am a Jazz Alto sax player who takes over from where Parker left off, but even with my extensive Parker LPs, tapes,  and CDs, only three are specifically the two founders of Bebop playing  together.  Other old LPs have lots of takes but you have to guess, quite  often, that it is dizzy on trumpet.  No big problem for me, but new fans  and music students might have some difficulty.  If I had tons of money, I  would buy &quot;Jazz AT Massey Hall by The Quintet&quot; in quantity and  send it to every middle school music department.  Charles Christopher  Parker invented modern music, and as Charles Bukowski wrote, guys like  Charlie Parker and J.S. Bach usually show up about once every century or  two.
6304994540|5.0|How can you not fall in love with this movie the first time you watch it.  I saw it for the first time a couple months ago and now I watch it almost every day, yes yes.  With a wack cast including the mysterious  &quot;Stranger&quot;, a brilliant job by Brant (&quot;Wonderful woman, Mrs.  Lebowsky, we're all very fond of her&quot;), and how can you not love  Quintana (&quot;Me and Liam, we gonna F-you up.  You said it man, nobody  F-s with the Jesus&quot;).  I couldn't reccomend it any more, and...  well...like...you know!<br />The Dude abides, man.
B000002TP7|5.0|Most CD's have a few good songs in addition to a bunch of garbage.  This is the only exeption I have ever found.  Just pop in the CD and listen; every track is excellent!  You'd think it was a best hits album (which the  Beasties should make, by the way). Five stars.
0783226063|5.0|This is a great movie for sci-fi and fantasy fans. I recommend it highly
B000006045|5.0|I discovered this group after watching the movie 'The Matrix.'  It's not actually part of the soundtrack (the character Neo is listening to it on headphones) but I find the music suits the mood of that movie much better  than the actual soundtrack.  I'm hooked.
B00000DFRS|4.0|I was a fan of Whitney when she first came out but after the horrible Im Your Baby Tonight and her endless soundtracks(which are good) I found myself less and less interested in her sound. However with this album  Houston injects some life into her music and much needed life at  that.Instead of the endless ballads she sings some uptempo songs. Its not  right but its okay has become my mantra. And there are other really good  songs as well. Although there are some of those sickning babyface ballads  on here, overall the album is good and Whitney delivers and peaks my  interest in her again.
0792838297|5.0|The most shocking and disturbing reality that this movie brought to my attention was that deep down inside I know that I'm going to watch television again someday after seeing this movie, and I'm not even going to  feel guilty.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is wonderfully written and obviously genuine and from the heart.  I feel honored that this story and these priceless thoughts were shared in this forum.  Another great book of wisdom &quot;Timeless  Wisdom&quot; shares secrets to happiness in the form of Quotes from  hundreds of great masters!
0790731452|2.0|A spoof of all those low-budget sci-fi flicks of the fifties and sixties.  This was supposed to be a comedy, but I found it to be very grotesque and tasteless instead of funny.  A waste of an all-star cast with its plethora  of overacting and lousy special effects.  It's best to see it on one of  those premium cable channels instead of renting or buying the video if you  just want to relieve your curiosity.
B000006NXP|5.0|Kleiber's interpretation, as always, is unorthodox and puts it in a different category from the rest--the Kleiber category. This famous award-winning recording is one to keep alongside the your other Brahms 4  recordings--perhaps not your main recording, just the most powerful and  riveting. It's a cliche, but once you start listening, nothing can distract  you from following Kleiber all the way to the end. However, if you are not  already familiar with this piece, I would not recommend Kleiber as the  introduction to Brahms Symphony No. 4. Get another one first and then  compare it to this one. You'll then see how Kleiber chooses to forsake the  Romantic librato altogether with his trademark &quot;clipped&quot; phrasing  and instead draws the listener into the underlying structure. At first one  might think this is a emotionally &quot;detached&quot; reading, but  paradoxically, it is actually the most passionate performance available.  The CD cover photo shows how Kleiber really got into the dark mood of this  terrifyingly tragic masterpiece. This is truly a listening experience  unique in the world of classical music recordings.
B00000K19E|4.0|I saw this on video as a late night option, figuring that it would be a &quot;so,so special effects  showcase. To my suprize this movie &quot;ROCKED!&quot;. I was rivited to my seat during the action sequences,  and deep thinking the possibilities in between. Must see for guys and girls  that crave action and suspense, but don't want to get a brain cramp in the  process!.
B000002JOF|5.0|I heard &quot;The Road to Hell&quot; (part II) on a local FM station and wrote to them to see who this artist was, I had never heard of him.  I got this CD and it blew my mind.  Although the album is now 10 years old, it  sounds like it just came out.  Along with the Title track - &quot;You must  be Evil&quot; and &quot;Looking for a Rainbow&quot; are also great.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie starts from the beinging until the end with action. I recommend this movie for anyone who likes action movies. Bet you will watch it again within one day after the first viewing. I have watched it now 4 times and  everytime it gets better. Has a great story line. It will keep you  wondering.
B00000JMOF|5.0|First, a little background. This was the first DVD title I purchased, following on the heels of a full home entertainment center. Imagine my surprise when the picture practically jumped off the screen. It has to be  the sharpest B&amp;W film I have ever seen, even in the theatre. The  soundtrack was outstanding; clear and free of hiss. As for the movie  itself, it's a classic in the truest sense. Buy all of the DVDs in the  classic horror series, you won't be disappointed.
6304675399|5.0|I think that this is the best of modern day horror movies without a doubt. It's very gory, fast paced, and the story was very creative. My best line in the movie was Billy quoting Norman Bates' &quot;We all go a little mad  sometimes.&quot; It was a great flick, go out and get it!
B00000K19E|4.0|I have just watched this film and thought is was brilliant.  Everything about it is well crafted into a spectacular movie. The only bad thing was that a friend the other day warned me about the DVD version saying that  there were problems.  This shows up normally during the action scenes,  where the screen starts jumping, skipping and displaying little blocks  across the screen.
0671578278|5.0|Alright, despite about what some reviews whine, there IS a shoot-em-up.  Which is far, far from the point.  This is a delightful, funny book containing some of LMB's most brilliant zingers ever (&quot;It can't be  THAT couch, can it ... ?&quot; exploded in my brain at a certain point).   It's also quite faithful to her characters.  Look, despite Miles' history,  John Christian Falkenberg he isn't -- he wins on forward momentum and  playing situations on his veins, not on being the ruthless strategist  possessed of crystalline cold logic, and being helplessly in love doesn't  change him.  Thank heavens.
B000002H4Q|4.0|well sure it's a great cd and all but dont get this one first.you really have to be a major cure fan to enjoy this,but the good thing is that some of their best songs ever came out of this, songs like catch&amp;just like  heaven. i guess it might be worth picking up for a few great songs like  torture,how beautiful u r,the snakepit,all iwant &amp; the perfect girl.  but before you get this you should really check out disintegration or  pornography.
6303471714|5.0|Bought this 2 weeks ago and am amazed at how fast my stomach has trimmed down.  Enjoy working out with Cindy - she doesn't do the bubbly, hyper thing - Just a good, hard workout.  My 18 year old daughter is the one that  told me about this video and she loves it too!
B000002KIE|5.0|wow!this cd,is truly punk i love it from beginning to end. this cd in my mind changed everything about music in general.and the cool thing is you could listen to it over and over again and never tire of it.so if you dont  already own this one, i suggest you get it right now,don't wait any longer.
0440178002|5.0|If you are interested in insights into the Japanese mind, this is a wonderful source. Blackthorne, who is based on an genuine 15th century pilot, is shipwrecked in Japan and proceeds to be taught, by force at the  beginning, how to live a totally different life. He becomes involved in  political intrique and the love of his life. A wonderful read, I have read  it half a dozen times at least.
0784011796|5.0|This film is all about metaphysics...&quot;as I think, so it shall be.&quot; If you are an open-minded individual and love to think, viewing this film is time well-spent. It may open windows, or even Doors...
0451191153|4.0|As a 'Do-er' you should not care what Howard Roark or anyone else for that matter would do.
B000003TBP|5.0|I really have not been a Beck fan for very long.  The first Beck album I bought was &quot;Odelay&quot;, which was about a year ago.  The only reason I bought it at the time was because &quot;Where It's At&quot; and  &quot;Devil's Haircut&quot; were on it. But after I listened to the entire  CD, I could not keep it out of my stereo.  I heard what is now my favorite  Beck song to date, &quot;Hotwax&quot;.  I thought that this was a fluke, I  mean how many songwriters can have an album with all awesome songs?  To  test my theory, I went out and bought &quot;Mutations&quot;.  Once again,  Beck outdid himself, with great numbers, like &quot;Lazy Flies&quot;,  &quot;Cold Brains&quot;, &quot;We Live Again&quot; and &quot;O Maria&quot;.  All right, he's good, but nobody's perfect.  The very next day, I bought  &quot;Mellow Gold&quot; which, of course, had &quot;Loser&quot;.  Every  song, completely addictive, especially &quot;Snoozer&quot;,  &quot;Beercan&quot;, &quot;Nitemare Hippy Girl&quot; and &quot;Soul Suckin'  Jerk.&quot;  &quot;Odelay&quot; got me rolling on the Beck Bandwagon.  I  searched, and finally found &quot;One Foot In The Grave&quot; which ranks  all the way up with his other awesome albums.  I am in the process of  receiving &quot;Stereopathetic Soul Manure&quot; which I ordered from  amazon.com.  I am also anxiously awaiting the release of his newest album,  &quot;Midnite Vultures&quot.  Beck is one of the most  original, raw and taleted artists of our time.  He's so amazing because he  doesn't just stick to one genre of music.  I mean, he made country music  sound HIP for Pete's sake.  His lyrics cannot be turned into negative  influences, because no one knows what to make of them.  In a time of  &quot;gangsta&quot; rap, telling kids to do drugs and shoot people, Beck  gives music listeners what music listeners really want:  good music, with  none of the hassle.  We're just able to sit back and listen to someone  who's writing music for music's sake.<br />Signed, Beck's biggest fan/>Signed, Beck's biggest fan
B00000K19E|5.0|Now i've read most of the comments left by other patrons, to those who would call it meaningless &quot;eye-candy&quot;, your wrong. To those who would say that its a rip off of Total Recall or Blade Runner, your wrong.   It is a whole original, in fact the most original plot to be put out by a  major picture studio in years.  The cinematography in this film is  exceptional, Lawrence Fishborne's voice is more striking than that of Darth  Vadar, to those who say its confusing, go back to school. As for myself i  have had the DVD for a good week and i am constantly getting requests to  see it again and again.  I do believe that at this moment it is my favorite  movie, up there with films such as Star Wars and 2001&amp;2010 (though the  books ARE better, sorry Stanely) Please if you haven't seen it buy it,  steal it, do what ever you need to do to see this movie. Oh yeah and make  sure to turn the lights way down and the volume way up, its better that  way.
0375707972|3.0|I've tried to find gracious ways in which to describe this book but the truth of the matter, for me, is that this was simply an o.k. read.  Although the subject matter is of interest the writing failed to connect me  to the experiences of the characters in any memorable way.  I'm certain  that this would have been a much better literary experience if I could read  German and experience the book in its native language.  Throughout the  entire novel, I kept feeling that there was significant meaning lost in the  translation to English.  While in San Francisco, I met a couple who  simply loved the book.  In my brief conversation with them, they confirmed  that most people with whom they've spoken with about the book either loved  it or hated it.  I'm somewhere in between. The Reader is an easy enough  read but not very engaging.  I highly recommend the book to high school  children who are starting to learn about the Holocaust (and no, I don't  think the relationship between Hanna and Michael was child abuse).  For  adults who are looking for a more intellectually stimulating read on the  subject matter I strongly recommend Ursula Hegi's Stones From The River.
B000002H6C|1.0|Did you ever hear Tales Of Topographic Oceans by Yes ? They were known for having &quot;chops&quot; but holy cow they didn't know when to end a song either.At least Metallica followed this turkey with something as wonderful  as &quot;The Black Album&quot; to help erase the pain.They sure didn't  serve any &quot;Justice&quot; on these 2 LONG records.It's more like they  were dishing out the punishment.They committed the crime.I just don't know  what the big deal is about this particular album,not Metallica in general.
B0000028RR|5.0|&quot;Know Your Enemy&quot; has to be one of the greatest songs ever.It rules and is amazing along with the rest of the album.But why do people player hate?'Cause they're telling the truth and the truth isn't something  you always want to hear.A good example would be &quot;killing in the  Name&quot;.It adresses the problems of the Catholic church,like when the  church went around killing people 'cause they weren't Catholic,which they  don't want to talk about but that really happened.Anyways,Rage rule and we  worship but don't hate them 'cause they tell the truth.BTW Bob from Austria  has some testicular fortitude.
0671027344|5.0|I'm 21, and was a freshman in high school in 1992 just like Charlie.  There were moments in the book that made me cry because I could relate so perfectly to what he was feeling.  I finished thinking that maybe I wasn't  the only person who had felt the way I did during high school. Back when I  read young adult fiction, it was all about cheerleaders and football  players and the &quot;popular&quot; crowd, or the kids who desperately  wanted to be them.  I think it is so cool and refreshing to see a book  about a teenager who tries to live his life outside of the mainstream,  without turning him into the typical &quot;freak&quot; stereotype. From the  books Charlie read to the music he listened to to the older friends he  made, this book is such a fabulous portrait of what it meant to be a  teenager in the early nineties.  This is really the first represention of  adulescence that I have ever read and been totally able to identify with.  My only caveat was the format, which I found a little stilted.  I would  have preferred a straight first-person narrative without using letters as a  frame.  But, that really didn't take anything away from my enjoyment of the  book. While I think that people in their early twenties would love this  book because it may reflect their experience, I also think it would be a  great read for younger teens.  The book has some really cool progressive  stances that you don't see in a lot of YA fiction, not to mention that it  alludes to quite a few other really great books. When I finished the book  it was 4 am, but I woke my boyfriend up anyway and told him that he  absolutely had to read this book.  I bought a copy for my sister for her  birthday.  Now that I think of it, I should give my parents a copy so that  they could understand where I was coming from when I was 15!  Anyway, it's  one of the best books I have read in a really long time.
0964385619|1.0|I agree with another reviewer who said his favorite part of the book was the first two chapters. Sums it up for me.<br />The rest of the book repeats the mantra - don't indulge in buying material goods - furniture, cars, etc.  (guns/butter theory) Save your money. Invest in things that will pay you.  Make money work for you; don't work for money.<br />Certainly a lot of wisdom  there, however, it's pretty basic.<br />I was troubled by the author's  attitude towards the average worker. Somewhat condescending. The author's  dad [poor dad] was a college professor. The *second dad* [rich dad] was a  neighbor who had invested in real estate and businesses and took young  Robert under his wing. Rich dad pointed out different folks in his employ  and told Robert &quot;you don't want to be like them.&quot;<br />And why is  that? Because they didn't have the vision to invest? Because they weren't  rich? Because they were working in service work? Wow. Kind of harsh.<br />One  gets the impression the investor dad [rich dad] worked constantly. A real  workaholic. Is that the model we should aspire to? This book uses money as  the measure of success. I have a problem with that.<br />College professor dad  [poor dad] and others like him who work 9-5 jobs and struggle to support  their families were regarded as parents of a lesser ability or lesser  vision.<br />The counter-argument might be, well, Robert retired at 47 years  of age. I don't know about Robert, but when I'm 47, all my kids will have  grown up and left home.<br />Robert makes good points. However, I found  myself getting swept away with the dream of being wildly rich and had to  stop and ask myself &quot;What are my goals in life? Where do I want to  spend my time? Invest my energies?&quot;<br />Robert makes the point that we  do have to get off the hamster wheel of doing things the way they've always  been done. Good point and well made.<br />However, I remember something an  older friend told me years ago. He worked two and three jobs the whole time  his kids were growing up, so he could invest and live comfortably at  retirement. He said &quot;If I had it to do over, I'd have enjoyed the kids  more and worried about the money less.&quot;<br />Roseworked two and three jobs the whole time  his kids were growing up, so he could invest and live comfortably at  retirement. He said &quot;If I had it to do over, I'd have enjoyed the kids  more and worried about the money less.&quot;<br />Rose
B000001AKM|5.0|I truly believe that Lionel Richie has been one of the greatest musicians of our time. He has such a great voice and beautiful songs. I wish he would come back with a new record that would take everyone's breath away. All  love to him!!!!!
B000002HH2|5.0|This record is a very wonderful thing, and I'm so glad it exists
B00000IGGA|5.0|Mule Variations has a well-rounded personality.  This album contains beautiful ballads, great beats, and a very witty sense of humor.  Every possible human emotion is covered in Mule Variations.  Waits' latest piece  of work has images and a feel from older works such as Closing Time, The  Heart of Saturday Night, and Small Change.  Mule Variations also contains a  similar feel to some of Waits' more recent works such as  Swordfishtrombones, Raindogs, and Bone Machine.  This is a wonderful album  that not just Tom Waitss fans would find brilliant and entertaining.  In my  opinion it is Waits' best work since Raindogs... and definitely one of  Waits' best pieces of work!
B000005ILF|1.0|Sting's first 3 albums were all amazing collections of well-written music with great production. His 4th, &quot;Ten Summoners Tales&quot; was still a catchy, if rather pedestrian album. Clearly aiming at the top 40 charts.  This one, &quot;Mercury Falling&quot; (read - interest falling), is an  attempt to cash in on &quot;Summoners...&quot; success...it sounds forced.  Nothing memorable here. Sting sounds bored. The only good thing I can say  about it is that the production values are still high, but if the songs  aren't there, what's the point? Total lackluster.<br />It seems that el-Stingo  wrote best when he was going thru emotional crises of some sort. Now he's  rich &amp; contented, and obviously trying to remain that way by cashing in  on his sucess &amp; prostituting his writing skills. Maybe he should write  only when truly inspired so he's not wasting his time (or ours).<br />After a  truly DULL concert on the &quot;Summoners&quot; tour and then this album,  I've lost my faith...
6302610702|5.0|Godfather II and I are my favorite movies (in that order).  They represent movie-making at its finest and are truly the benchmark by which all movies should be judged. Godfather III was not a horrible movie, it just suffers  by comparison.  Godfather III's flaw was the miscasting of the female lead  which proved that not all of Francis Ford Coppola's relatives can act.
6304457383|1.0|This movie is not scarey.  This movie is not even funny because it's trying to be scarey.  Just an incredible waste of film and time.
0670880728|5.0|I laughed out loud on every page.  This book epitomizes the struggles of being in your late 20s, professional and single/dating with parents who were married and &quot;normal&quot; by this time in their lives.  I loved  it!
0887307396|5.0|This was a scholarly work, well founded in research, and rounded out with case studies from visionary companies and their non-visionary counterparts.  It contrasts the strategies used by visionary companies to build strength  across decades.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed's new album is really awesome.  This album, while simpler than the first album, draws much more on their strong points, which are Strapp's vocals(which have much improved since the first album) and the gloomy minor  keys in which they write their songs in.  Awesome CD
B00000IQCF|5.0|No doubt, Almodovar's most mainstream film.  It is, nevertheless, a very taut and accessible film, with a glossier and more sophisticated look than any of Pedrito's previous efforts.  Also, his most dramatic film to date.
0671578278|4.0|When I first read the cover slip and all the talk about romances I settled in for a long, boring read. Well, I finished it in one day. Very amusing. And entertaining, which surprised me cause there are no space battles or  the like. I envision Ms. McMaster Bujold writing about the Vorkosigan  family for years to come. Miles deserves to be a parent of some kind of  misfit kid.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This album is great. Maybe not as good as &quot;My Own Prison&quot; when it comes to total quality, but &quot;Higher&quot; is there best song to date. Check out songs 8-10 its a great run of songs similar to that of  songs 8-10 on &quot;My Own Prison.&quot; If you liked their first album you  should definately own this one too.
0767903811|5.0|Thank you for making me laugh.  I especially embarrassed myself while reading at my desk on my lunch hour (the piece about the frequent flyer miles.)  I could just picture the stuff flying about all over the airport.
0679745203|1.0|This is the kind of book that some English teachers might point to as &quot;great writing,&quot; but I found it incredibly pretentious and overblown.  The characters ultimately are cardboard and uninteresting, the  plot is not particularly riveting, and I found the writing style to be   pompous and irritating. In trying to wade through this thicket of  inpenetrably stuffy verbiage, I ultimately was bored silly.  This book gets  my &quot;Emperor's New Clothes&quot; award for this year.
B00000ILBK|2.0|Gene Roddenberry had a vision of humanity that had overcome its worst tendencies, which is what makes the original, and to some extent the Next Generation, so appealing.  When the writers of this movie decided that the  villain should be someone approved of by the Federation, they subtley  betrayed Gene's principles.  Whether they created a good movie with that  betrayal, judge for yourself.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Now it can be told: Stephin Merritt is a genius. Be prepared to spend a lot of time with one (or all) of these discs in your CD player -- they are almost as impossible to dislodge from there as the tunes are from your  mind. By turns funny, sad, wistful and covering most of the popular genres  of the last 40 years, _69 Love Songs_ is easily the best three releases of  the year, and may be the best pop album of the decade.
0671015206|4.0|Yes, the book overstates that you should be frugal in order to accumulate wealth. It also clearly asks, What are your goals?. If your goal is to be financially independent then read this book and find out how real  millionares have made it, otherwise this book might even offend you.
B00001QGPS|5.0|this is a really blazin cd
B00000K19E|5.0|Best sci-fi I have seen in a long time. Only problem I could find was digital blocks during some action scenes, restsrting the chapter cleared it all up.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you have a Blue and White G3 or a new G3 Powerbook don't despair!! You might just be able to get that great DVD to play. Press and hold command-option-i before/as you close the loading tray. You should get a  regular cd icon on your desktop. Now open Apple DVD player and  wala...enjoy. Just remember Think Different.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Mirrorball is a mustbuy for any Sarah fan.  Sarah put a lot of her fans favorite songs on this CD: Building a Mystery, Possession, The Path of Thorns, Angel, Sweet Surrender, Ice Cream, Adia, I Love You, Do What You  Have to Do, Fumbling Toward Ecstasy, Good Enough, Hold On, Fear, and I Will  Remember You.  Even though I would have liked to see Black (from the  X-Files album) and Black and White from Surfacing, she has enough great  songs that not even I'll put to much effort into complaining about.   Whoever buys this CD, will not be let down.
B0000021RG|5.0|This is my first CD review (usually I write math. articles), but I just had to set things straight after having read some negative reviews. Don't belive it. This triple CD is one of the best live rock recordings ever(on a  par with Deep Purple's &quot;Live in Japan&quot; or Rare Earth's Live  album)! It is rough and wild and beautiful, and fortunately not digitally  &quot;re-mastered&quot;. There are those superb vocal moments of &quot;Does  anybody really know what time it is?&quot;, &quot;Color my world&quot;,  &quot;I am a man&quot;, &quot;Beginnings&quot; and others, great piano,  flute, and guitar solos, there are many 10 minute or so intense  instrumental passages. Some of those are better than others, but for a 3CD  set there are very few weak moments. My personal favorite is the 15 minutes  &quot;South California Purples&quot;!
B000002KIK|5.0|THIS ALBUM MARKS A CHANGE IN TIME .NOT ONLY FOR THE BAND ,BUT THE REST OF THE MUSIC WORLD AS WELL.THE ALBUM IS CHARGED WITH EMOTION. MUCH MORE SO THAN ALOT OF THERE OTHER OFFERINGS.IS THIS THE ULTIMATE SABBATH  ALBUM?......NO I GUESS NOT.BUT IT IS ONE OF,IF NOT THE MOST UNIQUE IN MY  COLLECTION. OZZY IS SO SAD ON THIS RECORD YOU CAN JUST FEEL IT.AND TONY IS  IN FULL MIDLIFE CRISIS STRETCHING OUT FARTHER THAN EVER BEFORE(AIR DANCE)  ALL OF THE SONG'S ARE DIFFERENT AND I THINK BILL WARDS VOCALS ARE  GREAT,GEEZER ALSO SPREAD HIS WINGS ON THIS ONE.MORE JAZZY THAN YOU'VE EVER  HEARD HIM.SOMETIMES CHANGE IS THE ONLY THING THAT CAN SAVE A  SONGWRITER/ARTIST/BAND AND SABBATH REALLY TRIED ON THIS ONE.MASTER OF  REALITY IS BRILLIANT,BUT TEN YEARS LATER,,,WELL YOU CAN JUST IMAGINE HOW  SICK OF SWEETLEAF THEY MUST HAVE ALL BEEN.I LOVE THIS DISC AND THE REAL  SABBATH FAN'S OUT THERE FEEL THE SAME WAY.IF YOUR LOOKKING FOR A QUICK FIX,  THAN LISTEN TO SABBATH BLOODY SABBATH OR VOLUME 4 BUT IF YOU WANT TO KNOW  THE BAND THAN GROOVE ON NEVER SAY DIE!
B000005ILF|5.0|After a series of good but not exceptional albums, Sting returns to show his true talent in this album, second in my opinion only to &quot;Nothing Like the Sun,&quot; perhaps even better. &quot;Let Your Soul Be Your  Pilot&quot; is a masterpiece, and the entire album is a show of powerful,  sweeping rythms and pieces of music, with the exception of one or two odd  ones.<br />I am a Sting fan, and have bought all of his albums. I like all of  them to some degree, but this and &quot;Nothing Like the Sun&quot; are my  favorites.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This cd was a little weird at first, but the more i listened to it, the more i liked it, it's probably the best cd i've bought all year.  I have nothing negative to say.
B000002UAI|3.0|A real curiosity this one. The first side opens promisingly with &quot;No Reply&quot;, &quot;I'm A Loser&quot; and &quot;Baby's In Black&quot; but starts to wander with &quot;Rock and Roll Music&quot; (which was hastily  released on 45rpm in Australia in place of the superior &quot;Eight Days A  Week&quot;), and gets bogged down with &quot;Mr. Moonlight&quot; and  &quot;Kansas City/Hey Hey Hey&quot;. <br />The aforementioned &quot;Eight Days  A Week&quot; is classic 1964 pop, the suspense of the opening guitar chords  as startling now as 35 years ago. After that however, only Holly's  &quot;Words Of Love&quot; (a rare flop for that artist) and &quot;I Don't  Want To Spoil The Party&quot; shine.<br />The darker timbre of the  Lennon/McCartney compositions suggest a reaction to their heavy commitments  of the previous two years, forcing them into a more introspective mood.  Even Paul's essentially lightweight &quot;I'll Follow The Sun&quot; is  melancholy in tone. The combination of sombre originals and 50s rock'n'roll  covers was ill-conceived, but the handful of Lennon/McCartney gems on this  set overcome any conceptual flaws. Better times, and music, awaited.
0792838068|3.0|The early scenes in this film in which Cage's character's life is unravelling are heartbreakingly real and moving.  The scene where he's being fired by a boss who clearly cares about him is stunning.  Overall,  though, I found this film to be overrated.  It never reaches the level of  such films as &quot;The Lost Weekend&quot;, still the definitive film about  alcoholism.  The acting is excellent throughout, however.
B000002OX7|5.0|As any fan will tell you, this is probably the Who's best work.  I bought this to replace an old LP, and was pleasantly surprised to find that it had not only been remastered, but had bonus tracks as well.  The total running  time is almost 80 minutes, far longer than the original album, and their  rendition of Marvin Gaye's &quot;Baby Don't Do It,&quot; previously  unreleased, is almost worth the price of admission by itself.  This is an  incredible CD.  If your collection can afford only one Who CD, this is it.
6303430570|5.0|Two convenient store clerks come to terms with there love life,there friendship and there future.Discovering in the process that they are not better than any of there customers{which they hate},and that just because  you love someone,dosent mean they love you back.CHARLETTE K
0374172897|5.0|The Hours is a masterpiece in prose, structure and emotional impact.  Of the many contemporary novels I've read, this is the finest.
B000002UA9|4.0|From the Cavern to Abbey Road the Beatles transported the hot primal rhythms of jungle boogie into the lounge rooms of the rest of the world, casting a spell still undiminished over time. The foot stomping animalism  of &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot;, &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; and  &quot;Boys&quot; is their acknnowledgment to the beat: born out of the  urban and regional ghettos of America and shipped back across the Atlantic  to reignite and reacquaint its progenitors with the source material.<br />This  disc spells it out plainly: Rock is youth, anger, joy, and uncertainty.  Elvis before them knew this, and marketed it successfully to hungry  audiences. But the styles changed, rock softened and splintered into  factions: folk, R&amp;B, Tin Pan Alley, novelty, C&amp;W etc worked  alongside and against each other for market share. The corporate face of  music became the artist's safety net, blending raw talent into pliable  product. Gone was the frightening sexual energy which stripped music of its  pretense and challenged the smugness of the conservative establishment. All  that was needed was a fusion of disparate elements and styles to bind Rock  into a seamless agent of change.<br />Before &quot;Please Please Me&quot; the  Beatles had stomped and sweated, and written urgent paeans of love and hope  and hunger which drew from all the transatlantic rhythms filtering into  Northern clubs and record bars. Sensing the right time is instinctive: Sam  Phillips could feel it, as did Parker after him. Epstein felt it and  exploited it, pushing the group to find its identity. Girls, cars, money,  sex - these were just the props of ambition. &quot;Before Elvis there was  nothing&quot; spells out the group's credo succinctly, as if nothing else  mattered. <br />Listen to this and you'll feel the frustration of post-war  austerity and BBC cultural rationing reach its boiling point in the  adolescent angst of &quot;There's A Place&quot;, &quot;Misery&quot; and the  aplocalyptic &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;.
6304467540|5.0|Is this the famous &quot;The Godfather Saga&quot; I saw many years ago on TV? I ask any knowledged reviewer this because recently I bought something named &quot;The Godfather: the complete story&quot;, hoping it would be the  same film as shown on the network but several scenes were missing;  particularly one in Sicily in which Michael witnesses a communist  demonstration singing 'The Internationale'. Does this version includes it?  Please let me know.<br />P.S.: Sure, 'Godfather III' is no match for the other  two, but still is one wonderful film in its own right. Don't be so harsh  with it, since Andy Garca makes as good a Corleone as all the rest!
B00000255F|5.0|I won't bore you with another glowing review of Bruce's best. My God, he was 23 when he wrote this album? What were you doing when you were 23? As Bruce segued from Backstreets to Born to Run live in Philly last week, I  had tears in my eyes. This record will never get old. Period.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best sci-fi/action films of recent times.  Those of us who are huge fans of George Lucas, do not want to betray our loyalties to him and say that there just may be a movie with bigger and better special  effects that Star Wars.  This movie is hear and it cannot be ignored.  It  is the matrix.  Keanu Reeves is the savior of the human race against the  evils of artificial intelligence.  Lawrence Fishburne is the man behind  bringing Reeves to the realization that he is the &quot;one&quot;.  The  outstanding performances of all those cast in the film is another plus.   Very much like Star Wars, all of the cast members are for the most part  little known and so talented.  Every minute of this film is unbelievable.
0788811355|1.0|I'm trying to organize my thoughts so as to do my thoughts on this movie justice.  That it didn't deserve any oscar, let alone 9 or whatever goes without saying.  The buildup to some great romance was more than  disappointing - just another adulterous affair - with of course, the  obligatory female nudity - to show us poor saps of course, just How  Passionate they are about each other.  It certainly didn't show, beyond the  groping of course.  One reviewer had it right - why would anyone in his  right mind have him piloting the plane!!! Of course, with the 90's morality  of today, (where men and women have no idea whatsoever, what REAL LOVE is  all about - only the most explicit idea of sexuality and instant  gratification) our little heroine not only had an affair with someone she  just met, she also manages to euthanize the so-called &quot;hero&quot;. (I  have another name for him, but I'm too polite)  Thanks, but no thanks, I'd  put this in the trash where it belongs
B00001OH7Y|5.0|Finally, the David Bowie catalog has been rereleased.  This is my favorite, and it sounds excellent.  It doesn't include the extra tracks featured on the Rykodisc version, but that's okay; just gives you a chance  to hear it as intended.  The sound is excellent - very crisp and  clear.<br />Warning: Don't be misled into thinking that this is an  &quot;enhanced CD&quot; (multimedia files, images, and the like).  It's  just a promo for his website.
B00000251N|5.0|I've listened to and admired many of Neil Diamonds albums, this one for openess, nature, joy and freedom has seemed to surpass the others (in my opinion)  It speaks of the freedom of flight and the joy of same<br />truly  not of Neil diamond as self, but Neil... in music......
6304366019|5.0|This blew me away in 1977 and even more when they reissued it in 1981 with Liza's 12 minute production number &quot;Happy Endings&quot; fittingly restored. &quot;New York, New York&quot; has only recently begun to acquire  the reputation it deserves, and if some cable outlet like AMC could obtain  the rights and begin broadcasting it in primetime (rather than late night  as its current owner, Turner Classic Movies, always seems wont to do), it  will finally gain the audience it has always deserved. DeNiro truly was  robbed of an Oscar nomination (1977 was a rather weak year for actors), and  I would have stuck Liza in for Best Actress instead of &quot;The Goodbye  Girl&quot;'s Marsha Mason. (If you are a fan of Minnelli's, this is an  absolute must for your collection--her musical numbers are smashingly  good.)
0783235607|5.0|I've watched this movie countles times and it still has that undescribeable sense of, well you simply can't describe it.  But I disagree that this is a horror movie, its a thriller that simply contains a few  horrific scenes.  It should never have been remade or sequeled, I'm sure  Hitchcock meant that deadly smile of Bates's to be the end and for the rest  to be left to your immagination.  I've read the novel and found it lacked  the tension and sheer suspense of the film.  I could go on about this film  forever, I won't.
0671015206|4.0|The book could have been condensed into a long magazinearticle.  I myself can reduce it to one sentence: Financial security,instead of going hand-in-hand with a high income, is built on living realistically within your means by spending less than you earn (accomplished by knowing exactly how much you spend and earn) while actively saving and investing for the long-term.<br />BUT, you have to &quot;live a little.&quot; The millionaire in this book does not live the life you want.  The notion of financial security is most meaningful when you provide a context: the typical millionaire, this book reveals, is financially secure and does not have to worry about money but also is someone with a normal five-figure income who is rich only in assets because all his life he has been a near-pathological miser and ascetic and has almost totally rejected material comforts that aren't strictly practical.  Most of us would happily accept some worrying about finances and retirement in order to enjoy some of the things we just plain want and don't necessarily need.  You only live once.<br />NOTWITHSTANDING, I would recommend taking a peak at this book because the principles it advises, taken in moderation, are desperately needed in today's consumption-obsessed society.  I'm relatively conservative with my finances, and if you are also, you don't really need a book like this moralizing to you about the benefits of being more miserly.  However, too many people, including high-income folks, are way too irresponsible; even if they are not blatantly so (i.e. running up debts they cannot pay), they can use a non-patronizing reality check (before it's too late) about careful spending, saving, and investing.
B00000K19E|1.0|We're batting 3 for 3 here that don't work.  A friend can't play his on his PC or DVD (Samsung) &amp; we've tried 2 different discs on ours (a GE player - 3 weeks old).  This is the pits.
6305531412|3.0|I want to give the movie 5 stars because it is one of my favorites, and I was so looking forward to this DVD coming out (it was actually a huge surprise for me when I learned that this movie was going to be released on  DVD the next day!).  I bought it the day it came out (I guess that would be  today).  On the cover of the DVD it says that the trailer from the movie is  on here.  Well, it's not.  As for the picture &amp; sound quality, very  nice, but it would have been nicer if Touchstone had slipped in those  &quot;bonus scenes&quot; that we only got to see once on TV.If I were  behind the DVD version I would have included all the extra scenes, the  behind-the-scenes special, as well as the trailer.  A movie this good  deserves better treatment.
6304494653|3.0|I liked this movie a lot. But they could have picked a better story line for it. If they want to put fighting in it, fine. If they want to put romance in it, fine. But I don't think that a kid learning karate so he can  fight his girlfriends x-boyfriend over HER is a very good story line. In  the end it was not so much over her. But I think they should of changed the  story line a bit.
B00000AFHM|5.0|Belle and Sebastain write the best songs of any artists out there. They are beautiful british pop band in every sense of the word. Coming off a little less like the modern day Kinks than onprevious efforts, this album  is truely a gem. While they never &quot;rock&quot;, B+S due make powerful  music and this is them at their best. &quot;Seymour Stein&quot; might by  the prettiest song you'll ever hear until you get to &quot;Dirty Dream  #2&quot;. A wonderful display of songwriting, The Boy With The Arab Strap  is truely magic.
0689505698|5.0|It has been my pleasure to read this book aloud to school groups of all ages and to give this book as a gift to &quot;adults.&quot;  While some of the violence depicted in the book may be striking at first, the whole idea  behind the story, not to mention the twist in the end, more than makes up!
B000000YG5|5.0|Any true jazz fan must own the sleek and cool masterpiece Saxaphone Colossus. The album ranks w/ Kind of Blue and A Love Supreme as the premier jazz albums of the late 1950's. An absolute must have
B00001OH7T|4.0|The new Virgin 24 bit mastered reissues of all Bowie's albums have been givin the royal treatment by Peter Mew at Abbey Road. &quot;Young Americans&quot; sounds like it was made yesterday. No over emphasis on the  high and low end, like some remastered recordings.<br /> This album was  David's first venture into the soul sound of the 70's. Bringing on artists  like, Luther Vandross to arrange and sing backing vocals on most of the  tracks. Also tenor sax great, David Sanborn for some soulful soloing. Andy  Newmark adds some solid drumming through out. The opening track &quot;Young  Americans&quot;, features Sanborn in a classic solo and Vandross' thick  gospel like vocal arrangment. The next track &quot;Win&quot;, features the  same but is slow and sultry tune with a nice string arrangment. One of my  favorites on the album. The rest of it is mostly the same arrangment with  varying tempos. All good tracks with decent lyrics. John Lennon adds his  help on the last track &quot;Fame&quot; on guitar &amp; vocals. He also is  on a remake of his &quot;Across the Universe&quot;, which doesn't out do  the original.<br /> A very good sounding remaster! Pick it up.
6305546797|3.0|Imitated, ripped-off and stricken with numerous bad sequels, Halloween made its mark as the original slasher movie back in 1978 when it scared audiences silly and, as word-of-mouth spread, went into the record books as \\"the highest grossing horror movie ever\\".<br /><br />It has lost its power somewhat over the years. Now that we are familiar with stalk'n'slash flicks, such as Friday The 13th and the overly contrived comeback of the genre when Scream made them cool again back in 1996. A masked killer lurking in the darkness is not merely deeply unoriginal but just isn't scary anymore. It's too brainless and uncomplicated to make us think twice about the plot.<br /><br />The tagline was \\"The night HE came home\\" and the \\"he\\" in question is Michael Myers - no, not the guy from Austin Powers. I'm talking about a cold emotionless killer, who pointlessly murders teenagers while his face is hidden behind a William Shatner mask. It wears thinner than Calista Flockhart and the body count is lower than your average Treehouse of Horror episode. Plus there's not a drop of blood to be found. This is a PG-13 with boobies.<br /><br />As a six-year-old child, Michael killed his older sister for no reason on Halloween night. Now, 15 years later, he escapes from the loony bin (suspiciously easy) and returns to his hometown of Haddonfield to kill random teenagers and, for some reason, picks Jamie Lee Curtis as his ultimate prey. I guess at the time the senseless killing was scary in a way, but recent attempts to give it logic (Rob Zombies pointless \\"Reimagining\\") are plain laughable. The sequels just got worse and worse with each terrible new installment, tarnishing Halloween's once good name.<br /><br />The 2.35:1 photography is quite good and it's bizarre that the rip-offs were never shot in full Panavision anamorphic widescreen, because this is definitely the film's best quality. John Carpenter knew this and has stuck with the format ever since. The POV camera and the gradual fading-in appearance of Michael in the background is clever and quite cinematic, something the imitators and sequels never were.<br /><br />The Blu Ray has a reasonably good transfer and sound design. Extras are decent too.background is clever and quite cinematic, something the imitators and sequels never were.    The Blu Ray has a reasonably good transfer and sound design. Extras are decent too.
B000002KC5|5.0|It's sometimes hard for newcomers to Newman's brand of satirical social comment to understand what he's saying.  Many people take the lyrics too literally or don't get the drift at all.  (&quot;Rednecks&quot; is a prime  example on this recording. &quot;Short People&quot; and &quot;Sail  Away&quot; are other examples.) I bought this recording as a vinyl LP in  the mid-70's and nearly wore it through.  When my turntable went on the  blink - then out to the garage sale, it was many years between listenings;  but the tunes &amp; lyrics were recurringly echoing in my head.  A few  years ago I got the CD and I'm hooked again.  I love these songs!  This is  probably my most favorite record to crank up in the car and wail along  with.  Randy Newman is a very strange individual and I love him for it.  If  you want to know what Randy Newman is about, you need to have this CD.   However, you might want to skip the lead track if you play it in front of  your kids or your social activist friends.  They just won't get the satire  until after several listenings or a pointed explanation.
B000003TAR|5.0|In utero is the best nirvana album of all time!! How dare yougive this album a 1! What do you listen to in BrazilTHIS IS A MUSTHAVE ALBUM!!!!!! DON'T LISTEN TO THE REVIEW BELOW ME!!! IT IS FALSE!!!!
B000005DQR|5.0|Just about everyone gives this album five stars.  I'm no different.  Yet, I noticed that some gave it fewer than five (including just 2).  For them:  appreciating this album on two levels is critical.  Listen not just for the  beats, the flow, the vibe; try and also understand the technique.  Shadow  chops up beats individually and quite meticulously, almost by-hand.  He  syncopates in the hip-hop tradition:  hard and fast, rarely ever looping.   The joy is in the intracacy.  So don't compare him to K&amp;D or any  tic-tic-boom.  Listen to this album for the process.
B00000K19E|5.0|Everything about the movie is spectacular---the acting, the visual f/x, the script, the directing, the sound and everything else.It's perfect and if you haven't watched it,stop wasting time and get the DVD.
0201485672|5.0|I can't help but add to the amazing number of five-star-reviews - this book definitely belongs in every software developer's library. Much of this enthusiasm is certainly due to the excellent readability - Martin Fowler  really knows how to write.
B00001QGPS|5.0|A YO, YA GOTTA COP THIS JOINT. I HAD IT SINCE SUNDAY. I WORK AT A RECORD SHOP, I ALWAYS GET 'EM EARLY. BUT BACK TO THE ALBUM. METH AND RED. IT'S LIKE THIS. IF YA LIKE THESE TWO, YA KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT. I KNOW WHAT YA  SAYIN, DEF SQUAD WASN'T UP TO PAR. WELL THIS ONE IS. TRUST ME. I'M NOT EVEN  GONNA REVIEW THE SONGS, JUST GET THE ALBUM. TRICK NUGGETS. METHOD MAN AND  REDMAN.  BLACKOUT-
B00000IGGA|5.0|The only thing better than this cd is seeing him play it live
B00001QGPS|5.0|methodman and redman duo or group rap album is the hottest new album and group of the year since the begining of the generation by group of epmd but methodman and redman are going to be the hottest rap group going into the  next millineum but this album is one of hottest rap game of the year but  the track i like on this album are four seasons featuring ja rule and l.l.  cool j because the song was off the hook with blazing lyrics and beats  while other song i like are y.o.u., checka, blackout and  others song which  are off the hook on the album.
B000006FH5|5.0|Superman, the movie, is an excellent telling of a baby sent to earth because his parents loved him to much too stay on a dying planet. Superman vs. Lex Luthor poses an excellent example of good vs. evil, and the opening  romance of Superman and his only love, Lois Lane is classic. An excellent  movie for anyone who wants action, adventure, and a little bit of romance  wrap up in one movie.
B00000K19E|5.0|Just the movie is awesome, I watched it a couple of times. my idol Keanu Reeves. he was so great and cute in that movie.
B00001OH7M|5.0|Bowie presents here excellent songs about loneliness, melancholia, sadness. &quot;Wild-Eyed Boy from Freecloud&quot; is a pungent song, and Bowie in the flesh loves it. Major Tom is the best persona invented by him,  and Space Oddity is a landmark, not only for Bowie, but for the whole  history of music.
B000005J56|5.0|This is the music I grew up listening to in our Cuban household- reminds of the old Benny More albums my dad still plays.  This CD has music that will appeal to just about everyone who loves music that lifts your spirits.  The music is languid but exhilirating. Traditional Cuban music is soooo  different from what is lumped into 'salsa'and the more modern Latin music;  it's more spriritual, but it still makes your body move, whether your  dancing with a lover, or chopping onions in the kitchen!  WOW! Love it,  love it, love it! Try it and enjoy!
B00001OH7N|5.0|Bowie and Mick Ronson, the perfect alchemy. At least here. Demential gothic songs, hallucinanting riffs, spacial keyboards, tough bass lines, tortured vocals, manic drumwork... what more can I say? Just listen to this  gem, a timeless classic from the beggining till the end.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Knowing that Creed was releasing a sophmore album, I knew it would be magnificant.  I would expect nothing less than the best from Creed, and finally when I heard the album, I was far more impressed than I ever  thought possible.  They have outdone themselves again.  The music puts  emotion in song like I have ever seen.  Each song expels physical reactions  out of me. My hair stands on end and I get chills down my spine.  If you  are a creed fan, this album is an absolute must have.
B000001FI7|2.0|Trippy and highly bizarre, only extremely open-mided listeners should apply here. This music will test both your patience and senses. The music is a shoe-in for &quot;B&quot; movie soundtrack stardom. Portishead is more  music of the posssessed than the &quot;Trip-Hop&quot; hype associated with  it.
0131103628|3.0|I honestly do not understand the rave reviews. This book is only good for someone who has been programming before and just needs a quick reference. If you understand this book from beginning to end and are able to do all  the problems then you are a darn good programmer and maybe that is its  intent. It does state that this book is not for beginners and that access  to a more knowledgeable colleague will help. Great advice. I only would  recommend this book if you have been programming for a while in another  language and want to revisit C. Do not purchase this book if you new to  programming nor should this book be used as the main book for an  introductory C class.
0964385619|5.0|This is an awesome read! I am in the process of reading it to my four children. I want to be like Rich Dad and teach my children the right way to think about money. The contents of this book should be taught in all  schools. It has changed my outlook on wealth and finances. I only wish this  book had been available to me when I was 10 years old! It is an easy read.  If you take the ideas and apply them, you can become financially  independent! Why wait any longer? - BUY IT - APPLY IT - and become wealthy!
0060392584|5.0|Everyone I have ever known who is put into a Catholic School is sick and twisted! This book proves it! Manson is simply telling people to open their eyes and stop letting the world control them.
630349255X|5.0|A truly amazing film that borders on hypnotic.  If you have never seen then you are missing something that will change the way you look at life.  The widescreen Laserdisc version is much better though.  Hopefully the DVD  will be out real soon.
B00000IOSU|4.0|I would give this CD 5 stars if it was from anyone else.  But, since it's Sarah, I have slightly higher expectations... also, I found the crowd noise distracting, as I tend to do on &quot;live albums&quot; that aren't a  single concert.  Also, I would have liked to see more of her earlier work.   Specifically, &quot;Vox&quot;, &quot;Into the Fire&quot;, and &quot;Drawn  to the Rhythm&quot; come to mind, although I don't know if she performs the  latter two in concert.  To me it comes across like a greatest-hits  compilation in some ways.  I recommend it for people who either: 1) Like  Sarah from radio exposure and want the songs they've heard along with some  new ones, but don't want to spend lots of money to buy all the CDs. 2)  Sarah fans who'll buy anything just because it's Sarah.  (I admit that at  times I'm included in this group...) But it has its moments.  Good Enough,  Path of Thorns, and Angel come to mind.  I don't think there's any songs  that Sarah really ruined by putting on here... some people say I Love You  sounds too similar to the studio version.  What's wrong with that?  It's  still a good song.
0790729628|5.0|The Director's Cut is much much better than the original.  IF you've seen the original.  It hits you more directly. By not having the voice over's you can concentrate on the movie itself more, instead of focusing on what  he's saying.  You moron's that didn't like it haven't seen the original 50  times.  AMATEUR'S.....
B00000K19E|4.0|This movie indulges in the idea of reality, but yet is not so far fetched to be completly unbelievable.  Makes many references to biblical phrases and prophecies.  Action scenes are realistic due to the use of multiple  shots, weapons, and speed.  Also, when an automatic gun is fires it lasts  for 5 secs max and he gets a new gun.  One of the first movies to ever  tackle the majic bullets, infinite ammo.  Excellent movie!
B000000OSW|3.0|US is a difficult album to digest, mostly because the mood of the music mostly feels like a soundtrack to a French art film, but there are some real highlights.  Love to be Loved, Steam and Digging in the Dirt are  easily three of Gabriel's finest moments which give the listener some  reason to buy the CD.  Despite the somewhat somber mood of the 'soundtrack'  pieces, the lyrical content is Gabriel's most honest and poignant to date.   Kiss the Frog is more upbeat and cracks the door open to let a little bit  of light into this otherwise disappointing album.  Not a worthy follow up  to So, if you wish to consider it that.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you saw the movie in the theatres well. . you know.  If you didn't, its about time you did.  Some people will want to compare this movie to some of its predicessors.  Dont waste your time with comparisons. This is a very  unique film.  Exciting, interesting, intelligent, and lost of Fun. <br />For  those of you who like the &quot;Behind the Scenes&quot; stuff this DVD is a  must.  Being in the effects field myself, I have read and seen a fair share  on the making of this film.  The supplimental sections of the DVD, give you  a fairly in depth look at how the effects were done, especially the  &quot;Bullet time&quot; sequences.<br />buy it.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a great movie - two words for it, &quot;Buy It!&quot;
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix on DVD is the only way to experience the full excitement of this creative movie.  Moreover if you own a PC, and have a DVD player in it, it's all the more enjoyable to watch.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix glorifies the invention of moving pictures. Imagination, action, feelings it's all in here and it's all in here with maximum dozage. Bravo to the director brothers.
6305127638|5.0|Si bien sale un poco de lo normal de la serie, donde se le da mayor atencion a contar historias de la vida y hacernos entender un poco mas la humanidad, esta tiene un excelente nivel de accion y unos toques de horror  que realmente atrapan. Gran actuacion de Picard, Data y Zefram Cochrane  Esta bueno lo de poder ver los trailers de presentacion, pero tambien me  hubiera gustado, poder verlo en pantalla completa. Pero eso es solo un  detalle
B00000255F|5.0|I first heard Born to Run Album freshman year of college out east.  I hadn't heard of Bruce until this album and was immediately hooked.<br />This is a must have.  I'd rate it as one of the top 5 rock albums ever.  It is  timeless - never get sick of the tunes.  From sunny outdoor parties to  romantic nights, this one works every time.
6302518423|5.0|I have watched this film about a dozen times and every time I see it I see something new. I will never grow weary of watching Greenaway's stunning imagery. Attention Kenneth Brannagh - watch and learn!
B00000JCB2|1.0|....that's all I wanna say
B00000K19E|5.0|The movie is one of the best in the business. Creating wonder and amazement about the world you are in. However, WB apparently didn't test the product fully before it was released on dvd. Everytime there was an  action scene, my player kept repeating a scene. If I went through the disk  by title it would occassionally shut down. If you can live with these  mistakes then by all means get this movie becuase the extra's alone make it  worthwhile
B0000027RL|5.0|I have had this cd since I was in 8th grade,  I am a Jr. in college now.  It is and has always been the best cd I have ever owned.  It has been everywhere with me,  I take it any time I go away because it is so  wonderful.  I know the words to every song.  If you do not own this cd and  you like anyting by Pearl Jam then you do not even know how great they are  yet.  This is a must have album for anyone who likes deep,  meaningful  music.
6305263248|5.0|I was quite disappointed that this movie was not marketed well when it was initially released in the US.  I took a gamble on it because I remembered seeing the poster in the subway, and boy was I glad that I saw it.  <br />The  transfer to DVD was excellent, and the audio track with Frankenheimer adds  to the detail of the film.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who  appreicates a good thriller with action (i.e. The Usual Suspects)
B000002OZY|5.0|This is one of my favorite CDs, let alone musicals.  From &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot; to &quot;Go to the Mirror&quot; to &quot;Amazing Journey&quot;, this CD is filled with memorable songs.  Highly recommended.
0002171856|5.0|I am a Sergeant in the U.S. Marine Corps, and if there is one book that I would consult on all of my survival issues, this is it.  It does, however, deal with some issues that most people probably don't need to know, such as  long-term living, but more does not hurt.  I would reccommend this book to  anyone interested in the subject.  As a final thought, the Marine Corps  Mountain Warfare Training Center in Bridgeport, California, uses this book  as one of their references in teaching their elite survival courses for  U.S. Special Forces!
B000002UVX|5.0|Can the ocean be described
B000002C1X|5.0|give it another and this time read the lyrics alongm, if that doesn't work watch the movie, if that doesn't work listen to Darkside then Animals Then Meddle, and finally the wall one last time.
0767819594|5.0|I didn't think I'd like it when I checked it out..turns out I loved it soo much I bought it already. (and no i dont have dvd )
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It has everything, it has action, AWSOME computer animated graphics, GUNS, Shoot-em-up action scenes, and lots more!!! I suggest this movie to anyone who likes action,  Guns, and Sci-Fi.
0312954468|5.0|Nice blend of history &amp; character development, a truly pleasurable read!
0385484518|5.0|I have not read a book of this magnitude in a long time.   Prof. Morrie was an amazing human being.  He had the secret to inner peace, tranquility and love.  What insight this man had into human nature.  What love he had  for even the smallest events.  He saw the best and, therefore received the  best from those around him.  A MUST READ.  How minor most things real are  in life when you look at the whole picture.  I have received serenity from  reading this book.  I no longer stress nonsense and seek to surround myself  with positive people who can give and take (not just take).
B0000032LS|5.0|I never knew music could be this addictive and truthful until I heard the soundtrack to RHPS. Some of the songs are laugh-out-loud like-&quot;Sweet Transvestite&quot;, and even the shyest dancer will be up and boogieing to  &quot;Hot Patootie Bless My Soul&quot;. While &quot;Rose Tint My World/I'm  Going Home&quot; brought tears to my eyes with its soulfulness and honesty.   Everyone who loves music will love this soundtrack!!
6305297525|4.0|I have never found a more concise, accurate view of what I believe to be true about life/life after death. I say this having talked to many people (my clients) about their near-death experiences and such people as Dannion  Brinkley.  An excellent film.
B0000062GE|5.0|There are very few albums that can take me on emotional rollercoasters.  This one does the job better than most.  The entire cd is brilliantly designed to tell a story (a very sad and depressing story, at that), and  yet each song is an entire story in itself.  Starting off with  &quot;Darkest Days,&quot; you immediately feel the sense of hopelessness  that sums up the first few songs.  Throughout most of the cd (up until the  last few songs) you can just hear Chris Hall constantly asking himself  &quot;What's wrong with me?  Why the hell do I just keep *** up?&quot;   As the cd progresses, you can hear the blame being shifted towards whoever  these songs are about, but still the questions continue...&quot;How could I  have been so blind?  Why didn't I see this coming?&quot;  Gradually the  tone shifts towards absolute despair, with thoughts of suicide.  The best  word to describe this part of the cd is &quot;comatose,&quot; but don't let  that turn you off to it....it fits perfectly with the story.  The tone then  changes quite abruptly, leading towards a feeling of liberation, rage and  hate.  There is a great feeling of release at this point.  In the story,  Hall has finally come to grips with his failed relationships and is  starting to figure out just who he really is, and even though the face he  now sees is not really one he likes, he realizes that it is HIS face.   These last few songs also have a lot of bitterness in them.  In the last  song, the tone changes yet one last time, to merely sadness and regret.   <br />Individual songs that really grab me are &quot;Drugstore,&quot;  &quot;Save Yourself,&quot; &quot;Sometimes It Hurts,&quot; &quot;The Thing  I Hate,&quot; and &quot;Waking Up Beside You.&quot;  &quot;The Thing I  Hate&quot; can nearly bring me to a rage myself, and is one of the few  songs in existance that can affect me no matter what my mood at the time  is.  &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot; just brings me to tears.  I can think  of no other song that can consistently do that to me.<br />I think that what  makes this cd so powerful is the fact that so many people can relate to it  in one way or another.  Very few people are in a perfect relationship, and  many people feel regret and bitterness.  Basically if you can't find  something to like about this cd, either you aren't listening hard enough,  or your life is already absolutely perfect in every way, and you have no  use for negative feelings of any kind.  If that's the case, then you are a  freak of nature yourself, and I salute you.  For all the rest of us, dive  into this disc.  Revel in its despair.  Cleanse your own darkest days in  its sonic catharsis and emerge healed and new.  5 out of 5 stars.
B00001OH80|1.0|I was reading up on David Bowie and where to find some of the more rare tracks that he had placed on soundtracks for films through the 80's. There was a promise made (and everyone was writing about it...) that these would  be on the new re-issues of Bowie's work on the Virgin label. THE VIRGIN  RE-ISSUES CONTAIN NO BONUS TRACKS!!!!!! If you are shopping for these discs  looking for those bonus tracks, keep looking.  Read VERY CAREFULLY before  you buy!
079073382X|5.0|I had always wanted to see this movie and finally rented it.  It is pure poetry.  Julie Delpy plays a wonderful, intellectual &quot;old soul&quot; while Ethan Hawke is perfect as a young, growing &quot;new&quot; one.  They  are so good together.  I've carried this film around with me since, along  with a feeling of hope and keen reminder that the world is wonderful place  - full of beauty, pain, and love.  I've been trying to find the soundtrack,  but there doesn't seem to be one.  The scene in the listening booth is  truly great.
B000009O8A|3.0|An earlier reviewer wrote 'why didn't Keaton just call the police?' That's just the point. That never brings justice. It might be according to the law whathappens then, it's not justice.<br />The slow pace, the long scenes, the silent sequences and the threatening absence of a musical score thoughout the entire film make for a wonderful constant suspense. You KNOW what is going to happen all the time, it's the WHEN and HOW that matter here.<br />The scenery and camera angles are at some points almost poetic and a real contrast to the ugly violence that is shown. That makes the film even more uncomfortable to watch, and that is precisely the point.<br />It's not a brilliant film, there are some inconsistencies here and there, and apart from Camille Keaton's the acting is rather bad. But there are many good points about it as well.
B000005ILF|3.0|The minority of tunes on are great! The majority is all too obvious filler. A bizarre observation is many of the extra tunes on his CD singles of this period where far better songs then what was included on the album.  Pirate's Bride for example...There are others...
B00001SIES|4.0|Muse sounds like a cross between Radiohead, Catherine Wheel, and Jeff Buckley.  Sometimes they sound a bit too much like their influences, but, over all, this album rocks!
6302610702|5.0|Not only is this a great trilogy, but it is very deep in that it forces the viewer to TRY to understand their lifestyle. Alot of us are like &quot;Kay&quot;, the wife of Michael Corleone(Al Pacino), in that we don't  understand why their family was that way. But that's what makes this movie  superior to others. I agree with everyone who says you could watch them  over and over again. For those that want to know, AFI ranked The Godfather  I as number three on the all time greatest movie list. Part II was ranked  somewhere in the 30's. If your a Godfather fan, you just love part III  because it is part of the set. But if you don't have it, I suggest you RUN  and go get it.
B00001NFCY|3.0|Great follow up album, darker, possibily a tad heavier, and surely less mainstream than \\"My Own Prison\\". They may somewhat sound like Vedder, but I don't give a [care]. Pearl Jam has [stunk] ever since \\"Ten\\". Only The only really 'commerical' song is \\"Higher,\\" which they play 24/7.
B000007OY0|5.0|I don't have words to express the feeling you get when you see Shawshank Redemption.  It is an awsome and touchy drama, superbly directed and acted.  Tim Robbins and Morgan freeman were great. I am amazed how come any movie  could have won an oscar award in front of Shawshank Redemption.  Both Tim  Robbins and Morgan freeman could have easily won the best actor award in  this movie.  This movie is a solid prove that in Hollywood awards depends  on politics rather than acting or film.  May be it is time to change the  way Hollywood distributes academy awrad, what about an online survey like  amazon.com(isn't we are living in a democratic country!!!)
0792156684|5.0|&quot;Titanic&quot; is the ultimate movie.  Some people say it is booring; however, if you watch, REALLY, watch you will see it is about more than just Leonardo DiCaprio and a ship that sinks.  James Cameron really pulls  you in; you become involved with and want to know everything about the  &quot;Titanic&quot;.  I have seen this movie more than 10 times and it gets  me every time.  From the score, to the storyline, to &quot;Old Rose&quot;  narrating, to the final pulse pounding &quot;unsinkable&quot; ship going  down...no other movie compares.
0060229357|5.0|This book was my favorite when I was a child.  It sparked my interest in drawing.  I bought this book and others by the same auther for my twin girls.  I hope to spark their imaginations.
0451191153|2.0|Okay, first off, I think that Ayn Rand is probably the most overrated writer in history. While this may be her best novel, (Atlas is one of the most boring piece of trash ever, Anthem is just unmoving, and We the Living  is the worst thing I've ever read) that isn't saying much. Howard Roarke  is, like every other Rand character, a poorly characterized superman who is  never wrong and has no flaws at all. This is Rand's biggest flaw in all of  her work, her hero's have no flaws and her antagonists have no good  qualities. She tries very hard to make a romance out of this work but fails  miserably. None of her characters have the depth required to make a  believable romance, it's like two cardboard cutouts meeting and falling in  love for some reason. Perhaps the only good thing about this giantic  failure that is somehow considered to be a classic by certain people, is  that it stresses the importance of individuality (a quality many  Objectivists lack as they cling to Rand's image like little leeches) but  other than that there is nothing to this novel. It struggles very hard to  be great, you can almost hear it's little flippers slapping the cement  floor of greatness, but it never quite makes it to the pool. It's boring,  overlong with stretches of scenes that have no importance, and there are  basically three characters: her supermen, the lovestruck woman, and  everyone else. It's not as important as people want you to believe, go  against the grain and don't read it. Get some Kafka instead.
B00000JNNY|5.0|Miss Etta James is a treasure. I first heard her back in the 70's and this re-issue is a masterpiece. Forget the Whitney's and the Mariah's..listen to a real Diva sing. You can feel her music.
B00000K19E|4.0|IF YOU LIKE SPECAIL EFFECTS THIS IT THE MOVIE FOR YOU. IF YOU LIKE AND NEED SUBSTANCE THIS MOVIE FALLS SHORT. THE MATRIX WAS INTREASTING THE FIRST FIVE MINS, THEN COMES THE HOLE PURPOSE OF ANY MOVIE WHY? BECAUSE OF IT'S  CONTENTS THE MOVIE HAD TO BE EXPLAINED IN DEPT WHICH TOOK ALOT AWAY FROM  THE ACTUAL MOVIE. I GUESS IF YOU A KID YOU NEEDED THE INDEPT REPORT. FOR  ADULTS YOU WOULD FELL AS IF THEIR EXPLAINING THINGS THAT THEY DIDNT NEED  TO. THINGS THAT YOU CAN SEE FOR YOURSELF AND DIDNT NEED TO HAVE IT POINTED  OUT TO YOU. IF IT WASNT FOR THAT SPECIAL EFFECTS I WOULD HAVE TO SELL MY  COPY. ITS THAT MOVIE THAT IF YOU DO WATCH IT AGAIN YOU WOULD FORWARD TO THE  GOOD PARTS.
0767819462|4.0|I thought Julia Roberts and Susan Sarandon were a wonderful team that worked toghether like two peas in a pod.  This was as good as &quot;Steel Magnolias&quot;, laughing one minute then crying the next. Both women did  such an excellant job!!
089381525X|5.0|Salgado is one of best photographers of our time. If u see those pictures, you can understand for a bit the live of those people.
0375707972|1.0|THE STORY IS SIMPLE YET COMPLEX AT THE SAME TIME, BUT IT REALLY AMAZES ME TO SEE HOW A FOREIGN BOOK REMAINS A FOREIGN BOOK EVEN AFTER ITS TRANSLATION. THE REAL MEANING OF THE STORY MUST HAVE GOTTEN LOST IN THE  MIDST OF IT ALL.
6303477259|5.0|The thing with Pulse is the continuity ot the movie. Superb in every sense- sight and sound. The balance between each instrument is studio-quality and the quality of finish is beyond comparison- even  considering the length of the movie. Prior to viewing it, I was unconvinced  that it would shine, but I was tansformed into a devout fan before the  first song had played through. The lighting is the most amazing aspect of  the movie as it creates such a mood that sets up the music amazingly well.  The music, I found, even being a hard-core Pink Floyd fan was incredible,  despite having heard all of the material in studio format.  Really, though;  this is not just a movie for the true Floydians, but is a musical  masterpeice that HAS to be seen to be understood. Going to a gig will never  be the same after you watch this: the finished product is the most  spectacular concert ever recorded- without any shadow of a doubt. The best  tracks stand up as Shine..., Coming Back To Life, the staggeringly  beautiful One Of These Days and the supreme Comfortably Numb; the 30foot  glitterball turning into a jellyfish type-thing finished the show in  unthinkable glory- definitely one for the musicians and everyone else on  the planet really- the best buy in the entire store!!
034538072X|5.0|WITH HER IMPRESSIVE DESCRIPTIVE ABILITIES, WEIR MANAGES TO RECREATE IN DETAIL THE LIFE OF ONE OF THE MOST FAMOUS KINGS AS WELL AS THE INCREDIBLY INTERESTING LIFESTYLE OF AN ERA.  A MUST-READ FOR THE BRITISH HISTORY  FANATIC.
6304124988|5.0|This movie is worth re-watching over and over again.  It reminds one of how great movies used to be.
B000002KBH|5.0|OK THERE ARE WAY TO MANY 5 STAR REVIEWS OF THE DEAD ALBUMS, BUT THIS ONE IS NOT OVERRATED, RATHER IT IS PURELY AND SIMPLY A CLASSIC.  CLEARLY, FOR YOUR FIRST DEAD ALBUM THIS IS THE CHOICE.
6301161572|5.0|This is wonderful interpretation of Mozart's best opera.  Kiri Te Kanawa, Jose Van Dam, John McCurdy, Ruggerio Raimondi---absolutely wonderful!  And this is a movie version---so it's not done on a stage.  The scenery is  lovely!
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams not only succeeded but outdid himself. The music is very modern but still reflects on the original trilogy with hints and pieces that sends chills down your spine. The recording quality is also very good.  This is certainly one of the best sountracks in my collection. A must have  for any Star Wars fan!
B0000073Y2|5.0|A copy of this album got to El Salvador in 1987 and it became so popular as it was the only copy available in town. The price went up 10 times as the record was so good everyone wanted to have it. This album is a pioneer  in the speed metal realm where Kreator and Slayer had also succeed.
0790736241|1.0|I kept expecting something to happen, and then I realized that the film was over. I'm sorry, but this was about the most uncreative and sheepish attempt at a sci-fi story that I have EVER seen. Jodie Foster spends two  hours reading stereo instructions, then heads off to meet the aliens who  appear to her as a human. REAL CREATIVE. Boy, what a rush, my imagination  is working overtime here. The love sub-plot is completely rediculous.
0393314804|4.0|I really enjoyed Welsh's book, Trainspotting.  Unfortunately, I saw the movie first, which I thought was great...until I read the book.  The book shows a much more painful side of drug addiction, which couldn't be  captured on film.<br /> The language!  I loved the use of dialogue in the  book.  I loved the way Welsh presented the story in the method that is  generally used in oral story telling.  Each character had a story to tell,  and they told it in their own dialect.  This caused me to be a bit lost in  the story line in some places.  The many different characters and  experiences caused some confusion for me in the storyline, and this made me  want to quit the book more than once.  This is the reason why I didn't give  the highest rating.<br /> I would definitely recommend this book to a person  who may have a problem with drugs or have an interest in the drug  lifestyle.  This book will not offer a solution to the problems of drugs,  but will definitely make a person think about the emptiness and pain of a  drug habbit.  <br /> Unlike many of the books on the market that explore the  problems of young adults, Trainspotting does not romanticize the culture;  it makes you feel for the people who get caught in this lifestyle.  Welsh  makes you realize your inablility to reach these people.
B00000IQBM|5.0|One of Stanley Kubrick's greatest triumphs, Stephen King's &quot;The Shining&quot; may not be an exact adaptation of the novel but it is just as, if not more, terrifying.  It's a chilling piece of cinema and one of  the greatest horror movies ever made.  It's atmospheric like few  movies  I've ever scene and every frame is teeming with a pervading sense of dread  that you find impossible to shake.  I don't, AT ALL, agree with Leonard  Maltin's review (then again, I hardly ever do) and his reference that Jack  Torrance's break-down is so abrupt that you don't sympathize with the  character is, in my opinion, totally inaccurate.  When the film begins, the  fact that Jack Torrance is unstable and has abuse tendencies when drunk, is  made perfectly clear.  It is due to this inherent weakness in character  that he easily succumbs to the evil around him. Then Mr. Maltin states that  the film &quot;goes on forever.&quot;  Seems to me like he wants to have it  both ways; an in- depth analysis of the character's psyche and torment yet  realized in a quick and succinct manner.  The TV remake, by the way, though  more loyal to the novel, was insipid compared to Kubrick's terrifying  vision of the overlook hotel and it's three helpless inhabitants.  This  film grabs you by the throat and doesn't let you go.  Another inspiration  on Kubrick's part was the use of contemporary, avant-garde compositions by  master composers, such as Bartok, Ligeti, Penderecki, Carlos and Elkind.   The music adds immensely to the creepiness and horror that's unfolding  before you on the screen and it, like every other seemingly minor detail in  the film, is fused beautifully by Mr. Kubrick, resulting in a rich tapestry  of sight and sound never again replicated in the horror genre.  Truly a  great film.  As effective now as it was almost 20 years ago.  Horror  stamped by genius.
0060926317|1.0|Laughable &quot;spiritual&quot; message about a woman allowing herself to be kidnapped and enlightened against her will??? It is poorly written in so many ways: a preachy, didactic environmental theme, unplausible plot, and  cardboard characters. It is hypocrisy incarnate that this book was written  to make MONEY at the expense of those who have a non-materialistic focus.  Boring fiction.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I have used this film for several quarters in my literature classes -- students went to the theatre on a field trip.  This is a classic hero's tale in the search for truth.  The archetypal images play to the viewer in  a post-modern gothic film with an intriguing but ultimately timeless plot.   The film gets better and better with repeated viewings.  I highly recommend  it for a myriad of reasons.
B00000K2SD|5.0|The intencity of this movie is never ending.  It is a great movie for any special effects buff.
B00000F1D3|5.0|This cd was great it was more than i expected.  I didn't really listen to cher til this cd and i LOVE IT!! :) there's not a song i don't like on this cd@!!!! i belive cher does speak the truth in these songs! ! :)
B00001SIES|5.0|This is an excellent CD.  If you're a fan of either Jeff Buckley or Radiohead (or both), go straight to the store and get this one.  Their music and lyrics are so polished, to think that these kids are only 20  years old is amazing!
B00000JBCP|5.0|One of the best latin rock CD's I know. Almost every song is great on this CD.
B00000JWV4|5.0|It's so above favourite that when I talk of favourite movies I simply set it aside cause I'll know who'll win.  It's also a plus to actually visit the farm this movie was shot at.  Nice summer days do just fine.  Although  it might actually look kewl in the fall.  :)
B000002GLV|5.0|This is John Mayall live with a high energy band who clearly loved improvising and being on stage.  I am not really a jazz fan but during this period of Mayall's wide ranging journey he put in place this band and truly  fused blues with jazz, giving the blues a feel good sound without losing  its heartfulness. Its on my list of desert island albums.
B000002U9E|5.0|The whole work of Kate always inspired me: Since listening to the Hounds of Love I really get addicted to Kate's work and during the last ten years this unique masterpiece of music still moves me.
6303187064|5.0|I don't think as long as I live I will see a film that errupted so many thoughts and feelings in me. Knowing that Brandon died whilst making this makes it spooky too as what an epitaph he has left us in this film,  especially when Sara says 'if the people we love are stolen from us, the  best way to have them not forgotten is to never stop loving them' this must  have been very hard for Brandons sister and mum, as it ended up being quite  prophetic too. I heard that Brandon had a girlfriend , an American actress,  he no doubt would have had a great future and we can do nothing but mourn  the future that he would have had. A lovely looking guy too, aswell as  being talented, the movies have lost someone with alot to give, and we have  lost a great entertainer. I would love to know if there is a fan club for  him still???
6305165912|5.0|A really great dark comedy; hilarious yet disturbing. My favorite comedy along with Blazing Saddles.
B000001GOZ|5.0|Boulez is so precise in his rendering of Mahler's 6th... there is something about that that makes this album irresistible.
B000002KFJ|5.0|The absoulute best Black Sabbath work.  The Writ...Hole in the Sky...the finest BS work period...no discussion needed.
B00000DQT7|2.0|I think the Band were one of the best things to have happened in popular music in the last 40 years; they've been responsible for some terrific music in all of that time. Having said that, I think this album is one of  the most overrated pieces of schlock that ever got served up to the public  at large. It convinced people that a lot of ersatz Americana that wouldn't  have made it past an &quot;Introduction to Screenwriting 101&quot; class at  USC Film School was somehow &quot;authentic.&quot; Small wonder that it was  recorded in Los Angeles or that &quot;Robbie&quot; Robertson, author of  most of the songs here, would later have a second career doing movie  soundtracks. His songs here are cliches piled up on top of one another  (&quot;Oh, to be home again/down in ol' Virginny&quot;.....gimme a  break!!), and coming after the great stuff he wrote for MUSIC FROM BIG  PINK, they really are disappointing.<br />What makes the album somewhat  bearable is the great playing throughout--The Band always had a talent for  making even the worst material sparkle--and two songs that rise above  everything else here. &quot;When You Awake&quot; and &quot;Whispering  Pines&quot; are everything the rest of the songs aren't. They evoke a  timeless rural mood without sounding contrived, with the words merging with  the music almost as one. The late Richard Manuel sings both with  conviction; he also cowrote these particular songs with Robertson, which  may point to a certain &quot;leavening effect&quot; he had on Robertson's  grander conceits. Of the ones Robertson wrote alone, only &quot;Look Out  Cleveland&quot; is sucessful in capturing an old-time feel without having  it degenerate into stock shots. Every other song here cries out for Central  Casting to swing into action.<br />STAGE FRIGHT came out less than a year  later and was a lot more sucessful in evoking an &quot;American&quot; feel  without all of the dross of the last time out. On that album, Robertson  scored bullseyeson every song, making me think he just had to get  &quot;The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down,&quot; &quot;Up On Cripple  Creek,&quot; &quot;Jawbone&quot; and &quot;Across The Great Divide&quot;  out of his system before he could really write some timeless songs. STAGE  FRIGHT is a classic; The Bands's second album is a con-job.
B00000K19E|1.0|I bought the DVD, after seeing the movie in the theater. I got about half way through the movie and it started to lose tracking and got all messed up. I called customer support at Amazon, and they informed me that there  was a problem with this particular DVD on certain DVD players. The  manufacturer is aware of this but refuses to fix it. So please beware that  this DVD may not work on your DVD player, so check before you waste your  time ordering it. Good luck to those who purchase it, hopefully you will  have better luck than I did.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Please take into account that in my own mind I have rated this cd with a solid four and a half stars, not just four.        With that said, let me address the more important matter, the album itself which is light years  beyond in consistency compared to &quot;My own Prison.&quot;  &quot;My  Own...&quot; was indeed a powerful album with highlights that far outshine  the majority of the alt-metal records of late.  The title cut was perhaps  the most powerful, beautiful and by far best song while &quot;What's this  life for&quot; and &quot;One&quot; were also stars in Creed's dark galaxy.   This release, &quot;Human Clay&quot; is just filled with consistently  excellent songs from the near anthem &quot;Are you Ready&quot;, intense and  strange &quot;Beautiful&quot;, flawless and  soulful radio ready  &quot;faceless man&quot; to the superior final four tracks which include  the rocking &quot;Higher&quot; and emotive &quot;With arms....&quot; Creed  has put together a slick and worthy sophomore effort which will indeed  ingrain them in the world of modern rock as a sturdy fixture with a long  life ahead ahead of it. <br />Creed has once again employed both brilliant  instrumentation and poignant,  intelligent lyrics in its effort. If you are  in search of moving lyrics check out &quot;Wash Away Those Years&quot;,  &quot;Inside Us All&quot;, &quot;With Arms...&quot; and the positive and  uplifting &quot;Higher.&quot;  <br />Both fans of Creed's first album and  those who are seeking an intelligent and hard rocking album should find  Creed to be the solution.  Pick up &quot;Human Clay&quot; and journey into  a world where powerful, dark, and beautiful music is of the essence.
0380973464|4.0|Certainly it -could- have been shorter, but I don't think it -should- have been. Perhaps a bit less technical, but overall, I thnk it was a good length. <br />And, yes, it's ending is a bit (though not terribly) weak. But  from the beginning this was billed as the first of three volumes. While not  all story elements are resolved, it wasn't a cliff-hanger. All elements are  tied up neatly enough that you don't -need- to read the following  books.<br />I agree with several other readers that it wasn't as good as Snow  Crash, but it was pretty damn close. And that's high praise.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This is a film that I could never grow tired of.  As a fan of David Bowie, goblins, Terry Jones, and anything and everything fantastical, I really couldn't ask for anything more.  Very few films have managed to capture my  imagination as this one did, does, and always will.  Long live Jareth in  all of his glory...and may there always exist places (even if only in our  hearts) where magic jumps and dances.
B000007O9L|4.0|The Stones have created their best live recording of their career.  From the explosive &quot;Street Fighting Man&quot; to the gentle &quot;Angie&quot; to the bluesy &quot;Dead Flowers&quot;, this recording  has all the elements that make the Rolling Stones so popular, and along  with The Who, the best live rock bank of all time.--&quot;DL&quot;
B00001NFCY|4.0|Hey what can I say that you don't already know...It sounds like Creed (hey, there's a shocker) which is pleasent.  Always a positive message and a catchy sound, but not a great deal of diversity...Can't blame them  though, when ya find something that works, stick with it. It is a  worthwhile cd
B000002C4J|5.0|After a very tiring day's work, this album, among others,revives the soul and regenarates the body. I am grateful to her for her excellent technique and exeptional voice.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I just listen to this CD this morning and I am pretty happy about it. It is as powerful as it's predecessor and it's sure to make a hit. There all pretty good and I'm happy they stayed the same... when something's good,  why change it? The best song in it is the 8th one called With Arms Wide  Open.
031286504X|5.0|Using words like &quot;stereotypical&quot; to describe this book is NONSENSE.  Obviously those comments are from persons who don't know the  literary - or film - history and chronology of the genre.  Matheson's book  was THE FIRST of its type!  This is a horror classic, and now ....  &quot;The Legend of Hell House&quot; has also just been issued by Tor  Paperbacks.  The film of this was even closer to the novel than  &quot;Legend&quot; was.  Richard Matheson wrote some things that were  better than some of his other things, but that's just relative - these  books don't contain anything less than very good.  One of the finest of  horror writers - period.  It's a real shame that the majority of the youth  generation are so shallow and/or uneducated that they haven't got the good  taste to recognize this.
0425170349|5.0|He finally found some real life dangers to ponder on, and does it greatly. His heavy description beefs up the book and the extra adjectives make hime better than fellow author Michael Crichton
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie has the best of every action packed sci-fi movie you have ever seen or imagined!  Great plot, great effects, great actors, and great directing!  Certainly sets the bar higher for all sci-fi/action movies to  come!  If you buy one DVD in your lifetime....make it this one!!!!
B000000ISO|5.0|Hi, I will only say that it is the best album on the world. Normally, you get bored in two or three months even if you listen to your best favorite singer. However, this one is different. It has no boundaries in space and  time. You can keep it as a gift to your newborns.
B00000ILGB|5.0|Yeti is the best album of the Krautrock movement, which produced a tremendous amount of great rock (see Neu, Can, and Faust for other esentials).  Other Amon Duul albums are great and creative, but this one  transcends.  More than an experience; an entire universe of sound.
B00000K19E|5.0|the movie was fun keep you on your toes and the acting was suberb. A little confusing at first and then saw it for the second time and really got into it. I recommend this movie for the adult crowd with winter  coming  settled back and enjoy.
0783211856|5.0|Anybody that has said it was bad, is wrong. If you say it is unreal, you are crazy, considering the man, and material is true, it is draining, powerful and stunning, it stirred me beyond any film ever made.  Filmed in  black and white, the only color in the movie is perfect, the film is  absolutly amazing, from the ighting candles of the opening credits, to the  stones being put on Schindler's grave it is a beautiful film which has yet  to be outdone. And to the guy who said it 'wasn't funny', tell me, when the  hell did the holocaust become funny??  I don't remember the last time I saw  6 million people dying and laughing.
B000001G6W|5.0|Karajan gives a spirited reading of the first, second and fourth movements of the Beethoven Ninth.  Furthermore, while many conductors' interpretation of the third movement can be lifelessly dull, Karajan takes an  appropriately reflective, even pleading approach to the third movement.   The fourth movement is so well performed as to be deemed inspirational,   with a memorable performance by the tympanist in the movement's final two  minutes that will knock your socks off.
B0000057C5|2.0|This album, and Rammstein in general, try many different concepts which would be a good thing except you'll find each concept done better everywhere else. If you want some hard rocking industrial then check out  another band originally from Germany known as KMFDM. If you want the  intensity then go buy an album from Slayer (can you handle that?) and if  you want REAL industrial then get a cd from Front Line Assembly. Anyway you  look at it, Rammstein just dosn't cut it
B000001GAO|5.0|I love Mozart's Requiem.  The Requiem is a masterpiece of classical music.  Mozart's final and best work.
B00001NFCY|5.0|When I first heard that Creed was coming out with a new album..I just had to get it, and I'm so glad that I did!  This album is awesome!  The music is similar to their previous album, yet it's also different, in a good way  of course!  The music will keep you rockin'.  You'll have to listen to it  over and over, just like me!
0553208845|1.0|Siddhartha began as a respected Brahaman, then traveled with the samanas for years. He knew how to concentrate, fast, and meditate very well. However, the passages that follow truly show his ignorance. He has an  affair, lives a rich, gluttonous, and sinful life, then he has a son that  brings him grief. He should have never found interest in Kamala in the  first place.
B000001F29|5.0|voyagers,this is a release that you can paint a multitude of stars and planets to.Want to envision the touch of divinity in things?There are tunes for such purposes.Want to relive moments celluliod?It is here. Want to be  entertained by music near and dear to other thought-moods? Buy!May the  spirit of new age synth-poems lead you down happy trails. dedicated to Todd  j3
B000001G1E|5.0|The ultimate James Brown collection. It contains all the best- by the very best! It covers his career from the soulful start- right through to the funky early eighty's. James- you 'da man !!!!
B00000634J|5.0|man,&quot;is what my youngest brother said to me.I told him he had &quot;forgotten the face of his fathers.&quot;Where would music be without Berry,Byrds,Presly,Big Bopper and Beatles? And who was the most  Beatle?Well,it wasn't Paul. dedicated to Todd j3
B000006045|5.0|The song &quot;Group Four&quot; is alone worth the price of this album. I've never heard a more haunting, eerie melody than the one sung by Liz Fraser on this one. The song can be seen as in two parts. The first part  has one of MA's regular's (Del Naja?) alternating vocals with the beautiful  voice of Liz Fraser. The second part has the best music on the album as  Liz's vocals meld with the driving, malevolent guitars for 3 exquisite  minutes. Stunning and frightening. All the other songs are strong as well,  especially &quot;Black Milk&quot;, and &quot;Angel&quot;, the opening track  which sets the tone of the album wonderfully. This is my favorite MA album.  As the century ends, &quot;Mezzanine&quot; is the only album out there that  sounds like music from the next century. Who knows? The Massive Attack trio  are probably time travelers and have brought us this gift. Don't wait -  listen to it now.
0802130208|5.0|This is the funniest book I have ever read and I can say that after reading it 4 times over the last 20 years!  It just gets better with each new reading. I have recommended this book to many friends and associates  and they have all loved it.  The next closest book in terms of humor would  be The Sot Weed Factor by Barth which I would also recommend highly.
B00000K19E|5.0|this movie is great it has everything you need, it has action drama and suspense. NO other film has what it has and that is originality. This film is a must have for all. I hope they make a secound part to this fil it  needs it.
0380713802|5.0|Bill Bryson, in his mid 40's, recreates the trip he took to Europe when he was 20. Any baby boomer who traveled Europe on the cheap in the 70's will love it.  Those of us who have returned to Europe since then will adore it.  I laughed out loud throughout
B00001ODHL|5.0|If camp horror is your bag, then you've already seen all of the Evil Dead  Darkness is my personal favorite, but I recommend strating with 'Evil Dead'  and seeing them in order.  However, Both sequels re-cap in the beginning  (which in itself is a crack-up) so you can watch them out of order.  Bruce  Campbell (Brisco County Jr, Xena, Escape From LA) completely comes to grips  with the world he (Ash) is doomed to live in, and gives the best  performance of his career.  If you like your horror humourous - BUY THIS  MOVIE!<br /> - Neo102
B00000F1D3|3.0|This is pop music for the 90s --- stick to your brain, synthetic  and unforgettable,  and perfectly mundane and awful at the same time.    Cher's unique voice sounds defiant and strong throughout, but there doesn't seem  to be an original thought on the record. Every highlight reminds you of  some other song, even going as far as remixing Cher's 80s power ballad  &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot; into an aggresive and forced dance track ---  with the original rock vocals.   I guess she was too bored to re-sing the  track.  There is no denying the pop-culture moment of the trillion selling  single and title track.   It certainly defined the summer airwaves.   It is  a great single because it is just so damn catchy and trashy and campy.   Just like Cher.   If you want a taste of the Cher album that should have  been a monster success, and deservedly so, check out the British import  version of &quot;It's A Man's World.&quot;   It is impeccable --- tough and  smart and real.  A record for anyone who doubts Cher's ability to sing and  make you feel what she's singing.   Alas, &quot;Believe&quot; is the mega  pop blip on the map that will sound dated by next year.   But for now it's  seized its moment in the sun, and the whole world is dancing with a silly  grin on its face.
B00000JPH5|5.0|It's good to see this movie back in circulation. Travelling to my local video store, I was met with not one, but *two* clerks who just *had* to talk about their favorite scene. The movie, a classic in coming of age  fantasy, really seems to be on it's way to a cult classic ( if it isn't  allready!)Welcome back Jareth!
B000002UUX|5.0|This album really kicks. The riffs are from talented fingers. Won't even talk 'bout the solo's from Mr. Friedman. Only a shame that Megadeth together with Metallica aren't making this kind of heavy metal  anymore...I think I've missed some good times (I started listening to  Metallica in 1991, so...).  Anyway, buy this album before it get's a  collecter's item.
076783819X|5.0|Wow! In one of the best films of 1999, Tim Robbins scared me for the first time ever. The plot is fairly realistic but the execution is even better and it truly strikes fear in your heart about the threat of terrorism in  this country. Not enough movies are realistic in this way. Wow!
B00000DFMM|4.0|I heard &quot;Duel&quot; on a local radio station here in Detroit.  I was hooked instantly.  Later, when I was at the record store, I came across the CD and decided to buy it immediately.  Get the CD for &quot;Duel&quot; at  least...
B000002LSV|5.0|I have every song on this cd pemantely implanted in my head.  ZZ Top is the greatest band of all time and this is there best cd with there best songs.  You cant get any better than that
0060977264|3.0|I admired so much &quot;the Alchemist&quot; of the author, so I didn't hesitate a second to read this one. I won't say terrible things like some viewers from below did, but truly it wasn't impressive as the first one.  It's just a pretty love story and makes us think about the religion for a  while. Good if you're seeking a book which can calm you down. After all,  not bad but surely not the best.
B00000JMOF|3.0|Give this DVD five stars for sparkling audio and video quality, though the commentary is a bit dry and somewhat tedious (Behlmer actually reads paragraph after paragraph from the Shelley book)and the documentary seems  slanted toward those who know little about the film's history. Best  comments are from Paul Jensen and Gregory Mank.
B00000JCB3|4.0|Limp Bizkit Rocks And Nookie is one of my favorite songs. Rearranged is also really cool. Some of the songs are really cool, but not enough.
B000002J03|5.0|Although Led Zeppelin were said to be searching for a trademark song or album when they wrote &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;, I believe they already had their trademark in &quot;II&quot;. Any album with more than  five outstanding cuts is five stars in my book. The transition from  &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; to &quot;Ramble On&quot; is automatic. You rarely  hear a DJ play the first without going with the second, as well. One of the  top ten rock albums of all time
B00001QGPS|4.0|i like it,i don't like rap or hip hop or anything, but this is a good c
B00000K19E|5.0|It is simply the best!! Great effects and really good Story!
0792156684|5.0|Titanic is a movie that is appealing to all ages. A movie which most of us an relate to if we were put in that position. A romance being un-folded before us using the trajic back drop of that fateful day. But most of all,  this is ONLY a MOVIE. This was not set to portray the real events, just try  to come close to it as possible while telling a compelling love story in  the process. The people out there who are bashing this film do not really  see past their own short comings and should realize that a film that has  generated so much attention, awards, praise,...etc. is a film to respect. A  tip of the hat to you Mr. Cameron. A job well done.
B000003N89|5.0|She has it all. A smokey voice and perfect delivery that Nat King Cole would have rushed to work with. And piano styling delightful enough to charm the moon down from the sky. I am thrilled to have stumbled on her  music! And this album shows what can happen when a group of truly gifted  musicans connect perfectly with each other and create magic. This music is  intimate, lovely and perfect. Can't wait to hear more.
B00000K19E|4.0|I don't understand.  The biggest advantage of DVD for people without highrez TV and 5.1 Surround sound is the multiple languages.  I prefer the original version, my wife prefers french.  We can choose.<br />So why isn't  there any translation on this title?<br />B
B000021Y75|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater three times.  It is my absolute favorite movie.  Every aspect, from the &quot;and then&quot; shots to the main character herself, make this movie outstanding.  You will never forget this  masterpiece.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I first heard of Blink 182 when &quot;Dammit&quot; began circling around the modern rock stations a couple years back, and then suddenly they exploded with &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot; and I *had* to purchase  their album. Every song on the disc is excellent and the little video on  the Enhanced CD portion isn't too bad either. My only real criticism is  that it's only about 35 and a half minutes long, and I wonder why they  didn't put two or three more songs onto it? Lord knows they could have done  it - and quite well as the other 12 prove. I recommend it very highly.
B00001NFCY|5.0|&quot;Human Clay,&quot; as well as &quot;My Own Prison,&quot; has so much emotion and artistry attached to its lyrics.  Some may say the album is depressing...maybe to some people.  But if you read between the lines a  little bit you can obviously see that the men of Creed are deeply  religious.  They're simply telling us how life is in the world today, which  turns out to be a little less than peachy-keen...&amp; this is what makes  the album seem dark &amp; disturbing, that's all.  Coincidentally, the  first cut off this album is all about escaping the madness of today's  society....HIGHER...place where blind men see...a place with golden  streets?  Any ideas?  Behind each and every one of Creed's songs is a  religious undertone which almost everybody seems to ignore (come on,  people--just check out the song titles &amp; that should clue you  in)...&amp; that really sucks.  I think we can all learn something from  Creed's lyrics...so take a peek at &quot;Human Clay,&quot; and while you're  out you might as well pick up &quot;My Own Prison.&quot;  You won't be  sorry, I promise!
B00000K19E|5.0|Most movies don't just grab me.  This one did.  I've got to hand it to the Wachowski brothers.  They really came up with a gem with this one.  Anybody who likes Sci-Fi, anybody who likes action, and anybody who likes to be  entertained should definitely buy this film and watch it many times!
0553296981|5.0|This diary is great for teens. It makes us think of things that we don't have to be perfect, or famous to succed. Believe in your self and your dreams! Anne had to go through a lot. Anne makes you think of: &quot; Ya  know, I need to feel strong, I'm great just the way I am!&quot; She has  changed my life.
6303416403|1.0|TMNT was very good, TMNT II was very funny, they both had excellent costumes and both the younger and older TMNT fans could enjoy them. But THIS, what is THIS?!? The costumes look like something you'd buy in a  halloween store (esp. Splinter). And SPlinter's new voice, ridiculous. But  even worse there is NO PLOT!!! Thats right none at all. The Turtles go back  in time to bring April back to the present when she accidently send herself  back via some old flea market egg-timer.<br />Even Ninja Turtles: Next  Mutation is better!<br />Watch TMNT I or even II, but stay away from  this!<br />Now if youll excuse me i have to go read my Eastman &amp; Laird  Mirage TMNT books before its too late!!!
B000002TQV|4.0|Great music, but as is all too frequent in today's music, I can't connect with the lyrics -- because I can't figure what in the hell they mean.  What is this guy moaning about, anyway?  No clue.<br />It's got great melodies,  sweeping guitars, and a whole lot of musical invention.  But a lot of  popular music seems to like to dwell on lyrical obscurity.  If you don't  mind that, fine.  But I prefer to have at least an idea of what a song is  trying to say.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|OK, TRUE SHE DOES NOT HAVE THE GREATEST VOICE.  BUT HER DESIRE AND ENERGY IS WHAT COUNTS. PERSONALLY I THINK THIS ALBUM WAS REALLY GOOD. WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT I WAS REALLY SKEPTICAL, I ONLY BOUGHT IT TO SUPPORT MY  FELLOW LATINOS.   HER SONGS ARE CATCHY, DANCEBALE, AND ROMANTIC.  I LOVE  HER DUET WITH MARC ANTHONY. SHE HAS PUT POP AND SALSA TOGETHER AND I THINK  SHE DID A GOOD JOB ABOUT.  THIS IS ONLY THE BEGINNIG FOR THE LATIN  EXPLOSION.  I SAY BUY THIS CD, IT IS WORTH IT.
B000001OAA|1.0|Well, it lives up to its title, anyway.  Typical '90s trash -- as if this decade needed more of it.
B000002U82|5.0|this album will change the way you view music, philosophy,and life. please don't just listen to Time and Money  (sit down and listen for two hours-- its better than using your time to watch a movie)
0964385619|5.0|An interesting book which gives insight into what most of the students or so to speak people of this world are doing wrong. There is definitely something to learn from this book and its worth reading. Though their were  grammatical mistakes in almost every page, i would personally not worry  about it and instead take the essence of what the author is trying to  convey. A must read for everyone.
0783226063|4.0|I have heard many times before that David Lynch had prepared to make the film into a trilogy, only to be refused by the studio (who else?) because of fear of negative comparisons to the original Star Wars threesome by the  press. Wether or not this is true, having read the book it is painfully  clear that Dune's complex story simply cannot be made into a single feature  length film. In fact, even the book was devided into three main segments,  each of which would have made fairly interesting films.<br />For anyone who  hasn't read the book, Dune will baffle to the extreme. It's use of  futuristic language and slow progression remains faithful to the book  -kudos to the Lynchmeister for that- but by the end it almost seems as if  Lynch's script suddenly realised that it had another three hundred pages to  go and twenty minutes to show it in, and thus muddles through the remainder  of the film to an unsatifactory ending. Much was kept from the novel,  confusing those who haven't read the novel, and much more was added by  Lynch, confusing the rest of us.<br />Dune is worth watching just to see the  incredible imagery of the mystical planet, something that David Lynch is a  master of. The sandworms are incredible, the barren desert landscapes as  beautiful as anything to be found on earth, and the sets perfectly matching  their time and place. If only Lynch had been able to do as he wished, the  film wouldn't have been so damn weird.
B000002NHN|5.0|This is a wonderfull CD,the music is like floating on a quit lake. I can come home after a rotten day pop in this music,and within moments all is right with the world.
0875845851|5.0|What's most incredible is that this book has been out for several years and is only starting to get noticed.  Although Christensen does sidestep a few issues in order to make his point, for the most part the book is an  incredibly accurate analysis of the way business ACTUALLY works.<br />The  depressing part is that, if you believe Christensen, there doesn't appear  to be a lot that can be done within an established company to deal with  &quot;disruptive technology&quot; other than to fold up your tent and move  elsewhere.
B000002KHB|4.0|an all time clasic! one the    best cds i have ever bought.   i love smoke on the water,     highway star,and space truckin.if you don't like this cd,then your wrong. ..
B00000K19E|5.0|I won't mince words here... I REALLY enjoyed this movie.  If you like loads of guns, Chinese-action theater, and effects...you will LOVE this movie.  DVD owners will be impressed!
B00000AFFI|4.0|This recording by the brillant PJ Harvey is one of my favorites. I have been a fan of hers since I heard &quot;Down By the Water.&quot; The CD has songs that range from haunting to upbeat. Tracks I recommend are:  &quot;Angeline&quot;, &quot;My Beautiful Leah&quot;, &quot;The  Garden&quot;, &quot;The River,&quot; and &quot;Is This Desire?&quot;
6303617719|5.0|A wonderful romantic comedy!  Ryan and Kline are great costars!  There are so many hilarious scenes that just get better every time you watch the movie!  Gorgeous shots of France!
B000009QPE|5.0|this is by far the most fantastic and brutal metal album ever made.though rick rubin went on to fame as producer and purveyor of many notable acts he has yet to match the magic created on this recording. although slayer's  first two full length lps &quot;show no mercy&quot; and &quot;hell  awaits&quot; and  the ep &quot;haunting the chapel&quot; (all released  initially on metal blade and produced by fellow la kings fan brian slagel)  showed glimmers of their greatness, they still hadnt hit their stride yet.  with the extra ingredient of def jam backing and major distribution the  stage was set. the sight of my fellow classmates in high school grimacing  to &quot;angel of death&quot; and &quot;alter of sacrifice&quot; while  listening to their bon jovi in the school parking lot was hysterical. kerry  king's and jeff hanneman's leads and riffs are unsurmountable while tom  arayas vocals are simply horrifying. last but not least dave lombardo is  easily the best thrash drummer ever. slayer absolutely lost something when  he left. although now im closing in on 30 and i see bands like korn and  limp bizkit getting all the attention i must laugh and remember when metal  wasnt mtv and all the other crap that slayer hated. cheers gentlemen for  the great memories.
B00001OH7P|3.0|This is undoubtedly an all-time classic album that you would be a fool not to own.  That much is a given.  However, it's not as good as the Rycodisc version, which, as you no doubt recall, featured great bonus tracks like  John I'm Only Dancing and Velvet Goldmine.  That EMI couldn't be bothered  to take the time to release a really high-quality version of this album  like RD did bothers me considerably.  So, five stars for the album and one  star for EMI.
B00000K19E|3.0|Beware of compatibility problems with your DVD player, and the special featurs of this movie.  There are known issues with some older players being unable to properly play the special scenes.
B000002KXV|5.0|This is the CD I play when I'm feeling sick or depressed.  It has a magical harmonious quality lacking in today's music and transports me mystically back to my high school and college days when life still seemed  simple.  If you love ear-catching lyrics, great chord transitions and music  that creates the perfect mood, search no further.  &quot;The Nightfly&quot;  is the best!
0783229526|4.0|I cant think of a better way to recall the 70s. Be careful about children watching. Lots of drug use fun.
6303255191|4.0|this is one of the only movies i've seen that does a good job of showing how life is in a Spanish neighborhood. also &quot;my family (mi familia)&quot; is really good
B00000DQSF|5.0|Gosh, this is the ultimate album by The Band. There is not one half-bad song on it, hence there are at least four masterpieces: The gospel-folk piece 'The Weight', one of the most influential and therefore most covered  songs in music history; the bluesy 'Lonesome Suzie'; the raucious 'This  Wheel's On Fire', a far better version than Julie Driscoll's one; and, the  best song on the album by far, 'I Shall Be Released', which they turned  from a folky Dylanesque ballad into a folk-gospel milestone. To cut a long  story short: If you don't have this album in your collection, buy it!  Otherwise your collection is not complete!!!
6305388458|5.0|Monty Python strikes again 20 years after Life of Brian originially pleased audiences.  This cult classic is intensely funny in that quirky British way.  A must buy!
6300216802|5.0|I admit it is a bit dull at sometimes, but considering the time it was made and the rather intriguing storyline, this is a winner!
0684874350|5.0|This is by far one of the most enjoyable reads I've ever read! The way he captures you in this book is amazing. I read it in 3day's couldn't put the book down! You can't help but appreciate all the fine things you have in  your life. Meantime you can't imagine a childhood like the one Frank lived.  Everyone should read this book! I think it will be a while until I find a  book just as or more powerful than this.
B00000DQSF|5.0|To paraphrase Don Was, wouldn't you have given anything to have been around when they recorded it?
B00000K19E|5.0|It doesn't get better than this. The film of the 90's, better than Phantom Menance! It's what Blade Runner did for the 80's, Star Wars for the 70's and Space Odessey for the 60's. Another historical step into moviemaking  territory. You don't want to miss this, get it right now!!
B000001FMX|5.0|these guys are so cool! i love this album,there is no other band like the new york dolls! every track listed is perfect. if you dont already own this classic album,then what the hell are you waiting for? GET IT NOW. run to  the store if you have to! and while your at it get all the rest of their  cd's too!
B000002897|5.0|This album was released in early September 1992, just several weeks prior to &quot;Dirt&quot; by Alice in Chains and &quot;Core&quot; by the Stone Temple Pilots.  Unfortunately, &quot;Sweet Oblivion&quot; was overshadowed  by both &quot;Dirt&quot; and &quot;Core&quot; and never really made it or  the Screaming Trees the commercial success they deserved.  Arguably, this  album from the first song to the last is a better album than either of the  above mentioned by STP and AiC. The powerful and intense vocals by Mark  Lanegan exceed those by Weiland of STP and Staley of AiC... really only the  vocals of Chris Cornell from Soundgarden top Lanegan's. &quot;Sweet  Oblivion&quot;, to me, is an essential recording for any early to mid-90's  grunge rock collection.  It is a credible following to 1991's releases:  &quot;Nevermind&quot; by Nirvana, &quot;Ten&quot; by Pearl Jam, and the  self-titled album by the Temple of the Dog.      Until Soundgarden released  &quot;Superunknown&quot; in 1994 (which was the last great grunge album  ever released), I probably listened to &quot;Sweet Oblivion&quot; more  often than any other grunge rock CD. I would enthusiatically reccommend  this album to anyone who likes the bands I mentioned previously and is  interested in adding something new to their music collection.
0780622553|2.0|While this film does live up to it's name, I wouldn't exactly say that it's stunningly rendered. I can think of many better ways to spend two hours.
B000002IPZ|5.0|i cannot believe that someone can consider &quot;Seven Days of May&quot; sloppy songwriting. Personally, as I listened to it and read the words, I realized that it was the story of the Chinese students protesting in  T-something Square in 1989. That they wanted a more democratic government  and the Chinese government put down this demonstration with EXCESSIVE  FORCE. Making a comment on that terrible incident is the total opposite of  sloppy songwriting. By the way &quot;Face in the Sky&quot; may not make  much sense, but what a riff by Skolnick at the end. First time I heard it,  I got the chills...
B000002BE9|4.0|Almost every song on this CD is a rock ballad. It's cool how they're not dumb BSB lyrics, but sung with real passion, and REAL emotion. I think the best part of this CD is that Apple wrote all of the lyrics when she was  only 17. (Most sugar-pop groups, like N Sync are much older and don't at  all) and that's why she impresses me so much. Yet sometimes her soulful  ballads can get a little tedious, since they're one right after another.  But if you're in the mood for those kinds of songs, or if you just dig them  in general, then this CD is your saving grace. Buy it!
0446364495|5.0|I read this book in a 4 hour period on a crisp fall afternoon...and it changed my life. &quot;Tis better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all&quot;....and Francesca and Robert did it more wonderfully and  masterfully than anything I've ever read.  My reality melted away as I was  immersed in this timeless love story.  I smiled, I laughed, my heart was  warmed, and I cried....please buy this book, and set aside time alone to  read it in one sitting...it will affect you deeply, you will find yourself  thinking about it for weeks, months, even years afterwards..and it will  affect the way you look at love and life.  I cannot urge you enough, if you  are a romantic, you will LOVE this book.  Lose yourself in it.
0767805712|5.0|This is probebly one of the best films I have ever seen.. I watched it three times in a row - It belongs up there with Ira Levin's &quot;This Perfect Day&quot;..
B000002AVF|4.0|My daughter's dance instructor suggested getting music from Mariah Carey so she could practice her dance (lyrical) lessons at home.  We needed music that was slower-paced but, yet, filled with emotion.  I previewed several  Mariah Carey albums and found the music on &quot;Daydream&quot; to be  exactly what we were looking for!  Perfect!
0671578278|5.0|I've found that the best way to think of this book is not as a comedy of manners by Bujold, but as SF military fic by Jane Auston.  It lacks some of searing psychodrama of the last few books (It is not Mirror Dance, which  put me in a haze for two weeks), but it is _endlessly_ funny, entertaining,  and manages to be really sweet and romantic, too.
B00000K19E|4.0|The special features didn't work with my DVD player.  It may have been my player, but it was annoying.
B000006045|5.0|I purchased this album over a year ago, and believe it or not, I still listen to it weekly. MA's Mez is a vacation from the harsh realities of today.  I wish all could be exposed to such a unique masterpiece.
B000007UEY|5.0|Truly an amazing project that never gets old.  I am delighted that this work is available on cd. The first time I became aware of this album I was onthe road heading to California touring with 2 music groups from Temple Junior College in Temple, Texas.  One other member of the group had the cassette tape and had one of the first Sony cassette portable &quot;walkmans&quot;.  This was back in 1984.  I fell in love with the music and especially the instrumentation. I've always been a fan of Genesis and Phil Collins.  It's nice to see others come from behind the shadows and shine as Mike Rutherford does on this.  This is one of the few cd's/albums that I have never let go of because of its diversity and seemingly endless way of simply losing myself in the middle of the journey.  As soon as we returned home from the tour I ran to our local record store and purchased Small Creep's Day (album).  Enjoy and share this music.
0393317552|5.0|This is an immensely important book, a fresh perspective on human history.  It is often said that the winners of wars are the ones to write the history books.  As such, Diamond's research is an indispensable  counter-balance to our inherited Eurocentric perceptions of history.  It's  a more comprehensive and meaningful dissection of the rise of Western  dominance than the ones we're used to which deal with immediate causes and  effects instead of taking us through the geographical and pre-historical  underpinnings of the decline and fall of civilizations.  5 stars and  counting!!
0684867621|5.0|This is a terrific read, and finally a fast one from Stephen, King of the much-much-too-long horror books! Trisha is very real, caught between being a little girl and a mature one, as all pre-teen girls are; but she actually  has to live with her own life and death choices in a way most kids don't.  I'm not a fan of baseball but it's involvement doesn't ruin the story, it  enhances it.  Start reading this early in the day or you'll be up all night  finishing this suspense-filled (because this one could actually happen to a  real person) novel!  Thanks Stephen King for finally writing a book it is  easy to love!
B00001OH7P|5.0|You know, this isn't really an entire concept album devoted to Ziggy (well, yeah, it is) as there are some transitional songs. But all of 'em are great. Five Years, Moonage Daydream, Suffragette City, and especially  Starman and the title track...all great songs. Say, Amazon, where's that  Bowie Essential Recordings List? I've only got three records, and all I  could say is that this is a winner.<br />Ranks up there with Tommy, Dark Side  of the Moon and Sgt. Pepper. My next project is Arthur by the Kinks.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best DVD I own!  I was blown away by the clarity of the video and audio. The Matrix on DVD is an argument for moving to DVDs, my hat is tipped.
6305363668|3.0|The old saying &quot;If it aint broke why fix it&quot; certainly fits this one, the original did not reach a cult status because it was so bad, it was a much better film then this version.<br />I would give the original 5 stars  but this get at most 3 stars.
0380973464|3.0|I thought the Diamond Age was &quot;an important book&quot;; in addition to being an interesting story, it painted a plausible picture of the radical social changes a mere half-step toward nanotechnology could bring.  I recommended it to non-techie friends, saying &quot;this is real, this  kind of upheaval is coming, and maybe in our lifetime.&quot; <br /> I was  hoping Cryptonomicon would do the same for cryptography, digital money,  data-havens,and &quot;holocaust avoidance&quot;. Instead, the reader gets a  very long, (unnecessarily) complicated adventure story with enough  technical mumbo-jumbo to let the reader know how *complicated* this stuff  is -- but very little explanation about *why its important.* <br /> Its not a  bad read, but the huge implications of what the characters are doing gets  short shrift. <br /> Lots of filler, lots of loose ends. And forget the Cap'n  Crunch, Penthouse letters, and bicycle-chain algorithms; What the hell is  that guy doing in the middle of the jungle, in a business suit, shooting  arrows?
B000002JSJ|4.0|Presence has an unusual quality to it - no other Zeppelin album is quite like it. Rhythmically it's their best album of all. It was recorded rather quickly, giving it a frenetic vibe with a sense of urgency that just ropes  the listener in. Jimmy Page and John Bonham find every little pocket of  rhythm on this album and fill it perfectly. Songs like &quot;Hots On For  Nowhere&quot; and &quot;Royal Orleans&quot; are among their most  underrated. Page is masterful in his guitar overdubs on this album and  Bonham's drumming is all over the place. A perfect example of their  interplay is on &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot; - this is Bonham's  finest hour on the kit in my opinion. He was legendary for playing slightly  behind the beat like no one else, and it shows on this album. This is  straight-ahead hard, funky rock with elements of blues and country. It's  got an aura all its own.
1558807381|5.0|I first saw this movie as an adolescent and it appealed to all the Romanticism and starry-eyed wonder of the teenager in me.  Today,  12 years later, I am trying to track down a copy for myself. The beauty and  splendour of the cinematography alone,  haunts me.  The plot,  simple but  straight along the lines of all those wholesome fairy tales we grew up on,   tells the tale of the eternal battle between good and evil.  Powerful  stuff!
0385493800|1.0|My feelings for Grisham weren't the same after his books were turned into movies.  What truly got me was how the quality of his writing went from writing for readers and great suspensful novels to writing with the image  of Susan Sarandon playing his leading lady.  I became disenchanted and  stopped buying his books.  Well, in July I picked up &quot;The  Testament&quot; as reading material for my 11 hour flight to Hawaii.  I  probably should have opened a hatch and chucked the book somewhere over the  Pacific.  What a waste of time.  I kept with the book only to be completly  disappointed with his unimaginative, unfulfilling ending.  <br />The jungles  of the rainforest may look provocative on the big screen, but in print,  this book is dull, dull, dull.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The Matrix!  Absolutely the -best- movie I've ever seen!  The effects were -awesome-, if you haven't seen this movie and are awaiting it's release on video to buy it, I strongly recommend you rent it and watch it, you'll be  even more persuaded to buy it!  This is one movie that made me even  consider buying a DVD player for my TV AND my computer to get the  earlier-released DVD!
6302759110|4.0|Hi!  I had seen this movie when it first came out and liked it.  Just recently I read the book, and decided to watch the movie again because I loved the book so very much......but this movie hardly follows the book at  all!  I recommend that everyone read the book as well as see the movie  because they are both good (the book being better of course) and they are  both VERY different stories!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed, does it again.  I just got the cd today from amazon, and I am going onto listening to it for the 5th time now.  Its just as good as the first album if not better.  What's amazing about this band is what their songs  are about.  Most people don't know that Creed is a christian band, and the  song 'higher' is a perfect showing of that.  A great message and a killer  sound.  I'd give this cd 10 stars if I could.
B00000K19E|4.0|In my opinion, this movie could've been in black and white and I still would have bought it.  If I had known I would have shelled out the $60 to get the collector's edition.  But, I must say I was a little disappointed  when I realized that I got the widescreen version because I'm only playing  it on a 19&quot; TV.  But, I do say this:  If you have one of those wide  screen TVs, this is definitely worth it-and worth it if you have a bigger  than 19&quot; TV.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Stephin Merrit takes just about every genera of love song around (old english madrigals, country, new wave, lo-fi, blues) and makes it sound like the magnetic fields. The songs are alternately amusing and sad, sometimes  downright wrongheaded and sloppy, always a bit more than you expect. The  overall effect is irresistable. <br />Buy this for all your ex's, even the  ones you don't like.
B00000K27Y|5.0|I bought this on recommendation; Something which usually backfires on me. However this has got to be the best albums I've heard this year. I'd give you a track by track rundown, but to be honest I'd struggle to mention a  duff track on the whole album. Listening to it leaves me feeling completely  chilled-out, and generally 5 years younger ...<br />As the previous reviewer  said - It's the album of the summer.
B00001OH7V|5.0|Bowie has shown them all how it's done - This is a haunting masterpiec
B00000K19E|5.0|I am a big fan of Blade Runner and that genre but this movie just kicks ass. Keanu is as wooden as ever but with so much action going on you don't really notice. My ony complaint is that Amazon say its Anamorphic  widescreen but my copy is Letterbox widescreen.
B00001OH7O|5.0|Life on Mars, Changes, Oh Ypu pretty things....Quicksand....need I say more - should be on evreybody's top five of all time - melodious, tear jerking, classic stuff - Bowie was the 70s
B000002BFL|5.0|In my travels across America, I have seen these people, I have have smelt their sweat in the Steel foundries in Michigan. This album speaks about America and its makeup. It is one of the most eloquently written pieces of  American Literature:-makes you want to put it on and put the pedal to the  metal on one of those endless roads in the SouthWest. The chords for most  of the songs are very simple but masterfuly fingerpicked. A must for the  thinker!
0792139771|5.0|Great movie loved it! Interesting plot
B000001FS3|4.0|U2 was probably the best band of the 1980s, and the Joshua Tree is definately one of their very best.  It was a commercial success due to the bands incredible style and songwritng ability.
6303686745|5.0|I saw this movie when it was first released and I still remember it clearly!  Like Saving Private Ryan, the impact is there so you only need to see this movie once.  However, I'm going to order the vhs version so that I  can show this movie to my younger friends...
6300214826|3.0|I think I'm being generous.  I really don't see what is so incredible about this movie.  Sure, it has an incredible style and is definately a groundbreaking picture, but what about story?  What about the characters,  other than Mr. Sheen's lead and Mr. Brando's col. Kurtz?  There are so many  other important characters in this movie that seemed to be looked over.   It's also a bit long, considering the subject matter.  I think I must be  missing something, because this movie really doesn't strike me as being all  that great.  It's got great style, but needs more substance.
B000002L9J|5.0|It's very popular now to malign the 80's as a wasteland of glossy coke-pop and idiotic metal.  Everybody ignored the Smiths or hated them back then, probably because they associated them with gay culture, and everybody was  dead wrong to do so.  Johnny Marr's insanely layered guitar sound and  Morrissey's wickedly cruel and disarmingly honest words came together in  the best possible way on this record.  Go ahead and get the Singles or  Greatest Hits records, and then come back and get this one too.  It makes  me remember the most lovely parts of the 80's.
0767830520|4.0|TAXI DRIVER is the un-relenting tale of one man's journey into insanity while driving a cab on the streets of New York City.  The many situations that Travis Brickle (a bloody brillinat performance by Robert DeNiro)  encounters and the many people he meets while drivng this cab at night send  him into a downward spiral of hate and contempt for everyone and  everything.  The fact that he is a Vietnam vet really seems to play a role  in how affected he is by this incredibly obscene and disgusting society.   Being dumped by a woman with whom is incredibly fond of, in addition to  meeting a 13 year old street hooker all further establish as a sort of  morality tale which questions both our society, and the people affected by  it.  The harsh yet mellow aura of the film is sharpley interupted at the  end by an incredibly violent climax which may be too much if you're not  expecting it.
0792836510|5.0|First of all, I have to get this out of the way: The long episode in the desert is a direct steal from the ending of the silent movie, &quot;Greed&quot;. Ok, now on with the review: this is a great film that  takes the cliches of American Westerns and turns them inside out by giving  them a European sensibility. Example: where Americans see a vast Western  landscape full of opportunity for future settlers, the Europeans who made  this film see bleakness and nihilism. Where Americans want their heroes to  be good and pure, the hero here is simply another crook (Eastwood) who  survives the bestial evil of his captor who tries to kill him. It is all  done with so much style and wit that it surpasses most Hollywood Westerns.  The music is unforgettable and perfectly matches the action onscreen.  Wonderfully engrossing!!
6305470448|3.0|...c'mon.  I mean, &quot;Best Picture&quot;?  I'm sorry, I just didn't see it.  This was very creative and at times very funny, but I don't think it deserved as much hype as it received.  SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and LIFE IS  BEAUTIFUL were both much better.  And Cate Blanchett was robbed of an Oscar  for her performance in ELIZABETH.  Gwyneth is good, but not that  good.<br />Don't get me wrong, I was pleased with this movie. It was enjoyable  and entertaing.  But when I think Best Picture, I think of something truly  spectacular that tells a great story.  This was't great.  It was just good.   (And I normally love anything that has nudity or deasl with Shakespere!)
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run was a wonderful movie.  It has all the elements that make a summer blockbuster movie (adrenaline pumping tempo, awesome music -i bought the soundtrack too- and flat out kick butt camera angles) with elements of  an intellectual film (philisophical interludes, underlying themes).   Whichever movie style you are looking for when you watch it, you will find  it.  If you're looking for action, that's what you'll find.  If you're  looking for the philosophy on destiny, however, you'll find that.  The  movie flat out rocks!
079283321X|4.0|Unlike its followers, ROCKY is a touching, down to earth drama about a small time boxyer whos never had the chance to prove himself until the heavy weight champion of the world offers him a chance at the title in a  scheme to make money.  What makes the story so appealing is the characters,  not the action, as would follow in later Rocky films.  The love  relationship between Rocky and his best friends sister Adrien is a great  and touching move by Stallone, who wrote the film.  But that is merely one  of the many great sub-plots that carry this touching human drama to  greatness.<br />I will admit, I wish I could have given in 3 1/2 stars, but I  think Four is fair.  It's a great movie classic.
6305546789|5.0|Halloween is one of John Carpenter's greatest pieces of work, (cough*Christine*cough). It's a smart and scary rollercoaster that will leave you scared stiff and wanting more. A must-see for those who've not  seen it YET!
6304039506|4.0|Although I thought Humphrey Bogart did a great job in THE AFRICAN QUEEN, he was nothing compared to Brando in A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE!!  <br />This is a great movie, with a great story and beautiful setting behind it, but what  made this such a spectactular movie, for me anyway, was Brando's INCREDIBLE  performance.  The man was a true genius, still is actually.  Everyone else  who acted in this won an Oscar (that was nominated for one I mean) so why  was Brando left out?  Who knows...either way, he gave one of his best  performances ever in this absolutely brilliant film.
B00000K19E|5.0|DAMM  maybe sums it up best I love the DVD features of the film.. great navigation and other stuff. Once a DVD fan U can never go back to the tape.  This movie used all the features there is I watched it in both modes and  loved the white rabbit mode the best the special effects are awesome and  dam love that Kung fo.. sometimes I just wath it for that All in all its a  great movie.. A must see And if U missed it in the theatres well this is  the way to make it up..
B00000253N|5.0|Back in 1975, Mary Travers on her radio show told Bob how she'd enjoyed this album. Dylan became surprise because other folks all around told him the same. He couldn't understand how the guys might like that kind of pain  and hurt that the lyrics are made of in Blood on the Tracks. It was so  particular, so personal! This is what this album is about, the separation  of Dylan and Sara. And this stuff made an impressive music with lyrics such  as &quot;Idiot Wind&quot;, &quot;If You See Her Say Hello&quot;,  &quot;Tangled Up in Blue&quot;. An acoustic team of musicians joined Dylan  is this one. No production, almost no drums, smooth guitars and his voice,  fine and fulfilled with tears, desperation and magic. That magic that only  Dylan could make.The 70's finally begun with Blood on the Tracks. A classic  one.
6304493681|3.0|I had heard nothing but great reviews about this movie, but I thought it was kind of slow.  The animation was outstanding though.  I guess it is mostly because I am one who likes to see things with big mechanised units  and guns that make big holes.
6301161572|1.0|I sense that I am &quot;Odd man out&quot; on this item. While I cannot contradict the other reviewers concerning the original production, scenery, voices and music, I found the tape (by Kultur) to have a very grainy video  quality, resembling a third or fourth generation print, and the sound track  scratchy and full of static. I may have received a &quot;bad&quot; copy. It  really is tragic that such a fine performance got bundled (or bungled) into  such a sorry technical atrocity.
0486282112|4.0|When assigned to read this book or an English class, I couldn't decide if I was excited or not.  I knew that I must read it since it is a timeless classic and seems so popular.  But at the same time, I've read many books  from the same time period that were unbearable to read.  This book,  however, was an exception.  I finished it in no time because the plot was  enthralling and the language easy to understand.  It is a rather short  novel that provides lots of suspense, so I suggest it to everyone.  But  I'll warn you, it greatly differs from the movie.  But as always, the book  is always better.
B000000H3Z|5.0|This is the first Sepultura album that doesn't sound like it was recorded on a broken walkman. This is good, because the raw energy of Sepultura and the conviction behind Max's barkings wane a little in some of the later  albums. The compositions are somewhat formulaic, but nonetheless they are a  lot more interesting than most (not all!) of the earlier Sepultura tracks.  If you're just curious about Sepultura, then you have a choice: (1) Arise  is clean and fast yet &quot;melodious&quot; (2) Roots is not a speed album,  but it is a creative masterpiece (3) If you want raw speed and power, find  a live album. Half of Blood-Rooted is tired junk that sounds like they are  trying to get over with their record contract, but the other half is a  relentless wall of noise.
B000005ZGZ|5.0|This album is just as addictive as the rest - once I figured it out.  In another entry posted here, Geri/ketivtech from California talked about how at first listen, he didn't like this CD.  But after a few days of listening  &quot;figured out&quot; what the band was doing.  I have experienced the  same and believe that anyone who would give this band a chance would become  a fan.  Since the release of End Hits, my Fugazi collection has been  resurrected (again) and has taken over my 6 disc changer.  I am along for  the ride!
B00000K19E|5.0|absolutely jaw-dropping extras.  a very cool movie that looks and sounds great, plus cool extras.  what a great dvd.  (and a decent price.)
B000002GEV|5.0|this is an excellent album. not before or since did they do it so right. every song, every note 8 great songs.  it may take a while to take it in, but you will agree. they did good things before and since but nothing like  this-ever
6304504039|5.0|I found the film a visual and theatrical masterpiece.  I find it rather troubling when a reviewer would bother to write about a film they haven't seen and base all their qualms on their hatred of a person.  You have to go  beyond your own shortcomings and try to find the merit in things.  If  you've done so, then your remarks of like or dislike are grounded.  If you  continue to hate on prejudice, then you have become worse than the person,  whom you scorn.
068484267X|5.0|I read one review in which the reader said it flat out stunk. I ask why, because it was a tale of misery or because you actually thought it was bad? This was a wonderfully written book about the life of an Irish Catholic  boy. If you thought it stunk simply because it's true, than you must not  know a marvelous read when you see one. Another reviewer said the sexual  exploit at the end lost them. This was a story of his life and Frank  McCourt can't simply leave instances of his life out because it may offend.
B0000048V8|5.0|I first had seen this movie when I was 4 years old I have been searching for it ever since!  Truly the greatest chrismas film ever made! The music stays with you all year long! NO child should grow up having seen this  movie!
B000005Z0E|3.0|this isnt the best 2pac cd, but its good because after all, Its 2Pac.I didnt listen to it that much but the only song i like so far is &quot;Brendas Got a Baby&quot;
B0000004V2|5.0|OK, there are always a couple of songs that you have to skip on even the greatest albums (who'd judge the fabulous White Album by Revolution 9?? - and Jimmy Page's incredible but aurally-challenging solo in the middle of  Whole Lotta Love is surely an acquired taste).  What sets this (and other  great albums) apart from the pack is it's stratospheric moments - like  Squire's 5 minutes of gonzo guitar riffing at the end of I am the  Resurrection - quite unexpected given what goes on before.  And I just lurv  the whispered vocal of This is the One - something I ain't heard much of,  especially before 1989 - but I stand to be corrected?
B00000K19E|5.0|The MATRIX creates surrealistic view of humanity verses technology with technology winning out -- or so it seems. The story tells of humans being slaves to living machines, but kept in a virtual world to prevent any  uprising.  Ironically, to tell the story -- new technology makes it happen.   But, it was the genius of the Wachowski brothers, their insight of what to  present, the extra effort of the cast and crew that make the unreal --  real, the impossible -- possible.  Once again, the human spirit endures.
B000002J09|5.0|out of all their albums, the big bad led zep 4   is the best.  it is also,in my opinion, the    best rock album ever.  each song has its own   flavor and individuality. each song represents   the vast talents of led  zeppelin, ranging from   the drum bashing bonzo on &quot;levee breaks&quot;  to the   simple and tiny &quot;going to california&quot; to the    complete  and escalating &quot;stairway to heaven&quot;.   all these songs are  memorable and even today    they retain their originality and power. if      you don't got it, go get it.
B000002LND|5.0|This is probably the definitive CD of Madonna's music - highlighting her incredible career in the 1980s.  These songs are what Madonna is recognized for and her name will forever be associated with such lines as  &quot;Material Girl,&quot; &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; and &quot;Open Your  Heart.&quot;  One downside to the CD is that the songs &quot;Like a  Prayer&quot; and &quot;Express Yourself&quot; are re-mixes.  I bought her  actual album &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; because the title song is better on  that one.  One song is missing from this album, however - &quot;Oh  Father&quot; from the &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; album.  This is one of her  most emotional and dramatic songs, where is it?  Anyway, this is a great  album and a must have for any Madonna/80s music fan!
0790739356|1.0|After watching stuff that's thrilling and full of details and lush tones like &quot;The Fifth Element&quot; or &quot;Star Wars,&quot; &quot;Soldier&quot; seems too dull. In fact, it's also TOO boring. Never  was I interested in what was happening in this film, I just wanted it to  end. First, we have a cheap script by the writer of, can you believe it?  &quot;Blade Runner!&quot; The story is badly crafted with some  uninteresting characters or characters that we have already seen in  previous films. Kurt Russell is basically wasted in this movie. All he does  is stand around giving people pissed-off looks. He never even gets decent  dialogue! &quot;Soldier&quot; also desperately lacks imagination. All we  get is a desert planet that's just full of trash. Even the desert planet in  the equally dull film, &quot;Stargate,&quot; was more interesting than the  one in &quot;Soldier.&quot; And when there finally is action, it's  predictable and just plain boring. Paul Anderson should have added more,  more to the sad scenery and poor screenplay. We are a culture that starves  for new images like &quot;Dark City,&quot; not boring, unexciting material  like &quot;Soldier.&quot;
6302906636|5.0|I LOVED IT!! Highlander is without a doubt one of the best movies made in the last fifty years. The acting is fantastic, the cinematography is great, the sword work is terrific. Connery is great as Ramierez. Lambert is the  only one who could be Connor MacLeod. Highlander really gives a person a  sense of good and evil, right and wrong.
0812589041|5.0|Of all the quality Science Fiction authors out there, Orson Scott Card belongs at the very top.  Ender's Game is a perfect example of classic science fiction story development.  I first read Ender's Game as a short  story in a compilation of award winning stories.  This one stood so far  above the rest I was not surprised to find it had been written into a novel  when I looked.  This is a perfect example of the way science fiction has  been written since the 40's, and Card does it without peer.
B000002GYW|4.0|This is not a 5-star classic, but I don't think any of the Eagles' studio albums were.  The Greatest Hits 71-75 album definitely is, though.<br />But Desperado is a very good 4-star album.  Even the lesser-known songs are  great.
6304119046|5.0|I've been reading Amazon.com customer reviews for years with interest, amusement, and gratitude. But I've never felt compelled to write one myself, until today. A review of comments regarding &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot; demonstrates that a small number of very juvenile and  unsophisticated people find this, the finest motion picture made (with  perhaps some good arguments that Griffith's &quot;Intolerance,&quot;  Bergman's &quot;Persona,&quot; and Bunuel's &quot;Belle du Jour&quot;  are  at least equal) to be &quot;boring,&quot; etc. I could care less that they  hold such opinions except that some sensitive young person, never having  seen the film, might take these rubes' opinions in earnest. Some years ago,  when she was still healthy enough to give interviews on televison, Pauline  Kael warned that children in the seventies, with nothing to compare their  observations, might well find &quot;Star Wars&quot; a Great Film.  Apparently, that generation and the newest one after, have demonstrated her  to be correct. &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; boring? It probably is indeed to a  child whose angst is what to wear that school morning before (edited......  ). For the rest of us, regardless of our birthdays,  race, or Daddy's dough, a film that fulfills every promise of cinema might  well be considered great, even the greatest. Probably the kids who found  the film boring would also find Bessie Smith, Robert Johnson, and Gabriel  Garcia Marquez boring too if they were able to experience these artists  first-hand. But for anyone else who hasn't seen it, give it the chance it  deserves: EVERYTHING you've watched since its production has either stolen  from it or been influenced by it, which does suggest a certain importance  beyond the contributions of old &quot;The Monkees&quot; reruns and  &quot;The Power Puff Girls&quot; today.
B000002LLC|5.0|I love this c.d.! I just put it on repeat and listen to it for weeks on end. The song 'More' is my personal favorite.
0783216084|5.0|Jaws is a masterpiece.  Its scarey, suspenseful, warm and funny, all in one movie.  The first girl to die - what masterfull direction .  We see nothing really, but the effect is riveting.  After that, you're hooked.
B000002H6C|5.0|If you dont have this album, get it!  This and the (self titled) &quot;Black Album,&quot; are the best yet from our favorite band Metallica.  Blackened is an awsome song, the songs are considerably long and seem as  though they never end.  The long song displays good character for good  lyric writting, and music.  I highly suggest getting this cd, if you dont  get it your missing out on a awsome cd.
0767819594|5.0|AAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!This movie is incredible!Entertaining from beginning to end!Also it's got an AMAZING cast plus a killer soundtrack!I usually don't like watching movies over and over but I've watched this 37 (and counting)  times! Just get it, you won't be dissapointed! Oh, you may also want to  pick up the sountrack.
0788811363|5.0|Im utterly aghast at the negative reviews this film got. Its a drama- not a documentary about rotting bodies or the medical effects of 3rd degree burns. Its one of the most fantasticaly beautiful movies I've ever, EVER  seen, on par EASILY with Lawerance of Arabia or Dr.Zhavago (my other two  favorit movies). Im a combat vet, I've seen death, I've seen life, and I've  seen love and its devistating effects- I never cry and I cried my eyes out  the first four times I saw this movie. Not only were the scenes of war  realistic, as were their terriable effects, but the true beauty and  fleeting essance of life was captured here. This move deals with all the  tragedies and beauties of the human heart, and all I've got to say to those  who would pan it for its story line is they have obviously never loved in  vain or hurt so deeply that they understand the motivations of these  characters. On the other hand Western Civilization's decline is vitaly  based upon these people's ignorance and stupidity, far be it for me to  interrupt the march of history.
B000001ABD|3.0|I love Stevie Wonder.  But these collections of greatest hits are too much.  We've seen already two greatest hits collections that covered his early work. &quot;Musicial Aquarium&quot; was a nice compilation and  covered most of his material from the mid 70's and early 80's.  But what I  would have liked to see was a complete box set.  2 cd's don't even provide  an ounce of what this musical genius has to offer.  So wait for a box set  to come out. And by the way, where the hell is &quot;CREEPIN&quot;?
B00000J7J4|4.0|This CD is wonderful from start to finish. Dave Matthews, Rob Thomas, Everlast, and Eagle Eye Cherry give a great contribution, and Santana rocks! I did not care for the rap too much, but once you skip over it,  there is not one fault to be found on this CD.
B000003TA9|5.0|Seriously this album is uncompromisngly good, never gets old.  If you don't get it keep listening.  It's quality stands up to the Beatles even. Far and away Sonic Youth's Best album it is definately, with Nevermind, the  two most important albums since the Beatles broke up.  No Lie. A Must have  for every teenager, whether they want it or not.  I mean...Swimsuit  Issue!!!
B00000JCB2|1.0|This is the worst kind of misic.  I mean NOOKIE?  That's AWFUL!!!  Don't listen to this crap, the words are just awful.  It will mess you up. I can't believe this is so popular. It's just pathetic song writing and  music.  Limp Bizkit STINKS! If I could, I would rate this with 0 stars, but  it wasn't an option.
B00001NFCY|5.0|And I was wrong. Oh boy, was I wrong. Every song -- not just a majority of the songs, but every song -- on this album is simply incredible. Scott Stapp has an amazing voice, able to give songs like What If and Beautiful a  powerful tone, while giving With Arms Wide Open an uplifting one. If you've  only heard their single Higher and liked it, then you're in for a treat  when you purchase this CD. Higher isn't a one-hit wonder stunt like so many  other bands pull on their albums. What If, Beautiful, and With Arms Wide  Open contend with it for the best track on this album, in my opinion. Kudos  to Creed for not disappointing.
0670880728|1.0|This was among the most difficult books I have ever read.  I never felt connected to the whining and ridiculous heroine.  As a person in my late 20's I found it insulting as a genre and thoroughy unentertaining.  Don't  waste your time.
0374172897|5.0|Michael Cunningham has produced a genuine masterpiece, a brilliant work of art truly deserving of the Pulitzer Prize Award. It is to my mind the most outstanding novel I have read this year. Nobody who loves serious fiction  or literature should miss it. It is THAT good. I can only surmise that  Cunningham is a follower of Virgina Woolf. He is so imbued with her spirit  that his prose reads almost like hers. His uncanny grasp of her  &quot;stream of consciousness&quot; style lends a special resonance to the  exploration of the &quot;interior lives&quot; of three women from different  times who share a common predicament, that of a disconcerting dislocation  from their external existence. There's Virgina Woolf, the author of  &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot; and central inspiration for the novel ; Laura  Brown from a later age who reads &quot;Mrs Dalloway&quot; to escape the  crushing nihilism of her domesticity and unconvincing contentment ; and  Clarissa Vaughn, the modern day reincarnation of Woolf's celebrated  heroine. While &quot;The Hours&quot; is a tour-de-force in its own right,  my own enjoyment of it was so greatly enhanced by my familiarity with its  source that I can only recommend fellow readers to first read the Woolf  classic for inspiration before taking the plunge. The recurring theme of  suicide, madness and sexual ambiguity as they are explored in the novel  take on a special meaning armed with that understanding. There are two  images which haunt the novel like a great spirit towering over the action -  that from the opening sequence of Virginia calmly filling her pocket with a  stone as she prepares to drown herself in the river and the closing  sequence, where Laura is revealed to be the old woman from the contemporary  story who looks out from the window opposite and witnesses a suicide. The  use of the latter as a technical devise to draw the threads together for  the close is a pure stroke of genius and a masterful sleight of hand ! This  is a brilliant, brilliant piece of work that deserves the widest readership  possible. I would have given it a SIX STAR rating had it been possible.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I didn't like this when I first listened to it a year and a half ago, but now it's one of my favorites. If you have a CD-R you might want to try making a compilation of his Live at the 10 Spot MP3's, he's one of those  few bands that are actually better live.
B000002UCQ|4.0|A wonderfully thought provoking musical spirtual understanding evades this whole album from the no1 smash hit &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; to the multi instrimental yearn of &quot;All thing muss pass&quot; this album really is  worth having.  Sure some parts are patchy but side1 is quite excellent and  there are some nice songs on side 2. Worth ever cent/penny! (whereever you  come from)
B000002KGT|1.0|Hmmm...Let's see...22 years later and the band of such talented musicians had no alternative but to get together and rehash former success to feed themselves.  This album is so unimportant I'm not sure why I even feel the  need to write this. Not even from the comparison standpoint, because The  Beatles are nothing like Fleetwood Mac (thank god).  I just can't think of  anything this album influenced.  Now you know...;)
B00000K2SE|5.0|Everything you will ever desire is in this movie! It has an intellectually stimulating plot, great acting, the graphix are awesome and so are the special effects. You have the unlikely hero, the wise and powerful mentor,  the love interest, the traitor, the enemy and millions of unsuspecting  victims all encompassed in something vaugely referred to as &quot;the  matrix&quot;. As we watch Neo travel on his cathartic journey to the center  of &quot;the matrix&quot; it is easy to get caught up in the story with  him. It leaves you really thinking in the end. The martial arts are  beautiful, the guns are beautiful, and all the action sequences leave you  breathless. Loved it, love it, and will always love it! I have already  reserved my copy and I strongly suggest you do the same!
B000002U82|5.0|I don't know if that's what this is considered, but I do know that Floyd and Bowie are the only musicians I can stand from 1960-1988. So even you don't think this is your thing you should give it a listen.
B00001SIES|5.0|Muse is awesome!  Many have called them the next radiohead.  I think they are better.  Buy the CD to find out why.
B000002LH5|5.0|if your a major cult fan, like me, and you dont have this yet there is something very wrong with you. this is one cd you could listen to everyday  and never get sick of it NEVER! and the song fire woman,what an anthem!  since no song on here is bad,i'll just say that my absolute favorites are  sun king,fire woman,soul asylum,sweet soul sister,edie,and wake up time ...  well just get it you wont believe your ears!
B00001OH7U|5.0|Back in 1976, as a freshly off the boat teen aged immigrant from japan/korea, who dreamed of seeing all the rock music concert in america, I attended Jeff Beck concert all by my self. I got there early and while  waiting for Jeff and Opening act Upp to appear the PA played just released  Station to Station ... and it blew my mind. It was screaming feedback  guitar of Earl Slick and funky rhythm guitar of Carlos Alomar with minimal  keyboard (piano and occational string - ARP??). It's raw, funky, and in  your face, with bowie experimenting with melody with eastern buddha chant  like phrasing (TVC 15, Golden Years). And a errie but haunting ballad (Word  on a wing) shows versatility of David's Vocal style - almost seemed like he  is playing a joke by singing ala standard 40 50's big band music.. but then  you realize he is serious.  The climax to me is Stay. and secondly title  track Station to Station. It seems this LP/CD is underrated of DB's career.  But it is on top of my list.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|When this album was first released, someone gave it 7 out of a maximum 5 stars.  There is certainly not a more appropriate rating for what I think is probably Bowie's finest moment.  The production is first rate, Bowie's  vocals are excellent, and Robert Fripp contributes some of the finest  guitar work ever committed to tape.  An absolutely brilliant piece of work.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is the best movie i ever saw the only flaw is the acting. The acting is okay but not perfect. The special effects are great, no better than great, supereffic.
B0000085N4|5.0|if your a major cult fan, like me, and you dont have this yet there is something very wrong with you. this is one cd you could listen to everyday  and never get sick of it NEVER! and the song fire woman,what an anthem!  since no song on here is bad,i'll just say that my absolute favorites are  sun king,fire woman,soul asylum,sweet soul sister,edie,and wake up time ...  well just get it you wont believe your ears!
B000000XB9|5.0|CCR is not just for 40 year old men who used to listen to them back in the sixties. I am a 16 year old girl and I happen to love CCR! This is one of the best albums I own. It even has the privilege of being my &quot;driving  music&quot;. Although there are some songs I like less than others (I  prefer the songs that they wrote themselves) every song on here is a good  song. And the lyrics...its so refreshing to hear a group that doesn't only  sing about loving someone...then breaking up with them...then loving  someone else...etc. CCR sings aobut life...and alot of people can relate to  that. While most of the music is fast rock and roll, I also really  appreciate their slower songs, esp. Someday Never Comes. Anyone who is a  fan of good rock and roll should do themselves a favor and get this album.  No true rock and roll fan should be without it.
B00000JSJC|4.0|I looked forwrad to the DVD coming out and now that it as, I have mixed feelings about it.<br />It is an excellent transfer but is not reallly much better than the VHS widescreen version (I have them both so I did some  systematic comparisons). In fact, the VHS version has an excellent  &quot;behind the ecenes&quot; segment at the end showing how the film was  staged which is not on the DVD. The DVD has a director's commentary, but  only for a portion of the film. So, I would say the DVD is disappointing.
B00000JCB2|5.0|this is an awesome cd everyone needs to go get and support rock music. and you gotta go see family values '99 because all the bands are awesome especially limp bizkit,filter and staind.
B000002LH5|5.0|what can you say about such a talented group? i had this on tape for a  while, and i just recently bought it on cd, and let me tell you it sounds  WAY BETTER on CD!the cool thing is you can listen to this the whole way  through because all the songs are great! i really do love 'edie' the most  though, of all the cd's i own this is one cd i'll NEVER give away! get my  point?   peace people!!!
B00000K19E|2.0|Superb special effects. Intelligent plot-let down by sledghammer dialogue. Average to poor acting. Superb photography and camera work. The Matrix isn't quite the classic I had been lead to believe, it really is a mixed  effort. Yet, compared to George Lucas' latest travesty/merchandising  campain, it really is a good effort. Worst point: Casting of actor who  played Damien in that moronic aussie soap Home &amp; Away. He was bad in  that and he's even worse in this.
B0000085N4|5.0|what can you say about such a talented group? i had this on tape for a while, and i just recently bought it on cd, and let me tell you it sounds  WAY BETTER on CD!the cool thing is you can listen to this the whole way  through because all the songs are great! i really do love 'edie' the most  though, of all the cd's i own this is one cd i'll NEVER give away! get my  point?   peace people!!!
0553108034|5.0|This book was a real find in a second hand book shop in Ireland when on holiday, when i returned to the uk desprate for more i found that vol 2. Had been discontinued!!!  After reading vol 1 i have found it dificult to  forget the strong story and the complet twists.. Give us more!!!
B000002IGV|5.0|Although in the last several years I have moved away from heavy metal, I can say that without a doubt this is the best heavy metal album there is.  EVERY song is absolutely EXCELLENT.  About ten years ago, a friend and I  were out drinking and a song from this album came on the radio as I dropped  her off at her place.  She said, &quot;We must be the only people over 16  who bought this album,&quot; but at least we knew what we were doing.  Even  though I listen to country nowadays, this CD ROCKS!!!
0553108034|5.0|Yes, there are depressing moments in this book, just as in life.  Good does not triumph over evil without loss, without sacrifice.  This book does have its very dark moments, and, if all you want in fantasy is dancing  fairies and cavorting elves, you will not be happy here.  If you are  looking for a beautifully written, elegantly plotted, authentically  characterized book, this is it.  The finest (contemporary) on-going fantasy  series suffers from no &quot;sophomore slump.&quot;
B000009QPE|3.0|I THINK THIS DISC IS VERY WORTHY, BUT I THINK SHOW NO MERCY, HAUNTING THE CHAPEL, AND DECADE OF AGGRESSION SHOWCASE THE TALENT OF SLAYER TO THE MAX.  THAT SUBJECT ASIDE...HOWCAN YOU HAVE AN ESSENTIAL METAL LIST WITHOUT THE  ALLTIME OVER THE TOP GROUP.........MOTORHEAD. I'LL SHUTUP NOW  .........ADIOS
1573300403|5.0|Since I am a Jackson fan for more than half of my life now (I am 21) and not only his music but also the man himself are very special to me, you could say that I am not exactly the ideal person to critic this dvd.  But  for those, who, just like me, love Michaels music and his performances with  all their heart, this is the one dvd to have.  And for those who don't like  Michael's work but who are interested in seeing some of the best  chartographed dance performances, this dvd is still worth its money.  Finally, I hope that there will be a 3rd &quot;HisTory&quot;  Video/DVD for  there is surely a lot of material left, that isn't inclouded in  &quot;History - Video Greatest Hits&quot; or &quot;HisTory on Video Vol.  2&quot;.
B00000K19E|1.0|DO NOT BUY THIS DVD. It will not work with most PC DVD Players. This is probably why Amazon has marked it down so low, since they say there are no returns on opened DVD's.
6304140711|5.0|i love Fear! its like my favorite movie! its sooooo good! alyssa milano and reese witherspoon rules! they're so coo......and check out mah web site too! click here and i hope da html works. its sooo good!! im gonna try to  buy it. c ya pplz
B00000K19E|5.0|The film is set in the future, aproximatly 3000 AD. The world as we know it is &quot;normal 2000AD&quot; -known as the Matrix- but this is an illusion as the humans are bread as batteries for machines. There are  renegade humans, intent on freeing the other humans from the Matrix. The  story centres on a man recently freed from the matrix, destined to destroy  it. Other than that watch it and find out for your self.
B000005Z0G|5.0|Thsi is a great 2pac cd. I think its  his third best but its still 5 stars. The best songs are &quot;holla if ya hear me&quot;, &quot;Strictly 4 my N.i.g.g.a.z&quot;, &quot;Keep ya head up&quot;, and &quot;last  words&quot; I recommend this cd.
0449004589|4.0|Having read a few of Ken Follett's books, including Eye of the Needle, Pillars of the Earth and a Place Called Freedom, I have to admit to already being a fan of this author.  I was not disappointed with this latest read,  a book which I found difficult to put down from the very beginning. The  idea, although completely fictional became quite plausible as the storyline  unravelled.  (It also helped to have been in San Francisco last  year)<br />When I read a book by a new author and thoroughly enjoy it, I try a  few others and often find the storyline becomes very similar.  Other  author's I fell into this trap with were Jean Auel and John Grisham.  Now I  realise these are quite different genres, but in each of these instances I  became quite bored after reading a few of each of these authors books.  With Ken Follett though, each is completely different in content, but very  easy to read and difficult to put down.  I look forward to reading some  more.  Thanks Ken.  Well done!
0679746048|5.0|This book is absolutly awesome. I read it in 9th grade for my English class. It tells the story of and teenage girl who is put into a mental hospital after only one session with a therapist. Throughout the book, the  girl grows and matures much like any teenage girl does, but the setting is  a little bit different. But what the girls goes through and what she thinks  is exactly what I go through and think. This book was so powerful, it  almost had me convinced that I had a &quot;borderline personality.&quot; As  I said earlier, this book is a must for any teenage girl wanting to  understand her own thoughts and to basically find herself, because it sure  helped me.
068484267X|5.0|To be as terse as possible: this is one of the best books I've ever read, and I've read quite a few.  I am Irish American, and I taught English in the high schools of New York City for 33 years, so obviously I have  something in common with Mr. McCourt, but most literature about Ireland  concentrates on its wars and on romance.  No one I know of has ever told  the true story of poverty in Ireland and of the indifference and arrogance  of the church.  It was only after I finished the book that I realized that  the church had done nothing to help the children who came to school without  shoes.  They never provided even the worst of old shoes for them but simply  let them go without.  That, and the priest rewarding students with an apple  peel they all lusted for are enough to tell the story right there.  But  it's McCourt's style that really attracts readers to the book and has  created such a powerful word of mouth that his story has truly become a  modern classic.  Thanks, Frank!  Can't wait to see the movie and to read  &quot;T'is&quot;
B00001ZWTS|5.0|It was a great movie.  The only problem is that it was nothing like the show.  I have this major crush on Kevin Kline so, of corse I wanted to see it.  Dr. Lovless had been cut in half instead of being a midget. James West  is between James Bond and John Wayne.  Artimis Gorden is like, just cool.   He hs all these little gizmos and gadgets that do, just about evrything.  Everybody I know says it was a good movie and I agree full hartedly.
0380973464|5.0|A great intro to cryptography, and more technical detail than I've seen in any other SCI FI book. An engaging story, and well written to boot!
0767817443|4.0|It was a good movie and I liked all the actors.  My favorite is Hank Azaria and he plays &quot;Animal.&quot;  All it's about is a giant lizard comes to nest (lay eggs) in New York.  And the good guys have to stop it.   My best friends brother fell in love with it and he said you can ask  anybody and they'll say it was a good movie.
B000002LCU|5.0|This is by far one of George's best! If you are a Hari fan, or a Beatle fan you must find this album! Overall it is one of the most genuine and crafty solo Beatle efforts to date, hey... it's just one of the greatest  albums' ever. Unfortunate to be out of print, so I found it on LP and have  been in love with it ever since. The most contageous of these gems would be  &quot; Fish On The Sand &quot;, &quot; Devil's Radio &quot;, and &quot;  Breath Away From heaven &quot;. Every song is intimately composed and the  lyrics are intelligent and perfect! Harrison, a genius anyway... but this  album has not a wasted second... Get it!!!
6302814790|4.0|I have loved &quot;Beetlejuice&quot; when it first came out!  Tim Burtin is a guinis if you ask me.  If there was any stars above 5, I'd give him that many.  It starts out where this couple go to the store and they crash  into the side of a bridge and fall in the water and dround to death.They  die but there spirts still remain in the house. Then Beetlejuice tries to  help them get ride of the people who have move into there house.There is  only one girl who can see them and she tries to help them too.Everybody in  my family loves it and I recomend it to anybody who want's to evan think  about buying it.
0679457313|2.0|The hype surrounding this book abounds with much the same overuse of metaphor as does the writing of the book. Knee deep, no, thigh deep, in metaphor may work for some, but this is a case of the writer sacrifycing  story for style. Poetry? No way. A tapestry of overdone style.
0792839234|5.0|when i was ten i had to convince my mother to rent this she saw it in the theater as a kid and it scared the hell out of her it still had the same affect on her and i did not sleep for days will always be a phantasm fan
B00000K19E|5.0|NEXT GENERATION CAMERA ART
6304535570|4.0|I liked this movie. I admit I really liked it because of the romance, but also the action and the story(cold fusion). Elizabeth Shue has never looked so beautiful or so ethereal. The ending was really funny(the incident where  she was giving her speech). I really couldn't stand the son of the villain,  was he supposed to have had some kind of esp or sixth sense. Other than  that I loved this movie.
6305537542|5.0|no other movie has truly scared me than halloween.it has more dark areas and chilling sequences than any other horror film. even psycho couldnt compare.i have seen it ever since i was a little kid and probably always  will. make this a halloween traditon and watch it every october 31. dont  watch this alone!!!!
B00001OH7X|5.0|&quot;Lodger,&quot; the third entry in the Bowie/Eno trilogy during the late '70s, is driven by some elusive, yet powerful, force.  After twenty years, it has lost none of its edge for me.  Unlike many other Bowie  efforts--even the great ones--Lodger seems unaffected and determined to be  an entity unto itself.  Each song is a classic--not in the conventional  sense--but in its timeless and vivid urgency.  Bowie's career has been one  of many apexes, but this may well be the highest he's ever gone in sheer  fidelity to his own creativity.
6304007523|5.0|I've seen this movie about 100 times. I could see it another 100 times
0792151712|4.0|I hate to admit it, but I liked this movie.  I still don't think it deserved the Oscar for Best Picture (I still think L.A. CONFIDENTIAL was far better), but I will go so far as to say it is an Oscar worthy picture.  Despite the fact that the plot is cheesy and very predictable, James  Cameron finds someway to put it all together and make it look good, and  very entertaining.  If I may quote my English Professor, TITANIC is the  best movie made from the worst script ever written.  My sentiments exactly.  Best Picture?  No...not even close.  A good piece of entertainment? Sure.
0671867369|5.0|What a wonderful book!  Easy to read, filled with facts and minutia yet never dull.  My grandfather landed on the Normandy beaches - not with the paratroopers but &quot;regular&quot; army - and this book helps me to  understand, if only a little bit, what his war must have been like.  Ambrose has a gift - enjoy it!
B00001PE4D|1.0|I just watched this at a friends house, and thank god I didn't have to pay to see it.  This was a completely horrible movie.  Sarah Mischelle Geller proves that she has no acting ability whatsoever.  Ryan Phillipe seems to  have a tough time with this part, even though it's pretty two-dimensional  and boring, but maybe that can be blamed on the moronic script.  Reese  Witherspoon has done better, so once again I blame the script. I KNOW she's  more talented than that.  The movies saving grace was Selma Blair who was  hilarious as the too-innocent for life Cesillie (okay, so i'm a bad  speller...SUE ME!!).  The plot wasn't bad, but the dialouge utterly ruined  it for me.  I don't care how much money you've got, I refuse to belive that  anyone really talks like that.  It's also incredibly predictable.  If you  can't spot where this movie goes in the first fifteen minutes-no  offense-but you're something of an idiot.  Don't waste your time with this  one.  It's pointless and is a waste of time.  Even the lesbian make out  that I heard so much about was nothing more than a peck on the tounge.  Not  what I call &quot;sexy,&quot; more like awkward.
0312952813|3.0|I've a big fan of Connelly's Hary Bosch.  However, I didn't enjoy this book as much as I have his others.  It was good, but at times, the plot seemed forced and lacked Connelly's usual style of non-stop action and  suspense.
B0000070QS|5.0|After waiting years to be able to afford to buy it - I've decided that it was well worth the wait.  But I won't wait that long for the next one.  That voice still sends chills down my spine and takes me somewhere else.
0553275569|4.0|Very good book that takes you inside the minds of test pilots and astronauts. But Gus Grissom gets a raw deal being portrayed as a screw up. Gus was one of the most careful by the book do it right guys in the entire  space program. In all later Mercury missions where the hatch was blown by  the astronaut he received a bruse from the recoil of the mechanism. Gus  didn't have a mark on him, he could not have paniced and blown the hatch.  He did admit that his helmet could possibly have tripped the hatch blow  actuator due to the wave action on the capsule. But Wolf did a great  disservice by malighing a man who wasn't around to defend himself.
B00000K19E|5.0|This film is simply the best. I am yet to here anyone say a bad word about it. If you can't appreciate this film in the slightest then there is clearly something wrong with you.However make sure you go in cold, don't  let anyone tell you anything about it, do not read extensive reviews,  simply go and watch it and be entertained.
B00000HZHS|5.0|I really believe that this CD is better then Nevermind.  Scentlesss Apprentice is like, the coolest Nirvana song there is.  That, and with awesome tracks like Heart Shaped Box, Serve the Servents, and All  Apologies, its really amazing.
B00000K19E|4.0|Es una pelicula que es dificil imaginar su contenido. La recomiendo grandemente para las personas que aman la combinacion de ciencia ficcion y accion.
B00000I8BX|3.0|Burton C. Bell is one of the best lyric writters in the metal genre today, but sadly, he rarely ever puts them to good use. Instead of singing, he growls and screams most of them. In Timelessness and Cars he actually sings  and is good, and then I hear the other songs and I'm just like &quot;Man,  you can sing, so why don't you?&quot; And what I REALLY like about him is  that he doesn't swear. He can write kick ass lyrics and not swear. There's   only one swear word in the entire CD, on Shock. As for the music, it was  pretty good. I think they sound a little too much alike for my taste. The  best ones are Shock, Edgecrusher, Descent, Timelessness, and Cars, the rest  mainly sound the same and blends in too many of the instruments at a time,  kinda sounding like Slayer in one point.  I also like how the whole CD  (without the extra tracks) tells a story. I found that concept really cool.  Overall good, but could have been a lot better.
B00000IL26|5.0|The clarity of the Rudy Van Gelder edition made me  trade in my old copy of &quot;Sidewinder&quot; and pick this up. Hank Mobley is wonderful and the music is timeless. it is in my player at least once a week.
630027179X|5.0|Excalibur is my No1 Film.I remember seeing it on television when i was about 12.Everything about it was magical.The Castles,Swords,Sorcery and Igraine!This film never gets the respect it deserves in the UK.In the US  you seem to appreciate it far more.Does anyone like me shed a tear at the  end with Arthur's death? The scene where Excalibur is caught in the lake  will live with me always.A STUNNING FILM.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|i USUALLY dont hAVE high excpectations for summer movies,but even compared to other reALLY BAD SUMMer movies this was just plain awful
0780626966|5.0|This is an excellent set!  I am a big fan of all the movies in the series and now I have all of them on VHS and DVD.  I really like the idea of putting the original 3-D ending back into &quot;Freddy's Dead&quot;.  Plus,  it's great seeing Part 2 in stereo for the first time.  Like I said in the  summary, it is a must for &quot;Nightmare&quot; fans.
B000002572|5.0|I started listening to Boston in early 1994. I had heard numerous other 70's bands, and Boston REALLY caught my attention. The guitar work is nothing at all like typical 70's rock. No disco. If all you know about 70's  is disco, try this CD! It will change your mind. I actually thought this  was done in the 80's because of the style.<br />I admit, More Than A Feeling  is why I bought it, but believe me, the other songs are very good.<br />I have  been listening to Boston for 5 years, and can listen to it OVER and OVER  and OVER, and I never get tired of it. Tom Scholz does AMAZING guitar work,  and Brad Delp has AWESOME vocals. In fact, Tom did things on guitars that I  didn't know were possible.<br />Want to see some killer guitar work? Buy  _Third Stage_ and listen to it. He does orchestra sounds using a guitar!  His guitar work in concert is UNBELIEVEABLE.<br />In short, if you like 70's  rock, get this CD! It is the best 70's music I've ever heard.<br />(Did you  know that &quot;More Than A Feeling&quot; was on the top 10 charts for  MONTHS in 1976-77?)
6305546797|5.0|This DVD edition of Halloween is BRILLIANT. Anchor Bay have totally redeemed themselves by re-releasing the best horror movie of all time. Their first release was badly done. This special edition is so cool. The  picture is THX and is so clear (you would think the movie was filmed in the  last few years - the only thing that dates it is the clothing/hairstyles  etc). The sound (if you are watching with a Dolby Digital receiver) is  amazing. The extra features are excellent - a 30 minute documentary that  has been very well done with interviews, footage of the locations as they  are now and how they made the movie), over 100 behind the scenes photos. It  is an excellent DVD and worth the money. Thanks Anchor Bay for re-releasing  this classic horror movie!
6304493738|5.0|i was very sleepy when i watched the movie for the first time,but then i jumped up at the end and laughed so so hard, cuz I SIMPLY COULDN'T BELIEVE WHAT I SEE. now i have the VHS and i've watched it over and over again with  friends(some hated it cuz they weren't paying attention) but now i'm  waiting for the DVD of it cuz i always believe you should get the best of  anything,especially a masterpiece like TUS.<br />look closer.
0451197968|4.0|I am avid reader of Stephen King and this book is definitely one of his best. It can be kind of confusing at first because the book is set in the future. However, King does an excellent job of using his running theme, the  media, to illustrate the fascination of popular tv and its connection to  human survival.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is wonderful and I am not a action fan.  This film combines, action, drama, and sci-fi thrown into one- with a  touch of romance.  Must see!!!!
B000002N2Z|5.0|stephen carpenter is an absolute riff monger. one of the best of the decade.  highly recommended if you like heavy music you'll love this cd.
B0000035E7|1.0|Man, this stuff is more irritating than getting bitten by fire ants.  Music?  I think not.
B00000JCB2|5.0|very good, more mature lyrics from Limp Bizkit.  heavy but much more melodic.  i'd buy this cd in a heart beat.
B00002E23H|1.0|I  went to this movie with really high expectations due to the really positive critcal reviews.  It not only didn't live up to those expectations, I was so disgusted with this trash I believe I lost IQ points  watching it.  This movie was hyped as a Jaws for the 90's.  Unfortunately  it just took scenes from all 4 Jaws movies and edited them all together.   The acting was poor, the FX were campy, and the plot was horrendously bad.   If you want to take my advice, go see Lake PLacid instead.  The other big  bad monster movie of the summer.
630133454X|5.0|Not only does this video / film make you weak at the knees with all the seduction and villianary - it lures you into a perhaps wrongful sense of beautiful happiness...maybe in your mind you CAN do what Glenn and John do  - or maybe not.  Having seen the film / video at LEAST a million times -  the book is a must, no matter how hard the 'classical' necessities are.  My  God - do NOT miss this. - !!
B00000099Y|5.0|Could you describe this album as Pink Floyd on steriods with a hint of Metallica?
6300214826|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola's &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is one of the best films ever made based on the Vietnam. Sure, it's not as effective as Oliver Stone's &quot;Platoon,&quot; but it's still stunning. This film goes deep  into the demons in one man's mind. This serves more as a study of madness,  of the darkness in man's heart and how war can awaken that all too savage  darkness. &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is also visually stunning, with some  great cinematography and camera work. I actually liked this film more than  Coppola's other well-known masterpiece, &quot;The Godfather.&quot;  &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is intense, chilling, and incredibly  well-written by John Milius (director of &quot;Conan The Barbarian&quot;).  But what I liked the most was Marlon Brando's powerful performance as a  crazed general. This is a masterpiece in filmmaking.
6304773382|3.0|The first time I saw Tank Girl was in a high-energy party setting, with a very enthusiastic friend.  I laughed the whole way through and loved it.  The second time I watched it was in a much calmer setting, and it didn't  have quite the same effect.  I think it's a great movie if you're in the  mood for something silly; you just have to let go of all credibility and  enjoy it.  I wouldn't reccomend it for viewing if you're not in a kind of  hyper mood, or for anyone over 25.
B00000JSAW|4.0|Cake is a good, but almost unheard of band.  I think their CD is great. I also really like their song &quot;Never There&quot;
B00000J7JO|5.0|I am glad that the RHCP are back with one of their best albums out.  I thought this CD was very worldly, where some songs were sad and some were up-beat and funky, and some are just like some songs from BLOOD SUGAR SEX  MAGIK.  this is the sequel to BLOOD SUGAR SEX MAGIK. they use wonderful  chemistry on this album. making Californication serious and Porcelain seem  dull. Good job, guys!
B00000DBXL|5.0|Cake is a great band.  It is sad that Cake is almost totaly unheard of to most people. Wich is a shame because they are truley one of the BEST bands ever.  I personally like there song &quot;NEVER THERE&quot;!!
B00000269M|5.0|Micheal has truly made god songs and performed them extremely great some of my most favorite are &quot;Why  you wanna trip on me&quot; Man in the mirror, Te way you make me feel, Bad, also his CD Dangerous  both of these  including the hit THRILLER is the best of all time if anything BUy these  three cd's.BAD, DANGEROUS, and THRILLER. Way to Micheal keep it up
B000002GJH|5.0|In Soundgarden, Chris Cornell and Matt Cameron always stood out as the true force in the band. But in Temple of the Dog, all members contribute equally amazing performances. While all the songs are fantastic, the best  is &quot;Reach Down,&quot; in which Cornell gives the best vocal  arrangement of his career, the guitar interplay between Gossard and McReady  is intense, and Cameron elevates his drumming beyond just a beat with  excellent fills, unique beats, and perfectly-timed cymbal work. Bassist  Jeff Aments highlight comes in &quot;Hunger Strike,&quot; which he  accompanies perfectly. The only song that doesn't quite live up to the  others is &quot;Pushin Forward Back.&quot; Temple of the Dog is my favorite  all-time record because of the intricate, refined music and vocalization it  offers.
034538072X|5.0|I can honestly say, sadly, I was never taught this in school. But could the teachers have taught as well as Ms.Weir did? I don't think so. She makes these people who only show as words on a page, stand up and take  shape and become real, living, breathing,and some headless, human beings.  It's like watching a movie that you've seen before, you know the  outcome,but you hope the characters will win in the end. Read it and be  enriched! Thank you Ms.Weir
0684833395|1.0|I first read Catch-22 when I was in high school in the '70s.  I hated it.  But throughout my life I kept bumping into people who worshiped this book as if it was a great missing chapter from the Bible.  So, I recently  decided to give it another try.  I'm older and wiser now, I thought, so  maybe I might finally &quot;get&quot; whatever it was I missed in the first  reading decades ago.  I should have stuck with my initial teenage  impressions.  This book bored me in '70s and it still bored me in the '90s.   Great charactor names like... Major Major Major Major!  Wow, that's really  funny!  Whew!  This book is a stinker.  I don't need Joseph Heller to tell  me that war is hell.  Why do you?
6303402348|5.0|Like the movie Airplane, every time I watch Forrest Gump over again there are always little things that I had not previously noticed.  Except unlike Airplane, Forrest Gump combines its humor with real drama and moral  statements.  Every individual scene is a whole movie and moral in and of  itself -- The Value of: Persistemce, Believing in Yourself, Enjoying the  Simple Pleasures of Life, Forgiveness, Sacrifice, Duty, Honor, Following  Through On Comittments, Helping Others.... I could go on and on.  Superbly  written and acted.  I was ecstatic when the movie and Tom Hanks were  appropriately recognized by Oscar.
B000003TAR|2.0|I laugh when I hear people say that Nirvana was the best band that ever was (Ok, so far, you're entitled to your opinion, though I think that this is a very limiting perspective on the totality of music) or ever will be  (now waitamminit.  Pre-empting ALL future bands?  Give me a break.)<br />This  stuff is neither the be-all, end-all of music, nor is it even very  worthwhile on an artistic level.  Many of these out-of-tune songs sound  like they were written in five minutes by a very disturbed individual  (which, it turns out, Cobain was).<br />Not an album to remember.  I also  laugh at all the kids that were crying a river and holding all-night vigils  over Cobain's suicide, as if he were their spiritual leader or something,  or as if his lyrics really MEANT something important.  (What the heck do  half of them even mean, anyway?  Damned if I can figure them out.)   Cobain's decision to kill himself was tragic, but jeez, come on, people.
0930289455|5.0|A comic nearing perfection in both its graphic and story construction. The art, empasising sickly greens, oranges and reds (especially during Gordon's torture sequence) works brilliantly at evoking a sense of the deranged and  desperate mind of the Joker. That this tale is only one brutal cycle in the  continuing, and perhaps endless, Joker/Batman confrontation is made all-too  clear by the same, full-page panel of rain falling in muddy water being  shown at both the beginning and the end. The story itself is also  spectacular, from Batman's initial attampt to reason with his archnemesis  (&quot;There once were two guys in a lunatic asylum...&quot;)Joker's  merciless attack and humiliation of Barbara Gordon, to  Joker's hideous  claim that the only difference between him and the rest of the world is  &quot;one bad day.&quot; One of the most bizarre and horrifying moments in  Batman history must be achieved in the two foes final confrontation...that  one brief moment when the Joker turns-halfway to Batman...is he considering  accepting the Dark Night's help?...to the final scene when both men laugh  uncontollably in the killing rain; a single moment when the both the Batman  and Joker get the same Joke: that they are together, forever, until they  destroy each other. Perhaps this is the &quot;Killing Joke&quot; of the  title?
B000002LCD|5.0|I am an avid early Madonna fan, but have never cared for her later work (with 1992's Erotica the exception to that rule).  Madonna's 4 songs from this CD are the last from her &quot;early period&quot;, they are also, by  far and away, her best.  The fact &quot;Look of Love&quot; didn't get a US  single release is simply an injustice, I usually don't like ballads, but I  love this one.  &quot;Who's That Girl&quot; is a masterpiece,  simultaneaously being both innocently fun and eerily haunting.  And, in my  humble opinion, &quot;Causing a Commotion&quot; is the single finest song  ever recorded, 4:20 of pure energy.  Unfortunatley, the alnum's quality  dips percepitously once you get beyond the Madonna stuff, but nevertheless  well worth the price.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Does that really matter that they have no solos?  Bottom line is, if you want to move.. and not worry about what is said, even though, i feel that they have some valid stuff to say.. GET THIS CD.  I am a 32 yr old,  alternative loving, hiphop loving, rock loving dude... and these guys blend  it all together into a very excellent cd i have to say.  Get it folks, you  wont be disappointed, oh unless you are like one of the whiners on here  whining about this or that... always be whiners...
0790736241|5.0|I am disappointed in the low ratings given this movie by many Christians.  I consider myself to be a Born-Again Evangelical Roman Catholic Christian.  I fould the movie very thought provoking.  M. Scott Peck, M.D. an author  and Psychiatrist in his book &quot;The Road Less Traveled &amp;  Beyond&quot; states that the best way to sell yourself on Christianity (and  Grace) is to have a very questioning attitude toward religion.  When you  decide YES, your faith is built on a solid foundation.  This movie puts  that philosophy to the test.  And for me comes down on the side of God.   The scene on the party balconey where the preacher asks Jodie Foster to  prove that her father loves her was a stunning revalation for me.  She  responded that she just knows, but can't prove it.  I find that to be one  of the strongest statements to support faith in God that I have ever heard.   I have used that &quot;prove XXXXX loves you&quot; to support my belief in  God on several occasions since the movie.  How can we PROVE God loves us  (or that he exists) any more than you can PROVE that your husband or  whoever loves you.  The movie was a religious experience for me.  I am  sorry other Christians don't see the value in the movie.  I suppose that  non-believers can support their positions with the movie too.  Maybe that  is the rub?  Jodie Foster's performance was worthy of an Oscar.  It was  superb!
B000003TA4|3.0|I actually enjoy most of this album, if I'm in the right mood for it.  But best of all time?  Give me a break.<br />Thank God the whole grunge nonsense that Nirvana started finally WENT AWAY.  Man, it sure took long enough.   What a bust that was.  A whole lot of muddled noise and awful stuff  pretending to be music.<br />That said, if you want grunge, Nirvana did it the  best, and this is their most accessible album.  Again -- if you're in the  right mood for it -- it can be fun.  But it sure isn't something I'd call  the best music ever made.  If everyone felt that way, the grunge movement  would still be going strong.  But it petered out pretty fast.  Thank God  for that.
0767819543|5.0|This movie is true magic and so beautifully crafted that it really deserved to win the oscar for best foreign movie. Alas, there is only one place for one winner and no chance to get it &quot;exequoe&quot; with La  vita e bella (that I really liked too : I cried in both movies). There are  no sexual or big action scenes, it is all about life, true life. You do not  have to think, you just have to feel, feel how love and trust grow between  Josue and Dora (two antithetic persons that just crave for human relations  and affection), share Josue's stubbornness and hopes and Dora's cynicism  and fondness for the boy..  For me, Fernanda Montenegro has won the oscar  for best actress. I watched the other nominees' performance (that were all  good in their own way) but she is the only one that made me cry at the end  and the only one whose character I can easily relate with (Fernanda renders  it extremelly well) : she is the best.  Watch this movie, it reflects  reality and real concerns and problems of today (materialism cannot replace  human touch, organs traffic, poverty, ...). Its message is simple:  Life is  hard enough, do not let people spoil it and destroy your dreams, do not  give them up no matter what, and if you are desillusioned in your attempts,  at least you would have tried and would have known and learnt from them.  Life is all about experience.
0792841344|5.0|This is without a doubt the finest dvd I own. I never write reviews for anything, except for a movie at the bboards that I go to. But when I got this dvd earlier this week, just reading the info of what's on the disc  made me think, it was worth the money. Now I don't have nor have I ever had  a laser disc. But this disc is loaded with extras, you can customize the  music on the main menu but it's a hidden feature. There are a couple hidden  features, and the extras are just outstanding. The film itself, is a  spectacular transfer, in both video and audio. It makes my vhs tape of  Phantasm look like your watching without glasses on. Overall, this is a  beautiful disc, with extras that will make you drool. True Phans, this is  the disc you should get now. Or if you like horror, this is another fine  disc to add to your collection.
B00001QGPS|4.0|This album is tight as hell!The intro is tight.But Eric Sermon's production is wack at times.The lyrics are good.Get this s**t.
B0000027RL|1.0|Yawn.  Yet another '90s band with a bleak view of life.<br />This whole album just belongs in the dumpster.  It was really laughable that &quot;Jeremy&quot; became a hit.  That so-called &quot;song&quot; was just  plain awful.  One of the worst songs of the '90s -- and that is saying a  lot, because the '90s was absolutely, positively the most pathetic decade  for popular music so far.
B00000K19E|5.0|THE MATRIX HAS YOU... and boy is it grea
6305508550|4.0|This is gut-splitting, laugh-out-loud comedy, similar to &quot;Clerks.&quot;  It will warm the heart of anyone who hates bureaucracy and lack of a merit system at work.
B000008H1Y|5.0|This is the last really vital tull record! That's not to say Ian and the lad's have not had A good one since.They have had many,but this disc marks the end of an era,all offerings after this were much more produced and  calculated.Songs from the wood bristled with great hooks and clever  arrangements,maybe the most commercial prog rock album of all time!The  playing is stellar by all acounts and the production while slick,is not as  watery as say Heavy Horses.Also A great disc.but<br />less&quot;HUNGRY&quot;  this is one man's opinion, but if your just starting to buy tull records  this is A great place to start.  PEACE
B0000035E7|1.0|This first attempt from Cobain and the gang is horrible.  Raw, tuneless, amelodic, endlessly repetitive grunge trash.  (&quot;Negative Creep&quot; is a perfect example.  Hey, let's scream &quot;Johnny's little girl ain't a  girl no more&quot; about ten zillion times, and call it a song.)<br />I  actually like some of Nirvana's later stuff.  But all in all, the grunge  movement was a bust.  Thank God it's all but gone now.  It sure wore out  its welcome fast.  Now, back to constructing actual melodies and harmonies,  OK?
0780626966|5.0|This is a great set..I've always loved watching the movies over and over..Although there are some cheesy scenes but that's ok..If you love Freddy then I suggest getting this set..
B00000DCH9|5.0|What an absolutely incredible album. I know intimately all of Joel's works, and I've listened to this one the most.  His early work is incredibly artistic, fresh, and poignant. Joel has always expressed his  thoughts &amp; feelings thru his art, and his energy and drive show in this  one! Yeah, Piano Man is always the song he'll be known for, but these are  all brilliant pieces of work here: Ain't No Crime, Stop in Nevada,  Somewhere Along the Line-this is the stuff they should radio broadcast  instead of his overplayed late 70's work. INCREDIBLE JOEL - I LOVE IT,  CAN'T GET ENOUGH, GIVE ME SOME MORE!
0780626478|5.0|At first we were going to bypass this rental, thinking it would be too &quot;teenagery&quot;. Boy, were we glad we rented it. I have to see it again cause I'm sure we missed a lot of dialogue due to us laughing too  much at Christopher Walken AND the dance that Sissy Spacek did when the  finally opened the vault door!
6305546797|1.0|Halloween itself was EXCELLENT no questions but where's the closed captioned??? I thought restored limited edition will provide everything including Closed-captioned... this seem like a last minute  distribution!  If I were them, I'd better double check before sell them to my valuable  customers! Please do insert Closed-captioned as soon as possible. You can  retitle &quot;Re-Restored Limited Edition&quot; and keep in your mind it's  the laws!
B0000009SF|5.0|This is probably one of Zappas finest albums.The title song is absolutely unbelievable.The horn work mixed in with all the other fine musicians makes for a jazz-rock feast for the ears.If your a Zappa fan it is a must have.
B000000H42|5.0|Folks, you better know that Fate are one of the original Black Metal pioneers, and in my opinion the greatest. Venom was cool, but goofy and totally untalented; Celtic Frost were great and then became a bunch of  posers; Along with Bathory, Mercyful Fate created a lifestyle and an entire  genre. Fate features intelligently written Satanic lyrics (Diamond knows  what he's singing about), excellent guitar work and a supreme bass and drum  foundation...and of course those vocals! Satan himself would not sound so  wicked. Kids, this is for real and this is the best album. Do yourself a  HUGE favour and pick up this cd. Any Black Metal warrior should have this  in their collection. My personal fave...&quot;Night of the Unborn&quot; Ave  Satanas...Regi Satanas...Hail!
B000002MG1|5.0|I got this CD my last year of high school.  Somehow it managed to get me through some of the most gut-wrenching physical and emotional pain I have ever experienced.  For anyone who has ever been separated from a loved one  (or from his or herself), Sweetness Follows makes more sense than any  apology or hand-written letter ever could.  And for all of those who left  our sleepy towns that year to hide ourselves in the big city (or at least  in college), Find the River is more or less a prophecy that plays itself  out over time.<br />However, let us not forget the &quot;vitriol,  no-solution, spleen-venting&quot; of Ignoreland or the brightness of  Sidewinder.<br />There are so many facets to this album.  To this day, 7 years  later, I still discover new stuff when I listen to it.  And at the same  time, I remember so viscerally those lost days of 1992, when it seemed that  this album represented the only truth in the world.
B00000K19E|5.0|The best visual and audio effects of any movie yet to play on my DVD player.  With Dolby digital, it sounds like bullets are flying through the living room.
6303477259|5.0|This is the absolute superior live music performance out there. Its the concert by wich all are measured! I could not belive what I was seeing when I saw it for the first time. Just go and watch it! No dissapointments here!
B00001ZUGK|5.0|The Matrix was the best sci-fi movie that I have seen in years.  The plot of the story was magnificent.  It gave the audience something to think about.  Is reality, reality?  The special effects in the movie complimented  the plot nicely.  The fight scenes left me wide eyed with wonder at what  computers can do to make things look real.      For anyone who is a  fantasty fan this film is a real winner.  It may even convert some strict  realist.
079072961X|5.0|What can you say supurb acting, great story, great movie. The only drawback to the DVD version is it does not have any special features for some reason.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Before I bought the cd I didn't think it was going to be all that good, but I loved it. There are some songs that are not as good as others, but I think they are all good. The ones that I liked the best are, &quot;Too  Late&quot;, Feelin So Good&quot;, &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot;, &quot;It's  Not That Serious&quot;, and &quot;Open Off My Love.&quot; If you don't have  this cd yet, I recommend it. She is very talented!
6300184080|5.0|This movie touches my heart and makes me feel lucky to be me. When you are watching, this movie puts you in Rocky's place and asks you if you can be that brave.
B000002BSG|1.0|Listening to this CD, which was ultraclean and ultracrisp was like listening to a tribute band to 70s soul -- good chops, but absolutely nothing new. Everything is copped from somewhere else. It doesn't even have  wit... and I thought that was a British forte. If you're hooked on the  bubble-gum qualities of &quot;Virtual Insanity&quot; try and find a  single... because this CD just isn't worth it.
B00000I9MK|5.0|This is a recording that yields more listening pleasure with every spin. On &quot;Tigermilk&quot; Belle &amp; Sebastian create a smooth blend of rock, infused with beautiful arrangements, lush keyboards, and rhytmic  guitars.  All of this wonderful instrumentation is complemented by Stuart  Murdoch's mellow, yet unique vocals.  Their is even some trumpet and flute  thrown in to the wonderful stew that comprises this extraordinary albulm.   For anyone who enjoys smooth, somewhat mellow rock with a touch of jazz,  the catchy and very stimulating tracks on &quot;Tigermilk&quot; are well  worth the investment.  This cd grows on you with each new listen, and as  each track nestles into your brain you may find yourself humming happily.   The satisfaction this cd yields is infectious, so relish it.  Albulms like  &quot;Tigermilk&quot; don't come often.
6304493681|5.0|The Ghost in the Shell is easily one of the best anime movies ever made, perhaps the best. The technical rendering is excellent. The soundtrack is breathtaking. This is an intriguing film that is more than an intellectual  match for every big-budget Hollywood sci-fi flick except Bladerunner. It  represents what we all wish anime was. A must for any DVD collection, no  matter how small.
B000002C1X|5.0|The greatest Water's momment. He HAD to make this album. Here, unlikely &quot;Animals&quot;, none could give relevant contributions. But, when Gilmour contributes, things make better: check out &quot;Confortably  Numb&quot;, &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; and &quot;Young Lust&quot;,  (Gilmour/Waters compositions), and &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky&quot; (Waters,  but sung by Gilmour). My only complain is: why Wright, an excellent  musician, was fired? Waters, you didn't need to do it.
0792841344|5.0|Phantasm was a great film in VHS.  It is even better in the DVD format.  This is perhaps one of the greatest surprises of the year in DVD.  Not only is the film great, but also the commentary and the behind the scenes  footage add so much to the entire package!  I especially appreciate the  digital re-master of the original! The 5.1 Dolby Surround is incredible,  especially with the benefit of a good subwoofer! The purists can even  listen to the fantastic original score.      This film is testimony that a  person with vision and imagination, in this case Don Coscarelli and crew,  can accomplish a great deal on a small budget.  I have seen all the  Phantasm installments and believe this one belongs in every fans video  library.      For the real fan of Phantasm it should be noted that one of  the deleted scenes of the Tall Man's, Angus Scrimm's, dialogue was included  in the fantastic sequel Phantasm II. He says in the latter case to the  Priest &quot;You think when you die you go to heaven, you come to us!&quot;       This film is a study in surrealism. There are a few elements of very  dark humor. The sequels are technically superior, but on a budget of  approximately $300,000 they accomplished wonders.  They all worked as a  team and a very unique film was born.      I suppose the Tall Man  represents on one level a person's fear of death, but as can be seen in  Phantasm IV: Oblivion there is a lot that is still unanswered in this saga.   Angus Scrimm's character of the Tall Man is possibly one of horror film's  most sinister if not the most intriguing concepts to date.  If you haven't  viewed any Phantasm film, this one is worth the price!  As the old TV ad  goes &quot;if this one doesn't scare you your're probably dead.&quot;       This is one sci-fi/horror classic, I don't that will leave an impression on  you as it has me since seeing it in 1979. The girl in purple is waiting, as  is the Tall Man. If you are a fan visit the official Phantasm website at  for all the latest.
B000002C1Z|3.0|Pink Floyd as a Water's backup band begins here. Wright's input was incredibly reduced. The overall concept is pretty good (orwellian's theme), but the music is not so good. Well, &quot;Dogs&quot; is excellent,  &quot;Pigs&quot; is good, but &quot;Sheep&quot; is mediocre (it seems a  precursor of rap for me). And &quot;Pigs on the Wing&quot; made me miss the  acoustic songs presents in &quot;More&quot;. Waters had excellent ideas,  but he could share musical ideas with the rest of the band. Although he's a  great lyricist and a good composer and vocalist, he's not Syd Barrett, the  greatest all-time composer!
B000005RHR|5.0|With his first Selected Ambient Works Aphex has done a great job starting with the best song of the disc Xtal, which is a great intro he slowly starts using a little faster ambient noises through Tha, Pulsewidth and  Ageispolis. It's true that I like Aphex better with his 'new' music, which  means Richard D. James album, Come to Daddy etc. But this disc is certainly  worth it's price, and it's almost 75 minutes not 35 or so :).  Best songs  are: Xtal, Hedphelym, Heliosphan.
B0000025SB|3.0|Come on, guys... this record doesn't have Wright, and Gilmour and Mason didn't work a lot on it... only Waters. He's a genius, but this is a self-indulgent record. Of course, there are pretty good songs: &quot;Not  Now John&quot; (Gilmour's vocals are amazing), &quot;Gunner's Dream&quot;,  &quot;Your Possible Pasts&quot;. But nothing compared with &quot;The  Wall&quot; or early works such &quot;Ummagumma&quot; or AHM.
B00000J615|5.0|Gee, I think this music is swell and will always be in style. Thanks to everyone who contributed to making this cd, and especially to Diana Krall for working hard and sharing her talent.   Listening to this cd always  makes my working days go a little better. So, thanks again for some  excellent music and I hope Diana will tour in Indiana someday.
B000002UA2|3.0|None music from this album is considered a Floyd's classic (unlikely &quot;More&quot; soundtrack, which has &quot;Cymbaline&quot; and &quot;Cirrus Minor&quot;). It's a cohesive and interesting record, however.  It's pretty difficult to point highlights here, but I sum this risk: maybe  &quot;Childhood's End&quot; and &quot;Stay&quot;.
0060977493|1.0|I can not believe that a brilliant individual would write such a nauseating, heart wrenching, terrible book.  Our book club chose this book-only two of us suffered enough to finish it.  After which we all put  the book in the trash, where it belongs.  It would be nice to read  something that Ms. Roy wrote that wasn't filled with all the horrible  things of this world-all which happen to be in the same book.  USE YOUR  BRILLIANT MIND TO WRITE SOMETHING WORTH READING Ms. Roy!
B000002U8G|4.0|I prefer AHM than this one, but it has one serious candidate of Floyd's best song: &quot;Echoes&quot;. This one is a masterpiece. The band never was as cohesive and inspirated as here. &quot;One of These Days...&quot; is  OK, but it's a sub-&quot;Careful With That Axe Eugene&quot; tune  (&quot;Careful&quot;... is light-years better than this). &quot;A Pillow of  Winds&quot;, &quot;Fearless&quot; and &quot;Seamus&quot; are pleasant, but  not unforgettable. And &quot;Saint Tropez&quot; is awful, horrible.
B00001NFCY|5.0|CREED IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER HEARD. THEY BLOW KORN AND LIMP BIZKIT OUT OF THE WATER.
B000002U9W|5.0|Another extremely underrated album, AHM is even rejected by the band. But it's injustice. The title track is good (not perfect: &quot;Mind Your Throats Please&quot; lacks focus), but the wole side contains 4 gems:  Water's &quot;If&quot;, Wright's &quot;Summer'68&quot; (hors concours),  Gilmour's &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; and collective &quot;Allan's Psychedelic  Breakfast&quot; (weird, but cool). This is easily one of the best Floyd's  albuns (in my opinion, is much better than &quot;Dark Side of the  Moon&quot; or &quot;The Wall&quot;).
0670881791|3.0|The language was lovely, the descriptions of chocolate delicious, but the characters were contrived, and the plot too obviously formula.  Battle of good and evil, temptation and resistance, the good wins in the end and  leaves the world a better place . . . glad to have read it, but it didn't  leave me wanting more.<br />I recommend it highly for chocolate-loving people  wanting a light quick read that they don't have to think much about.
B000002U82|5.0|I like this one (trust me), but I consider &quot;Ummagumma&quot;, &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot; and &quot;Piper&quot; better than this. How I said above, it's much overproduced and polished, and the majority of the  track follows a light progressive line. However, there are exceptions:  &quot;On The Run&quot;, &quot;Time&quot;, &quot;The Great Gig In the  Sky&quot;, &quot;Money&quot; and &quot;Us and Them&quot;. Though, it  deserves 5 stars, surely.
B000002UAU|5.0|The comments by setuseth@netscape.net (A Sad America, September 28, 1999) violate this site's basic guidelines since they depart from the content of the CD.  This person's album review, along with this comment, should be  deleted.  Anyway, since his fatuous self doesn't know how to spell (it's  germane), maybe he should spend some time listening to the album again.
B000002C1W|2.0|Waters and Gilmour need each other. If you could mix &quot;Final Cut&quot; and this record at the same time, you'd have a masterpiece! But Gilmour, an excellent musician, was not inspirated as a composer here (and he's an  excellent melodist too!). Except &quot;On the Turning Away&quot;  (fantastic), the remaining songs are very acessable and pop. &quot;Dogs of  War&quot; is, in my opinion, the worst Floyd's song. But, fortunately,  &quot;The Division Bell&quot; is a redemption.
B000002BBY|2.0|There first album is first rate and I was hooked.I became an Oasis junkie.Morning Glory is way overrated &quot;morning glory&quot; and &quot;dont look back in anger&quot; are the best songs on this album. This  album is not supersonic. Is that blur i hear?
B000002U9Y|5.0|This is the only album which features all floydians. It's a transitional work, but it's pretty excellent. Waters wrote him one of his best compositions, &quot;Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun&quot;.  Wright's input is amazing here (I love his songs). And the title track is  incredible (although I prefer Ummagumma's version). If you're a Floyd fan,  yo MUST have this one.
B000002AS3|5.0|This is one of the best albums of the decade! Every song is ear shattering and every song will take hold of you!
6304466498|5.0|This movie is a cross between Star Wars and Star Trek.  Brooks name in the movie is Dark Helmet.  Thers a Colonel Sanders who by the way is &quot;Chicken&quot;.  There is a Princess Vespia who is a Drushis Princess.   There is a Mog (half man and half dog, he's is own best friend.)  The star  in the movie's name is Lonestar who gets payed to find the king's kidnaped  daughter who got kidnaped by Dark Helmet.  It is the funnest movie of the  year, well in that year.  It'a a great vid so, GET IT!
038533348X|4.0|Another magnificent and suspenseful book by vonnegut,....  Learn Bokononism, face the lies... Enjoy...
0767835255|5.0|Ford plays the presedent of the US.  His plane (Air Force One) gets hijacked.  Glen Close plays the Vice Presedent and she is down in the White House while all this is going on.  The presedent's protector is on the  antitaginist's side.William H. Macy plays a General who has to protect the  Pres. through the whole movie.  At the end the Pres.,his family,and all the  other hostiges get off safe and sound right before the plane crashes.  On a  sader note, William H. Macy gets shot three times in the chest.  Ask  anybody whose seen it they will say it was a pretty good movie.
B00000K19E|4.0|special effects were terriffic,.. I have only seen this movie one time, but I can't wait to see it again.  Its a movie that the more you see it the more you will understand it.  I really thought it was GREAT
6305169195|5.0|I absolutely love this movie. Sure there are a lot of people who were critics of this movie, but I personaly thought this was one of the best! The best part was when Bruce Willis gave his life for Ben Afflect, so he  could stay with Bruce's daughter. It was true love for his daughter when he  did that. He could have let Ben die, but he knew that they were in love. Of  course it is Hollywood, and he didn't die , but that is what made the movie  so great! I started crying when Bruce died, but I was happy when Ben  returned to Liz. So I can say this movie is a tear jerker and a spectacular  romance movie.
B000002HH9|5.0|I am a long time Cure fan. While this album does not match the beauty of Disintegration, and is far from being as dark as Pornography, I think the critics killed this album a little too fast. Bare is one of the most  touching songs I've ever heard (except for &quot;Just Like  Heaven&quot;...), &quot;Strange Attractions&quot; is great, &quot;Jupiter  Crash&quot; is funny, and &quot;Numb&quot; provides the darker track. If  you're willing to accept an album that is not very dark, go and get this  one.
6302000823|5.0|I purchased this video as soon as it was available and have watched it at least seven times (I almost never watch a movie more than once!) I watched it last week after not having watched it in several years and felt just as  I did when I saw it for the first time ten years ago in Greenwich Village,  NYC.  This movie is so moving, so incredible, a wonderful gift for someone  you love and for yourself!
0783228317|1.0|I have to agree with the reader from san diego this movie just plain SUCKED!! maybe you have to be tripping to enjoy watching this film, but since I am not into drugs I would'nt know.  If I wanted to watch people  being high I would go to a midnight rave.  I was disappointed in this film  and I hope nothing like this is ever made again. Same goes for the  overrated film Austin Powers
B00000J631|5.0|This cd is so great! its such a wide view on different punk bands. Although some songs sucked majorly, more songs were just really really good. The only complaint i have is they didn't stick millencolin on it. But  hell you need to have this cd if you like punk.
0671045865|1.0|Every now and then, a Stephen book comes out that's totally unique to the King genre.  This book seems to be one of those.  I wonder if Stephen King's wife writes some of the books which are then published under his  name.  Who would ever know.  The book will sell millions of copies just  because his name is on it!<br />I found this book to be one of the poorest  reads (listens actually because I listened to the book on audio cassette).  This book never really captures the essence of a 9 year old (going on ten  and big for her age).  No 9 year old would have the full robust vocabulary  that is described in this novel.  In my opinion (for whatever that's  worth), the 9 year old character in this book was not very believable at  all.<br />Lastly, Ann Heche should try listening to Frank Muller or Frances  Sternhagen reading a King book.  These two are fantastic readers that  really make the books exciting to listen to.  Ann wasn't too good at  changing/accentuating her voice for different characters.  And she didn't  seem completely prepared for upcoming story events.  She did sound like a  little girl though, so that was a plus!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I attended the Stellar, Garbage and Alanis Morissette concert in Auckland, New Zealand on Friday night, then went out and bought this album on Saturday. I had played Jagged Little Pill to death when it first came out,  but when SFIJ was released, it received very bad reviews and I decided not  to buy it...but hearing her live, and the unfamiliar songs, I decided I  needed a copy, and can't understand the bad reviews at all. Are You Still  Mad is currently my favourite track, but everything does sound pretty good  and I expect it to live in my CD player for quite some time. Have to say  though, it was kind of disappointing that in concert, she stripped You  Oughta Know right back and only starting unleashing it in the last chorus!  Ah well...
0786880708|1.0|This is not a self-help book, it is a rationalization for living a lazy, unconscious lifestyle. Jon Kabat raves about the power of &quot;being&quot; but never really explains what being is.  His only definition for being is  not doing. But to not do is simply an anti-concept devoid of meaning like  God (not man), heaven (not Earth), etc. If you come upon a problem, Mr.  Kabat-Zinn recommends you &quot;leave yourself&quot; and watch your  reactions, observe, and not really be there. In essense, you should hide  away from your problems and pretend they do not exist! Note that Jon  consistently defaces the word &quot;thinking&quot; to the point where one  of his rationalizations is &quot;just think of this (this being any thought  process that would disagree with his philosophy) as 'thinking'.&quot; It  should be recognized that I cannot think of &quot;thinking&quot;  negatively, without thinking in the first place!  In fact, the only way one  can meditate to the highest degree, leaving themself, feeling nothing,  doing nothing, thinking nothing, is through death.
6305229449|5.0|My daughters (3 and 5) have just seen this movie, and they can't get enough of it.  Mulan is a great heroine - strong and SMART.  This is such a welcome relief from many of the typical Disney princesses.  The sound track  is only OK vs. other Disney films (Beauty and the Beast, Lion King and  Pocahantas all offering better scores), with really only one moving song  (&quot;when will my reflection show, the me I see inside&quot;). I was  worried the movie would be too dark for them, but they were OK with the  scary parts.  It has also led to interesting discussions re history of  China (the Great Wall, emperors, etc.), and &quot;honor&quot;.  My older  daughter for the first time wants to be something other than a princess for  Halloween - luckily we have a kimono from China for her to be Mulan - she  can't wait!  I am sure my young son will someday enjoy this movie as well  for the action, etc.  This is a movie I don't mind them watching over and  over again - critics may call it too PC, but I think it is a great action  story demonstrating both strong morals and how to rely on your yourself in  difficult situations.  Mulan isn't sitting at home waiting for someone to  kiss her and make her dreams come true!
B00000K19E|4.0|This is as dark as you can get it folks. The whole contruction of the film oozes class. I'll be the first person to admit that there were some holes in the plot, but for sheer entertainment you can't fault it.
6304117272|5.0|I have watched this spectacular underwater film so many times, I can't begin to count.  I've never seen it in widescreen and am tempted to purchase the VHS; but, I'm hooked on DVD and can't wait until it's made  available on DVD Widescreen.  Please, please make it available on DVD ASAP.
630307362X|4.0|The first time I saw this movie, I could not understand what the fuss was about. Then I had occasion to see it again. Suddenly I saw much more deeply into an intricate, non-linear plot, perfectly acted by a gifted cast,  particularly Paquin. The music was also glorious, get the CD if you can.  The insight displayed all around is tremendous.
0780627024|4.0|Morals morals blah blah blah...your missing the point this movie is trying to make.  This isn't an attack on christians, as the right-wingers would have us belive, after all they're so oppressed.  Instead it has to do with  the ability for us to take control of ourselves and discover ourselves.   Sure, the way the movie chose to do it may have been a bit crude, but for  CHRISTS SAKE...get over it!!  This isn't meant to drive people down a  morally-corrupt path!  Its a fun movie with good intentions.  Get off your  soapbox.
1558903259|5.0|Well-conceived, well-animated, carried out as perfectly as any movie whether animated or not. The music is undeniably brilliant, not to mention catchy as hell, while the lyrics are full of quirky and edgy yet accessible  images. There is simply something for everyone. Parents will look forward  to watching more than their kids. Anyone objectively evaluating this movie  who gives it a thumbs down is an IDIOT.
068484267X|5.0|I absolutely love this book. It picks you up and sets you back down in a whole different place and time. It makes you grateful that you are lucky enough to be in the US in the '90's.
014028009X|5.0|I laughed all the way through this book!   It is so funny, all women MUST read this book!!! You will relate!!
6305558167|5.0|The transfer to DVD is near perfect. The sound is great. It is wonderful to own this piece of film in the super sharp, super clean DVD format, but the real reason to buy this DVD is to listen to John Boorman talking us  through the film upto and including the closing credits.<br />Boorman looks  back 20 years on a project that in itself waited some 20 years before Orion  came up with the backing. In the process it saw Gabriel Byrne, Patrick  Stewart, Liam Neeson and others debuting to go on to better things. Not so  with Nigel Terry, whose performance was greatly under-rated.<br />Boorman is  modest, pragmatic and realistic. If the water was too cold for the actors,  he would use his daughter or son. Production waited for live fish to be put  into a submerged ring of stones from which Merlin would pick up one by  hand, only for them to be tipped OUTSIDE the ring to swim away.  Effectively, filming was done in his back garden and that of a neighbour.  Local Irish stuntmen were used who would then continue fighting in the  battle scenes, after &quot;cut&quot; was called, to settle old scores.   Wilkinson Sword provided Excalibur. Green filtered lights rendered greener  the countryside already made green by the incessant rain requiring many  hours and days waiting for the right conditions.<br />As the young Arthur is  taken away from his mother he tugs her hair dramatically across the film  screen. Unscripted it came free. The bird pecking out the eye of a  strung-up knight took many day's filming.<br />Very tight scheduling, ensured  seasons exactly consonant with the three parts of the film - the Coming of  Arthur and Camelot, The Wasteland and the Passing of Arthur. To the extent  of using Oxford Films Natural History Unit to devise a small element of  flowers blossoming in the foreground to demonstrate the re-awakening of the  land with the renewed kingship of Arthur. Bluebell groves and the avenue of  apple trees were constantly inspected before filming began - inone case  this did not prevent some technician trampling down some  bluebells.<br />Inevitably, comparisons are made between this attention to  detail and getting it right on camera rather than the ever increasing  postproduction work using digital effects. The lament is fair and  reasonable because Boorman. although he would be too modest to claim such,  is the director as auteur. He does not look at his work after filming  ceases and, if he does, it is only to see the flaws. However he does look  at Excalibur because the story is so good and means so much. What he does  not say is that it is his presentation of Arthur through Mallory, von  Eschenbach and Wagner at Bayreuth that will make us look at it again and  again and again. Unlike VHS, the DVD will mean that each look wil be as  good as the first. Buy it and enjoy!
B00000JSJC|2.0|This was a huge let down as far as plots go.  The movie dragged on and on.  My friends and I almost fast forwarded to the last chapter to finally find out what happend in this painfully written sci-fi.  My advise would be to  rent it for the DVD aspects and keep the $ for a better title for the  collection.
6304119046|3.0|The only reason I wanted to see this film is because of the supposed William Randolph Hearst/Marion Davies connection to Charles Foster Kane and Susan Alexander. It was very interesting to me watching it from that point  of view.  I don't think its the greatest movie of all time, cinematography  or not. I agree with another reviewer on here who said it is over-rated.   Maybe it was revolutionary and mind-blowing in the 1940s, but, in my  opinion, time has passed and some much better movies have been made.
0790729628|5.0|Absolutely the finest piece of SF movie making ever. It's set design is hugely influential to other, sometimes inferior SF films. The unicorn dream sequence is a brilliant insertion, now raising questions about Deckard's  humanity (which was PKD's intent, in a way). And many people don't realize  that the theme draws much from Milton's &quot;Paradise Lost&quot; and  Shelly's &quot;Frankenstein&quot;. Wouldn't you like to ask God why He has  created you, given you but a short time to enjoy life, and then take it  away? This is why there is a massive cult following of the film. It's  viewers require a bit of smarts to fully grasp the film's philosophical  questions.
B000002N2P|5.0|All the albums are great, but this one is their best. It grabs you by the shirt and does'nt let go. The boys have never rocked harder and Billie Joe is even more sarcastic and pi**ed off than usual.
0671027344|5.0|I was a little wary of the book when I first began reading it..but I was hooked on it almost immediately.  I finished the book in one night and went on to read it two more times.  Never have I been so fascinated with a book.   Skeptics may be turned off by it's bluntness and simplicity, but I felt  that the simplicity of the book just added more depth.  I never thought a  simple story of a naive boy struggling through high school could touch me  so much..but it did.  I could keep going on and on forever, but I'll end by  saying I recommend this book to anyone who wants a thought-provoking read.
B000002OOY|5.0|Like I said this soundtrack is excellent, and probably his most original work yet.  It takes you back all the way to the age of the dinosaurs to give you a front row seat to all the awe and wonder of the marvelous  creatures.  Speaking of marvelous, this work contains enormous diversity.  It not only has the standard classical works that Williams is so well known  for, but also has some digital music that tantilizes as well as intrigues.   The theme pulls you in with the beauty of it, and the next thing you know,  you're shocked by the horrifying sounds of attacking dinosaurs, only to be  relaxed again by a flying helicopter.  Beauty, horror, relaxation,  up-tempo, slow, fast, it's all here.  Just about the best music I've  listened to.
B000002GJS|5.0|There was a time in my life when I thought Bryan Adams music was outdated. But, I've seen the light! &quot;Waking Up the Neighbours&quot; is definitely one of my favorite albums and I highly recommend it to anyone  who enjoys hard rock. Bryan really knows how to capture a feeling with  music. Take for example, &quot;Thought I'd died and gone to heaven&quot;,  or &quot;do I have to say the words?&quot; Anytime I'm not in a positive  state of mind, I just pop this album in and whammo! I feel excellent! If  you want to have this same experience, I suggest you get this album NOW!
0780626966|4.0|This is a great set, very well put together, just one warning, the FINAL NIGHTMARE disc appears to be edited, removing the final part when they actually kill Freddy using the shelters 'arsenal', maybe this was done in  favor of the 3-D feature, but still Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is  incomplete.
0375707972|5.0|Nice quick read.  The book leaves you with so many other questions.  It is such a different book from the norm, it had me so drawn.
B00001MXWX|4.0|INSURRECTION is like a very good episode of STAR TREK TNG. There are a few moments when I found myself wincing at the humour, but, they didn't taint my overall enjoyment of the film. There are so many delights contained  within it. First, the threat isn't to Earth. It's not a threat against  &quot;us&quot;. It's a threat against a &quot;them&quot; who are being  viewed as an &quot;it&quot; by those who would have the secret of their  longevity. The character development is nowhere near as ham-handed as in  the previous two TNG film outings. It's blessedly subtle. The special  effects are almost totally breathtaking, and, for my money, my favorite  aspect of INSURRECTION is the believability of The Enterprise as a ship and  not just a set. There are subtle tricks involved, esp. the use of  realistically over-lapping dialogue in the scenes on board the ship. This  tells an intelligent and not overly-preachy story while satisfying a Trek  fan's demands for Riker-rants, Data-silliness, Geordi's-humanity and  Picard, well, Picard being the type of character to make one consider  adopting a What-Would-Picard-Do? outlook on life. Expect a few groans and  suspensions of disbelief and you'll probably enjoy this more than you'd  expect...
0688158234|5.0|I don't quite know how to put my feelings for this book...this woman's journey into words.  I would just like to urge women (especially) to read this book.  Waris Dirie is a true inspiration and I truly admire her and  thank her for the honesty and reflections.
6302000823|5.0|Alfredo a projectionist at the movies right after WWII befriends Salvatore (small boy, nicknamed Toto) and teaches him everything there is to know about the cinema.  Alfredo is like a father to the boy and teaches him  about life and love.  The movie is beautiful and has a terrific ending,  which will be unexpected but very appropriate. Bring some tissues, you'll  be crying tears of joy.  A must see!
0345350499|5.0|The Mists was a truly influencial book in my life.  It introduced me to MZB and to a world which I felt very much a part of.  The Mists and the Firebrand are two of my most favorite books of all time.  And this review  is my tribute to an author whom I loved and will miss very much.
0316920045|1.0|I felt I had to warn people about this book. If you like Pynchon, fine, go ahead, you'll like this. If you are looking for anything &quot;traditional&quot; like storyline, character development, images or  descriptions that set the tap root a-tapping, forget it. A digression on a  digression, detail where it is not needed, false direction, piss take  academe... easy target after easy target. If you are the type that likes  mental games, read Calvino, Borges......
068816689X|5.0|I did not think I could read yet another WWII/Holocaust book and I was put off by the odious notion of a Jewish woman marrying a Nazi officer for cover. Forget all that. Let no one judge until he/she has read this book, a  simple tale of day-to-day survival. Beautifully written. A page turner.
B00000K19E|5.0|I found that the movie was very well made and it challenges many of our common beliefs. The only limitation that this movie has is our own imagination. The possibilities that are available, to each and every one  that watches it, are endless. Our minds are set free to explore the endless  expanse of our own thoughts. By watching this movie it becomes aparent that  reality can be different to each person as they choose to see it and the  mind is very powerful .
0553208845|5.0|I started to read this book for school, I ended up realizing I was reading it for my life.
6305169195|1.0|This is one of the worst movies ever to come out of hollywood.  Hype.  Nothing but hype.  The plot is cliche-ridden and completely predictable.  Like, &quot;Which wire do we cut to diffuse to the bomb?&quot;  How many  millions of times has that been used??? There a few rare scenes with the  minor characters that are kind of funny, but other than that this film has  nothing.  The stupid girl is the most annoying person I can imagine.  Her  ego was big enough to stop the stupid asteroid.  Why were the asteroid  landers equipped with chain guns?  Why were ROCKS exploding in HUGE  FIREBALLS over 400 miles out of the Earth's atmosphere?  The movie is  hindered by long pointless scenes, like the Mir space station.  The scene  on the asteroid could have cut by about half an hour.  This is so awful,  don't waste your time and money.  At least I didn't pay for it...
0783113943|5.0|I had seen a lot of good movies, but when I saw Gia, none of them could compare. Being a bisexual woman myself, it was very very touching. I never get tired of watching it. It's by far the best movie ever and Angelina is a  true beauty. It's like feeling her pain while watching the movie, a real  tear-jerker. I'm in love with her amazing performance.
B000002H97|4.0|This CD is awsome! I love most of the songs and it's awsome to ride around in the car with it blasting! You better get this one! <br />                 ~The Music Man~
B000002TYX|3.0|I was so excited to go to the nearest Wal-Mart and find this album in release with recordings that were only available on expensive bootlegs...maybe, alot of hardcore fans had heard this stuff before, but I  had no clue about the realm of unreleased recordings...thus many of the  tracks just blew me away....first of all, &quot;Free As A Bird&quot; was my  own Beatles dream come true...I have yet to tire of listening to it...but I  know it won't suit everyone...the early live performances are interesting  but not enjoyable in the sense of playing it over and over....I think they  should have inluded the whole Decca sessions tape along with Cry for a  shadow and Ain't She Sweet....that would have made disc one more appealing  by far.....Leave My Kitten Alone belonged as a bonus track for Beatles for  Sale....their live version of &quot;Shout&quot; is great too!  the rest  will be run throughs of familiar songs....I could have done without  Moonlight Bay which works better on video than it does on disc..through the  Anthology series, I became curious about other Beatle recordings that are  not released such as John's demo &quot;bad To Me&quot; which should have  been on here.....oh wel, I give it 3 stars, beause it should have had the  full Decca session and Bad To Me......but the new re-union single more than  makes up for it!!!
B000002JOH|1.0|Anyone can sing better than that Phil Anselmo guy. It shows how much great metal has degraded. If I could give them zero stars,I would! If you can get past unoriginalities, screamings, cursings, grunts, bad guitars, gorilla  drummings, and no bass*, than Pantera is for you! It is one Vulgar Display  of Power(and music)!<br />*Or at least a bass you can't hear or feel.
B0000028M7|5.0|I couldn't help but noice that a review on here says that AIC's ripped off Godsmack...  uuhhhh what the hell?  Someone's got it backwards.  This is, always will be the greatest band ever.  Paving the way for lackeys like  Godsmack, Staind, Second Coming, Days of the New, and Drain STH.
B00000I8UE|4.0|Cassandra has completed many projects, but Traveling Miles takes us back to the days when we were facing storms and won the battle. She metamorphically combines Miles with her poetic genre that makes this  release so astounding.  She has grown in this piece and you can feel this  when you listen to her soulful voice.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best thing yet to hit DVD, the moment the disc spins you know that this is something  very special.<br />The film itself is probably the best film of the year, the plot, the action and the soundtrack will push  your machines to the limit.<br />I highly recommend you buy this disc.
0425107469|5.0|I think this is one of Dean Koontz best and one of my all time favorite books.  It is a gripping tale of horror, love, and wonder.  It is probably one of the reasons I am now owned by a Golden Retriever! This isn't the  first time I have read this book--or reread it for that matter-- but I had  to read it again after seeing that Koontz revisits this theme in his(soon  to be a trilogy) SEIZE THE NIGHT series.   This book definitely stood the  test of time and I found I enjoyed it more than the SEIZE THE NIGHT series  (although I enjoyed those enough that I'll buy the third book in hard  cover).
6304056958|5.0|The two Joans, Rosalind, Norma and, dare we say it, 'a bevy of beautiful babes.'  What can one say about this film that has not already been commented on below - listen to it for its biting dialogue and  between-the-liners, watch it for its catfights and backstabbing (and any  other cliche to describe underhandedness) The Women deliver upon each other  in their quest for the big prize.  The only thing missing was the presence  of Bette Davis who, in all likelihood, would have relished such a role.
B000002L99|5.0|This album had the Van Halen Bros. and Michael Anthony screaming out of the Las Vegas showroom shadow that was David Lee Roth....and not a moment too late! One often wonders what would this album have sounded like with  Diamond Dave....a joke! Sammy Haggar has the voice that just fits so well  into the VH sound and this album took the band in a bold new direction.  Definatly a best!
B00000K2SC|4.0|I watched this film twice and loved it! It was thought-provoking, tantalizing, invigorating and exciting. The Matrix requires the viewer to actually THINK and its story is deliciously deep and twisting, its concept  both frightening and infuriating.<br />I don't like films that depend on  special effects. I also don't like films that advertise them and execute  them poorly. The Matrix used special effects about as well as I have ever  seen in any film. Not overdone, and when used, executed to absolute  perfection. The use of slow-motion combined with comic-book style action  was the beyond anything I have ever seen--simply mind-blowing! <br />As for  nuts and bolts, this film used clever angles and interesting perspectives,  focusing in on otherwise mundane situations (falling bullets for instance)  to suddenly make them thrilling. The sound effects and music were perfect,  not blowing out your eardrums, enhancing--not taking away from--the pace of  the story, and adding to the overall enjoyment of the film. <br />The cast was  excellent. Nobody was overblown, nobody &quot;stole&quot; the show to take  attention away from the others; the film took time to let us get to know  the characters, both the good and bad.<br />As you can see, I loved this film.  I would not give it a four star rating because it did have some flaws that  I felt hurt the story, although I happily forgave the few problems that I  immediately noticed. However, I cannot be overly critical of a film that  did such an otherwise astounding job from start to finish--but naturally, I  wish it had been perfect!
0441003257|3.0|Fun, easy, and mostly forgettable.  Gaiman and Pratchett don't fall into the trap, like most writers in this genre, of relying on [too many] bad jokes and puns to hold up their story.  The characters are enjoyable,  though some of end up being a little underdeveloped.  The story kind of  flops about a bit at the end; what it needed, i think, is just a bit more  time and care.  <br />All in all, though, rather enjoyable fluff.
B00000K19E|5.0|Probably the best movie ever.  totally blew my mind.  there was some extreme mind blowation in progress during the course of the movie ad for some time afterwards.
B00000IPAX|1.0|this is just pathetic... who buy's this stuff really
038542471X|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read! It's so suspensful you can't put it down. A great mystery/action/realistic fic book. It was a million times better than the movie!
0375707972|4.0|I read this book on holiday in Germany, and was lucky enough to read it in its original language. I thought it conveyed the idyll of a (slightly taboo) love affair with the reality of truth and self-deception very well  indeed. I finished it in 2 nights...
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is awesome.  Finally, a cyberpunk movie that isn't just plain bad.  I would like to know what William Gibson thinks of it?   Can we say &quot;Nueromancer&quot; meets &quot;Snow Crash?&quot; And can someone  please stop saying there are plot holes and actually bother pointing them  out?
B00000K19E|4.0|This would have been a pleasure to watch except for video/audio going out of sync on most action scenes. I have a Pioneer DVL700 which plays my other 200+ DVD's without trouble. Understand the problem also occurs with  Toshiba, RCA, and other players - Sony plays it OK.
B00000J7J4|5.0|...and he's got quite a few
B00000F5KH|5.0|Is more reason to see this movie. I use this criteria - if the Oscars reject a movie on the awards podium, or an actor (especially non-American) chances are the movie is a good bet for the serious movie watcher. So let's  not get hung up why it did not win the Oscar - we have seen Cate Planchett,  Judy Dench, Kristin Scott Thomas, Brenda Blethyn all passed over in recent  years. You must remember for a non-American (especially in a non-English  movie) to get a Oscar nomination is an achievement in itself. Frankly  speaking, I was quite taken aback by the boldness of Fernanda Montenegro's  nomination! However, the fact that she did not win surprised me not.<br />If  you have to use an (award) criteria to select movies, choose the Golden  Globe awards as a more accurate pointer. The latter is yet to be held  hostage by special interest groups and big cash ad blitzes by Hollywood  movie studios. <br />Instead enjoy the movie for the fine performances,  sweeping sceneries, and a dialogue that is sparse and confrontational but  so tender and caring at the same time. Maybe a bit of a melodramatic  finale, but overall a sublime movie.<br />I know we want to see work like this  to be veted and recognised on the world stage. But the Oscars can hardly be  crowned as the Holy Grail for recognition of achievement. Media may want us  to believe that - but come on! Most of us know better.
068484267X|5.0|This book was a wonderfully written memoir.  I truly enjoyed reading about Frank's life.  I could NOT put the book down because I wanted to know what would happen.
6305268843|5.0|For those of us living in the last days of the sex-obsessed 20th century, it's rather easy to forget that sexual passion and its attendant problems did not spring into being with the advent of the Melrose Place era, but  have, in fact, been a part of the human drama since the beginning.  Once in  a very great while comes a film that reminds us of this, and Firelight is  just such a movie.  Sophie Marceau's face is extraordinary--as still and  luminous as a pool of clear water, but with a great deal going on behind  her eyes.  She is the best thing to come out of France since Perrier.  If  there's anyone out there who doesn't believe that a story in which all the  clothes are kept on can't be sexy, I challenge them to watch this movie and  be proven wrong.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie happens to be one of my favorites. The DVD makes it an excellent addition to the home theatre, or even the PC community with its special features. Definitely worth the money. Note: This DVD has minor  problems on certain players. There are a few sections that myteriously play  themselves twice over. Overall, it's not a problem. The repeating scenes  are good ones, after all.
6304316267|5.0|This is a goofball comedy with a top of his popularity Burt Reynolds, a young Farrah, and two pickled Rat-Packers.  Brilliant!  This movie wasn't made for Cannes...  Cans of beer, maybe.  An all-timer when it comes to FUN  movies.  I still want a black Countach with gold campy's and a front wing!
B000002UZ1|5.0|Beatles snobs tend to be dismissive of the Blue Album and its counterpart, the Red Album - but just look at the first six songs on this disc. FIVE of them are all-time classics in 20th century  popular music. And the rest is  pretty strong too - with a slight preponderance of Magical Mystery Tour  tracks, unfortunately, but also with great singles like &quot;Hey  Jude&quot;, &quot;Revolution&quot; and &quot;Lady Madonna&quot;. Great  value for money for anyone who doesn't intend to collect the individual  albums.
B000003TAW|5.0|This album is awesome! I could listen to this all day. The best songs are Buddy Holly, The world has turned and left me here, and In the garage. Weezer isn't very famous, but they definantly should be!
6300182193|4.0|I was so excited to see AMAZON had this inventory. I thought I was the only one impressed with this version of DRACULA.  I will treasure this one and watch often. THE END IS REALLY GREAT!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|I have to take exception with some of the reviews written aboyt this DVD. The transfer from film was excellent,(NO Grain that I can see and the sound quality was excellent). The special effects are truly OUTSTANDING!!! There  is a scene where a bullet comes straight at the camera that makes me jump  everytime. I consider this DVD a MUST BUY! The only thing I can fault the  DVD for is where they put the layer change,(right in the middle of a word).  True you only miss the 'n' in the word 'in' but it could have been done 5  seconds either way and avoided this. If you are looking for a GREAT movie  this is it.
B000000WZ4|5.0|Simply a wonderfully arranged and executed work of art. After a three year wait--and unsure of a return--the growth of these guys shows.
630027120X|5.0|The music is rapturous; the story-line is inspiring
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is an amazing piece of work! No other musical medium has presented the world to us in such metaphoric fashion, that it not only shows the full scheme, but it slaps us in the face, tears the ground from under us, and  gives an empathetic shoulder to boot! This is not only one magical journey,  but it is a monument and a text book to the world as we live it today. OK  Computer is one for the history books!!
0380778556|5.0|I read Rebecca by Daphne DuMaurier when I was 15 years old and I have never forgotten the story.  The movie was good - but the book is always better.  Because of this book I read lots of this author, but never felt  she wrote anything as good as Rebecca.
B000002MG1|5.0|What an amazing surprise from a group that was on the fine line of cashing in on their &quot;performer of the year&quot; title. A remarkable journey through our own trials of life, and the mortality that we all face. REM  does this with a gental ease that is both empathetic and comforting.eg:  Nightswimming, Sweetness Follows  To laughing at ourselves with The  Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight.
B00000JWV4|4.0|It's difficult to find a film that the whole family can enjoy that's not immature, trite, or completely contrived.  Luckily, this sports fantasy is one of a few that doesn't disappoint, and any movie with Burt Lancaster and  James Earl Jones is, for me, a real treat.  \\"Field of Dreams\\" is a  warm-hearted story that doesn't go overboard (at least too often) with the  syrup, and I found it highly entertaining from start to finish.<br />I do  agree (somewhat) with the Sept 16th review (Roesalkas3) that a more  realistic treatment of Joe Jackson was portrayed in \\"Eight Men Out\\",  however, these are two entirely different films--one a fantasy that is  centered on family, love, and trust...the other a drama of the 1919 Chicago  Whitesox (blacksox) scandal.<br />\\"Field of Dreams\\" has so much to like and  very little to criticize.  It's a film treated with tenderness and humor,  and works on all cylinders.  Between 1 and 10, this fine film gets a solid  8.  People who love this motion picture should also see \\"Searching for  Bobby Fischer\\", one of the best (if not THE best) films of its kind.
0380796090|5.0|A sassy, funny, ironic yet sweet look at the aftermath of a break-up.  The bare bones of the plot are anything but unusual:  husband has affair, leaves wife for other woman, wife learns to cope -- but the main  character's voice is so entertaining as she riffs on everything from  motherhood to oral sex to depression that you are utterly entertained.
0060920084|5.0|I loved this book. Bryson captures my many memories of family vacations stuffed in the back seat of a station wagon with my sister and brother with frugal but loving parents in the front seat. Hours spent on long highways  driving through small towns before interstates were built are accurately  captured with brutal reality and sarcastic humor and wit by Bryson.  WARNING: If you don't have the ability to laugh at yourself you will not  like this book. Bryson pokes fun at everybody, including you, whoever you  are. But Bryson also pokes fun at himself. If you ever spent interminable  hours staring out a car window on a cross country drive and you have a good  sense of humor, then this book is for you.
B0000024V2|5.0|I'm Sorry but i belive that SECOND WINTER was released on 1969 and not in 1970. if i am wrong please excuse me...
B000006OBQ|5.0|It doesn't get any better than this. Frank Sinatra, the best pop singer that ever lived, backed up by the slickest,swingingest band ever,the Count Basie Band. Frank is in his domain here, a smoky Las Vegas Hotel/Casino in  the mid 60s. I had the LP when I was a kid, but this remastered version  with the addition of &quot;Luck be a Lady&quot; is simply fabulous. An  essential recording for all Sinatraphiles,and for that matter,all Count  Basiephiles too!!
B00000JZC4|5.0|With such songs that struck me like skinny and miss blue, I think that this is the best band out there today.  This is total poetry here and it can all be summed up in every song.  The first time I heard welcome to the  fold I was completely shocked.  This band has some obvious talent.. They  should play here at my school so everyone else up here in the hills can  understand what i'm speaking of.
0131103709|5.0|I had been coding in Pascal before, but I felt like I only started to understand what programming is all about when I studied this book. If you agree that simplicity is senior to complexity and that aesthetics and  software engineering are related then you will love it! I wish I knew a  similar book for object oriented programming.
0784011176|5.0|Let's just say that when he cuts off her finger, the combination of the cinematography, the score, and the overall visual and emotional effect, is just the most beautiful, haunting, and mesmerizing scene I have ever seen  (as is the rest of the film).
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies and Keanu reeves was better in this than in other movies. The SFX is ground breaking and excellent.
B0000029DD|5.0|A must have recording.  Powerful, emotional stuff that just has to be heard to be believed.
B00001QGPS|5.0|this album has got to be one of the best collaborations of any two artists i have heard in years.  track 16 (fire ina hole) is great, and as redman says, &quot;when me 'n meth swarm/you need a net to cover you&quot;.   couldn't have summed it up any better.  i loved all the funk sounds,  especially on tracks 18 (big dogs) and 6 (cereal killer).  all tracks  definitely made me shake my booty.  the appearance by ghostface on track 12  (run 4 cover) made my day.  this is a must-own.
6303201954|4.0|After reading the great novel by William Shatner, 'The Return', i was compelled to re-watch this movie again.  In Shatner's novel, we learn that the planet of living machines that Voyager 6 discovered was actually the  BORG HOMEWORLD!  That single revelation alone make this good movie into an  awesome movie.  Spock had mind melded with V'ger, and in turn that saved  him from being assimilated a century later by the Borg.  I recommend to  everyone that is a Borg fan to read 'The Return' and then watch STTMP.   Severe coolness.
0425107469|4.0|This was a heart-warming novel with all the compassion and lovability of &quot;Lassie&quot; except with more suspense and aaction to make it an even better tale.   Definatley read this book if you like animals and action!!   Only flaw was, the same flaw as many Dean Koontz novels, too much detail  and rambing on and on and on.  Still, read it!!
0441172717|5.0|Well,what can i say that hasn't been said already this is as i said is one incredible spiritual adveture for the your mind,one big spiritualistic trip on a foreign desert world. truly a classic masterpiece.
0679777547|4.0|I may have an advantage, here, since I saw The Ninth Gate in Paris last month, but I think it was pretty clear throughout the book: Irene is the Devil. Fallen angel who fought with God? Pretty good clue right there.  There were plenty of other indications that she wasn't just some bimbo who  was dropped in to be the love and sex interest. But Roman Polanski may have  realized people would have the same problem with the movie, so he pretty  much hits you over the head with her true identity. He also totally drops  the Club Dumas angle -- there is nothing about it -- and adapts the  surviving characters to the Ninth Door story. Probably a good move; for me,  it works in the book, and it's fascinating history, but it would take too  much talking to explain it in a movie. This is very clever book that works  on different levels -- as a mystery of course, but also about literature  and, obviously, about good and evil. (BTW: I totally apologize if I sounded  condescending about Irene. I have certainly missed the point before in  books. I didn't realize until reading this book that the devil is in The  Brothers Karamazov; it's been 15 years since I read that, but I sure don't  remember it.)
B0000024SI|2.0|The &quot;poet laureate&quot; of rock 'n roll. Pity he was so successful and revered. He set the precedent that doomed rock 'n roll to always being a semantic eunuch. Bob Dylan and the Beatles: overrated technicians,  forever evading meaning, and never embracing it. &quot;Savage, meaningless  sarcasm&quot;, as I read in Spy Magazine once. I guess if he had spoken his  mind more directly, that would have hurt sales too much, right Bob?  &quot;Gotta be good looking, 'cause you're so hard to see&quot;.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Carlos Santana has done a &quot;kick-butt&quot; job of doing &quot;his thing&quot; while incorporating new and old headliners.  The rhythms of practically all the cuts make you want to move to the beat.  I did not  enjoy at all the one rap song with Lauryn Hill.  He really didn't need to  do that one, it is so unlike Santana! Whether you are a fan of Santana or  not, you will enjoy this CD!
B00000DQT7|3.0|Some of the music and sentiments are a little too corny and pat, but overall this is an amazing effort. There's really nothing else like this from that era, with the possible exception of \\"Will The Cirlce Be Unbroken\\" by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, and that was a collection of covers, whereas this album is all originals.<br />In the past few years I've tried to distance myself from this record, to downplay its importance in my life, but have been unsuccessful. This album tried to give a greater meaning to every day people's lives and history in America, and to an amazing degree it succeeded.<br />I played this album a lot when I was younger, and as I said above, there are some cheap, show biz qualities to this that make it less durable than it might have been. But I am definitely forever in dept to the people that made this album for having graced my life. Another musician that covers the same territory as the Band is Michael Hurley. His early albums, from \\"Armchair Boogie\\" through to \\"Snockgrass\\" are gems of intelligent American folk msuic.
6305013578|2.0|The music is terrible, and the quality is horrendous! The music just didnt fit the scenes at all. I sure hope Criterion picks this title up and restores it with the &quot;original soundtrack&quot;.
B000002AP1|5.0|Poor ole Iggy, so full of guts and brains, and got so little recognition. How can we ever make it up to you?
0684833395|5.0|First, I am definitely not a pacifist.  WWII had to be fought and won by our country.  Thus, I did not like this book because of any leftist political leanings on my part.<br />However, I loved this book.  Why?  Because  it is the funniest thing I've ever read.  If you don't think so, then you  simply aren't very bright.
B000001FAO|1.0|Yet another classic that only became popular because their audience was stoned. Blaring, muddy, unmusical crud.
0061002747|5.0|I have read over half of Agatha Christie's books and this is by far one of the best with a COMPLETELY unexpected ending.
B000002OX7|1.0|How did these idiots keep going for as long as they did? Their songwriting and arrangements were uninspired. And Daltry had all the vocal expressiveness of an unmusical aarvark. If they were still playing today,  they'd belong in Vegas along with Rod Stewart, Tom Jones, and all the other  macho hacks.
B000007T2Z|5.0|Godspeed you black emperor! is probably one of the best bands I've ever heard. f#a#oo is just a masterpiece. Filled with spooky sounds from various instruments, it takes you to a journey, from your deepest, darkest fears to  hell and heaven and back. You will not feel the same. You will look at  yourself diffirently. This will frighten the livin' sh** out of you.
B000002UYZ|1.0|Music that's as heartfelt and resonant as a chewing gum commercial jingle
B00000DLUV|5.0|I am highly recommending this CD: great songs, very impressive vocals and great live recording.
B000003BES|5.0|Very heartfelt and stirring stuff. To think what rock 'n roll could have become, if the boring Beatles and psychedelic drugs hadn't ruined everything. Oh well.
B000008H1Y|4.0|i don't know (yet) how the cd sounds, but back in  the dark ages i had this album on vinal (ok that's misspelled-it's been like twenty years, ok?) anyway, i was recently reminded of this recording when the afore mentioned  crazy dave started singing it at work.  i loved it back then, and i  hope  i'll love it again (if i'm not haunted by visions of dave)
B00000FCBC|5.0|&quot;Garage, Inc.&quot; is superb.  I am embarassed to admit this, but I never even had disc 2 out of the case.  I love &quot;Turn the Page&quot; so MUCH more than Seger's version!!!  And even though I have never heard Thin  Lizzy sing &quot;Whiskey,&quot; the song makes me get up and dance every  time I hear it!!!   &quot;Tuesday's Gone&quot; and &quot;Die Die, My  Darling&quot; are also good.  I guess now I'll drag out the second disc and  rock to that!!!!! Good album, boys!!!!!
0440219078|5.0|although simply written, the giver has the makings  of a classic.  jonas's world is eerily believable and forces the reader to reflect on his/her present life. lowry has noted all the things we sometimes take for  granted--the ability to see colour or feel love,for instance--and has  created a land that seems a utopia at first, but is ultimately something  frightening.  the giver is  truly thought-provoking, and its lessons will  remain with you.
6305064490|5.0|This movie has to be one of the best ones ever made
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have not heard an album this good all year, it never gets old and is solid from front to back. If you only buy one album all year buy this.
0790742381|4.0|I expected this to be the usual action/sci-fi extravaganza and in that I was correct. I love these big blockbuster sci-fi movies, like Aliens, Jurassic Park, Lost In Space. This movie had a deeply emotional subtext  which would be hard for some people to grasp or understand, but I was  strangely moved by Kurt Russells character of Todd and his inability to  grasp the simple human interaction of the crashed colonists on the dump  planet. Even though his character only has a few words of dialogue  throughout the whole movie, his difficulties in being cast aside for the  newer model of soldiers, and trying to live with normal people made the  whole story riveting for me. The rest of the cast were also excellent,  especially the little boy who befriends Todd. The hopeful ending makes all  of the preceeding anguish worthwhile.
B000002UAX|4.0|The general public does not have a sophisticated appreciation for the finer art of music; hence the popularity of the Bee Gees. After all,Opera and Classical music with all its refinement and history is only enjoyed by  an enlightened few. I put the White Album in this catagory.<br />Although some  what dated by todays standards, the White Album will always be remembered  as the conceptual album of the late 60's. From it's pervocative and  sometimes ominious lyrics, it  defied all standards by which we viewed  music...and the world. From &quot;Reveloution&quot; for the wars in Vietnam  and Biafria to the &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; of a madman,this album will  have an everlasting impact long after the pop songs have died from the  radio.<br />In summation, this is not an Album for White Snake fans but for  those who immerse themselves into the music and hear much more than is on  the surface.
B0000000LI|5.0|If someone gives this CD 1 star there is something wrong with them.  I can conceive not liking this CD, but not hating it.  The purpose of this review is to help increase the average rating from 4.5 to 5 stars. It is half a  star less because of the mental degenerates who unduefully attack this  music using their gooey masses they dare call brains.
630170648X|5.0|Jack Benny is almost a forgotten comedian among younger people today.  This movie is probably one of the best comic films ever.  No matter if you have seen it or if you have not seen it, this film is worth watching again  and again.
6301902645|4.0|&quot; ... racing is life, the rest is just waiting.&quot;
6301885732|5.0|I remember when this movie was in the theater...  I was nine, and my brother and I were presented with this choice of this movie or &quot;Milo and Otis&quot;.  Well, my brother chose M&amp;O (which isn't too bad for a  kids movie- lots of cute animals) but luckily we came back later in the day  to see Dick Tracy. Before the movie, I had read maybe one Dick Tracy comic  (you have to admit, they are starting to look a little dated) but that  didn't hurt my enjoyment of the movie one iota.  I vividly remember all the  characters (Flat Top and No_Face were my favorites) and I still know most  of the words to the Madonna songs.  I remember they had this game at  McDonalds where you had to collect the mugshots of all the gangsters to  win...  Ah, memories.  Anyway, a fun movie, not too intense (I'd say good  for 10 and up) with cartoonish violence.  And as for the review below- can  you say &quot;missed the point?&quot;  This movie is based on a comic strip  written in the 1940's- when sexism was everywhere.  And Tess, I'd say, is  pretty empowered and spunky.  But I'd take Breathless anyday.
0784011796|1.0|What a waste of videotape. This movie has no clue about the stock market, about mathematics or about religion - the 3 subjects it is trying to integrate.  It's just a mess.
B000001DTM|5.0|Every song on this album is good. I am a big U2 fan and this is my favorite album.
089845865X|5.0|I have always loved this book.  My parents used to read it to me, and as soon as I could, I read it to myself over and over.  I'm a 19 year old college student now, and I still pick it up!  One of the beauties of this  book is how it applies to all ages.  Children giggle as they understand the  jokes withing the fantasy and the morals of the story.  Adults laugh at the  social commentary and the jokes that kids may not yet understand.  Even  after reading this book for so long, I can still read it and notice things  I never picked up on before.  (It took many years of reading before I  picked up on the &quot;Has Beens&quot; comment.) :-)  Kids, contrary to  what adults may think, can understand many, if not most, of the lessons  presented.  In a fantasy setting, they see what can &quot;happen&quot; if  one over-eats, is spoiled, chews too much gum, or watches too much  T.V.--basically, if one is too indulgent.  And they see that wealth does  not necessarily buy happiness.  Obviously, these characters will not be  seen everyday in &quot;real life,&quot; but that's not the point.  They  represent different aspects of our society, and in no way does it suggest  that all children are like this.  It just gives humorous examples of what  over-indulgence can do to a person.  And if anyone is like me, they get a  certain gratification in knowing that the rotten children in this book got  what they deserved.  ;-)
B0000009RX|5.0|Thirty years ago, my older brother first turned me on to Zappa via this album.  It &quot;warped my fragile little mind&quot; - for the better. <br />Thirty years later, I casually loaned a CD of WOIIFTM to my teenage  stepson to listen to.  Within weeks, I got a call from his school principal  inquiring about the source of &quot;this insidious garbage&quot; that  nearly all the kids in the school were running around listening to on their  Walkmans.  <br />Makes me feel good to know that Zappa can still reach out and  affect our youth.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I've been a Peppers fan for the past eleven years and this is a strong album. Not their best, but very good. It represents the music of a much more mature band. If you were expecting another &quot;uplift&quot; you may  have been dissapointed but realistically, that album came from a different  time and a situation(read drug addictions)that could not endure. Hillel is  evidence of that.  This album is honest and emotional and an important  Peppers milestone.
0780622553|5.0|&quot;Dark City&quot; by Alex Proyas (The Crow) is a strange, wierd masterpiece that serves as one of the most daring and original movies ever made! Here we see great use of imagination as well as screenwriting and  plotting. The story is fantastic! It's like a murder-mystery wrapped inside  dark science fiction. Few films look so good! The cinematography is  incredibly well done. I especially loved Proyas's camera angles. We are  taken into a lush yet gothic city. We see strange and frightening  characters like the beings dressed in black. This is an astonishing triumph  in visual and dramatic qualities.
6304178352|5.0|I t was the best of her movie there was only one down side that was that she was not alound to sing.
0060976624|4.0|This was a good page-turner.  The dialog can be a little weak, but the story-line was different.  It's nice to have a suspense novel whose plot isn't based on a drug smuggler, a law firm, a serial killer, etc.
B00000IQV6|4.0|It is a fun movie. It has a good premose and a nice idea
6303148352|2.0|This could have been a much better movie but the story is a relatively short one and there is little need for character development, so the film's makers stretched out the run-time with filler. There are some scenes that  would have been thrilling at 30 seconds, but literally put me to sleep as  they drag on for 5 - 10 minutes. The story is interesting enough and the  sights and sounds are breath-taking; it could have been a GREAT movie.  <br />The film also suffers from what I call &quot;the boy who cried  wolf&quot; syndrome but might be more understood as &quot;adrenaline  overload.&quot; When tension scenes drag on and on with one catastrophy  leading directly to the next to the next without pause, the body literally  runs out of adrenaline and the viewer is left in a dull apathetic state, if  not totally asleep. That sort of pacing and editing fails in the &quot;tree  drop&quot; scene and the &quot;kitchen&quot; scene and elsewhere in the  movie. It is almost as bad as the pacing and editing that ruined the 2nd  Indiana Jones movie, &quot;Temple of Doom.&quot; This type of editing  coupled with too loud and to &quot;hype-y&quot; of a sound track can grind  an interesting movie into the mud. You know how special moments can be  created by use of music and sound effects? But when that is the WHOLE BASIS  of the moment and/or it drags on and on, the viewer becomes aware of the  thinness of the content and the sound and music become just so much noise.  The viewer starts to percieve the sound track as a cheap trick, trying to  convince the viewer that he or she is excited. <br />The technical parts of  this film are great and the story is actually very interesting. If the film  were edited to be about 1/2 to 2/3 as long, I think it could rate 4 or 5  stars.
B00001SIES|5.0|I grew up listening to Queen and Yes and later grew into listening to Jeff Buckley and Radiohead.  This CD has bits and pieces of all of these bands with perhaps a little of Dark Side of the Moon era Pink Floyd thrown in.  Look out Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock, because your 15 minutes of fame are  nearly up. Welcome back bands with musical and song-writing ability. I've  seen the future of rock and it's called Muse.
6305609691|5.0|I like this movie for several reasons. Starting with pure aesthetics, the cinematography and sound are both absolutely stunning. The combination is brilliant. The audio and visual segues are daring genius. The editing is  taut and masterfully timed. The juxtapositions are shattering. Taking this  movie completely out of any intellectual or literary context, it is simply  a lush, indulgent, visceral tour-de-force. The opening sequence is worth  the price of the movie all by itself.<br />Then there are the literary,  intellectual, and philosophical aspects. I have spent decades pondering  this movie. Five stars is not enough.
0780626966|5.0|First I am really amazed by the quality of remastered digital picture and sound.  My voodoo3 3000 video card and sound blaster live card make things even better.  I even don't want to watch these DVDs  all in one night not  knowing what to to do next several days!!!
B000009ED0|2.0|I have to say that I am very dissappointed.  Kid Rock simply does not have his own style.  Most every good music artist out there has his/her own style.  Kid Rock simply takes other people's style and blends them all  together to create what he calls &quot;his own&quot;.  The rock/rap combo  from the Beastie Boys is a little old.  Now with him adding his simple  twist to their music, it's absolutely terrible.
6305627401|5.0|It's a brilliant musical, classically structured so the songs actually advance the plot.  The story is over the top but the plotting is tight, the satire is razor sharp, and the characters get a little more room to live  than they do on the small screen.  If you're easily offended by crude  language then this movie is not for you.  If you like to laugh until you  hurt, this is your film.
B0000027RL|5.0|Pearl Jam's explosion onto the scene in the early 90's got it start with a great album.  &quot;Ten&quot; just has it all; edge, melody, explosiveness, anger, rhythm, etc.  Gossard and McCready supply some of the best guitar  playing that this decade has ever seen.  Add the emotional and forceful  voice of an always energetic Eddie Vedder, and you have probably one of the  best mixes of vocals and music that alternative has put forward recently.   If you're a fan of the group, then Ten is the essential album that has to  be heard, in order for the group's tremendous promise to be witnessed.
068815333X|5.0|My favorite Lehane book yet.  He keeps getting better and better.  Read this book in a day, hard to do with two little rugrats running around!  I highly recommend this series.  If you can, start in the beginning with the  first book. Dennis Lehane is the best!!  John Sandford look out!
B000002B30|3.0|For the most important songwriter to emerge since the days of Bob Dylan and Van Morrison, one would think a 70 minute &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; would be in order, including some of his more varied material.  The songs  are strong, for the most part, though some lose their power outside the  thematic contexts of his albums.  I would quibble with some of the  selction--dump most of the stuff at the end (there's a reason he didn't put  it on &quot;Born in the USA&quot; in the first place) in favor of the likes  of &quot;Spirit in the Night,&quot; &quot;Rosalita,&quot; or &quot;Darkness  on the Edge of Town.&quot;  Like any greatest hits album of an artist of  his stature and longevity, it is unsatisfactory--can you imagine trying to  summarize Bob Dylan or the Beatles in a single disc?  It can't be done--and  neither can it be done with Springsteen.
6302477751|5.0|Frankenweenie is a funny and well made spoof or parody of several 1930s horror films using contemporary time. Tim Burton did a wonderful job of telling his story in less than 30 minutes. It is really too bad that the  studio has not rereleased this very funny film. I'll be sure to get it when  it becomes avalable.
B000002OZY|4.0|It's not surprising that this is the one that people remember--it's a grand gesture.  But it's still inferior to any number of things the who did before, and also to their next album, &quot;Who's Next.&quot;  In the  mid-60's, the Who were busy inventing all the tricks copped by Led Zepplin  and turned into heavy metal, and those copped by the MC5 and morphed into  punk.  This is not a throwaway by any means--&quot;Pinball Wizard&quot; and  &quot;We're Not Gonna Take It&quot; make it worth owning--but if you want  the real Who pantheon, get their &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;, which will give  you a nice slice of their teen-rebellion days with vicious songs such as  &quot;I Can't Explain,&quot; &quot;My Generation,&quot; and &quot;I Can See  for Miles.&quot;  You might also indulge in &quot;Who's Next,&quot; wherein  they invented heavy metal by broadening the scope of their previous music  without compromising it with the high pretentions of &quot;Tommy&quot;
1559408898|5.0|The video transfer of this film was handled superbly. The audio commentary by Paul Verhoven gives you a very good insight as to the making of the film. Also there's plenty of behind-the-scenes photos on the construction  of the full-size ED-209 as well as the animation model.
B000002BFL|2.0|This is, to me, Springsteen's first wholly unsatisfying record.  &quot;Lucky Town&quot; and &quot;Human Touch&quot; did not sustain the excellence of his work from &quot;The Wild, the Innocent, and the E Street  Shuffle&quot; through &quot;Tunnel of Love,&quot; but they had a few  moments on each of them worth saving.  With the possible exception of  &quot;The Ghost of Tom Joad,&quot; this album lacks the focus and haunting  tunefulness of the Springsteen album it is most often compared to,  &quot;Nebraska.&quot;  I admire the attempt to venture back out into  America's lost stretches with a newer, multiethnic and all-encompassing  point-of-view, but this album is in dire need of a melody, and lacks even  the qualified uplift of Nebraska's &quot;Reason to Believe.&quot;  It's not  enough to make me lose faith in his talents--it's just the man's first real  misfire.
0525457585|5.0|I first fond this book when I was 7 years old. I read the small paperback...at least 9 times.  I was captivated.  When I found the hard cover, I jumped for joy!  It had been 5 years, and I still remembered the  entire story!  This wonderful book should be read by anyone who can read  english.  The Neverending story, however, is not just a child's book.  I am  an adult now and I still read this book when I get a chance, and it still  amazes me!! This story really should have many more stars (10 would be a  modest number!) Please, you owe it to yourself to read this beautiful  masterpice!!
B0000024ZT|3.0|Someone put a leash on this boy!  Only 23 when he released this album, Springsteen wrote lyrics that sound as if he thinks he's only going to get one shot to say everything he ever thought of.  As a result, he comes up  with some brilliant but meaningless songs, and the pretentiousness of the  likes of &quot;Mary Queen of Arkansas&quot; outweight the exuberance of his  performance on those cuts.  The best songs are the ones where producer Mike  Appel lets him haul in a band and play the way he knew best: Loud and  energetic.  &quot;Sprit in the Night,&quot; &quot;It's Hard to be a Saint  in the City&quot; and &quot;Blinded by the Light&quot; are brilliant if  slightly overwrought songs sabotaged by a thin production that waters down  Gary Tallent's bass and jams the rhythm section into the background.  For a  more successful album in a similar vein, check out &quot;The Wild, the  Innocent, and the E Street Shuffle.&quot;
B000007177|4.0|It is really a treat to be able to hear the previously unreleased material presented on disc one of this double disc set.  Where the lyrics are occassionally silly (Tiger Toon), or the tunes at times  familiar(Solitaire), this is a disc well worth owning. The material on side  one was recorded and abandoned prior to Passion Play.  Some of the themes  resurfaced on later material.  However, much of it is fresh and new to the  ear. Overall, the compositions and interplay within the band are terrific,  as is the case with all of Tull's pre-80's work. Side Two is less than  stellar.  Where there are a couple of &quot;keepers&quot; most of the  material is just rubbish.  Side Two exposes what ultimately became the  downfall of Tull.  With the absence of John Evans and drummers of  Barriemore Barlow's caliber the sound became too influenced by current(at  the time) trends.  As a result, Tull lost it's unique voice and this  material sounds dated and weak. Still, due to the quality of disc one this  collection is a welcome addition to any Tull fan's collection.  Highly  recommended...Simon
B0000027F8|5.0|The title captures the whole essence of the album. Those fettered by prejudice will never be able to enjoy the music here, those having an open mind will discover the true genius of this music. It's got variety of  styles, yet unity of content. It's got a mood and it's got dedication. And  it has the best singing you can ever get. So freshen your mind and freshen  your ears, shape up and Listen With Headphones.
B000002BYD|5.0|Worth the money.Pearl Jam has produced good music coupled with some appealing lyrics.Nice to have this album in your collection
B000002GG0|5.0|Cat Stevens is perhaps one of the best artists of this century and this album is an incredible contribution to music history.  &quot;Foreignor Suite&quot; is a beautiful accomplishment and has some of the best  music/lyric writing anywhere.  The second side is no less amazing.  A  fantastic album that really shows how much of a poetic and musically gifted  person Cat Stevens was.
0767802659|5.0|Great action and spectacular special effects (computer animation) film, if you are at all squeamish on body parts (not connected to other body parts), this is not the film for you.
B000002J3W|2.0|Deceiving, a little too many changes in their sound.....perhaps too far-fetched.....a couple of good songs, though......'Firesign', 'Beat yourself blind', but nothing really talented.....
0930073193|5.0|I never thought economics could make any sense to the non-economist. But that was before I read this book. It should be required reading of every student, including the Marxist economic professors who dominate modern  academia. Hazlitt, like many conservative economists, was well ahead of his  time. He had the rare gift of being able to foresee and analyze the  long-term consequences of government intervention. His forecasts and  predictions made decades ago have come to pass.<br />When the popularity of  government interventionism was at its peak, Hazlitt's naysaying must have  sounded reactionary. But history has vindicated his analysis and it is  liberal economists (pro-New Dealers and pro-Great Society) who have been  left with egg on their face. Yet even with the overwhelming success of  Hazlitt's methodology for examining secondary consequences, governments  around the world continue to advocate shortsighted policies that have not  and will not work.<br />In the end, Hazlitt declares that most open-minded  economists have come to the conclusion that his analyses of interventionist  policies are valid and useful. But that problems created by interventionism  has become a problem of politics. New Deal programs and other social  policies have created special interest constituencies that contribute  towards a tremendous inertia that politicians have been unable to resist or  overcome.<br />It may be that the neo-conservatives are right. Entrenched,  bloated unconstitutional government may be here to stay and that the most  one can hope to accomplish is to make existing interventionist policies  more efficient, less costly, and less intrusive; and to prevent any new  interventionist initiatives from being implemented.<br />On the other hand, if  the government beast continues to grow and begins consuming and regulating  too much, it will collapse under its own weight, which is a sure way to  create an instability that would inspire a revolt. Sadly, this may be the  best hope for getting government growth and power under control.best hope for getting government growth and power under control.
B000007SPU|5.0|I first heard This Mortal Coil in 1988 and fell instantly in love with their haunted sound. Filigree and Shadow remains in my top 5 of greatest all time records ever. The Jeweller, I Must Have Been Blind and My Father  are brilliant. Full of dark strings and voices, it is the sound of midnight  come to life. Buy this and enjoy.
0790729636|4.0|I received this DVD when I got my player and it was the first movie I watched. I always thought &quot;Twister&quot; was an okay movie, but once I saw it on DVD I liked it even better. The sound is incredible and the movie  looks much better in a widescreen format. This is usually the movie I  show  someone when they want to know why a DVD is better than VHS. It usually  does the trick.
B00000K19E|5.0|The DVD creators could have put together a copy of the movie, but they went far beyond that. Congratulations to the people behind the scenes who added some fun and interesting content about the movie to this DVD. The  movie is 1st rate, but the DVD is even better!
B000002KKC|5.0|It has taken me some time to find out why exactly I kept coming back to Fleetwood Mac throughout the years, but the album Tusk really gives the answer. Not the most commercially successful album they have made, it is,  however, an incredible display of the tremendous songwriting talent  available within this one band at the time. The songs are easily traced to  their originators, but have enough musical overlap (bound by the drums and  bass of Mick Fleetwood and John McVie), to mix very well into this cleverly  arranged album. It is this high talented multi songwriter capacity that  keeps your interest and this album would serve one very well as an  introduction to Fleetwood Mac, 'modern' style (as opposed to the former  british blues style). Pick your favorite songwriter if you will and then go  to their other albums to hear what other marvels they have come up with! My  first Fleetwood Mac album was Rumours, but thanks to a more prominent  display of different styles on Tusk, I have ventured to their other albums,  including the old-style blues albums, which in turn have led me to numerous  other blues bands, opening up a whole new area of music to me. Though it  may take you a little more time to appreciate than the very easy going  Rumours, Tusk is possibly the best album, artistically speaking, the  'modern' Fleetwood Mac has ever made. Truly a landmark album!
0374172897|5.0|After eavesdropping on a conversation in a bookstore (sneaky, I know, but one way to learn about gifted talent!)I picked up Michael Cunningham's &quot;The Hours&quot; and prepared myself to be transformed. The lofty  challenge was met by this stunning work of verbal artistry. Never before  has a book so entirely captured me, refusing to let go; allowing me to  wander through the words as if tasting a fine wine or a rich banquet  prepared for my convienience. Michael Cunningham has produced a complex,  thoroughly wonderful narrative that challenges the formulaic writing so  prevalient today. His gift to literature shall never be, as Clarissa fears  about Richard's poetry, forgotten, but a benchmark of the highest order for  any author to aspire to meet. &quot;The Hours&quot; is a gift to the world,  and any reader destined to cross its path.
079213690X|5.0|This movie should get six stars, but five is all I'm allowed to give.  Getting and earning lots of oscars, Braveheart is my #1 favorite and will always be.  Though, few actors are recognized besides Gibson, the movie  bases itself on the famous Scottish revolt in the late twelve hundereds  against the English.  And although, it is near three hours long, it keeps  you watching from beginning to end.  Every scene is interesting, and the  battles are intense.  I recommend getting the widescreen to see the  &quot;entire&quot; movie.  Everyone I know loves this film. Directed by Mel  Gibson.  Good job, Mel.  &quot;If we win, we'll then have what none of us  have ever had before: a country of our own...&quot;
078322608X|4.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Terry Gilliam's vision of the world is very provocative and intriguing. The acting is great, the story is excellent, and this is probably Brad Pitt's best performance ever.  I have both DVD versions - with and without DTS soundtrack. However, the  non-DTS collector's edition has a glitch - when you press 'menu' key on the  DVD remote during watching a documentary about the making of '12 Monkeys',  the DVD player freezes and you have to shut it down, in order to return to  the movie. I've tried this on 2 discs - mine and the other one, that I've  rented from the video store. I have plenty of DVDs, and this is the issue  with this particular movie. If someone had similar experience, please post  the message, stating that. This way I know, that there's nothing wrong with  my equipment. But again, the film itself is a real gem.
0767819594|4.0|A true love story.  This movie is very well done with great screenplay and storyline.  The few actors in this movie do a good job at keeping the movie going.  Ryan Phillipe is a charming, rich kid with evil intentions to hurt  other people; particularly women.  But when his beautiful stepsister,  played buy Sarah Michelle Gellar, bets him to seduce their dean's daughter  to lose her virginity, actress Reese Witherspoon's innocent personality  forces his plan to backfire.  Phillipe soon gets lost between what he wants  and what his heart wants.  This movie has good humor, an emotional ending,  and a very good soundtrack.  It's good.
B00001QGPS|5.0|I bought this joint in Detroit. This CD is real hip hop, not that Puff Daddy, Will Smith Bullsh--! 19 songs, 19 hits! The Cuts &quot;Cereal Killer&quot;, &quot;Maaad Crew&quot; and &quot;Fire Ina Hole&quot; are just  a few plus the classic &quot;How High&quot; from 1995. These two are the  tightest duo without question. Go buy this CD and Bump this in ya Jeeps!  It's the perfect mix of Wu-Tang and Def Squad. If only all rappers came as  real and as tight as Red and Meth!!
B00000IO4J|4.0|Every teen will love this movie.  With extraterrestrial parasites taking over the teachers of a school, six teens discover the secret and must stop it before it's too late.  There are very few lame scenes in this movie, and the  action, the actors, and the screenplay make the storyline good and worth  watching.  Though there is a lot of advertising for Tommy Hilfiger, and  most of the actors are new, they do a good job and the soundtrack is  awesome.  I must admit, even I was surprised to find out who the head alien  was.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This movie... directed by a master - Mann; is my favorite.  Ever since I saw my first DVD.. I have been griping about how this wasnt out yet!  I own the letterboxed version on VHS... and I cant wait to see the DVD.  I have  pre-ordered this DVD.  This movie is the reason I paid 500 dollars for a  DVD player. Does that tell you anything?
6305627401|2.0|Funny? Yes.  But it is not funny enough.  There are too many songs.  It's practically a musical.  Most of the songs are funny, and some are not.  They say f#&amp;k way too many times.  And I could not believe they have  nudity in this film.  This movie is for adults and adults only.  If you  want to laugh to death watching South Park, get the episodes.  They are  much funnier.  You will want to see this film once for yourself and not see  it again.
B00001QGIQ|5.0|I have been wating for this movie to be released again.  I love it!!  I can't wait for my kids to see it with me.
0790729989|2.0|I love most things dark, opressive, disturbing and stark, but this predictable-from-the-start investigation into the underbelly of human depravity failed to hold me past the thrid deadly sin. Creepy and  sickening, I enjoyed the dirty feeling this movie left me with, but when  the credits hold a higher artistic value than what's between them, it's  hard to recommend a purchase.
B0000025L8|5.0|This is my favorite of the clash albums. It almost seems like the older brother of London Calling. I'm 17 and wasn't around when this came out, and I do have on question. What is &quot;DUB&quot;?
6304362498|5.0|Though he compressed some very important material into a terse 2 hours, Radford brought the complex and thought provoking imagery of George Orwell's novel to life in this stunning and beautiful movie. John Hurt  brilliantly portrays Winston Smith in the bleak and hopeless atmosphere of  Big Brother's totalitarian, post WWII government whose sole ideal is the  irradication of individuality. The brainwashing and torture scenes between  Hurt and Richard Burton are superb.
B00000JZIK|5.0|A smart, violent, stylish film and an instant-classic (not to mention a hunk-fest for the females in the audience -- sorry, as a female and a Spacey fan, I had to say it). Also, a must-see for action or  &quot;whodunit&quot; lovers.  Now MY only question is, what's Maltin  talking about??  The film's twists and turns are EXPLAINED by the film's  knockout ending, not obliterated by it.  Watch closely and it's all very  logical.  Maltin (and the amazon.com reviewer) fell asleep on the job on  that one -- disregard them.  The film never sacrifices cleverness for style  -- it's a Chinese puzzle-box, with every clue falling into place for those  who look closely.
630307362X|5.0|If there's a better movie that develops the themes of isolation and passion, I've never seen it.  This masterpiece is that rarest of gems: a perfect blend of acting, script, cinematography and musical score.
6304211740|1.0|Jane Eyre is my all time favorite book, and this movie destroys the story. William Hurt is a horrible Rochester, having absolutely none of Rochester's dark and brooding manner, and course, none of his dark good looks.  Charlotte Gainesburg was fair as Jane, she looked just how I picture her,  and did alright as acting, but I still dislike this movie. ElleMacpherson  was horrible as Blanche Ingram, looking absolutely nothing like the book  described. Anna Paquin did well as the young Jane, and her acting was all  there is to admire about this movie.  The story was screwed up, leaving  out important parts, and taking liberties with those that were not. In  short, this movie is disgusting, Charlotte Bronte would be appalled. If you  want to see a Jane Eyre movie, rent the Timothy Dalton version, that is far  better, for it follows the story more closely, and the acting wasn't so  horrible. I hate it when movie producers screw everything up!!!
0140143505|5.0|A sweet, touching book of an exchange of letters between an broke but erudite New York writer and an antiquarian book dealer in London. Not in the least gimmicky for its letter-to-letter format, which goes to show it's  the real thing. A lovely movie also.
0375707972|4.0|I read this remarkable book twice and made new discoveries the second time around. As a decade-long national leader in adult literacy in the U.S. I understand well the stigma and shame attached to the condition of adult  illiteracy, but I don't find it believable as the primary motivating factor  for the actions of Hannah.  But there is much else to say about the work.   The lucidity of the language creates a horrifying picture that is both  stark and beautiful. Hannah's awful past acts against humanity are  horrifying and inexplicable.  Still, one wants to cry not just for her  victims, but for Hannah herself.  The author masterfully interweaves the  horror of her criminal action (really, a lack of action) with other periods  in her life, but most importantly with the underlying broader theme of  betrayal that results from silence/inaction.  The book delivers a powerful  message that asks for a great deal from the reader, including an honest  examination of one's own behavior.  I admire the book immensely. Oddly,  despite all that is terrible about Hannah, and about the lawyer who loves  her as a young man, the truth is much more complicated than that. At the  end, on a purely human level, I cared about Hannah and even felt in some  measure responsible for her.
B000002H33|5.0|Before Metallica was a Bob Rock-produced, pop metal, radio-play sellout band, they were THE most important heavy metal band of their time.  Combining influences such as Black Sabbath, Deep Purple, and Motorhead they  redefined this style as we know it.  This is the last album with the  irreplaceable bassist Cliff Burton (who died in a tour-bus accident).   &quot;Orion&quot; is the instrumental bass feature in which Cliff shows us  how the bass can (and ought to) be a lead instrument.  He not only played  excellently, but also wrote some classicly influenced bits that shine  through above and beyond any other metal of this period.  Check out his  mellow volume/Wah-Wah swells introducing the closing track &quot;Damage  Inc.&quot;  This is possibly the best &quot;Rock Anthem&quot; (as cheesy as  that title is) ever recorded.  This is a great album from start to finish.   The production is great... the harmonized guitars are fluid... the drums  are huge... and the vocals are biting in a way far away from the contrived  roughness of Metallica's latest efforts.  I've said enough about the bass  already. In short: Masterpiece - Grand Opus - Swan song (of Cliff and the  true Metallica.. RIP)
B00000JBEI|3.0|This is essential Bruuuce, unquestionably. The first three tracks are great. The fourth, a stripped down acoustic version of &quot;Born to Run&quot; is more a novelty than anything else, and although it sounds  interesting on paper, Born to Run doesn't really work that well in this  arrangement.<br />The problem with this EP is that it is an exact reproduction  of the original US CD issue of this EP. That EP was released in 1988, in  the long-dead 3&quot;-CD format. Space limitations of the CD3 format  mandated that a couple of the tracks on this EP be edited to fit in the ~22  minutes available on a CD3. For that reason, a guitar solo in &quot;Tougher  than the Rest&quot;, as well as a long rambling introduction to  &quot;Chimes of Freedom&quot; were jettisoned. There were not criminal  edits--in fact many (yours truly included) were relieved to not have to sit  through Bruce's introduction of &quot;Chimes&quot; over and over. But since  this material is not otherwise available in the US on CD, this reissue  should have been definitive and included the original versions that were  available on vinyl and cassette.<br />Aside from that, this release would rate  a strong 4 1/2 stars.
6301963717|5.0|The dialogue in this movie is absolutely superb. All the characters are brilliantly developed. Great acting performances, especially by Gabriel Byrne, J.E. Freeman, and of course Albert Finney. A gem.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK COMPUTER is one of the greatest cd's I own. Thom Yorke is a genius in his own time! Not a day goes by that I DON'T listen to this cd. I highly recommend this cd if you truly enjoy music as a    passion as I do. The  collection of mellow bass and strumming guitars is the quintessential music  lovers cd. This cd has a little bit of both worlds of the alternative  genre: soft rock and, I use this term loosely, heavy metal. I recommend  listening to the whole cd because its too good to be rushed through. Bravo  Thom, a true masterpiece.
B00000K19E|5.0|One part gunfight, one part martial arts and one part science fiction, the Matrix is harkens to the 80s action classics - before studios realized they could make just as much money by releasing shallow special-effects  extravaganzas with no point or ideas whatsoever.  The Matrix does a fine  job of tapping into 90s troubles of over-connectiveness and dehumanization  in an ever more information-driven world - where it's easy to feel like  meaningless cogs in a great inhuman machine.  Just as we can look back on  films like the Blade Runner and appreciate how real the prospect of an  high-tech urban wasteland felt back then, I believe we'll see our own 90s  fears mirrored in the Matrix in years to come.<br />As for the DVD itself, it  comes packed with extras.  Even the chapter selection screens have actual  mini-displays of the film in action, rather than just thumbnail stills.   One oddity, however, is the theatrical trailer is only available using a PC  DVD-ROM drive.  Be warned!  The Matrix is a hybrid DVD with so many extras  that many older players have had trouble handling it.  If yours is among  the first generation of players, you may want to consider renting first to  make sure yours can handle it properly.
B000002IZM|4.0|A great soundtrack from a great movie.  As always, one must learn to live with V's eccentricities.  What is good about this collection is very, very good.  It's dischordant notes are minor and (as always) forgivable  distractions.
0395595118|5.0|Yes, its as good as people say. Masterpiece, no need to type more
0385493800|5.0|For those of you that like action from page 1, this book will satisfy.  It has all of the elements of a great page turner....enjoy!!!!!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana- always satisfies. This CD is all Carlos sprinkled with collaborations that accentuate his versatility. The man is a guitar master and his open and welcoming outlook on life shines through in his music. It  is my hope that some of this rubs off on the younger generation who only  bought this CD to hear Rob Thomas. Open your minds and hearts and ears to  hear the positive message. Expand your horizons beyond top 40 pop. You  might learn something worth keeping all your life.
B000002J0P|5.0|Going down the list of tracks, one might think they are looking at a greatest hits compilation.  Each and every track is a genuine classic.  Listen, re-listen, and enjoy a rare piece of exquisite aural artwork.
0446310786|5.0|I can't believe some people think that the descrption, character development and the characters are boring in this novel! This is so incredibly well written-and to those of you that say it's not &quot;well  researched&quot; Harper Lee based it on her father, who was a lawyer. He  must've provided her so much &quot;research&quot;! What disturbs me is the  students' reaction to this book. Here's a tip: You might not like this book  because it's too &quot;slow&quot; but wait a couple of years, reread it,  then you might be ashamed that you could ever found this book  &quot;boring&quot;
6305587159|4.0|The story was true to the Star Trek created by the great the bird of the galaxy.  The plight of the underdog which Star Trek does so well, was continued with great success to Frakes weaving of the story web.  It had  just enough humor and suspense to keep the viewer in galactic heaven.
0790745399|5.0|I saw this in the theatres, it was unbelievable! The story itself is a cross between the Easter Story and Alice in Wonderland. The special effects are like no other. Great movie if you like Sci-fi or just great action! It  definetly makes you think a lot after. You MUST see this movie in your  lifetime!
6305627347|5.0|What other movie insults everyone (of course all in fun) has excellent songs an irresistably beautiful plot and best of all satires our own sue happy, too easily offended and over censored world? Unforetunatly, most of  its fans have abandoned the show. I have heard that there are already plans  for a sequal. Unforetunately most Americans aren't ready to see the truth  that the show and this movie displays.
B000003BEM|5.0|This is one of The Rolling Stones Greatest CD'S ever Ithank THE ROLLING STONES are one of the Greatest Band's ever.....
6304056958|5.0|This is one of my favourite movies.  The entire cast is superb - even Joan Crawford does a wonderful job.  The dialogue is quick, clever and very funny.  A winner all round.  I just wish they'd release it on DVD, my VHS  copy is wearing out!
B00000IMCU|5.0|You have probably read a ton of reviews by now...ignore the bad ones...DOTD is the wittiest, scariest, goriest, and brilliant horror film ever.  make sure to get the unrated version
B000002UVX|5.0|On a great night, Jimi Hendrix, on a creative level, was simply one of the finest musicians I have ever heard. &quot;Band of Gypsies&quot; shows Jimi at his &quot;inspired best.&quot; As a rock-blues guitarist, Jimi took the  same notes and basic scales that everyone else played and made them his  own. He was completely unashamed to play what he felt and he was a true  original. If you love the electric guitar, it doesn't get much better than  this. I don't think there is anyone alive today who could stand in the same  room with him. He was that good.  <br />Von Ehman
B000001FDI|5.0|BLIND FAITH = SUPERGROUP, THE LEGENDARY STEVE WINWOOD WITH ERIC CLAPTON AND RICK GRECH, AS IF THEY COULD PRODUCE ANYTHING LESS THAN A MASTERPIECE OF ROCK HISTORY. CANT FIND MY WAY HOME HAUNTS MY MEMORY FOREVER, LINGERING  IN MY BRAIN LIKE SOME RELIGIOUS HYMN. IF THIS ALBUM ISNT IN YOUR  COLLECTION, YOU DONT KNOW A THING ABOUT MUSIC.
B00001QGPR|5.0|When I first heard &quot;The Pretty Things are Going to Hell&quot; on the Stigmata soundtrack, I expected &quot;Hours&quot; to be a retread of it's predeccesor &quot;Earthling&quot; (certainly no bad thing mind you).   However, Bowie has surprised me once again with this, his most intimate and  self-reflecting album to date.  Like most of Bowie's albums, the first  listen caught me off guard a bit, but all in all an excellent album that  should appease Bowiephiles and new listeners alike.
B000007XUQ|5.0|We have had this Christmas Collection in our house for the past 12 years and just last year the cassette was distroyed, and now we are looking forward to getting it in CD. The Carpenters are unique, and this CD  displays it especially with this xmas selection!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Bought this for one song, but was more than pleasantly surprised at how much I like the whole CD.  Great eclectic mix!!
B000002BUY|5.0|Funk, metal, rap, jazz, hip-hop, porno, what ever you like to listen to it's on this album.  Awesome album with amazing musicians.  Can't compaire it to anything, but if you like Korn, Faith No More, Limp Biscut or Living  Color, these guys will blow you away.
B00000DD2D|5.0|I bought this CD predicated on reading the online reviews.  This is not to be missed!!!
B000002LRX|5.0|Ask any real Faith No More fan and they will tell you that Angel Dust is their best album.  This album keeps you interested from start to finish. I get chills evertime I hear &quot;Small Victory&quot; even after listening  to it for 7 years.  Do yourself a favor and get this album!!
6301025083|5.0|Federico Fellini masterpiece hasn't faded a bit but is as sweeping and lush as it was in the early 60s. Commonly seen as an autobiographical effort, it is more a self-commentary on his own style of filmmaking.  Fellini loves caricatures and he clearly paints his women Anouk Aimee as  the plain unhappy wife, Sandra Milo as the voluptuous shallow girlfriend,  Edra Gale as the monstrous Saraghina, and Claudia Cardinale as the ideal  dream girl -- not unlike Dante Aligheri's Beatrice. As a finale, he gathers  all he knows into one big circus ring, another caricature on life's  meaning. Or take the childhood phrase \\"asa nisi masa\\" which refers to the  feminine soul (anima). Many of his characters appear almost as  clowns/caricatures. Guido, like Fellini, does not work from a script, but  looks to the changing relationship between his characters as his  inspiration for the development of the script and plot. Hence, Guido  (Marcello Mastroianni) receives constant criticism and pressure from past  figures (priests and his father) and his film colleagues and producers.  Only when he actually meets his star (Claudia Cardinale) does idealism turn  to realism as the dream girl becomes a material person who tell Guido that  he is a \\"cheat\\" since he has no script and part for her. Fellini is such a  master of the the dream sequences from which he moves so smoothly and  effortlessly to reality. Only after being told there is no role (for  Claudia) does Guido begin to face reality. This last scene actually  approaches the Fellini-Cardinale relationship during shooting. When one  realizes this parallel between filmmaking and personal life, it is not  surprising that Fellini chooses his wife, Guilietta Masini, (although not  in this film) to often be his leading lady. With this film, Fellini moved  from neorealism to introspective fantasy which becomes highly apparent in  his later films \\"City of Women,\\" \\"Satyricon,\\" etc. Finally, I feel that his  earlier films up to and including \\"81/2\\" are much better than his later  self-indulgent fantasy films.
B00000J7JH|5.0|Mule Variations is perhaps one of Tom Waits best albums in many years. The songs &quot;Hold On&quot; &quot;Cold Water&quot; and &quot;House Where nobody Lives&quot; suggest a blend of two earlier CDs, &quot;Closing  Time&quot; and &quot;Rain Dogs&quot;. This CD contains Buzz Fletterjohn, as  well as Big Face Money (co written by Tom's son Casey, and Casey plays  drums on it). This CD is perhaps my favorite of Tom Waits works, challenged  only by Rain Dogs. The music is beautiful, and the lyrics moving. Tom at  his best!! The only thing better was seeing him live in Minneapolis, at 9th  and Hennepin!!
0395645662|5.0|It is amazing to read some of the other reviews.  If a book contains anything metaphorical or symbolic people can't seem to handle it.  <br />This was definitely one of the top five books I have ever read.  Rarely does a  book make me change the way I behave, but this one did.  I can't say I know  you'll enjoy it, but if you understand the symbols, your life will change  for the better.<br />However, one caution, it likely will not be understood by  the average reader under age 12 (the AVERAGE reader that is!).
0670827592|4.0|This book is as much fun to read the 100th time as it is the first.  (Trust me, I have...) My 5 year old got it as a gift and neither of us can get enough of this delightful &quot;twist&quot; on the classic tale.
6304508611|5.0|&quot;Carrie&quot; was released in 1976, and I must say, this is the ultimate teen revenge movie. Sissy Spacek plays Carrie White, a social outcast who is constantly tormented by her classmates and who has a psycho  religious mother, Margaret, played by Piper Laurie. Carrie ends up getting  asked to the prom by the popular jock, Tommy (William Katt), but Chris  (Nancy Allen) and her boyfriend, Billy (John Travolta) have something  planned for her using a bucket and some blood. I think you know the rest.  From the first scene in the shower, which is very disturbing to the  horrific prom massacre, this film will have you on the edge of your seat.  Also features Amy Irving.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie was just so awesome I had to buy it.  If your in to Science-Fiction, Action movies, then this should be number 1 on your list of movies to buy.  You'll be so blown away by this movie you'll want to  watch it over and over.  I can't wait until the next two movies, of the  trilogy, come out on DVD.<br />This is a must BUY!!
0783113943|5.0|Angelina Jolie IS Gia!  A well deserved Golden Globe Award proves just how incredible she is in the role.  This is one brutal movie that will leave a lasting impression.  The unrated version is very graphic, but I found  myself drawn into this film through the incredible acting and the damp and  moody art direction.  Gia found success, stardom, drugs, and sex early on,  but tragically paid the price....it's a good lesson for all. A must see!!
B0000025SB|5.0|This is a good album and it is comparable to the &quot;big three&quot; that everybody loves. I of course am talking about &quot;Dark Side&quot;, &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, and &quot;The Wall&quot;. Wow was I amazed at  what I heard, especially when I first cranked up The Final Cut.  The first  track just blew me away and continued all the way through the entire album.  My favorite tracks are &quot;The post war dream&quot; and &quot;not now John&quot;.  In my opinion, Pink Floyd is one of the best bands to ever string up a guitar,  based on the fact that they have a unique style and sound that has never been  matched and never will. I guarantee you will not be disappointed with this cd --  The Final Cut -- It is literally the final cut, as it is the last cd of the band  with the wizard, Roger Watters.
6301008944|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite screwball comedies.  A great cast and direction makes for a fast paced adventure that only one could dream about.  The scenes with Brenda in the bus station and the jazz club where Chris  Parker and the kids have to &quot;sing the blues&quot; are hilarious!!   Enjoy the non stop rollercoaster ride of thrills, suspense, laughter, and  romance.  A great date flick and especially fun for the entire family!
6301095294|4.0|We can judge this film from a critical cynical point of view, and it'll be awful because it was a rush job. That's not the point. Watch the film with an open heart, enjoy the sillyness, enjoy the music, let the magic work on  you. We all need a bit of colour in our lives, and this film provides a  breath of fresh air, frees us from our normal hectic daily lives, and takes  us into a different world where we can be children again, jumping and  frolicking without a care in the world. In this context, the food dream and  the strip show scene are out of place, which is why I give only 4 stars,  but I nevertheless felt heartened and enlightened by the film. I'm glad I  bought it.
0316286869|4.0|When I picked up &quot;Making Faces&quot;, the first thing that I thought was that there are a million books that are supposed to help you make your face prettier and I have seen them all. The instructions leave you confused  with gobs of makeup all in the wrong places.  With &quot;Making Faces&quot;  I was dead wrong. This is not another book with instructions that leave you  wondering where your browbone is. Everything is illustrated and explained  so well, that there is no room for mistakes, just clear instructions for  specific looks that are nothing short of spectacular.
B00002E285|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  If you like Pink Floyd then you have to see this movie.
038533348X|3.0|I love Vonnegut's books.  Few, if any, American writers display such imagination and wit.  Or depth of conviction.  However, in most of the five books by him that I have read, the endings are disappointingly weak. This  is definitely the case in &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot;.  The book progresses  with near Huxlian vision (and much more humor) until Vonnegut appears to  run out of resources.  His ending, the apocalyptic suffocation of the world  with the cancerous &quot;ice-nine&quot;, is far too abrupt and cartoonish.   It hits the reader like, well, a dose of &quot;ice nine&quot;.  This is a  major shame, as his magnificently creative tale deserves a better thought  out -- perhaps more subtle -- ending, something that lingers on the brain  for a long, long time. The problem with most of his books is their  unfortunate diffusion from one's conciousness, more than likely due to  their relatively poor endings.  I suggest that any readers buying this book  bail out about 20 or 30 pages before the end.  In fact, I would advise this  to readers of most Vonnegut books.  Perhaps then, the words of the Master  of Black Humor would enjoy a longer half-life, and deserve a much better  rating.
6305603847|5.0|The Wall has to be the most awe inspiring Movie ever put on film. The haughtingly beautiful music and stunning visuals would be enough in itself to classify this as a monumental achievment in movie making. Add Pink into  the mix with his tormented mind and his own emotional rollercoaster and you  have one of the true masterpieces of all time. I can't wait to see and feel  this movie again on DVD.
B000001EHS|5.0|I went to high school when &quot;bringing on the heartbreak&quot; and &quot;rock of ages&quot; ruled the airwaves and this is the band I grew up with.  They are absolutely the best hard rock band of the 80's and they  keep rockin' on into the 90's.  This CD is a must have for any 80's heavy  metal fan.  No I take that back. This CD is a must have for every heavy  metal fan, period.  EVERY song on this CD is great.
B00001QGPR|4.0|Hours...marks David Bowie's return to a more refined pop sound that characterized one of his most successful albums &quot;LET'S DANCE&quot;.  The vocals are very &quot;naked&quot;, not a lot of effects on his voice  and it's right there up front in the mix.  It sounds pretty, and has some  very catchy songs.  No huge themes, no experimenting with the latest style,  just plain old David Bowie and some glitter.  Fans should love it, and the  general public will find it a little catchier and more radio friendly than  his last effort.  Critics will call it middle of the road rock, and they  may be partially correct but the style is all Bowie. He still has that  haunting voice and some of the best lyrics.
B00000IAU3|4.0|This album is a must have for those who like the Sarah M. genre. I first heard &quot;Thank You&quot; on the Sliding Doors soundtrack, and instantly fell in love with it. The rest of the album is not quite as upbeat as  &quot;TY&quot;, as most of the tracks portray the reflective views of a  woman who was been hurt... ranging from entrapment in &quot;Hunter&quot; to  scorn in &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; (which, unlike the Amazon reviewer,  is one of my favorites -- very biting). It's well-put-together album with a  ton of feeling... I personally can't wait for her encore CD.
B00000K19E|4.0|I've bought two copies of the DVD. Scenes repeat, KUNG_FU for one and then there's the problem where the sound goes out of sync. Untill the bring out new and improved DVD buy the VHS
B000000OU6|5.0|I am a big GNR fan imfact i'm the biggest gnr fan in the area where i live but i brought slash's snake pitt from Amazon and loved it!!! Keep up the good work Slash!!!!
B000005YZM|4.0|A friend let me borrow the 14 song version of this disc. Today I am getting the 27 track release offered here. To me, I can see Rod Argent and Colin Blunstone tipping their hats to The Beatles, The Kinks and The Who,  yet making these (then) new songs, sounds, etc. uniquely theirs. Then I see  groups like Jellyfish, XTC, Elvis Costello, Squeeze looking back to this  album/group as they came into their own sound. Unfortunatley this album,  like many other groups I seem to admire, was made as the group was breaking  up due to lack of interest amongst the record buying public of their  respective years.<br />I have always wanted this album, I just never knew it  existed... Thanks to the powers that be. PS Give this cd to someone who  needs it, spread the word!
0783229526|2.0|Having repeatedly watched this film in hopes that Terry Gilliam's brilliance would shine through at last, I have finally given up.  It's not that there is anything wrong with the acting; fine performances all around  from Johnny Depp and Benicio Del Torro.  They capture the spirit of the  book (as well as Hunter S. Thompson's mannerisms) perfectly.  The same can  be said of the directing and the cinematogrophy.  The problem here lies  with the source material...it just isn't that funny or clever to poke fun  at American culture through the metaphors of cheesy shriner-types, badly  dressed, vulgar, cigar-chomping tourists and lounge lizards that inhabited  casinoland twenty years ago (and still inhabit it today, albeit in  different form...the emperor's new clothes you know?).  It just isn't that  difficult a task, and to be quite honest, the reality of the matter is more  interesting and complex than this story leads you to believe.  Let Robert  Altman make a film about Vegas culture and you'll have a more accurate as  well as less judgemental view of America.  So after the novelty of the  &quot;zany-drug-fuelled-movie&quot; wears off, you are left with a film  which has very little to say.  I'd recommend this one only for Gilliam fans  who just HAVE to complete their collection.
B000002J1H|5.0|this one may just have been the last great album of the 70's i have turned alot of people into yes fans with Going For The One  including myself this should be the standard for all other music too meet if i could give it a 10  star rating i would  one word &quot;AWAKEN&quot;         luv to all
B00000K19E|1.0|At last, science fiction with brains... the likes of which you don't get to see that often nowadays. One excellent movie, on par with The 13th Floor, but alas, the disc crashes on too many players (home and PC alike).  Wait for a V2.0 if you want to buy it, but rush for it as soon as it's out.
B00001NFCY|5.0|If you like heavy riffs and catchy melodies, this CD is jam packed with them. I describe this new, improved Creed as Pearl Jam and Metallica with a little Korn thrown in. Hard Rock radio hits should include  &quot;Higher&quot; (already is) as well as &quot;Say I&quot;,  &quot;Beautiful&quot;, &quot;What If&quot;, and &quot;Never Die&quot;.  These guys are for real! Enjoy..
B00000K19E|5.0|when i first saw the Matrix i fell asleep after the first half hour, though admittidely(?) i had had no sleep the night before. so i left the theatre thinking the last half hour was good but what was all that stuff at  the start about, i usually get stuff like that i am a preety big film buff  guy, but seeing as i missed almost 30 mins, i felt i needed to give the  film another chance and find out what my friends were going on about. here  in the UK the film only left theatres a couple of months ago, so i was  priviledged to get the Matrix months before it will come out to rent here,  and boy was i priviledged. why pay $25 for a film i didn't really get, well  simply because of the amazing extras, they utilise DVD and remind me why i  got exited about DVD in the first place - multiple angles, commentary,  behind the scenes, essays, interactive features, soundtrack, and in my  opinion the best part - screenplay and storyboards - this is so cool, to  see the original ideas and how in many cases it turned out how the  directors saw it, usually with big action films many of the ideas on paper  aren't able make it to the screen, but with this it's different, it gives  you a new respect for the scenes in the film. by the way the second time i  watched it i totally got it, and watched it again a couple of hours later,  which is rare for me. If you only have just the slightest interest in this  film and you have DVD-ROM then buy the DVD, it's worth it.
B000001G89|5.0|I have just read the previous review where someone states that Abbado is a boring conductor. This of course is silly, especially on the evidence of this great recording. More surprising is the recommendation of either of  the Karajan sets. Karajan was not born to conduct Carmen, his plush,  all-purpouse velvet sound is wrong for this opera. Quite simply there is no  &quot;style&quot; (Opera-Comique of course), in his conducting. His singers  are flawed too in either of his 2 recordings. Neither Leontyne Price nor  Franco Corelli speak French, they are a mess linguistically. There was  potential in Agnes Baltsa for a great Carmen, but Karajan ruined her  portrayal. Jose Carreras was off form during this recording, and the use of  actors in the dialogues is quite simply unacceptable and stupid. Of course,  we all hear different things and respond to different approaches, but  please, do hear Abbado's recording before buying.
B000009VOL|4.0|Don't listen to this if you're off your medication.  These are some haunting and deeply personal songs.  Standout tracks: &quot;Metal Heart&quot;, &quot;Colors and the Kids&quot;, and &quot;Cross Bones  Style&quot;.  If you like this, give a listen to Lisa Germano, who's  probably more adept as a songwriter.
0800177975|5.0|I don't understand these comments, Last Action Hero is a spoof of the modern action film, that's why it's so corny and at times, badly made.  Both the director and Arnie himself explained this at length during the  promotion of the film but nobody seemed to understand.
B000002HHB|5.0|A beautiful collection. Natalie is a brilliant artist and I would recommend any and all albums with her name on it.
B00000JZC4|2.0|The first few times i listened to this cd i was mortified.  I didn't listen to it for a long time and then decided that i might be too harsh in my judgment and put in my cd player again.  The result: my stomach started  doing somersaults.  I noticed that most people think this record is the  best thing since sliced bread, but to me its sheer torture, especially when  i realize how much i loved the first album (even if its supposedly more  immature - and by the way, when did selling out suddenly become mature?).   I guess it's just one of those records that people either hate (that's me)  or (more commonly) worship like a household deity.
B000006OAM|5.0|Highly, highly, highly recommended. If you haven't heard Natalie yet, buy this CD. And if you have heard her, I don't even need to tell you. I would give this album 10 stars if only the rating scale went up that high.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jennifer Lopez cd is the best work in music ever.  She is a hard worker and a very talented woman.  She is also very sexy and an excellent actress.  I would definetly buy this cd, and the maxi single import cd, the remixes  rock.
6304119046|5.0|When I read some of the 'bad' reviews of this movie, I can't help thinking of an anaecdote of a 19th century woman who went to see Hamlet and wrote in her diary, &quot;I can't understand what all of the fuss is about - the  play is filled with the most trite and commonplace cliches...&quot;  Of  course, she didn't understand that those 'cliches' originated with  Shakespeare's play.  In the same way as Hamlet has shaped the way we  perceive our world, Citizen Kane has defined what we expect from film.   It's fair for someone not to like this film, everyone has and is entitled  to their own taste.  But to call it 'dull' or 'bad' betrays the same sort  of simplicity and ignorance as the aforementioned female theatregoer.   Citizen Kane is, in fact, an extremely accessible film to watch and  interpret - so pay attention when you watch it.  If you don't get what's so  special about this movie - and why generations of filmmakers acknowledge  it's preeminent place in the history of film - keep watching it until you  do!
0767821629|4.0|This movie has a good story, its blending of sci-fi and mystery are superb. I wouldn't bother compairing the effects to the Matrix but the concept is very similar. This is a good movie and didn't get the viewing  that it deserved due to its competition with the matrix. I recommend it.
B000000W3G|5.0|The songs in this CD set on the most part are great songs, typical of the pumpkins, and more in general feeling  of Pisces Iscariot than any of their other CDs.  In much the same way that the songs off of Pisces Iscariot get  better and better each time you listen, the songs on these five CDs  improved as you begin to hear the real essence of the songs, despite the  lack of the Pumpkin's typical studio effects, and polishing. This is a  collection of music with substance, with a pleasant increase in the vocal  participation of James and D'arcy to add layers to the songs that couldn't  be achieved with Billy's voice alone (especially on the softer songs).   Great music for the Pumpkin addict.
6303212263|5.0|Hi, I'm 10 and seen my fair share of movies, this may just be the best. Christopher Reeve Gives a great Profromance , the effects are great, and the movie gives a weird &quot;Human&quot; feel cause we can relate to the  characters in some ways , It delivers whiz-bang SFX with great acting and a  sense of awe never captured before thats the movie in one line . See this  movie and it's seguels , You'll like them
B0000025HU|5.0|This album's so keen. There's a different &quot;feel&quot; to every song. J-A-Zed-Zed, baby!  (I only wish &quot;Straight to Hell&quot; was on it.)
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a great film for fans of Sci-fi fiilms and Special effects alike. The behind the scenes footage is great and rally give an in-depth look at how the film was made. A must by for all.
B000009PNY|4.0|If you're a rabid DM fan, quickly, leave this page, and forget this CD exists.  The rest of you might enjoy this disc.  The most surprisingly good tracks are &quot;Policy of Truth&quot; by Dishwalla (who I didn't expect to  hear anything good from) and &quot;Somebody&quot; by Veruca Salt (who apply  a delicacy that their previous work didn't even hint at).  Some of the  electronic remakes just don't work (Apollo Four Forty, fr'instance), but  others, like Meat Beat Manifesto's, sound quite good.  If you're casually  interested in DM or these bands, this is a good listen.
630508999X|4.0|Once again the ghostmask is back where it should be.  On a psychopath's head!  This time, the killer(or killers?)is out to copycat the original killers, which has now been made into a hyped up horror called  &quot;STAB&quot;.  Who can it be?  The boyfriend?  Gale Weathers (as if!)?  or even the infamous Cotten Weary?  Who knows?  All I know is, is that this  film is lacking the originality of the first.  Something is missing.  It's  really great and funny and has scores of references to classic horrors gone  before, but it doesn't seem to have that ongoing tension that the original  contained. But with Scream 3 due out in December, this will definitely be  the perfect trilogy to own.
6305627401|5.0|Let me just say, this movie had me in tears. It's that hilarious! As everyone has been saying, though, this movie is not for everyone. Some of the jokes are so crude that they evoked an audible *gasp* from the theater  audience. But if you've been looking for a movie with that potent  combination of cheap animation, side-splitting humor, Satanic fornication,  and Broadway-quality music, this is the DVD/tape for you!
0425170055|4.0|The actions and training scenes are great and at times explosive.  Unfortunately, Mr Clancy's habit of adding(and repeating) too many sub-plots hurt the flow.  If he can cut the lenght by 300 pages, this will  be one of the best thrillers.
B00000I0XW|4.0|I really enjoyed this collection. It is the first CD exclusively by Sarah Brightman that I have bought, and it was not a mistake! I loved hearing songs that I had not heard before, such as &quot;Amigos Para Siempe&quot;  (which was beautiful, I might add!). The only reason that this CD did not  get 5 stars is because so many of the songs were exactly like those on the  Phantom soundtrack, though I know that they could not be excluded! It was  interesting to hear a totally new (to me) sound from Sarah. I never knew  (or guessed!) that she had a good stage voice too! If you like Andrew Lloyd  Webber and/or Sarah Brightman, you will like this CD!
B000002MUQ|4.0|&quot;Balance&quot; was an OK effort on Sammy's part, but I really miss Dave!!!!  &quot;Feelin,&quot; &quot;Seventh Seal,&quot; and &quot;Not Enough&quot; kick some major bootie, but the rest is almost gut sludge!!!!   I hate to say it, folks, but Sammy pulls this band down! I vote for a Dave  reunion!!!!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have always enjoyed Santana but this is the first cd of many that I will purchase from this band. I think the mix is wonderful, a great way to have different voices on one album.
B00001QGPR|4.0|Though not as ambitious as Outside, Hours . . . is also meant for fans. Bowie is taking a breather with this album and lets his voice do the talking. He has influenced countless bands, and has done it all. This is a  lovely album, though I must admit that, like Outside, it's for Bowie  die-hards. It is smooth, and thoughful.
0880389052|4.0|A very entertaining book that moves along at a very rapid pace.  I read all three books of the trilogy in about a week.  Drizz't is a very interesting character and the world of Menzoberranzen is not your typical  fantasy world, which is something I enjoy.  The story is basically  straightforward without a lot of big surprises or twists and turns.  But,  the Drow society and their lifestyle is fascinating.
B00001QGPR|1.0|This was a terrible disappiontment.  I would have been satisfied with one song as half as good as &quot;Miracle Goodnight&quot;, but every song sounds like the  vacant pop garbage that he played on Saturday Night Live.
0553573403|5.0|...where young innocents must band together to save the world against overwhelming odds with the help of a wise old person: Lord of the Rings (Frodo, etc and Gandalf), the Shannara novels (Shea/Wil and Allanon), David  Eddings (whoever and old Belgarath), Terry Goodkind (Richard and Zedd), and  countless others.  This is a book with great characters of all ages , from  young innocents to great kings with many children.  There are many  unexpected happenings in here, including a surprise death or two.  I would  recommend the book to any adult or mature teen who can handle the  complexity.  I would also recommend reviewing all the characters listed by  house at the end of the book.  An exciting book with some great sword play  that is not overwhelmed by sorcery.  The book generally jumped from  character to character by chapter.  I found myself disappointed that I  wouldn't find out what would happen next to one character, and flip ahead  and think &quot;ok, only 76 more pages until I find out what happened to  Tyrion&quot;, then I would do the same thing with the next chapter and so  on.
0671578278|5.0|Delectable, tart and fulfilling...  Bujold's new book is all that and more.  How does she do this time after time?  <br />This book is marvelous.  The characters continue to develop and grow in wisdom, teaching us the  secrets of life on the way.  <br />Please read this series.  Few authors can  touch your heart the way Bujold can.  (Or tickle your funny bone with such  finesse.)  Don't wait, read now!
B000002KKC|4.0|I only recently became a fan of Fleetwood Mac's music.  Although I have enjoyed many of the popular singles during my 27 year old life, I had only recently purchased an album.  After listenting to Greatest Hits over and  over for several months, I picked up a few other albums.  Tango in the  Night, Fleetwood Mac, and Rumours.  After enjoying these albums and really  appreciating the atmosphere created by each, I decided it was time to try  Tusk.  I had avoided it, as many people had told me that it was really  terrible.  After my first exposure to Tusk, I was completely underwhelmed  (with the exception of  &quot;Sara&quot;)  However, what I discovered that  upon continued listenting, I really came to appreciate this album.  No, it  doesn't have the catchy melodies of Rumours, but its excitement is in its  eclectic mix.  What I especially enjoyed is how several of the elements  found in Lindsey's songs can be found in an evolved form on Tango in the  Night.  The question I ask myself now is, &quot;Was this really recorded in  1979?&quot;  It seems to me that this album was way ahead of its time and  gave Christine, Stevie, and Lindsey the opportunity  to be completely  creative.  I must give credit to the band for taking such an unexpected  path after Rumours.  Twenty years later and I believe that Tusk is still  cutting-edge.  A true classic. PS- I do not care much for the name of the  album or the cover picturre.  What's up with the dog?
B00002E23H|5.0|Deep Blue Sea is a Rollar Costar of a movie.It straps you in ,gets your adrenaline pumping,and brings you full speed through jumps,twists and is fun in the process. When you wattch this remember this BE READY FOR  ANYTHING. There are parts that will make you jump and scream out loud.What  makes the movie better is the great performances from Safron Burrows,LL  Cool J,Thomas Jane ,and Samuel L. Jackson.
6305627401|5.0|I have seen this movie three times and I laugh harder every time.  The second half slows down a little bit, but is still funnier than anything else out there.  It was worth my eight dollars to see Cartman swearing, and  when he busts out the megaphone I laughed so hard my chest hurt.  If you  have not seen this movie yet try to catch it at the two dollar theaters,  waiting until November the 23rd is too long!!!!
B00000273M|4.0|There's no doubt about it, the Bangles did some damn good pop hits, and it's great fun, no more or less.
0790729628|5.0|I was 12 years old when the movie critic Gary Something? (The Bald man who hated every film it seemed) gave it a 10. My parents rushed us out to the drive in (What is a drive in you ask). Needless to say it was a bore. Not  until I was in my late teen's did this movie get graced with my own 10. If  you're expecting Star War's forget it. This movie is for people who enjoy  pondering...<br />For the effects artist this movie is eye candy. It could be  released today and you wouldn't even wonder where the computer graphics  are. Both strong visual and deep story line easily allows this movie to  rival todays &quot;Look at what we can do with a computer&quot; effect  movies... A must have classic (Classic? Crap I am getting old) :)
0780625633|4.0|What a movie!It was dramatic,angry,and harsh.{This movie is not for people who like soft,happy endings}.It's message behind all of that is so powerful it can't be expressed into words,it's just a way of thinking that changes  the way you feel about human nature.
0316926345|4.0|I listened to the audio of this book after having seen the PBS mini-series years ago and I was amazed to find that the principal characters, by my standards, were dispicable.  Charles Ryder, in particular, sent me off when  he returned from the jungle and described his relationship with his wife  and children (one of whom he had never met and whom he showed no interest  in meeting).   Through these eyes, I re-viewed Julia and her father and  found them both contemptible.  Although the era was full of elegance and  physical beauty, it is not hard to understand its decline in the hands of  such morally bankrupt characters.
B00000JPH5|5.0|The last time I watched this movie I was four.I thought I would be very bored watching this movie simply because the majority of the cast were muppets,but little did I know it would bring back all of these wonderful  childhood memories {and my huge crush on David Bowie}.
0783226888|3.0|&quot;The Jackal&quot; is stylish, entertaining, jam-packed with great action, but it's brought down by a weak screenplay. This film lacks the intelligence of it's inspiration: &quot;The Day Of The Jackal&quot; and the  lore of international intrigue. There are too many loose ends and stuff you  know is not plausible. Bruce Willis is great as The Jackal, but he doesn't  have a strong base here. I was entertained by the film, but I was left  unsatisfied by some slow moments and situations that could have been taken  out. The soundtrack is very well-done though. &quot;The Jackal&quot; is an  entertaining and at times stylish and thrilling, but it lacks a bigger  brain.
0553214632|4.0|In Origin of Species Darwin does an incredible job of documenting the mutability of species, of showing that changes can be caused not only by human breeding, but also by what you might call natural breeding, or  &quot;natural selection,&quot; as he calls it. His evidence was simply  overwhelming.<br />The shortcoming of the book is that he gave no evidence for  his main contention - that life is so mutable that a single-celled life  form might evolve through many generations into, say, an elephant. The best  he did on that count was to speculate. One of his odder speculations was  that whales may be the descendants of animals like bears who swam through  the water with their mouths open. In fact, I thought the evidence he  presented could be reasonably interpreted as meaning that species have gene  pools that allow a range of expression - for example, look at all the kinds  of dogs there are.<br />That Darwin spent several chapters defending his  theory against the lack of fossil evidence is also interesting because lack  of fossil evidence is still being brought up as an objection. Clearly this  objection has not been answered, or has been answered  inadequately.<br />Having said all that, Origin of Species was the most  persuasive argument for evolution I've heard. It is the focal point of the  entire evolution-creation debate, and anybody interested in the topic  should be familiar with it, regardless of which side of the issue they are  on.
B000001DVD|5.0|I am one of the very fortunate to have heard High 'N' Dry before the band's Pyromania and later fame. Like the self-titled track the best and Switch 625 kicks ***. Everytime I listen to this and On Through The Night  and Pyromania (the trilogy as I call it), I regain my high school insanity  and reminds me how young at heart I really am.  Its just a shame they had  to do what was best for them and overproduce Hysteria and beyond.
B00000JZI9|5.0|This is a fun cowboy movie with a expansive, wide-open feeling aided by a rousing score. The music brings to recollection the great works of Aaron Copeland. The story is old, but the execution and craftsmanship are  exquisite. This is probably Kevin Costner's best acting (he doesn't take  himself so gosh-darn seriously!) A decent family film with minimal violence  or bad language, though there are some implied adult situations. The good  guys win!
B000002HRE|1.0|Ok, lets be cool. SOme say &quot;RELOAD&quot; is different, is music, is new. Fine.But have you ever listen to &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;? or &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;?, or &quot;And Justice for All&quot;? They  changed in the Black album, but changed qwith quality. Now, they changed  for the sake of nothing. Theyre gone.
B000001FTH|5.0|I don't understand all the negativity surrounding Grace Jones's Island Life.  This is a fun CD with great dance tunes.  Grace sounds emotive on a number of these cuts!  No, Grace can't out do Chrisy Hynde on Private Life,  but she does more than a respectable job.  BTW, the recording engineer did  an excellent job -- totally pro.  Lots of layering and texture.  Not a  boring moment anywhere on this CD.
B00000K19E|2.0|The movie is great, when I watched it on the big screen. Too bad I can't watch the DVD. I purchased a new Apple Powerbook with a DVD-ROM, and because the makers only wrote the special features for Win machines, I  can't even watch the movie. The disc is useless. The Powerbooks are back  ordered meaning a lot of people have purchased one. Maybe makers should  start waking up and writing these discs for all platforms.
B000000HZZ|5.0|I didn't check into Japan til I got Tin Drum.  The other reviews point out the art-minded euro-asiatic electronic funk that's blended here into poignant moods and landscapes.  The whole album sweeps me away, but not  quite as much as Tin Drum does.  The virgin transfer I purchased has a lot  of tape hiss on it.  These Japan releases really deserve a new HDCD  transfer (anyone listening??)
B00000J7S8|5.0|'When I Look Into Your Eyes' is absolutely captivating. It's musical magic. We put it on the first time and were instantly mesmerized. Her vocals are smooth as glass and the arrangements are outstanding. I strongly  encourage you take this musical journey. This is by far her best work yet.
0399143904|5.0|If you put this book down you are a BIG FOOL<br />PS.YOU ARE ALSO CRAZY FOOL IF YOU PUT THIS BOOK DOWN
B000009PNY|1.0|the cure song is total rubbish... perhaps the reason robert smith had to do the song all by his lonesome: the other members openly hate DM... in fact, even smith has made it a habit to rip on DM for many years... then he  goes out and does something stupid like record this song... for shame...  another reviewer said the smashing p. song was junk (laughable?) but i  disagree... i think it's much better than the original song... but i've  never been impressed with DM, in the slightest... the sp ver. has a better  groove and the vocals are better delivered... again, the cure song sux...  c'ya  (ps i only listened to those 2 songs... then sold it to a used cd  store... the other songs may very well be excellent but i couldn't bring  myself to keeping it after hearing the cure tune)
6303997198|5.0|I WILL SAY THIS ONCE.THAT KIND OF ROMANTIC DRAMA COMES ONCE IN A LIFETIME
B00000IGGA|5.0|my first exposure to tom waits was through this album...specifically through hearing &quot;take it with me&quot; on my college radio station. The sheer emotion this man achieves with mere words is undeniable and unbelievable.  The sound of his voice is enough to make me cry! &quot;hold on&quot; and  &quot;take it with me&quot; are gorgeous.  Overall, one of the best investments  I've ever made.
0380796090|5.0|I loved it!  Hilarious.  I could find bunch of \\"James\\" here and there so that his predictable behaviors were so funny!!  (Though I work with lawyers, they are just as boring as accountants.)  I wish I could find  \\"Adam\\" around!  I am looking forward to reading her other books soon.
B00000J7JO|4.0|It's like a trip back to the 'old days' and a whole new chapter after 'One Hot Minute' that never caught my ear. Best purchase of the year!!
B000002546|5.0|I've had this album (yes, in vinyl) since 1975, and it blew me away then and again in 1999.  The sheer inventiveness and skill level intimidated me then, as now.  Like nothing you've ever heard.  Listen to it a few times; you'll know;  in your car, at home, wherever.  Don't listen once and toss aside.  You'll be  sorry!  If you want three-chord rock, this aint' it.  If you're a guitarist who  wants to know what you can do with the instrument, listen up.  All instrumental;  it's all up front. (And hey, who's the band?  Is this hot, or what?)   Hey, for you guitarists: Try to play along with it!  Whoa!!!
B0000048V8|5.0|This story was one of the most unique of all time. Not to mention the animation of the film was quite creative. The music ....was pleasantly soothing, there should be a sndtk. I've read this story and wathced the  video numerous times and all year around. My little brother and I love this  story very much!!
6305558167|5.0|This is THE BEST movie ever made of King Arthur!!. Many people come to me saying how First Knight was so &quot;beautiful&quot;...and I ALWAYS say the same thing, &quot;you haven't seen a good King Arthur movie until you've  seen Excalibur&quot;. This movie just has it ALL. The sword from the stone,  Merlin, Guenevere and her affair with Lancelot that brought the fall of  Camelot and the Knights of the Round Table. Everything from the oldest  novels known of the Arthurian Legend. (La Morte da Arthur). And the  ARMORS!!. I've NEVER seen such beautiful and astonishing armors in a  movie!!. This movie is dark and the battle scenes are gory and real. And  you can see that from the very first scene when Knights gather for combat  in the middle of the night in a forest. I'll never forget that first scene  I saw when I was a little boy. If you're a fan of medieval movies, or of  King Arthur and want to see a VERY realistic view of the legend of King  Arthur, or if you just HATED First Knight (as I did) BUY this DVD!!!. You  won't regreret!!. This movie is so powerfull that you won't get tired of  seeing it as have I for the past 15 years.
B00001QGPR|5.0|David Bowie always puts out high quality music that is both unique and beautiful to listen to. This album is no exception. It is different from his last two but great none the less. It just shows he can change but  always remains David Bowie. A must for any Bowie fan.
0684867621|4.0|Let your imagination run away with this one and you will be right in the middle of the woods (bug bites and all)with this wonderful 9 year old girl. The thought that this scenaro could actually happen is what makes it truly  scary.  The &quot;thing&quot; in the woods was a little disappointing at  the end but otherwise a very good read!!
